916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is out of order.
The first question is upon the pending amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New York.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Chair will under-
stand my position before he decides that I am out
of order. I want to know if all the appropria-
tion bills, which have been made the special orders
for to-day, hare been postponed under this one
general motion ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so understands;
and he understands further, that the committee
have decided to take up the Senate amendments
to the deficiency bill; and that is the only business
now under consideration.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not know what the
Chair derives his understanding from.
The question was taken on Mr. Pringle '3
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GOV ODE. I now move to strike out the
whole appropriation; and my reason for the
motion is to facilitate the getting of water into
the city of "Washington.
Mr. PHELPS. A motion is already pending
to strike out the whole appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment was
decided yesterday to be out of order.
Mr. COVODE."Well,Irenew tl\e amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order.
Mr. COVODE. My object is to facilitate the
getting of water into the city of Washington,
and not to interfere with it.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is out
of order.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to amend by
striking out all after the word "three," and in-
serting in lieu thereof:
—hundred thousand dollars: Provided, That when thi3
work blKilf have been completed, the cities of Washington
and Geoigetown, and their inhabitants, shall only be allowed
to tap the same upon the yearly payment of such rates as
shall be settled between the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings aiul Works and the corporate authorities of said cities ;
and the revenue ansmg therefrom shall be devoted to keep-
ing the said work in repair.
The object which I have in view in offering this
amendment is, to meet an objection which has
been made here to this work with an appearance
of good faith. There are a good many gentlemen
here who seem to object to this work on the ground
that the property-holders of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown may derive some benefit
from it. My amendment is directed to thatpoint,
so as to meet the views of such gentlemen, and
to prevent the people of Washington and George-
town hereafter from deriving any benefit from
this work, except upon the payment of a fair
compensation for it. The work itself is advo-
cated because it is of public utility; because it is
necessary to the security of the public buildings
here; because it is essential to the comfort of those
who occupy public offices here; because it may
give power in the mechanical department, con-
ducted under the eye of the Government; and
lastly, because, to use the language of my ven-
erable friend from New York, [Mr. Simmons,] it
will be an ornament to this city, and add to the
health of this place. Those reasons are met by
the objection, that we must not do this, because
the holders of real estate in this city may have
the use of it without paying for it. To meet that
objection, my amendment is intended.
But the adoption of my amendment will effect
another object. It will get rid of the matter
which has been inserted in the bill by the adop-
tion of the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Crawford.] That amendment is
a proviso to the effeet that the sum now appro-
priated, and the sums which have been heretofore
appropriated, shall be proportioned between the
value of the Government property and that owned
by private citizens; and I confess, that when I
read it I did not exactly understand how the of-
ficer at the other end of the avenue might construe
it. Will the Clerk read the amendment?
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That the same, together with the amount here-
tofoi e paid by Congre-s, shall not exceed the relative pro-
portion of the value of the Government propeny, as com-
pared wifii that belonging to pilvate citizens within the
corporate limits of Georgetown and Washington ciues.
Mr. MARSHALL. Now the committee have
adopted that amendment, I should like to know
what is the quantity which you are going to take
ss the point of comparison, so as to see whether
this appropriation is made or not made.
" Provided, It shall not exceed the relauve proportion of
the value of the Government property, as compared with
that belonging to private citizens."
What do you mean by a proportion, between
them? That is, a fixed quantity which, accord-
ing to the phraseology of the amendment, you
intend to erect to compare something else with.
I suppose, if it does exceed that amount, then
you do not make the appropriation. I apprehend
it is rather an impalpable quantity.
I propose to strike out all that follows the word
" three," and to insert my amendment; and then
we shall get rid of the matter which was inserted
by the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia,
and meet the objection urged that the people here
would derive a benefit from the work without
paying compensation for it.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise for the purpose of ap-
pealing to the committee to proceed to vote upon
this question. The amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Crawford] does
not provide for carrying out this object in detail.
It is, therefore, defective. The same remark is
applicable to the amendment submitted by the
gentleman fromKentucky, and, therefore, I think
neither of them should be adopted. • If the com-
mittee should refuse to concur in this amendment
of the Senate, when we go into the House we
shall have a direct vote upon the Senate amend-
ment. We may as well test the matter there as
anywhere else. We have already consumed two
days in the discussion of this question; why
should we consume another day in its discussion ?
I therefore hope that the members of the com-
mittee will endeavor to accomplish some result,
and soon. Let us either concur in the amendment
of the Senate, or have it stricken out; and then the
friends and opponents of the appropriation can
have a fair test in the House on adopting the
report of the committee.
The question was taken;and Mr. Marshall's
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose to amend
by striking out the word " three," and inserting
the word "four," so as to make the appropria-
$400,000. I wish, Mr. Chairman, to make a
very few remarks. This is the city of Wash-
ington. It is, moreover, the metropolis of the
Union. It is occupied by people who are not
citizens, I may say, at least so far as the right of
suffrage goes. Certainly, we have every motive,
as the only legislative body of the District, to
embellish it. All the good feeling within our
breasts, every consideration which actuates human
hearts, ought to prompt us to do what we can for
the purpose of promoting the prosperity and
embellishment of this District. Wnat is the
proposition ?—and I pray gentlemen to bear it
m mind. It is sjmply for the Government of
the United States to build the great trunk orthis
aqueduct from the Falls to the various public estab-
lishments of this District. It then proposes to
give to the people of Washington and Georgetown
the surplus water—nothing else. There is 110
power 011 the part of the city of Washington, no
power or the part of the city of Georgetown, to
use this aqueduct. Whatever advantages they
are to get from it, is to be got by virtue of our
legislation. And I ask whether there exists in
the bosom of any member of this House a feel-
ing which could deny such a spot, and to such
a people as inhabit it, the benefits of what we do
not want? That we ought to have water to pro-
tect our public buildings is undoubted. That we
want water for the benefit of the navy-yard—
where we had a house recently burned down—and
for the arsenal, is undoubted.
In constructing the aqueduct for the supply of
these public works, all that is asked on the part
of the cities of Washington and Georgetown, is
that they may use at their own expense the water
which is over and above that required for the
public service. You want water power down
here in the navy-yard. You cannot get it in any
other way. You want a dry-dock which you
can occasionally fill; you cannot have it in any
other way. Every exigency known to the public
service, as connected with our interests here, de-
mands the water. The great trunk will pass in
the proximity of the public buildings; and the
citizens of Washington and Georgetown will, if
Congress permit it, be allowed to use the surplus
water on such terms, and under such circum-
stances, as subsequent legislation may direct.
Can we refuse to allow the use of this surplus
water ? That is the question for this House, and
none other.
Mr. COVODE. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Virginia, for
the reason that I want the matter disposed of by
voting down the appropriation entirely; and I
think proper here to say, that, if the Government
see fit to authorize a company to establish these
water-works, it can be done by. a responsible
party at a cost to the Government of one million
of dollars, and the water can be introduced into
this city within two years.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is proper for us to
take a business view of this subject. We are
entering upon a project not knowing where it ia
going to end. My own conviction is, that it will
cost the Government $10,000,000, and that the
work will extend over a period of ten or fifteen
years before the water is introduced into the city:
I would say that, at this very time, there is a bill
being drawn in this city to authorize a party to
construct these Water-works, and introduce the
water into the city within two years at a cost of
P,000,000 to the Government, and limiting the
charges for water by the company to property-
holders in the city to the lowest charge nowpaid
anywhere for water—say, to the price paid in
Philadelphia. I do not want to interfere with the
introduction of water into this city. I want it
done, and I want it done immediately; but I wish
the work to go into the hands of an efficient par-
ty. There is no doubt but that civil engineers
who understand this business—parties who are
interested in constructing this work at the cheap-
est rate, and in the shortest possible time—are the
parties to whom the work should be allotted.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Did Philadelphia
build her water-works by hw own resources ?
Mr. COVODE. I do not object to giving an ap-
propriation to the city of W a shi ngton, if it should
construct the work and do it in time. I make no
choice between the city doing it and the Govern-
ment doing it. But I take the ground that, when
water is introduced into the city by Government,
the city of Washington will not be provided for.
The Government is not going to extend pipes to
all portions of the city of Washington. I there-
fore object entirely to the appropriation, for ths
purpose of introducing a new and better state of
affairs, by which the citizens and the Government
can be supplied with water within two years at a
cost to the Government not exceeding $1,000,000,
and at a cost to the citizcns not exceeding the
lowest price paid for water in any city in the
United States.
The question was taken on Mr. Smith's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CADWALADER. I move to reduce ths
appropriation to $45,000. When, in a prior stage
of the debate, I spoke in favor of this appropria-
tion, I was not aware of the fact stated yester-
day, that Knd out of the limits of the District of
Columbia required for the prosecution of the
work on its present plan, had been acquired by
the United States under an act of the Legislature
of Maryland. My concurrence in the proposed
plan, for the reasons which I then gave, was
based entirely upon the clause of the Constitution
conferring on Congress the power to exercise ex-
clusive legislation over this District as the seat
of Government. I have since yesterday morning
taken some pains to investigate the legal question
of our power under the Constitution to accept the
grant of this land beyond the limits of the Dis-
trict for purposes thus connected with the gov-
ernment of the District. Upon the result of this
investigation, I am «ot, as a lawyer, convinced
that the constitutional power does not exist. On
the contrary, I incline to the opinion that the
validity of the title of the United States to the
land acquired for this purpose might be sustained,
if the question were presented for judicial decis-
ion; but, viewing the question as a measure of
legislation, I regard it 111 a very different light.
The question here presented to a legislatoV is not
of unfrequent occurrence in the transaction of
congressional business. I think it unwise and
unsafe to strain the powers of Government under
the Constitution, so as to include cases which are
beyond the spirit of the Constitution, construed
in the more simple mode of interpretation applied
by ordinary readers of it, who are not of the legal
profession. I would abstain, as far as possible,
from the exercise of all powers whieh such
