1790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
Mr. PRINGLE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a statement?
Mr. PHELPS. Let the appeal be decided first.
I object.
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?" was
taken, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained; and
the amendment was decided to be out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I move to strike out the
following section:
" For constructing barracks and other buildings at posts
which it may be necessary to occupy during the year; and
for repairing, altering, and enlarging buildings at the estab-
lished posts, including hue or commutation of quarters l'or
officers on military duty; hire of quarters for troops, of
store-houses for the safe-keeping of military stores, and of
grounds for summer cantonments; for encampments and
temporary frontier stations, ,*5000,000.
I make this motion for the purpose of obtain-
ing some information in respect to this item. I
desire to know if there is any statute or law
authorizing this expenditure of half a million of
dollars at the discretion of the officers of the
Army? It strikes me as a very extraordinary ]
appropriation.
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will inform my
colleague from Ohio, that, if he will refer to pages
234 and 235, he will find the several laws under
which the appropriation is made referred to.
The estimates in detail he will find on page 240.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, moved to strike out, in line one
hundred and sixteen, the word " six," and insert
the word "twelve," so that the item would read:
For contingencies of the Army, $12,000.
Mr. C. said: This isr ail amendment which I
am directed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to olFe'r. The original estimate was for
£16,000. The committee cut it down to $(>,000.
They,however,upon reconsideration, with addi-
tional lights before them, thought the item ought
to be increased to $12,000; and they have there-
fore instructed me to offer this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr SHERMAN. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following:
i'tovided, nevertheless, That no part of the military lorcc
of the United States heroin provided for shall he em-
ployed in aid of the enforcement of the enactments of the
alleged Le<ji>l;itive Assembly ot the Territory 01 Kansas,
recently assembled at Shawnee Mission, until ConijU'es
shall have enacted either that it was or was not a valid
Legislative Assembly, chosen in conformity with the or-
ganic law by the people of the said Territory: .-9m/ pro-
vided, That, until Congress «?lmll have passed on the valid-
ity ot the haul LogMative Assembly of Kansas, it shall he
the duty ol the I'icsuient to use the mihtaiy lorcc in said
Terruoiy to pro^eiv the peace, suppress insurrection, iepel
invasion, and piotect poisons and propeity theietn, and
upon the national highways in the State ot' Missouri, fiom
unlawful seizure's and marches : Jltul be it jurtiter provided,
That the President is icquired to disarm the pie?.ent organ-
ized militia of the Teiutoiy of Kansas, and recall all the
United skates arms theicm distubuted, and to pievent
armed men from going into said Temiory to diPturb the
public peace, or aid m the enforcement or resistance of
real or pretended laws.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I submit that the amendment is
not in order. Pretended legislation of an alleged
Legislative Assembly has nothing to do with one
of the general appropriation bills.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
raises a question of order on the amendment.
The Chair will state that this appropriation bill
seems to he getting; considerably loaded down
with similar propositions. They come thick and
fast. So far as the present one is concerned, jt
is difficult to determine how much is in and how
much is out ot* order.
Mr. HOUSTON. According to the rules the
amendment is entirely out of order.
Thy CHAIRMAN. Portions of the amend-
ment ore evidently out of order.
A Member. If a portion of the amendment
is out of order, then it must be ruled out by the
Chair. 9
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to say a word.
Mr. PHELPS. Debate is out of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Chair decide my
amendment to be out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. ^HERMAN. I take an appeal from that
decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The question then is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
Mr. GIDDINGS. I demand tellers on that
question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sneed and
Denver were appointed.
The question was taken*, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 62, noes 64.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled, and
the amendment decided to be in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not, Mr. Chairman,
attempt to discuss these amendments within the
five minutes allowed by your rules, but will
simply state their substance and purpose. They
should be considered in connection with these 1
Iseld in my hand, and which, at the proper time, I
will propose to ingraft on the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill. Those I propose to oner here-
after provide that no citizen of the Territory of
Kansas shall be required to serve as a part of
the posse comitahts in aid of any territorial officer;
that all prosecutions in this Territory for refusing
to act in that capacity, and all prosecutions for
treason or other political offenses, alleged to have
been committed therein, shall be suspended until
Congress shall have passed upon the validity of
the alleged Legislative Assembly; and all persons
now in custody for such offenses shall be dis-
charged.
The amendments now under consideration do
not declare the pretended laws of the Shawnee
Mission Legislature null and void, but simply
require that the military force of the United States
shall not be used to enforce them until their legal
existence has been determined by Congress.
They also provide that the military forces shall
be used to preserve peace and good order; and
that the militia of the Territory—now composed
of mere partisans of the pro-slavery party—shall
J)e disarmed; and that the President shall recall
the United States arms therein distributed. They
provide that the United States troops shall take
no part in the civil contests, except to preserve
the peace until Congress shall decide what is, and
what is not, law in that Territory.
I think, if gentlemen will fairly consider these
amendments, they will see that they are just and
fair, and I believe that their passage will do more
to settle the difficulties in Kanzas than all the
complex bills that now load the Speaker's table.
The existing difficulties all grew out of the at-
tempt to enforce enactments which the body of
the people believe were imposed upon them by
force and fraud. This has been done in a way to
excite resistance, and by instruments so odious
to the people that nothing but civil discord could
be expected. Roving bands of strangers, having
no interest in the soil, were enrolled as militia,
and under color of authority, commit all sorts of
excesses. The forms of law were made to cover
aison find robbery. I will not attempt to desenbe
the disorder prevailing in the Territory. It would
be far better that no color of law existed, because
self-preservation would then compel the settlers
to unite for their own protection.
These amendments rest upon the position that
Congress alone possess the power to determine the
question whether the alleged Legislative Assem-
bly was elected in accordance with the organic
law or not. The territorial government is a mere
creature of Congress. .It owes its organization,
its existence, and its vitality entirely to the act
of May 30,1854. Its officers are dependent upon
you for then* salaries. The very body whose
legal existence you are called upon to try is to be
j paid, if at all, by your appropriations. All the
j! powersof the territorial government were granted,
: limited, and distributed by Congress, and it is
, only when its people take steps to form a State
■ , government that they exercise the least inde-
l! pendent political power. Surely, then, if the
;; people of the Tenltory allege that their rights,
j; granted and secured by Congress, have been sub-
ij verted by a body selected by non-residents, Con-
i gross should not enforce the enactments of such
! a body until it is ascertained whether these com-
' plaints are well founded. •
These amendments simply provide that these
■ alleged laws shall not be enforced by officers paid
by your appropriations until Congress shall de-
termine their legal existence. For one, I am will-
: ing now to declare the Shawnee Mission Legisla-
I ture a usurpation and a fraud; but by the rules
I this cannot oe acted upon, and as the only expe-
dient left,in my judgment, all parties should a^reo
to suspend the operations of their enactment until
Congress shall affirmatively say that their enact-
ments are valid or that they are void.
Mr. STEPHENS. It is not within the. prov-
ince of Congress to determine the question of the
validity of the laws of the Territory of Kansas,
or the legality of the organization of the Legisla-
ture of that Territory. This pending amendment
and the speech of the gentleman from Ohio seem
to be predicated upon the assumption, that it is the
duty of Congress to exercise jurisdiction over
these subjects, and to pass judgment upon them.
The question of the legality of the organization
of the Territorial Legislature was intrusted, by
the organic act, to another tribunal, and properly
so. This House has no jurisdiction over it. It
was made the duty of the Governor of Kansas to
declare who were duly elected to, and who duly
constituted the members of, the Legislature of
that Territory. The Governor duly appointed
did so declare.
Now, sir, if there was anything illegal touch-
ing the organization of that Legislature, it was
a matter to be settled elsewhere than here. We
have no jurisdiction over the question of the le-
gality of the organization of that Territory. The
gentleman from Ohio says we have control over
the money. That is true 
Mr. SHERMAN, (interrupting). I would ask
the gentleman from Georgia whether the Senate
of the United States have not themselves, by a
recent act passed by that body, exercised the
power to modify and change certain laws of that
Territory ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not wish the gentle-
man to misunderstand mo. I am not speaking
of the power of Congress to modify, change, or
repeal the laws of that or any other Territory of
the Union. The power to modify, alter, or re-
peal a law, is a different thing from the power to
pass judgment upon its validity as it stands un-
changed and unrepealed. Congress may have the
power to repeal, and not the power to declare
null and void without a repeal, or for any matter
pertaining to the organization of the Legislature.
If, then, the Senate has exercised the power of
modifying or repealing any of those laws, it is a
different thing from that power now involved.
But I do not understand that the Senate of the
United States has done any such thing as that
stated by the gentleman fron^ Ohio. The Senate
has, it is true, declared that no such thing ought
to be law, or to be enforced as law, as certain
gentlemen have charged the " alleged laws" to
be. The Senate, perhaps, did not believe, nor
do I, that, if there be any law passed by the Ter-
ritorial Legislature abridging the constitutional
right of freedom of speech, or the liberty of the
press, or the freedom of conscience, it ought to
be, or could be, enforced in that Territory. The
Senate has simply declared, as the courts doubt-
less will declare if a case arises, that all such
enactments, if any have been made, ought not to
exist, and cannot constitutionally exist. This is
what I understand the Senate has done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia, whether the bill to which I have alluded
does not declare certain laws, passed by the so-
called Kansas Legislature, null and void ?
Mr. STEPHENS. It docs not. It simply
declares that certain constitutional rights cannot
be abridged by law—just as the courts in like
cases would declare. That bill also declares
that no test oath for voters or jurors shall be re-
quired. But the Senate has not undertaken to
say that any laws of that Territory are null and
void on account of the legality of the organization
of the Legislature. Far from it. That is what
I understand the provisions of the Senate bill
amount to.
The validity of the existing code of laws there
must be passed upon by the courts, unless they
be repealed by some law-making power. There
can he no law passed in that Territory abridging
the freedom of speech, the freedom of the press,
or the freedom of conscience. Those great con-
stitutional rights and privileges, secured by the
fundamental law of the Union, the Territorial
Legislature of Kansas cannot abridge, even if they
have attempted to do it. And the courts will so
hold.
Now, sir, I am opposed to any such indirect
legislation as that proposed by the gentleman
