180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of R EPS.
have full power to go, and to determine all ques-
tions pertaining either to his qualifications, his
election, or return. But in doing this, we are
asked to take a step further, and to judge not
only of his election, return, and qualifications,
but to go into an investigation and judge of the
qualifications, elections, and returns of the mem-
bers of the Legislative Assembly of Kansas,
which passed the law under which it is admitted
he was elected. I say, sir, according to the prin-
ciple which I have laid down, no case in the par-
liamentary history of England, from which all
our institutions have sprung, or in this country,
can be adduced to justify or warrant it. I beg
leave to call attention to some authority on this
point. I read from Sir Edward Coke, (4 Inst., i
p. 15;) in speaking of the High Court of Parlia- :
ment, he says:
"And as every court of justice hath laws and customs for
its direction, some by the common law, some by the civil
arid common law, gome by peculiar la we and customs, &c.,
. to the High Court of Parliament, svupropriis legibus et con-
sueludinirms tulisistit. It is lex et consuetudo parliamenti.
"And this is the reason that the judge* ought not to give
any opinion of a matter of Parliament, because is not to be
decided by the common laws, but secundum legem et con-
tuetudinem parliamenti; and so the judges in divert par-
liaments have confessed."
On any matter relating to the constitution, or-
ganization, rights or privileges of the members of
the'House of Lords, the Commons cannot inter-
fere. In like matters,relating to the organization
of the House of Commons, the Lords cannot inter-
fere. No other court in the kingdom can interfere.
The highest court of the realm—the King with
the prerogatives of the Crown—cannot interfere.
On all these matters each House is a court with
full, ample, absolute jurisdiction over the whole
subject. And when they are determined by that
court, with full and competent jurisdiction over
the subject-matter, itsjudgment cannot be inquired
into by any other tribunal. Sir Edward Coke
says further, on page 50, same volume:
"Thus much have we thought good to set down concern-
ing knights, citizens, and burgesses; because much tune is
spent in Parliament concerning the right of elections, fcc.,
which might be more profitably employed pro bono publico."
This latter remark is not very inapplicable to
our condition. But the author goes on:
" Now, to treat more in particular (as it hath been de-
■ired) of the laws, customs, liberties, and privileges of this
court of Parliament, which are the very heart-strings of the
Common wealth," * * * " would take up a whole volume
of itself. Certain it is, as hath been said, that curia parlia-
menti suit propriis legibus iubtislit."
And lie goes on to say that it does not belong
to the Justices of England, or the Barons of the
exchequer, to Judge of any of these matters coming
within the jurisdiction orthis court of Parliament.
Now, sir, I invite attention to what Sir William
Blackstonc says on this subject in his Comment-
aries, with which all of us ought to be familiar.
After referring to these remarks of Coke, and
affirming them, he says, in vol. I. p. 163: I
" It will be sufficient to observe that the whole of the I
law and custom of Parliament lias its original from this one
inaxiin, that whatever matter arises concerning either
House of Parliament ought to be examined, discussed, and
adjudged, in that House to which it relates, and not else-
where.' Hence, lor instance, the Lords will not suffer the
Commons to interfere in settling the election of a Peer of
Scotland; the Commons will not allow the Lords to jud«e
of the election of a bulges*; nor will either House permit
eithcVcase"1*16 C0Urt® law t0 examine the merits of
All such matters are to be decided by the
Houses of Parliament, respectively, not arbitra-
rily, but according to the usages, customs, and
precedents in like cases, which constitute the lex
parhmnenti, or law of Parliament; but when de- i
cided, whether right or wrong, there it no power
to reverse tlife decision. Just so, sir, with us;
when this House passes, judgments upon the
qualifications or election of a member here it is I
final and conclusive. Here the matter is to be
examined, discussed, and adjudged; and, when
adjudged, it cannot be inquired into elsewhere i
feo with every legislative body. On this point,
I now call the attention of the House to what |
• J.U8tice Story says upon the same subject in
speaking of this clause, in his treatise upon the
Constitution of the United States. After quotine
the clause of the Constitution which provides
that each House shall judge of the qualifications,
elections, and returns of its own members, he
says, in vol. II, p. 295.
" The only possible question on such a subject is as to
{ tie boiy in which snch a power shall be lodsed. If lodged
I m any other than Oik legislative body itself, itsindependence,
j i its purity, and even its existence and action, may be de-
i: stroyed or put into imminentdanger. No other body but it-
1 self can have the same motives to perpetuate and preserve
these attributes; no other body can be so perpetual ly watch-
ful to guard its own rights and privileges from infringement,
to purify and vindicate its own character, and to preserve
the rights and sustain the free choice of its constituents.
Accordingly, the power has always been lodged in the legisla-
tive body by the uniform practice of England and Jlmerica."
If more authority is desired on this point, I
refer to Kent's Commentaries,Tucker'?, and to all
writers on the subject. It is the uniform practice
of this country, adopted from England, to leave
the adjudication of all questions touching the elec-
tions and returns of members of legislative bodies
to those bodies themselves. The principle runs
through all our State Legislatures. It lies at the
foundation of all our representative institutions.
It is recognized even in all our voluntary associa-
tions and conventions, whether civil or ecclesias-
tical. There can be no efficient political legisla-
tive organization without it; and when the legis-
lative body, to which the question belongs, has
made its decision, there is no appeal to any other
j power. It is a final judgment rendered. It is so
with the decision of this House on such questions.
It is so with the decisions of the Senate on like
questions. It is so with the State Legislatures,
and it should be so in Kansas. If the election of
any members of the Legislature there, either of the
! House or the Council, was illegal, the proper place
| foraninquiry into it was there. And if any person
j wishing to contest those elections failed to present
I their case there before the proper tribunal, they
; cannot come here to do it. If we inquire now into
the legality of those elections for the purpose of
disregarding or invalidating the law passed by the
Legislature under which the sitting Delegate was
elected, why may we not inquire into the validity
of the law of Congress organizing that terri-
torial government, upon the grounds that some
of the members of this House who voted for it
in the last Congress were not properly elected ?
■ Or on the ground that some of the Senators who
voted for it were chosen by members of State
Legislatures not properly elected? And, this, too
on the still further ground that some of the sher-
iffs or returning officers in the State elections for
members of the Legislature perhaps were not
legally elected or qualified? If you open the
door to such an investigation as that now sought,
where are we to stop? Who can see the end of this
beginning ? Whose vision can take in the wide
extent of that vast region of uncertainty, inse-
curity, abounding in hidden unseen dangers and
perils, your course may lead to ? I hold, sir, that if
a law should be passed by the votes of members
now upon this floor who may hereafter be turned
out because of the illegality of their election, the
validity of such law so passed can never be in-
quired into either by any court of the land, or
even by ourselves, on the ground of its having
been so passed. And though a law may be
passed in a State or Territorial Legislature by
the votes of members who may afterwards be j
turned out, because of the illegality of their elec-
tion, yet the validity of such a law can never be
questioned in consequence of that fact. But if
the principle, now advocated for the first time in
our history, shall be established, and the prece-
dent be followed up, you unhinge all legislation;
you bring everything like law amongst us into
uncertainty, doubt, and confusion; you cut the
"heart-strings, ' as Coke says, of our whole
system of Government; you take the first step,
and, if it be pursued, that which will prove to be
a fatal step towards political and social anarchy.
I enter my protest here this day against it.
I repeat, sir, these are grave questions. I give
you, Mr. Speaker, and tl e members of the House,
as my fellow-judges in this matter, my views of
the rules which should govern us in the judgment
we are to render in this case. Weigh them as
they deserve, and give them such consideration as
they merit. 11
Hut, the gentleman at my right, [Mr. Kunkel.1 1
who addressed us yesterday, asked, if the alle<*a- 1
ns jtru® as here made, that a set of usurpers
assumed to be the Legislature of the Territory,
are we to be bound by that assumption ? I say
♦*?' n°' - 5° ntenance of any usurpation
and the exercise of prerogatives, not duly belong-
| ing to any body of men, even ourselves, is what
I am against. There must be something more
than a bare assumption of legislative authority to
entitle the acts of any body of men to be recog-
nized as emanating from a body clothed with
power to make laws. The law-making power of
this country must rest upon some better showing
than bare assumption. It must come into being
in the proper and legally constituted way. This
is well understood in America. We are not by
any means legitimists, in the European sense of
the word; but we recognize that government as
legitimate which springs into existence by the
will of the people, as expressed under the forms
of law passed by the regularly-constituted author-
ity of the land. A government so presenting
itself we regard not only as the government of the
people de facto, but de jure.
And now, sir, how is it with regard to this
Legislature of Kansas? We have a law of Con-
gress authorizing it. It is familiar to all. That
law organized the Territory of Kansas; that law
permitted the people there, under the direction
j of the Governor, to hold elections for members
of the Territorial Legislature, with power to pass
laws regulating the election of a Delegate to Con-
gress. This organic law of the Territory ema-
nated from ourselves. This law we are' bound
to recognize. A Governor was appointed in pur-
suance of it. The Governor, the judiciary, the
whole machinery of the government there was
legally constituted by ourselves, by Congress;
and the forms prescribed, through which this ter-
ritorial body exercising legislative functions came
into existence, emanated from the highest author-
ity known to us under the Constitution. These
facts are admitted. No person questions the pub-
lic law creating the Territorial Legislature. No-
body questions the legal appointment of Governor
Reeder. Nobody questions the proclamation he
issued to hold an election on the 30th of March,
1855, for a Territorial Legislature in pursuance
of our law. These are all admitted facts. If any-
thing irregular, then, attended the election of its
members, it presented a question to be inquired
j into and adjudged by the proper authority just as
| similar matters are inquired into and settled in
i other elections of legislative bodies—just as we
[ inquire into such matters pertaining to our own
organization._ When, therefore, it is admitted
that an election for members of the Territorial
Legislature was held in Kansas on the 30th of
March, as stated in pursuance of law, under the
direction of the legally-constituted authorities of
the country, we are bound to recognize the body
so coming into life as legitimate in its origin. It
certainly did not spring from usurpation; nor does
it rest its claims of legitimacy upon bare assump-
tion. It had its birth in a legal way.
But here comes the argument from the other side
that it was spurious, because the members who
constituted it were not properly elected in con-
formity to the laws under which it was created.
Well, sir, that was a judicial question to be set-
tled and determined by the lex parliamenti, ac-
i cording to the authorities I have cited, and the
| universal practice of this country in like cases.
It does not come within the purview of the pow-
ers of this House to settle that question. It was
an inherent right in the Houses of the Kansas
Legislature to judge and decide upon the quali-
fications, elections, and returns of their own
members respectively. This power, says Story,
by universal practice in England and in this
country, is lodged in every legislative body to
determine for itself. It is, indeed, one of the
vital functions of the organism. The question
was a judicial one, which somebody was to de-
termine; and what body was it? The courts
of the country (s^y all the authorities) cannot
take cognizance of it. Governor Reeder, as it
appears from the papers before us, insisted that
it was his right, under the law empowering him
to prescribe the rules governing the election, to
decide it; and the two Houses of the Legisla-
ture insisted that it was their parliamentary and
legal right to decide it. My opinion1 s, that the
Houses were correct in their position. But, be
that as it may, the merits of the question before
us are not affected by it either way; for, if
Reeder, as Governor, had the right, it is an
admitted fact that, out of twenty-six members
