1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1791
from Ohio. If the gentleman desires to abrogate
the laws of that Territory, let the Committee on
Territories bring forward a bill to meet the ques-
tion. Were such a bill brought forward, 1 should
oppose it, for 1 am in favor of permitting the
people of Kansas to legislate for themselves. If
any of these laws are bad laws, let them, at the
ballot-box, elect men who will change and modify
them. It' any of them are unconstitutional, the
courts will so pronounce them to be. That is my
position upon that question. But let not those
who differ with me on this point load down the
appropriation bills with amendments of this char-
acter. I believe that it is out of order, and that
the Chair decided right in excluding it, and that
the House decided wrong in overruling that
decision.
Mr. GROW. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words, " until Congress
shall have enacted that it was or was not a valid
Legislative Assembly, chosen in conformity to
the organic law, by the people of said Territory."
It is certainly a strange doctrine, that Congress
forms a government for the people, regulating
their elective franchise, restricting their legisla-
tive powers, and throwing around them safe-
guards and protections, and then has no power
to see that its actitfn is faithfully executed.
Mr, HOUSTON. The gentleman is not ex-
plaining his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN, The gentleman will con-
fine himself to explaining the amendment which
he has offered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman's
remarks are not pertinent to the amendment.
Mr. GROW. Certainly they are pertinent, for
this reason. That amendment proposes to re-
strict the action of the Army until Congress
shall have acted on the subject of these laws. I
propose to show here, that while Congress may
have the right to do that which is proposed, I do
not think that in this case it is proper and expe-
dient for it to do so; and that is the application
which I propose to make of my remarks. It is
the bounden duty of Congress to protect the citi-
zens of the Territory in oil the rights guarantied
to them by the organic law forming their gov-
ernment—to protect them from violence within,
and usurpation from without. It is a strange
doctrine indeed, sir, that a portion of the people
of one State can invade the rights of the citizens
of your Territories—relying upon your protec-
tion; and that when the people whose rights have
been so trampled on appeal to you—the only power
on the face of Gods earth that can give them
redress—you should meet that appeal by saying
that you have no jurisdiction, that they must
overthrow the despotism and usurpation imposed
upon them m the best way they can, and that
they can have no remedy from you. The only
peaceable redress that can be given is by Con-
gress. An act of Congress is the only mode by
which the people of a Territory who have been
borne down by non-residents, and their rights
trampled on, can have their rights vindicated and
their wrongs redressed. Yet, in the Hall of the
American Congress, men who voted for the organic
law to protect these people, who have regulated
their franchise, and restricted their legislative
powers, say that they have no power to redress
their wrongs, however great. A despotism may
be established, then, many Terntory by usurpa-
tion of non-residents, as odious as any that ever
existed under the sun, and there is no power in
the United States Government to redress the
wrongs of that people.
Now, sir, every one knows that the usurpation
in Kansas was a flagrant one—that it was a vio-
lation of all rights secured by the organic act;
and yet it is proposed that the Army of the United
Suues shall be used to enforce upon an unwilling
people those enactments imposed upon them by
fraud and violence, and we are told that Congress
has no power to redress the wrongs of this people.
They are told that they must rely on their own
rightarra againstunequal numbers. Ten thousand
men might invade the Terntory of Kansas, armed
and equipped, from Missouri, to override her cit-
izens at the ballot-box. Suppose there were only
three thousand able-bodied men in the Territory
when such an invasion was made; would an
American representative stand up and proclaim
to the country that Congress has no power to
redress the wrongs of the citizens of Kansas?
When, in the bay of Smyrna, one single man was
kidnapped by a foreign Power, and attempted to
be dragged ofF and incarcerated in a dungeon,
there was a power there in the arm of the Gov-
ernment to rescue and protect him; but Amer-
ican citizens, in the heart of the American Repub-
lic—on American soil—under the protection of
the flag of the country—have no redress against
wrongs more odious than those which Austria
attempted to inflict uportffCoszta. That is the doc-
trine which is claimed here—that American cit-
izens, on their own soil—under the protection of
their own flag—under the protection of the guar-
antees of the Constitution of the Union—have no
protection against violence and wrong, unless
their numbers exceed those of the invaders. *
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEPHENS. I have certainly advocated
no such doctrine as the gentleman [Mr. Grow]
attributes to mc in his argument. I did not ad-
vocate the doctrine that any American citizen is
to be subjected to wrong without any redress.
If the gentleman supposes, from anything I said,
that I entertain any such opinion, I utterly dis-
claim and repudiate it. If the people of Kansas
have been subjected to any wrong, they have the
same redress as the people of any other section
of the country have. They cango into the courts.
They can appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States in any matter affecting their con-
stitutional rights under the organic law which I
voted for. They can bring up an appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States—they have
the same protection that the citizens of Pennsyl-
vania have. What I said that we had no juris-
diction over is this: that Congress has no right to
inquire into, and pronounce judgment upon, the
validity or legality of the organization of the Ter-
ritorial Legislators. I say that Congress have the
power to repeal the organic act if they see fit; to
wipe it out of the" statute-book if they see fit.
Congress have got the power to pass another ter-
ritorial bill if they see fit. But I say I am op-
posed to the exercise of any such power. I am
m favor of the territorial act as it stands. I be-
lieve it was a wise act and a proper act; and that
if its operation had not been obstructed by those
who were opposed to it m the beginning, and be-
fore it passed, it would have operated wisely and
peacefully, and we would have heard no com-
plaint from Kansas to-day, any more than we
hear from Nebraska.
Now, to the main point—that is as to the Ter-
ritorial legislation. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says that the majority of the people in
Kansas have been oppressed by the minority in
consequence of some laws that have been passed
by the Legislature, constituted illegally, as he
asserts 
Mr. GROW, (interrupting.) Not by a ma-
jority of the residents of the Territory, but by
men from another State—strangers to the Terri-
tory—who imposed these laws.
IVIr. STEPHENS. Mr. Chairman, I state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that there is
no evidence of that fact. Take this volume—of
eleven hundred pages, and over—that has been
compiled by the committee of investigation and
printed, and there is no evidence m it that a sin-
gle election for members of the Territorial Legis-
lature was carried by non-residents, over a ma-
jority of the citizens of the Territory voting at
the election. Tin-re is no evidence that a single
poll was carried by persons proven not to be
entitled to vote. There is evidence in several
cases of illegal voting, such as that at Lawrence,
Bloommgton, and others; but in all these cases
the evidence is conflicting and contradictory.
But even at Lawrence—the strongest case—the
evidence altogether does not establish the fact
that, if there had been no illegal voting at all,
the result would have been different. The elec-
tion at Lawrence, however, was set aside by the
Governor. But how was it in the case of the
seventeen members of the Legislature whose
election was not contested at alP How was it
that Governor Reeder ratified and affirmed them,
and gave certificates to those elected—constitut-
ing a majority of the House of Representatives
and also the Council? These elections were
conducted by men appointed under his procla-
mation, and the judges of election themselves
certified that the members returned were duly
elected 
Mr. SHERMAN, (interrupting.) Do I under-
stand the gentleman to say that, in regard.to these
seventeen members whom Governor Reeder set
aside, there was no evidence to show that the
elections were unfair?
Mr. STEPHENS. What I said was, that if
there were any charge against the fairness of their
election, why did not Governor Reeder set them abide
at the beginning, as he did at Lawrence and a few
other places? He did not set those seventeen
aside, but affirmed them; there was no complaint
against them. But I now say to the gentleman
that there is no evidence, in the mass collected by
the committee, that a single member of the Legis-
lature was elected either by force or violence—
not a single one; and no evidence that establishes
the fact that the result would have been different
if no illegal or non-resident votes had been cast.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would state in reply, that
the report of the minority of the committee ad-
mits that, in regard to the fi#h district, where
there were two councilmen and four representa-
tives elected by the pro-slavery party, there were
a majority of free-State men in that district.
That is perfectly clear, and has not been contro-
verted by a single witness.
Mr. STEPHENS. Thereisnoevidence,how-
ever, that that election was carried by force or
violence, or that a majority of the actual resi-
dents voting were free-State men. There may
have been a majority of free-State men in the dis-
trict; but what of that, if they did not vote, or
were not prevented from voting? That is, I be-
lieve, the only district in which, according to the
minority report, the evidence goes to show that
there was a majority of free-State men in the dis-
trict—not of those voting, but residents. The
testimony is conclusive, that less than eight hun-
dred free-State men voted in the entire Territory*,
while the census shows there were two thousand
nine hundred and five residents there in February
before, to say nothing of immigration up to that
time. Now, this whole volume of eleven hundred
pages shows no fact to controvert this statement,
that less than eight hundred free-State men voted
on that day throughout the Territory; less than
a third of the votes in February, according to the
census. If all the illegal votes, then, be stricken
out, there is no evidence that the result would
have been different.
My opinion is, that this whole outcry is nothing
but clamor—clamor in the beginning, clamor
throughout. Hence, I have been willing, at all
times, to submit the question to the free and fair
expression of the popular will of that Territory.
If the voice of the people of that Territory be
with the gentleman and against me, I shall yield.
But to no bare clamor shall 1 ever yield 
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike out so much of
the amendment submitted by the gentleman from
Ohio as proposes to disarm the militia in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, and so much as proposes the
employment of the Army of the United States in
the State of Missouri to keep open the national
highways.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the amendment submitted
by thegentleman from Ohio, in both particulars to
which my amendment relates, violates the Con-
stitution of the United States, which heand I have
sworn to support. "The right of the people to keep
and bear arms shall not be infringed" is the lan-
guage of the Constitution, and yet it is proposed
that the militia of Kansas shall be disarmed, as if
the people of that Terntory were in a state of rebel-
lion. I deny your right to disarm them, in their
present condition, and preserve the Constitution
inviolate. The arms in the hands of the people of
Kansas are private property, and belong to the peo-
ple who possess them. By the lawupon our stat-
ute-book, the people subject to military duty are
required to provide themselves, and at their own
expense, with suitable arms for military service;
and how can you compel the people to give them
up? By what authority do you take private prop-
erty from the citizen ? This you are compelled to
do if you disarm the militia of that Territory. But
again, a few arms have been distributed to that
Territory for the purpose of arming its militia.
Are these the arms which the gentleman desires
to recall? Those arms may have been distributed
to the militia in pursuance of the laws of that
