918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 15,
companies -which own apparatus, paid for out of
their own pockets.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania inform me what proportion of the
expenses of the fire department is paid for by the
city, and what out of the national Treasury?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not know. All this
company asks for is enough to enable them to
build this new house, and no more, and I do not
think anything more will ever be asked for.
Mr. STANTON. The information I ask for
ought to be given, and until it is given I am not
willing.to vote this appropriation.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I think it is due to
the House that a simple statement should be made
of the reasons which induced the Committee of
"Ways and Means to recommend a non-concur-
rence in this amendment of the Senate. In the
first place they recommended it because it is not a
deficiency, and for that reason had no right to be
put into this bill. It is not to supply any defi-
ciency whatever in the appropriations of last year.
The questions propounded by the gentleman from
Ohio show the propriety of the rule adopted by the
committee, which was, that all original proposi-
tions'ought to come up as original measures, so
that they may be discussed, that information may
be given, and that correct conclusions may be
arrived at in reference to them.
But there was another reason why the com-
mittee recommended a non-concurrence, or at
least it operated upon my mind, and that was
that the improvement of this public square and
the removal of this engine-house are wholly un-
necessary. At the last session of Congress, an
appropriation of $5,000 was made for the orna-
ment of this square. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior did not carry out the provisions of that
appropriation, and did riot expend the money,
because before the square could be ornamented
it was necessary to remove this engine-house.
If you take away this house the propriety is
manifest of providing another, in order that the
fire company may have a place in which to keep
their engine; but you cannot devote this.square to
any better purpose than that for which it is now
used, and by refusing to make this appropriation
you will save the $5,000, and not only that, but
in my judgment you will save the appropriation
of §5,000 made at the last session. This square
ought not to be improved. It is usefully improved
by this engine-house now, and I am not in favor
of doing away with a useful improvement at an
expense of $10,000 to make way for an orna-
mental one. I hope the recommendation of the
Committee of "Ways and Means will be concurred
in, and that the Senate's amendment will not bo
agreed to.
Mr. ST ANTON, by general consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to increase (he
appropriation five dollars. / understand that the
corporation of this city have expended, during
the last three years, $20,000 for the maintenance
and repair of the apparatus of these fire com-
panies. The corporation own four, and the Gov-
ernment three engine-houses, and no expense
whatever is paid by the Government for the re-
pair of the apparatus. I understand that the cor-
poration has paid all such expenses; and all that i
this company asks is that the Government will :
place them in the same situation as they find them )
in now, when it is proposed to take their engine-
house away from them. They have given their ,
services, and risked their lives 111 the preservation j
of the property of the citizens and of the Govern-
■ mcnt, and all they ask is that you will enable
them to place their apparatus m some suitable
situation, where they will be able to continue
their services to the city and to the Government.
But the gentleman from Georgia says that this
is not a deficiency. I ask, why is it not a defi-
ciency? The Secretary of the Interior himself
says that lie has postponed the improvement of
tins square, because he could not build an engine-
house. He had not money enough to doit. That
proves that there is a deficiency, not perhaps in
the sense in which it is undurstood by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, but it is a deficiency
to all intents and purposes, as much, and more
so, than that was the other day, when we appro-
priated j>300,000 for the defense of the Pacific
coast; and it is just as important to protect the
property of the city against the ravages by fire,
as it is to protect the citizens of Oregon against
the incursions of the savage tribes.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. What deficiency does
the gentleman allude to ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I will not call it a defi-
ciency, but it was urged, because it was wanted,
that it should be voted; and I ask the committee
to vote this appropriation because this amount is
wanted for the purpose of protecting our public
buildings, and because it is but justice to those
young men who have thus associated themselves
together for the protection of our public build-
ings, that you should not take away their engine-
house without giving them another.
1 now withdraw my amendment.
■The question was then taken upon the Senate
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The Clerk reported the twenty-eighth amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
For contingencies of the Army, $5,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend concurrence in that amend-
ment. I have before me correspondence showing
actual deficiencies'to that amount.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Clerk reported the twenty-ninth amend-
ment, as follows:
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, con=io"tmg of luel, forage in kind for the horses,
mules, and oxen, of the quartei master's department, at the
several military posts and stations, and with the armies in
the field ; for the horses of the first and second regiments
ofdiagoons, the companies of light artilleiy, the legiment
of mounted riflemen, and such companies of infantry as
may be mounted, and also for the authorized number of
officers'horses when seiving in the field 'and at the out-
posts ; of straw for soldiers' bedding, and of stationery,
including company and other blank bonds for tile Army,
certificates for discharged soldiers, blank forms for the pay
and quartermaster's departments, and tor the pnntm  of
division and department orders, Army regulations, and re-
ports, $460,000.
Mr. PHELPS. For the purpose of submit-
ting some explanations in reference to this amend-
ment, I move to increase the appropriation one
dollar. I hold in my hand, Mr. Chairman, mis-
cellaneous document No. 27, printed some time
ago, which gives a full explanation of the defi-
ciencies which have arisen in the quartermaster's
department. The committee will perceive by
the Senate amendment, and some subsequent
amendments, that a sum of $1,800,000 is required
for the purpose of supplying deficiencies m the
quartermaster's department. These estimates
were submitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means when the deficiency bill was under con-
sideration in the House, and when it was too
late for the committee to have them inserted in the
bill, for the bill had been reported, and the general
debate upon it had been closed by order of the
House. The Committee of Ways and Means,
considering these estimates thus submitted, were
in favor of, and would have recommended to the
House an appropriation of money for them; but,
in consequence of the late time at which the esti-
mates were received, the committee concluded to
adopt the other course, and let the propositions
be submitted in the Senate; and then, if the Senate
should adopt them as amendments, this House
would have them before it for its consideration.
It will be remembered that the estimates for the
support of the Army were submitted by the Sec-
retary of War a year ago last October, for the
year ending 30th June next. At that time there
was no anticipation that we should be involved
in difficulties with Indians. There was no antici-
pation on the part of officers of the Government
that Indian hostilities would become so great
that it would be necessary to send a force against
the Indians to repress hostilities.
But about the very time these estimates were
being submitted—a short time, however, before
the Department had information about these hos-
tilities—we found that the travelers crossing the
plains from Missouri to Oregon and California
were attacked and massacred; we found that a
mail party had been attacked, and the party mas-
sacred; and it became necessary, in the opinion
of the officers of the Government—and in that
opinion did Congress concur at the 1 ast stis^ion—
that an expedition should be sent against- the
Sioux Indians, who had been engased in these
hostilities? At the very same time a"proposition
was pending in Congress to raise volunteers for
that purpose, and^ Congress decided a.gainst it.
Congress also decided, in opposition to my own
inclinations and to my own opinion, that we ought
to increase the regular army by raising four new
regiments—two of infantry and two of ffavalry.
It was expected that these regiments would have
been recruited time enough to be used in the ex-
pedition againstthe Sioux. It turn3 out, how-
ever, that they could not be raised in sufficient
time. They were not raised in time to be used
in that campaign; and the campaign was made
entirely by the old army. There was a concen-
tration of forces on the western border, and the
quartermaster general was compelled to furnish
the expedition with transportation into the Indian
country, more than six hundred miles, where
there was nothing to subsist the animals and men
of the expedition. All supplies had to be carried
that distance, or as far as the troops went, in-
.volving heavy cost for the transportation of forage
and other supplies, and of munitions of war. 1
will ask, at the conclusion of my remarks, to
have the letter of the quartermaster general, and
also of the. Secretary of Wari read.
On the breaking out of hostilities on the Pacific
coast in the Territories so ably represented by my
friends from Oregon and Washington, [Messrs.
Lane and Anderson,] it became necessary for
additional troops to be sent to that department.
The ninth regiment of infantry was concentrated
at Old Point Comfort. It was the intention of
the Secretary of War to send that regiment to
Oregon or to the Pacific coast, but not until the
ensuing fiscal year. The transportation of that
regiment itself was attended with a cost of about
§200,000—I mean its mere transportation by
vessels to the point where it was needed. The ex-
penses occasioned by that transportation would,
it was expected, be defrayed by appropriations
to be made at this session^jpf Congress for the
next fiscal year. We have an army now com-
posed of some nineteen regiments extending over
a country larger than all Europe—and with your
Army, occupying posts scattered throughout this
vast and extended country, there arc heavy ex-
penses attendant upon it. It necessarily is so.
When you send troops to New Mexico, when
you send troops to Utah, when you send troops
into the regions of the Territories of Nebraska and
of Kansas, there are no inhabitants in those re-
gions from whom the troops can obtain supplies.
AH supplies havFtobe transported; and during
the Mexican war the cost of transportation from
Washington ranged from one hundred and forty
to one hundred and eighty dollars per thousand
pounds. So that for every pound of food con-
sumed by the army the expense of transporta-
tion exceeded the cost of the article itself. The
cost of transportation since that time has dimin-
ished, but still is attended with great expense.
Again, in moving this number of troops there
you have to carry the baggage of the army. You
have to carry with it its military supplies, its
ammunition. You have to carry with it the cloth-
ing necessary for the men, if they should stay
there twelve months. It appears the troops that
were sent on the Sioux expedition wintered at
Fort Pierre, several hundred miles above Fort ■
Leavenworth. There happened last year to be a
great difficulty in taking supplies there by water,
because the Missouri river was low; and the
Glnartermdster General's department found it in-
cumbent, in consequence of the large amount of
transport to be taken up into the Indian country,
to employ and also to buy steamboats for the
purpose of carrying supplies and troops to be
landed there—supplies not only for the small
companies there, out also for the troops quartered
at Fort Pierre. Fort Pierre had been used for a
long time as a trading station by the American
Fur Company. That company, for its own pro-
tection, and for the protection of its employes
and its immense stock of goods, had itself'erected
buildings which constituted a good defense against
the Indians; and the Government of the United
States believed that it was cheaper and better to
buy that trading post, together with all its build-
ings already prepared for use, than to subject
itself to the expense of erecting buildings for the
accommodation of the army.
Again, Mr. Chairman, all these deficiencies
arising in the quartermaster's department do not
arise out of the expenditures incurred or expected
to be incurred during this fiscal year. The quar-
termaster general expects a deficiency in his
department amounting—if I mistake not—to soma
