--o*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9.
sir, is not the assertion, that they are inimical to
your liberties, unfounded; and are not the people
who make it blinded by prejudice and bigotry ?
Why, sir, they are identified with the army of
the country. They have fougiit side by side
with your native-born citizens in every battle
that has been fought from the earliest period of
your existence as a nation, down to the present
time. They have been working in a common
cause to promote common objects—the blessing
and prosperity of this Union.
Then let me say to this House, that if they come
not here with wealth, they come with willing
hands to work, and earn their bread upon your
public works from their very commencement to
their completion. How could they have been
constructed without these men?
Mr. SAGE. I have a motion which I desire
to submit. I move that this House do now pro-
ceed to vote for Speaker, and upon that motion I
demand the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I hope the gentle-
man from New York will withdraw his demand
for the previous question, and allow the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Kelly] to proceed
with his explanation.
Mr. EUSTIS. 1 hope the gentleman from New
York will be allowed to proceed by unanimous
consent.
Several Members objected.
Mr. LETTER. I appeal to the House to with-
draw all objection, and allow the gentleman from
New York to go on with his speech.
Objection was again made.
Mr. SMITH. I move that the gentleman from
New York have permission to proceed.
The CLERK. The motion is not in order,
for the reason that a motion is pending, made by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sage,] that
the riouse do now proceed to vote for Speaker,
upon which the previous question is demanded,
and which motion will take precedence.
Mr. KELLY. 1 do not care about proceeding
further. 1 wished to deny the charges made by
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Paine,]
and by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Valk,] and having done that I am satisfied to let
the matter rest for the present.
Mr. PAINE. 1 understood that the gentle-
man from New York addressed a part of his
remarks to me. I did not hear a word he said.
A Mj'.mbeii. No matter; he only denied your
charges against the Catholics.
Mr. BOYCE. If the House will allow me, I
wish to say but a single word. I do not understand
that the resolution before the House indorses, in
effect, the opinions of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Smith,] in reference to the Cath-
olics. I differ from him entirely upon that sub-
ject. I have a very high respect for the Catholic
church, as I have for every other Christian
church.
The House then proceeded to vote the one
hundred and fifth time for Speaker, with the fol-
lowing result: Whole number of votes east, 1SS-,
necessary to a choice, 95; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received £8
William A. Riehau! on M
Ilcnry M. I'nilei S3
Alex.uulci C. M. Pennington  6
John Wilhaiiw  J
Henry Bennett  1
{Samuel Carutheis     1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For M*-. Banks—Messis. Albright, Allison. Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Ben-oti, Hmghum,Bishop, Buffiru$ton,3Jurlmp[ame,
James U. Campbell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Cnafl'ee, Claw-
eon, Coltax, Connns, Crasjm, Cumbaek, Damreil, Timothy
l)avi-, Da> , D'-an, De Witt, Dickson, DocUl, Duifee, Enine,
Flagler, Galiowaj, Giddmgs,GilbetJ,Granger, Ciow, Robert
B. Hall, ilailun, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valenune
B. Iloiton, Howaid, Huglistnn, Kelsev, Kiuir, Knapp,
Knusht, Knowlton, ICnox, Loiter, MaUeson, MeCaity,
Mi-aehum, Kilhan Millet, Moiyan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
NiehoK, Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Pearee, Pelton, Pettit,
fikr, Pnngle, ftuvianee, Robert*, Subm, Sage, Sapp, Slier-
man, Spmn°i, .Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thoimgton,
Thuiston, Todd, Trai'ton, Wade, Wake man, Waibudge,
Waluron, Cidwalader C. War-himnie, Ellihu B. WaJi-
burnc, Washburn, Wauon, Welch, Wood, Wood-
ruff, and Woodworrli.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale,
Bell. Borock, Bowie-, Bojce, Btanch, Btooks, Burnett,
Cadwaladei, Camihers, Ca^kie, Chnjrman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Ed-
mumU-on. Elliott, English. Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Hams, Herbert, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Keitt, Kelly, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshal!, Max-
well, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson,Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Gtmtman, Ruffin,
Rust, Saodidge, Savage, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott,Taylor,
Vail, Warner, Wat kins, Winslow, Daniel B. Wiight, and
John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. John P. Campbell, Carlile,
Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Ethendge, Eustis,
Evans, J. Morrison Harris, Hoffman, Kennett, Lake, Lind-
ley, Humphrey Marshal}, MilJward, Paine, Porter, Puryear,
Reade, Ricaud, Rivers, WilJiam R. Smith, Sneed, Swope,
Trippe, Underwood, Valk, and ZollicolTer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Moore, and Scott.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Bennett—Mr. Brenton.
For Mr. Oarutkers—Mr. Richardson.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Clerk, the American party
stands here as the only conservative party in this
House.
Mr. ENGLISH. What is the question before
the House?
Mr. PAINE. The question I am talking about.
I will be heard, because every other gentleman
who has desired it has been heard. The Amer-
ican party of this country opposes neither the
Democratic, nor the Whig, nor any other party;
and, as a proof of what l say, I can point you
in this Hall" to some of the most distinguished
Whigs and Democrats who are members of that
party. But the national American party has been
opposed by the Administration and the Demo-
cratic party. A man is required to swear that he
does not belong to the American party, before he
is entitled to hold any office under the Govern-
ment. Then, standing as \vc do, as the only
conservative element of the House, we would be
lost not only to our own self-respect, but we would
be negligent of our interests in the existence of
this very Union itselt, if we were to change that
position in any particular.
I repeat it, that a party has risen up here, not-
withstanding the jeers, and taunts, and insults
heaped on it. They stand before the country and
the world more firm and unselfish than any party
has ever before stood. They have been insulted
and scoffed at—ay, and the heel of tyranny has
been ground on tlium—because they dared to as-
seitwhatluis been the prevalent feeling of the
people of this Union from the organization of the
Government down to the present time. Now,
sir, I am determined to speak out, and not to
submit to these insults any longer. I toll gentle-
men that I ilo not ask any odds—political or
otherwise. I am called here, for instance, to vote
for two men; one insults me, and the other insults
the sense and propriety of the Union by pro-
claiming himself here as, par excellence, the repre-
sentative of the Abolition sentiments of the Uni-
ted States. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] stated on this floor that he was the
Representative of the anti-slavery sentiment of the
country. If there are any such men who desire
to leave the American party, let them go. They
are not conservative men. I tell those men who
have insulted us, that 1 have as little regard for
them as 1 have for any others.
i am rejoiced, sir, that this tyranny has been
exercised over us by the Democratic party and
the Administration. What a spectacle is pre-
sented by the Democratic party m this House !
We must either vote for their candidate, or they
will be willing to see the dearest interests of the
country destroyed. That is the. alternative they
have offered us. They have refused to allow us
to select one from their own ranks. They have
rejected every overture that has been made from
the conservative element of this House. And,
forsooth, they take to themselves the position of
being the keipers of the honors and the interests
of this country; that unless a man is called a
Democrat, no matter what his opinions may be,
he is unfit to he trusted with anything that con-
cerns the Government of the Republic. And I
hope, sir, that the gentlemen with whom I have
been acting, and cordially acting—those who have
made every sacrifice of feeling for the purpose of
organizing this House—will stand steadfast in the
position which they now hold. I vote for Mr.
Henry M. Fuller.
The Clprk again called the roll, and the fol-
lowing was the result of the one hundred and
sixth vote: Whole number of votes cast, 187;
necessary to a choice, 94; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received     88
William A. Richardson   62
Henry M. Fuller   27
Alexander C. M. Pennington    6
John Williams    1
Samuel Caruthers      1
Giieluist Potter.     X
Henry Bennett A..... 1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Butiington, Bur-
hngame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee,
Clawsori, Colfax, Comins, Cragiu, Cumbaek, Damreil,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Be Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dur-
fee, Emne, Flagler, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Rob-
ert B. Hall, Italian, Holloway, Thomas R. llorton, Valen-
tine B. Horton, Howard, Hugliston, KeKey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Letter, Matteson,- MeCarty,
Meaeham, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Munay,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Pearee, Pelton, Pen-
nington, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Purvuuice, Robots, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tap-
pan, Thonngton, Thuiston, Todd, Tiafton, Wade, Wake-
man, Walbudge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Waslibume,
Kihhu B Wa^hburne, J«tael Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale,
Bell, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Bianch, Brooks, Buinctt,
Cadwalader^ Caruthers, Ca-kie, Clmgman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W.Cobb, David-son, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Elliott, English, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gieen-
wood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas L.
Harris, Herbert, Houston,Jewett, Geor«e W. Jones, Keitt,
Kelly, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Maishall, Maxwell,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oiiver, Orr,
Packer, Peek, Powell, Quuinan, itufiin, Rust. Sandidge,
Savage, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Vail, War-
ner, Watkms, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V.
Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. John P. Campbell, Carlile, Cox,
Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Ethendge, Eustis, Evans,
J. Moui&on Hairi^., Hoffman, Kennett, Lake, Lindley,
Huniphiey Marshall, Milhvaid, Paine, Porter, Puryear,
Reade, Ricaud, Rivets, William R. Smith, Sneed, Swope,
Tnppe, Underwood, Valk, and Zoilb-ofter.
For Mr Pennington—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Haven, Mooie, and Scott.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Caruthers—Mi. Richardron.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Hemy M. Fuller,
For Mr. Bennett—Mi. Brenton.
Mr. EUSTIS obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. ORR, who (at half past'four o'clock, a. m.)
said: We have been in session for sixteen hours
and a quarter. The clerks arc avoir out, and the
membeis are worn out. We have now less than
eight hours until we have to reassemble in tins
Hall. I therefore move that the House adjourn.
Mr. CARLILE. It is now morning, the day
is dawning, and it is the proper time to devote
to our duties. Gentlemen of the Democratic
party have met in caucus, and have resolved that
they will not adjourn until a Speaker is elected.
I hope that we shall have the yeas and nays, so
that we may see who is for adjourning now in
day-light. _
Mr. ORR. I respectfully beg leave to with-
draw my motion, to gratify the gentleman from
Virginia. [Cries of "p-ood!" " Call the roil!'5]
Mr. EUSTIS. I gave way to the gentleman
from South Carolina, because I knew that he
intended to submit the same motion which I
intended to propose. We have been here for
sixteen hours. One third of the members are
asleep. I think we have tried this night session.
I voted against it. I knew exactly what it would
come to. We have gratified both the Democratic
parly and the Republican party in this respect, "
and gentlemen seem to vote now precisely tha
same as they did when the night session began.
1 move that, when the House adjourns it adjourn
till twelve o'clock on Friday.
Mr. CULLEN. I wish to make a single re-
mark.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Dela-
ware is not in order.
Mr. BOYCE. I move that the House do now
adjourn. I think wo have punished ourselves
long enough.
Mr. CULLEN. I wish to be heard upon that
subject.
The CLERK. Debate is out of order.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
The CLERK. The motion of the gentleman
from Louisiana has not yet been disposed of.
Mr. SNEED. I move to amend the motion
so as to make it to-morrow instead of Friday.
Mr. CUMBACK. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Clerk, I will
ask you if our Journal will show that this is
Thursday, if we adjourn now? No, sir, it will
show that it is Wednesday.
