162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 11.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
pronounced more infamous than that of Draco,
and asked whether we were bound to recognize
as valid any such law as this, and some others
he mentioned. Why, sir, there is a law in the
gentleman's own State, Ohio, that punishrs any
person who entices an apprentice to run away,
or who harbors him after he has run away.
' Whoever harbors an apprentice escaping from
the tyranny, perhaps, of his master—an orphan
boy, it may be—whoever gives him bread in his
wanderings—as the gentleman was very pathetic
I must follow him—under the Ohio law is subject
to indictment and punishment. The man that
would give one, thus in distress, shelter and a
cup of water 
Mr. BINGHAM. Did Ohio law make it a
felony? *
Mr. STEPHENS. No, sir; but it makes it a j
crime. The only difference between your law !
and that of Kansas is as to the grade of crime ;
and the extent of punishment.
Mr. BINGHAM. What law does the gentle-
man refer to ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I refer to the law in refer-
ence to apprentices, and the enticing them away.
I am not complaining of the law, but only show-
ing how the gentleman's declamation can be an-
swered. Every community, sir, must judge for
itself in all such eases, both as to the grade of
the crime and the punishment to be inflicted.
But to the gentleman, in this case, I would say
as Scotland's poet said to the " unco euid" of
his day—
by Governor Reeder himself. Here are the en-
tries:
"December 4, 1854.—The judges of the several election
districts made return ot'tlie votes polled at the election held
: on the 29tli day of November last, Cor Delegate to the House
j of Representatives of the United States, from which it
i appeared that the votes in the said several districts were as
! follows:
Districts.
First...,
Second.
Third •..
Fourth.
Fifth...
Sixth..
S I
—
. • o
■n 3 j a>
cip; ~ ,
I-- ^3 I "C y
> |£> > ifiS > >
UB-g
K I—
> .£ £ \o >
> o O 1 • 4, I * S I w — > i
. v ci ;SS c, « v o •- | ;
j< .CL, u, j c «- , ^ i O | .
!s :® !&; &
46
235
40
188 51
20 ! 6 |
7.
!_i 
9 j 2
Seventh | 597
140 1 211
63
10.5
1
" Oh, ye who are so good yourself
So pious and so holy;
Yc've nought to do but mark and tell
Your neighbor's faults and folly.
******
" Ye see your state with theirs compared,
And shudder at the nifter;
But, cast a moment's fair regard,
What makes the mighty differ
It is only on the point as to the extent of the
punishment that the Ohio laws, in this instance,
differ from those of Kansas. Now what I main-
tain is, that if any of these laws of the Territory
be not good laws or wise laws suited to the
people there, let them be changed by the people in
the regular legislative way. We belong, sir, to
a government of law; and it is the duty of every
good citizen to sustain the law as it exists, until it
is changed and modified by the proper authority, or
until he is ready for revolution. What character-
izes the United States and distinguishes us above
all other nations more distinctively than this 
that here we have a government of laws ema-
nating from those who are controlled and governed
by written constitutions? If our laws are wrong
we have but to go to the polls—to the ballot-box
—to have' them amended, corrected, and suited
to the public wants. To the ballot-box, and not
the cartridge-box, the people should go to settle
questions touching the character of their laws.
"Inter arma silent leges." If, by the Kansas law
regulating the election of a Delegate on this floor,
any person is allowed to vote who were not en-
titled to vote under their organic law, and any
such person in the late election did bo vote, and
Governor Reeder had gone into the contest, and
. " come here showing us that such illegal and
improper votes had been polled for the sitting
member, and that he had received a majority of
the legal votes of the Territory, I should not have
hesitated in doing what I could to give him the
BU,1 ^ dld "o s ch thing. He and his
friends set themselves up in opposition to the
law, denied its force and validity, and are now
 «t!Tnf|0 overthrow the only government and
system of laws in that Territory to which the
people can look with confidence and security for
theprotection of their lives, liberty, and property.
-lh" clamor, sir, about a majority of the people
of Kansas bemsopposed to General Whitfield's
election here will not do: it will not bear the test
of notorious facts. If it were so, whyhad he no
competitor at the polls? Where was Reeder that he
did not sho w his relative strength with him before
Wh&I hlS 18 !]°i theLfirst time ^at General
Whitfield was a candidate before them. He was
elected in November, 1854. At that time he had
competition. I have before me the official poll
made out and entered upon the executive minutes
Eighth
Ninth 
Tenth 
Eleventh 
Twelfth 
Thirteenth 
Fourteenth.....
Fifteenth 
Sixteenth 
Seventeenth....
16
9
o
237
31
69
130
267
222'
49
4 | 15 j
I -
7
2,258 248 } 305 i 16 2 [ 2
Deceml&r 5,1854.—On examining and collating the re-
turns, J. W. Whitfield is declared by the Governor to be
duly elected Delegate to the House of Representatives of
the United States; and same day certificate of the Governor,
under the seal of the Territory, issued to said j. W. Whit-
field of his election."
Here the number of votes appear officially and
in full, in all the election districts in thaf Terri-
tory, numbering from one to seventeen. There
is the poll, examine it—for J. W. Whitfield,
2,258; for J. A. Whitfield, which was by mistake
for his name, 248; making his real, entire vote
2,506; and for Flenniken, his highest opponent,
only 305. The whole number of votes polled
were 9,833; so that W^hitfield in that contest re-
ceived more than eight times the number of votes
polled for Flenniken, his highest opponent, who
I was the candidate of Reeder and his party, and
: who now pretend to be a majority in the Terri-
tory. At the last election'Whitfield got 2,936
| votes, without opposition.
j Mr. CRAIGE. What ha3 become of Flenni- j
ken ? I
i Mr. STEPHENS. Flenniken flunked! The j
1 last I heard of him he was on his way back east, i
where he came from. [Great laughter and ap-
plause upon the floor and in the galleries.] Fie i
has never been in the Territory since, as I have
! been informed. '
Mr. Speaker, I do not think that the investi-
gation now sought is right, for the reasons I have 1
given. I am opposed to itin toto. But if it is to be
gone into, would it not be much better to send out i
a commission, as is suggested by the minority
of the Committee of Elections? Nay, I go fur-
ther. Would it not be much better to send a com-
mittee of the House—the Committee of Elections
themsel ves, if you please ? If we are to go through
with thjs exceedingly complicated affair, would it
not be better for the committee to go to the hun-
reds and thousands of witnesses that may have
to be examined, than to bring such a "cloud"
of them to the committee ?—as the "mountain
cannot conveniently come to Mohammed, is it not
better for Mohammed to go to the mountain?"
bend the committee out there if a full investiga-
tion is what you are determined on, with the
same power in the premises; and let them make
their investigations upon the " battle grounds,"
if they are to be found in the vicinage of the
voters. If you are going a-fishing for all the
tacts in real earnest, why not make a complete
drag of it at once ? Send out the arms of your !
?.e' wide> and make a thorough haul over I
thf™ £ brLoad'«rrlt0;y> and bring to land every I
thing, whether fish, eel, or serpent?
But, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I am against I
this resolution for another reason. I am Est'
it because ,t is but a part and parcel o™a folfcv
now pursued by some men in Kansas an<F els<£
where, which cannot be looked upon in any other
light than revolutionary in its character. Gentle-
men cannot be mistaken in this particular. There
are men in Kansas who seem to have resolved on
rebellion. They were among the original enemies
of the Kansas bill. When their leaders were
beaten in this House and in the Senate, and that
great measure of sectional and national equality
was carried against and over their votes, they
betook themselves to new schemes to prevent its
potent influence in allaying agitation, and to make
it the occasion of continued strife and discord.
The Territory was not left to settlement by the
people of all the States equally and fairly, as the
laws of climate, soil, locality, production, and
population might determine; but emigrants from
distant points were stimulated, if not hired, to go
there with no purpose Imt mischief. Their main
object was not to become bonajide settlers, but to
control the first elections. In this they were
beaten, as fully appears in the present sitting
Delegate's first election which I have shown.
They were also beaten in the first election of
members to the Legislature, as appears from the
certificates before alluded to, given to the members
of that body by Governor Reeder himself. And
now, disappointed, discontented, and disaffected
at these series of defeats in their designs and ob-
jects, they are about to betake themselves to the
last resort of malcontents—a trial of physical
j force. Arms are collected—fortifications are built
j —munitions of war are provided—Sharpe's rifles
are procured—volunteers are invoked—aid and
assistance from a distance are looked for—money
is raised,and hostility against the existing legally-
constituted authorities is openly avowed. The
telegraphic dispatches of this morning announce
that the government proclaimed by the Topeka
convention is to go into operation at all hazards.
All these movements are lawless, insubordinate,
and insurrectionary. Governor Reeder may be
considered as at the head of them, the commander-
in-chief of the whole of them; and his movement
here can but be viewed as a part of his general
plan of operations. Any countenance he may
seem to receive, therefore, at our hands, can but
favor his ulterior designs. This must be all he
looks for. He cannot expect to be voted a seat
on this floor.
Now, sir, let us pause and reflect. How far in
this business do you intend to proceed ? Are you
going to back those deluded men in Kansas whom
Governor Reeder represents here, while they
stand with arms in their hands? We see by the
President's proclamation that he intends that the
laws of that Territory shall be executed, as it is
his duty to do. Now, which side are you going
to take, when Sharpe's rifles and Federal artil-
lery are brought in array against each other in
this threatened conflict ? Ought we to do any-
thing calculated to inspirit or encourage any mis-
guided portion of the people of this country to
put themselves in open, hostile, armed resistance
to the laws? What is this but treason, as ex-
pounded by our courts ? Our history, as a united
people, dates back for more than aeventy years;
and no conviction for this highest crime known to.
society has ever, as yet, marred that history. No
nation perhaps ever existed in the world so long-,
of which the same can be said. I feel the prouder
of my country because it is so; and long mav
the day be hence before, if ever, such a case
shall occur. I trust that my eyes, at least, will
! nTr[.S?,e, e llght ^ that da7 when American
i soil shall be stained with a traitor's blood. Some
persons m Kansas may have, under their delu-
raon, gone very far; but I trust that the locus
pemtentia m every such heart will be found be-
fore the last extreme step be taken. Let us be
, careful, at any rate, that we do nothing here in
this matter which may tend to encourage them
to take that step. Let it be our aim and our object
rather to "pour oil on the troubled waters."
Ours is a government of laws. Let us, then, ir 
our action in this case, set a good example, not
only to the people of Kansas, but to the whole
country, by adhering strictly ourselves to the
principles and precepts of the laws established
for the government of all our deliberations and
proceedings here. This investigation proposes
t0i, u r Uu- ,an lnclu,ry into subjects over
which I think I hare clearly shown we have no
proper or legitimate jurisdiction. Let us not.
