920
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
when they did, from the examination which they
made, they agreed to recommend, their adoption.
X will mention one item of expenditure. Gen-
eral Peraifor P. Smith, who has the command of
the Texas department, told me that during the
fiscal year preceding the last, grain was bought
at thirty-seven and at half cents per bushel, while
during the last fiscal year $1 20 per bushel had
to be paid. This caused an expenditure of more
than three-fold of that estimated for.
Mr. KELSEY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment. *
Mr. BALL. I will ask the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs whether his com-
mittee has examined these estimates; and if so,
what is the conclusion at which it has arrived ?
Mr. QUITMAN. They have not been pre-
sented to that committee. This is a proposition
for an expenditure which does not properly be-
long to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation |3,000. The difficulty in this matter
lies deeper than suggested either by our friends,
or our opponents. The difficulty is in the sys-
tem which we have adopted, ana in the manner
of treating the Indians. In the first place, to
show the nature of the policy of this Govern-
ment, if you will take one-half of the deficiency
asked for in this bill,'and give it to any discreet
man, he will protect your frontiers against the
savages better than the whole Army of the United
States can do. I merely make this expression
now, because all the experience, and all the his-
tory of this Government shows, that if you feed
those Indians, they will be quiet, peaceable, and
orderly. Such has always been the case, and
always will be. The whole difficulty then lies
in the system of maintaining an army to strike
down and murder the Indians, instead of feeding
them after we have taken their lands from them.
It reaches to the foundations of humanity, and
to the eternal principles of right and justice,
which we are endeavoring to obstruct and over-
rule by force of arms. So long as you maintain
an army, and give the President power to use it,
you will encounter these difficulties. Now, sir,
here is $1,800,000 to go in one appropriation,
which will be sunk and gone forever, and from
which no human being will receive one iota of
benefit, and yet the House refuses to make die
appropriation asked, for the construction of a
work for this city, the benefits of which Would
last for generations.
I merely rise now for the purpose of suggesting
that we are just entering upon that vast whirlpool
of expenditure which has already swelled up to
$70,000,000 annually, and of which our friends
are called upon to appropriate $35,000,000 this
year. I want our friends to look into this matter.
Had we not better strike down the army, and
enterupon asystem consonant with reason; bring
ourselves into harmony with the law of justice,
and treat those savages as we would have them
treat us under like circumstances; feed them in-
stead of making this immense appropriation to
cut their throats and murder them? If I live I
intend to introduce a proposition to reduce the
Army. But I merely make the suggestion now.
Our Government, since its foundation, has ex-
pended $400,000,000 in this way, and no man can
lay his hand upon a single benefit which has re-
sulted from it to the American people, and it never
will result to the benefit of the people.
The course I have suggested in regard to a
change of our policy is one which I beseech gen-
tlemen to contemplate. I trust that in the future
we shall adopt a system more consonant with
reason, justice, and humanity. I withdraw my
amendment.
The question was then taken on the Senate
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The next amendment of the Senate was then
read, as follows:
For the incidental expense of the quartermaster's de-
partment, consisting of postage on letters and packets re-
ceived and sent by officers of the Army on public service;
expenses of courts-martial and courts of inquiry, including
the additional compensation to judges-advocate, recorders,
membeis, and witnesses, while on that service, under the
net of March Jo, ty03 ; extia pay to soldiers employed under
the direction of the quarrermaster'^ department, in the erec-
tion ot banacks, quarters, store-hou&es, and hospitals ; the
construction of roads, and other constant labor, for periods
of not less than ten days, under the acts of March 2, 1819,
and August 4, 1804, including those employed as clerks
at division and department headquarters; expenses of
expresses to and from the frontier posts and armies in the
field; of escorts to paymasters, other disbursing officers, and
trains, when military escorts cannot be furnished ; ex-
penses of the interment of non-commissioned officers and
soldiers; authorized office furniture; liire" of laborers in the
quartermaster's department, including hire of interpreters,
spies, and guides, for the army; compensation of clerk to
officers of the quartermaster's department; compensation
of forage and wagon-masters, authorized by the act of July
5,1838; for the apprehension of deserters, and the expenses
incident to their pursuit; the various expenditures required
for the first and second regiments of dragoons, the compa-
nies of light artillery, the regiment of mounted riflemen, and
such companies of infantry as may he mounted, viz : for
the purchase of horse equipments, as saddles, bridles, sad-
dle blankets, nose-bags, iron combs, currycombs, and spurs
and straps; of traveling forges, blacksmiths'and shoeing
tools, horse and mule shoes, iron and steel for shoeing, hire
of veterinary surgeons, purchase of medicines for horses
and mules, shoeing horses of mounted corps, and repairing
dragoon and rifle equipments, $180,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment.
Mr. STANTON. I move to strike out the
word " eighty " in the last line of the amend-
ment. There is an additional curiosity about this
amendment which did not belong to the other. It
is to appropriate the sum of $180,000 made up
pretty much of sixpenny items. It is for the
incidental expenses of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, consisting of postage on letters and packets
received and sent by officers of the Army, ex-
penses of courts-martial, hire of laborers, nose-
bags, spurs, straps, and things of that sort, which
go to gentlemen of the epaulets. It docs seem to
me that the Department might have ciphered little
closer than $180,000 upon a matter of this sort.
But my object was to call the attention of the
committee to another matter. The intention of
the Constitution is that the Executive Depart-
ment shall incur no expenses, and no liabilities,
expend no money, and bind itself to the ex-
penditure of none that has not been previously
appropriated by Congress. That is the true con-
struction of "the Constitution beyond doubt, and
twenty years ago no man heard of a deficiency
bill.
A practice, however, has grown up of late years,
so far as I can understand this subject, under
which the Executive Departments seem to hold
themselves justifiable, when an appropriation is
made for a particular department of Government,
in going on and spending this money so appro-
priated with a full knowledge that it will not reach
to the end of the year—with a full knowledge that
they cannot keep within the appropriation; and
before the expiration of the year the Adminis-
tration goes on tick, incurs liabilities, contracts
debts, and when they are contracted, then the
Administration comes to the House and says,
" Here we are in a bad fix. Thereare indispens-
able expenses which we have incurred, and for
which Congress must now make an appropriation
and provide by law."
Now, sir. I protest against the whole system.
There should be a very strong ease presented—
there should be an indispensable, an overruling
necessity—there should be something beyond the
mere matter of convenience—it should not be an
every dayoccurrenee. The Administration should
not feel itself authorized to go beyond where
the appropriation made by Congress has author-
ized it to go. That appropriation has been in-
tended by Congress to be a limitation on the Ex-
ecutive, but it is no limitation at all. Here is one
arm of the public service—the military arm—and
so far from its being in the slightest degree regu-
lated by the will of the legislative department of
the Government, so far from staying its hands
when it has exhausted the appropriation made
for it, it goes on without scruple, without hesi-
tation, and contracts additional debts to the
amount of nearly $2,000,000. It is an abuse. It
is a usurpation. It is a trampling on the rights
and dignity of the legislative department of the
Government; and it is the duty of Congress, in
vindication of its own dignity, its self-respect,
and its obligation to the people, to reject them
for this reason, unless the necessity be shown to
have been overruling.
Now, i do believe these nose-bags might have
been done without. There has been no such
overruling necessity on this occasion. There has
been no call for this extraordinary excess over
the annual appropriations. I do hold*, that it is
our duty to the people, whom we represent here
especially—and as the only branch of the Govern-
ment in Which the people is fairly and truly rep-
resented—to guard their Treasury from this sort
of invasion to which it has been subjected for
ten or fifteen years past. I hope the amendment
will be non-concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
intend to reply to all the remarks made by the
gentleman from Ohio, who has just addressed the
committee; but an examination of the Senate
amendment will show the fact that the appropria-
tion asked for is made up of expenses incurred for
the erection of barracks, quarters, storehouses,
military hospitals, the transportation of troops,
the expenses of the first and second regiments of
dragoons, companies of light artillery, and the
regiments of mounted riflemen—though my friend
from Ohio sees proper to make the principal item
of this Senate amendment refer to "nose-bags"
for the horses of the mounted riflemen. Now,
sir, I do not know whether or not the gentleman
from Ohio voted for the increase of the Army
made by the last Congress, in the bill providing
for the four companies of mounted riflemen.
Mr. STANTON. I will say to the gentleman
that I was not here last Congress; and if I had
been I would not have voted for an increase of
the Army.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, that law was passed,
and it was known by every member of the House
that, if the Army were so increased, it would be-
come necessary to make an appropriation to meet
the increased expenses; and this Senate amend-
ment to the House deficiency bill is nothing more
than the natural result of the increase of the
Ajmy by that number of regiments. It Was
necessary to provide the means to pay for the
expenses incurred in equipping the troops, in
transporting them from one point to another, aa
well as for their maintenance. The Committee of
Ways and Means were not satisfied with the
items as now contained in this bill, and directed
to the proper Department a letter of inquiry,
asking for the necessary information, and it waa
furnished with all the details, which have been
laid upon the Speaker's table; and if the gentle-
man from Ohio will refer to the answer received
to that letter of inquiry, he will there find that
which will satisfy every reasonable mind in re-
gard to the propriety and necessity of this amend-
ment. It seems to me that it is the duty of the
members of the House to concur in this amend-
ment. The money has been judiciously expended
for a very necessary purpose. These are all the
remarks I desire to submit to the committee.
The question being on Mr. Stanton's amend-
ment, he withdrew it by unanimous consent.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion till we finish these amend-
ments.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not withdraw my
motion.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand tell-
ers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jewett and
Cdmback were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 65, a further count not being de-
manded.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and (Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee, having taken the chair aa
Speaker pro tempore) the Chairman (Mr. Nich-
ols) reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the amendments of the Senate to the
deficiency bill, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. CLINGMAN, (at
twenty minutes before four o'clock,) the House
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Jlpril 16, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Deas.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Commissioner of Patents,
communicating the agricultural portion of hia
