184
APPENDIX T$ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
both reason and authority, that this is untrue as
a general proposition; but that is entirely unneces-
sary in the present instance, because the very act
creating a Legislature for the Territory of Kansas
provides for its being convoked at a place different
from that which had been declared to be the temporary
seat government for the Territory. I n the twenty-
second section of the Kansas act, after providing
for the election of a Legislature and for ascertain-
ing the result of such election, it is declared that
" the persons thus elected to the Legislative As-
sembly shall meet at such place and on such day
as the Governor shall appoint."
Now, sir, these three provisions exist in the
same act—each is operative;andwhat is the neces-
sary result? It is true that the temporary gov-
ernment was established by the territorial act at :
Fort Leavenworth; and it is also equally true I
that the Governor was vested with authority to
assemble the first Legislature to be elected under
the authority of the act at any place which he |
should " appoint." Power was specially given
to him to assemble them at any point within the
■whole extent of that Territory. And then, sir,
when the Legislature was assembled at the spot
which the Governor himself fixed upon, the act
further declares that the legislative power vested
in it " shall extend to all rightful subjects of legis-
lation consistent with the Constitution of the
United States and the provisions of this act."
This shows at once that there is nothing in the
act which made it necessary for the Legislature
to assemble at any particular place; that it was
competent for the Governor to select any spot;
and it shows, too, that inasmuch as the grant
of legislative power made in the act extended to
"all rightful subjects of legislation," the Legis-
lature, when convoked by the Governor under the
authority of the act, was vested with full power
to establish a seat of government and to select its
own place of sitting.
. The other question is one of fact. It is said
that the election, under the territorial act, was
invalid, because the Legislature itself was elected
by the votes of intruders into the Territory, who
overpowered its peaceful inhabitants and excluded
them from the polls, or outnumbered them by
theirvotes. Now, what are the facts presented
in this case ? There is no evidence before this
House; there is no evidence before the committee
of any kind, unless what is contained in a memo-
rial signed by A. H. Reeder is to be considered
as evidence. It is undoubtedly the right of this.
House to decide upon the claim of any one who
presents himself, asserting that he is entitled to a
®eat upon this floor, in the capacity of Delegate j
for a Territory^ but if fie presents himself with
the ordinary evidence fbrnished by the Executive
of that Territory, in the usual manner, as proof
of his right to a seat, he is entitled to a seat, un-
less an opposing right is shown. There is not,
m the proper sense of the term, an. election con-
test before the House at this time. No individual
who was a candidate at the election has presented
himself, contesting the right of J. W. Whitfield,
the sitting Delegate. No person who was a legal
voter at that election has presented himself, con-
testing that right. The only show of opposition
to the right of Whitfield to the seat he occupies,
under a certificate of election made in due form
of law by the Executive of that Territory, is
founded on the simple memorial of A. H. Reeder.
I his memorial is not under oath. It cannot be
regarded as evidence, in any light in which vou
may please to regard it. If its statements are
false—as I believe them to be—he cannot be con-
victed of perjury in a court of justice. But sir
if it were otherwise, A. H. feeder, the memo!
rialist, upon the plainest principles of law is i
incompetent to give testimony in this case. ' j
Gentleman have alluded to the decisions of
courts. If they will only refer to the principles
with respect to the competency of witnesses
which are universally sanctioned in our courts of
justice, they will at once see that A. H. Reeder
would not be heard by any judicial tribunal in
any case involving the same circumstances. A.
.af/erDWaSL aPPointed Governor of Kansas
m 1854. By the territorial act he was vested
■with supreme legislative and executive powers,
until the machinery contemplated to exist under
me territorial government came into existence.
He was authorized to cause a census or enumer-
ation of the inhabitants and qualified voters of
the several counties and districts of the Territory.
He was authorized to district the Territory, and
to apportion the representation in the Council
■ and House of Representatives, among the dis-
tricts. He was authorized to appoint judges to
hold the elections. He was authorized to lay
down rules for their government in the receiving
of votes, and in making their returns. He exer-
cised those powers. He had a census of popula-
tionand voters taken. He districted the Territory.
He fixed the times and places of holding the first
election. Persons appointed by him held the
elections under his authority. They were gov-
erned in conducting the election by the rules
which he*himself had established. They returned
the names of the persons voted for, and the num-
ber of votes given to them respectively at the
election, to him. He received tnese returns and
declared a large majority of the members sitting
in each branch of the Territorial Legislature to
have been duly elected to their respective Houses,
after receiving the returns.
Now it is said, however, that that election of
those members was brought about by violence;
that it was brought about by armed men who
entered the Territory in hostile array, with ban-
ners flying and trumpets sounding, and took pos-
session of the polls, and filled the ballot-boxes
with their votes, in defiance of the inhabitants.
Where was Governor Reeder when this inva-
sion took place ?—this overpowering force was
exerted. _ He was then the chief magistrate of
that Territory, and he continued to be so while
the Legislature, thus elected, was in session; and
he continued to hold the same position until a
few weeks only before the election, with respect
to which this contest has arisen. Governor
Reeder was in possession of all the means for
obtaining information. The officers who held the
first election were chosen by him, and were under
his control when they made their returns. He
was then in possession of the entire legislative
and executive power of the Territory. If what
he now asserts had really transpired, it could not
have been unknown 1o him. If such occurrences
as he describes in his memorial did take place, it
must necessarily have been in the presence of the
officers who held the election, and of all those
; citizens who repaired to the places where the elec-
I tions were held for the purpose of voting; and he
must have had entire knowledge of all the facts.
If the alleged facts had had any existence, what
would have btfen the duty of Governor Reeder,
when the returns of the election were made to
h™-' Why, sir, he was bound by his oath of
office to reject the returns, and to call upon the
Executive of the United States to repress such
disorders, if the power which he wielded was
not sufficient. But he did nothing of the sort,
and approved the returns, called the Legislature
together, antl when it had assembled at the time
and place appointed by him, he recognized it as the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory. Where,
then, I ask, did Governor Reederget information
as to the facts recited by him in this memorial ?
It was not in the Territory, where they are said
to have transpired, and where all those having
any knowledge of the facts connected with the
election were to be found. It must have been in
Pennsylvania; for we all know that Governor
Keeder left the Territory of Kansas, and was
engaged during the past summerin making stump
speeches through the State; and, so far as we
know, he has scarcely visited the Territory of
Kansas since that time.
Now, Governor Reeder was perfectly silent
when it was his d uty to speak; when he was bound
by his oath of office to interfere, if what he now
alleges were true. He failed to do so. But the
moment he is removed from office, and while he
is in the State of Pennsylvania, he suddenly be-
comes ilTuminated—his mind is filled in the latter
part of 1855 with information in regard to an
election holden under his authority, and in his
Ifteen Ch,1Vh^ 6arIy parlof the same year, some
fifteen hundred or two thousand miles from the
!Le,flrst got light, and makes these al-
fewll Th,e singular increase in Governor
n r t f k"owled£.e> which has apparently grown
out of the diminution of liis means for acquiring
it, reminds me very much of an incident which
is spoken of in literature. A distinguished dra-
matic writer, a century or two ago, put into the
mouth of one of his heroes this expression:
"My wound, it is so great because it is so small."
A wit who was present at the representation
of the play in which the expression occurred, on
hearing it, at once cried out:
" It would have been greater had it, been none at all."
Now, Governor Reeder's knowledge seems to
be pretty much dependent on the principle of
these two expressions. While the Governor
was in Kansas, with the control of the executive
power of that Territory, and was in communi-
cation with the officers who held the elections
and with the inhabitants who voted at them, he
had no knowledge of any facts which, in his
judgment, would authorize him in his official
capacity to withhold the election certificates of
the members of the General Assembly not yet
in existence. But when he withdrew from Kan-
sas and returned to Pennsylvania, where he was
engaged during the summer in making stump
speeches, fifteen hundred or two thousand miles
distant from the scene of those remarkable dis-
plays, he becomes suddenly so well informed
in relation to them, that he thinks himself justi-
fied in attempting, upon their authority, to have
a government overthrown which has existed
nearly two years, and which has before sent a
Delegate to the Congress of the United States,
who claimed and was admitted to a seat here upon
a certificate that he was duly elected, signed by
Governor Reeder himself. As Governor Reeder
had no knowledge of the outrages which he now
pretends were perpetrated on the inhabitants of
Kansas at the first election holden in the Terri-
tory, while he was in that Territory as its Gov-
ernor, and as he has since, during his absence,
apparently laid in a good stock of it, is it not
likely, I would ask, that his knowledge of these
outrages would have been much greater if he had
never been in Kansas at all, or had gone further
off?
But, whatever may be the opinion upon this
subject, one thing is perfectly certain: Governor
Reeder could not be heard in a court of justice as
a witness to impeach the validity of a Legislature,
the members of which were convoked
, , ,. .~   —• ■ 011 his
summons, and held their seats only under the au-
thority of certificates that they were duly elected,
gi anted by himself. It is a principle recognized in
all courts of justice, that one who has put nis name
upon a negotiable instrument and given it cur-
rency, cannot be permitted, by his own testi-
mony, to invalidate it. If this principle obtains
with respect to a negotiable instrument when the
one who gives it currency is under a simple
moral obligation to not countenance an illegal
contract by giving the sanction of his name
to the instrument under which it is concealed,
how much more propriety is there in extending
it to a case like the present one, where the per-
son who gave the sanction of his name to the
election certificates of the members of a Legisla-
ture, was acting under an Official oath, and under
a solemn sense of high public duty? If it were
important to establish the correctness of the prin-
: "pie just referred to by authorities, it would not
j be difficult to cite hundreds of them from our
' reports of adjudicated cases. This, however, is
not necessary; and I will mention but a single
i case (Bank of United States vs. Dunn, 6 Peters,
' L ' 1" „ ch the principle is broadly laid down
i Supreme Court of the United States.
1 he reason for the adoption of such a princi-
ple in the investigation of private rights before
courts of justice, is obvious. It is the result of
that innate fear of being imposed on by false-
hood, which all men feel when any one who is
known to have been on both sides of any ques-
tion cornes forward to speak upon it; and the
action of judicial tribunals in refusing to hear
persons so situated, as witnesses, is precisely anal-
ogous to that of the Satyr in the fable, who thrust
forth the stranger he atfirst received into his dwell-
ing, because he warmed his hands with the same
breath that he cooled his soup with.
I have no personal knowledge of Governor
Reeder s conduct m this business; and my opin-
ion with respect to his competency aa a witness
