1704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
and it behooves the people of the country to look
well to their interests before it shall be too late
to avert tho evil which these revolutionary pro-
ceedings would seem to indicate.
The question was then taken on Mr. David-
son's amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Sherman's
amendment.
Mr. PHELPS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Houston
and Sapp ;were appointed. t
Mr. DUNN. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
to accept the following, as a modification of his
amendment: After the word " Missouri," add
the words,*4 or elsewhere," so as to make the
amendment read, " to protect persons and prop-
erty therein, and on the national highways m the
State of Missouri or elsewhere, from unlawful
seizures or .searches." _
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection; I
accept that.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 80, noes 47.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer the following amend-
ment from the Committee on Military Affairs:
After the one hundred and thirty-fourth line insert as
follows:
To enable Thomas II. Barlow, of Kentucky, to man-
ufacture one of his newly-mveutcd rifle cannon, for the
purpose of testing the feasibility of their use in the mihtaiy
and naval service of the country, $3,000, to be paid to said
Barlow liom time to uirie, as he piogiesses iu the manufac-
ture of the same: Provided, Said camion be not of ie-=s cali-
per than a twelve-pounder: Jlnd provided further. That the
xaid Bai low give good and sufficient security to the Sec-
rotary of VV.tr for the faithful c\pcndituie of the money
lieieby appiopuatcd in the constiuctum of s>aul caui)on.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following clause having been read:
For arsenals, including the pmcltase of site-* for now
arsenals of deposit m Texas ami New Mexico, and lot the
erection of suitable magazines and other ai^enal buildings
in Texas., in California, in Washington or Oregon Territory,
and in New Mexico, $239,157—
Mr. SAGE. I move to amend by increasing
the appropriation $100. I make the proposition
for the purpose of getting in a letter which I re-
ceived this morning in relation to the difficulties
in Oregon.
Mr. PHELPS. I shall object to the reading
of the letter.
Mr. LANE. Read it; I want to have it read.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to its being
published.
Mr. LANE. I ask to have it road.
The following letters were then read:
Camp at Fort Orford, Orfoon,
June 24,1856.
Dear Major: Fince my last to you, f have parsed
through a variety of scenes—have had * ome rotitrh and
some jolly times, and have met with a variety of incidents.
During the last three months we have accomplished a great
deal—inn over moie mountains, and cro^t d more bfre.un^,
than perhaps any similar body of men in tins or any other
country, and, I am happy to report, have done so to some
purpose. The Rogue River war has in that time boen
effectually closed, much to the suipri«e, I fancy, of very
many, and to the ie«ret of a few, particularly that cl<u>s
•who have been living upon rations pmeha?.ed by Oregon
scrip, and drawing their four dolkus per diem m the same
species of paper; all of which is \ery good, I suppose,
(over the left.) There has been considerable fight ng, and
much loss of life, particularly on the part o{ our enemies,
who have had their numbers reduced at least one bundled.
Our loss has beeu inuen Jess—about twelve killed and
thirty-five wounded. 1 speak, of course, of the legulars,
for we have nothing to do with the volunteers. The terms
upon which the Indians have surrendered are, that tiiey
give up their arms and consented to be removed to a re-
servation prepared tor them near the Willamette liver.
The number of Indians who have accepted ihe<e terms
are, about fifteen hundred—Indians, too, which have been
troublesome for the last ten veais. The countiy they va-
cate is rich in gold, and will now be thoroughly worked.
Jt has also some agricultural advantages, winch will neces-
sarily be made use of. I leave heie m a few days with a
party of about four hundred of the red skins, and escort
them to their new homes. I shall have about one bundled
men and three officers for the escort. I anticipate making
the journey-(three hundred nnles) in something le<s than a
mouth. The numbers of women and children will neces-
sarily compel me to move slowly.
In haste, your fiiend, DE L. FLOYD JONES.
Benicia, California, July 3, 1836.
My dear Sir: i wrote you by the mail of the 5th of
June, wheal inclosed you a communication touching Gen-
eral IiHttej a copy of which I sent to the Intelligencer for
publication.. Jt contained incontrovertible facts- relating to
the conduct of the whites towards the Indians. £ also wrote
you by the mail Which left on the 20th of June, all which
L could hope might have reached you.
The steamer Columbia, is in from Oregon, bringing me the
gratifying intelligence that the .Indian wai m Oiegonand
Puget's Sound is at an fend. Lieutenant Colonel Casey,
commanding in Puget's Sound, says, in a communication
of the 20th of June, that the war in tft'at region " is certainly
finished," but mav be renewed by the citizens and Gov-
ernor Stevens's troops, which aie still kept in the field,
killing the friendly Indians, which has recently been of too
frequent occurrence.
Lieutenant Colonel Buchanan, commanding in southern
Oregon, reports, the 24th of June, that the Indians m
thatTiegioa have surrendered at discretion. They are on
their way to the coast reservation, where they will be pro
tected against the whites by regular tioops commanded by
intelligent, experienced, and humane officers. It will be
recollected that the war in Oregon existed nowhere but in
southern Oregon. The war, therefore, is at an erirl m that
Teirifory. General Lane may say that Oregon extends to
the Walla-Walla country. So it docs; but there are no
settlers there, and I believe only one lived about twenty-five
or thirty miles from Fort Walla-Walla. Atali events, there
are no white inhabitants in that region, save Canadians and
half-breeds, who are in no fear of the Indians.
Colonel Wright, of the ninth infantry, is in the Yockama
country, with eleven well-piepared companies, where,
however, there aie no settlers or white inhabitants to pro-
tector defend. He leports that he will veiy soon bringthe
Indians to tetms, or drive them out of the country.
So >ou perceive that my " plans," notwithstanding the
condemnation of General Lane, Governors Curry und Ste-
vens, have succccdcd to a charm. I have little doubt that
in less than four months' service the troops could take the
field, the war in all parts of my department will be closed,
it is now cpased in the settled parts. You can say to Gen-
eral Lane I can yet give him some, useful lessons in con-
ducting an Indian war. He has lent a too willing ear to those
who^e" interest U was to bestow upon me the basest false-
hoods and slander," whose edge is sharper than a sword;
who>e tongue more venomous than all the worms of tiie
Nile ; whose breath rides on the posting winds, and doth
belie all corners of the woild." I have not done with these
gentlemen, who^e bold att"mpt, suipnssing all others, to
plunder the Treasury of the United States, not of a few
hundred thousand dollars, but of seveial millions, under
the pietensc of cnnch'iig the people of the Tenitoiies.
Tho, scrip as I am infos tned, is selling fiom fifteen to thirty
cents m the humh'Hl. This, 1 >uppose, the two Governois,
who would he mihtaiy clncftani<, call a god-send to the
people, it may be to the nionev speculatoi>, but not to the
people. In a shoit time the scnp. amounting to several
million*, will b,1 m the hands of a lew. These, no doubt,
\v:il be knocking lomid at the doors of Conaicss. Wc shall
see u liar w ill come of ir. Governor Stevens is still keep-
ing a small army of several hundied m the field, when
there is no inuie need of tneiu m Washington Terutory
than at tho citvof Washington.
I should be pleased to hear from you. In the mean time
I icmain truly joins, JOUjN E. \\ OOL.
Mr. LANE. Mr. Chairman, the army occu-
pies a position towards the citizcns of this coun-
try which, m my opinion, is unjustifiable, and
ought not to be; and, with a view of bringing
the matter directly before the House, I propose
to offer an amendment. Sir, I am tired of the
army. 1 hold that the army has become the
greatest curse that we have in this country. The
greatest danger we have to apprehend is from the
army. It has taken a position above the citi-
zens—above the people of the country; they have
no sympathy with the people of the country.
They will stand coolly by, and heed not the suf-
ferings of our women and children tied to the
stake, the faggot applied; and instead of protect-
ing them, sympathize with the savage, blame the
settlers for bringing on the war, and begrudge
the protection tiioy are entitled to. Wc had bet-
ter nd the country of such an army by disband-
ing them.
Mr. KNOX. I rise to a question of order;
there is no question before the committee upon
which the gentleman can speak.
Mr. LANE. Very well; I send uf> the follow-
ing amendment, and I shall be entitled to five
minutes upon it. I move the following:
That all laws now in foiee authorizing the raising, organ-
izing, and equipping of the several regiments of infantry and
cavalry or dragoons, now m the service of the United Slates,
be, and the same are hereby, repealed ; and that it shall be
the duty of the President to cause said regiments to be mus-
tered out of service.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. That amendment provides for
general legislation.
Mr. LANE, I hope the Chair will not rule
that amendment out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is out of order.
Mr. ANDERSON. I move the following as
an amendment to the bill:
For pay, commutation of clothing, subsistence, forage,
transportation, ami all neces^arv commissary, quarter-
master, and medical stores of volunteeis called out and
regularly mustered into the service of the United States
duurm the existing war with the Indians in Oregon and
Washington Termories, a sum not exceeding the sum of
§£uO,OUO.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I must raise the same
question of order. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Washington provides for general
legislation.
Mr. ANDERSON. Why, Mr. Chairman, I
framed that amendment purposely to avoid a
question of order. It provides for troops regu-
larly mustered into the service of the United
States, and it must be in order, under existing
laws, to pay for them.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is a law providing
for the payment of these volunteers, the Chair is
not aware of it; and, unless the gentleman can
refer the Chair to some law of that character, he
will be compelled to rule the amendment out of
order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment:
After these words: "For surveys for military defenses,
geographical explorations,reconnoissances,for mihtaiy pur-
poses, $20,1)00," insert as follows :
For the purchase and repair of instruments, $1,500.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after line one hundred and
forty-three:
For the purchase of a site for a national armory at the
falls of the Ohio,m such place as the Secretary of War may
select, §50,000.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I rise to a question of
of order. We have passed the portion of the bill
where it is proposed to insert the amendment, and
it is not in order to go back.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any existing law
authorizing the appropriation?
Mr. MARSHALL. There is not, and it
is exactly such a law I wish to get passed.
[Laugh to r.]
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is out
of order.
Mr. MARSHALL. Is there any existing law
to authorize the appropriation just adopted on
motion of the gentleman from Ohio?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is to carry out exist-
ing laws.
Mr. MARSHALL. Was the appropriation
of $3,000 for experiments with a certain cannon
to carry out existing laws?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call the gentleman to
order; his amendment is decided to be out of or-
der. It was time to make objection to the amend-
ment to which he has referred, when it was up for
consideration.
Mr. MARSHALL. I dislike to appeal from
the decision of the Chair, but I like to see con-
sistency m a deliberative body.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Debate is out of
order.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will not press my
amendment at this time. [Laughter.]
Mr. LANE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For pay, commutation of clothing, subsistence, forage,
transportation, and all necessary commissary, quarter mas*
ter and medical stores, of volunteers called out under
existing laws, and regularly mustered into the sejvite of
the United States, duriiij? the existing war with the Indians
in Oregon and Washington Territoues ; and that the
Seetetaiy of War be auihonzed and directed to pay the
same out of any moneys in the Tieasury not otueiwise
appropriated.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man to point out the existing laws which call for
volunteers in that country. There are none that
I am aware of.
Mr. LANE. If there are no existing laws, it
is clear the amendment will not appropriate any-
thing. If there are, it is right and proper.
The CHAIRMAN. If there are no existing
laws authorizing the amendment, it is out of
order.
Mr. BALL. I offer the following amendment:
After these words: "For the Post Office extension,
£300,000," insert as follows:
Piovided. That from and after the 15th day of November,
1858, the general supervision of the Post Office and Capitol
extensions shall be transferred ft om the Secretary of War
to the Secretary of the Interior ; nor shall it be lawful to
continue in service, after the said loth day of November,
1856, or to employ thereafter, as superintendent or architect,
any officer m commission m the military seiviccof the
United States, for either of these buildings, or for any other
public buildings, excepting only such as peitain to the mil-
itary defense or the country.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I raise a question of order
on the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is clearly
out of order.
Mr. BALL. My purpose is well understood,
