1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1795
and I will not enter into a controversy on a point
of order.
Mr. CRATQE. Is debate in order?
Mr. BALL. I move to strike out of the bill the
words For the Post Office extension $300,000.''
Mr. Chairman, some months ago I delivered a
speech in this House relative to the construction
of the public buildings. X detailed certain facts
with which I became acquainted in my investiga-
tion into the subject. The House adopted a res-
olution shortly afterwards, calling on the Presi-
dent of the United States and the Secretary of
War for certain information in relation to the
Post Office extension. More than two months
have elapsed since it was passed, and yet the
Secretary of War has not furnished the informa-
tion called for. Upon a subsequent occasion,
when the Committee on the Public Buildings and
Grounds addressed a letter to the Secretary of
War, asking for some additional information, he
returned an answer, that he did not think proper
to give us the information, unless it was called
for by a resolution of the House. The House
subsequently made £ call for that information,
and they have not got it yet. I believe, before
the passage of that resolution, the gentleman
from* New York [Mr. Prixgle] offered a res-
olution calling upon the War Department for the
information; and that resolution has not been
answered fully up to this day.
Now, I hold that there is no necessary, no
proper, no legitimate, connection between the
War Department and the construction of these
buildings; not- do I think that the economy of the
service is secured by this connection. These mil-
itary officers are responsible to nobody except the
Secretary of War, or to the military courts.
They give no bonds, and regard no law, when it
does not subserve their purpose to do so. There
is a law requiring them to make all their pur-
chases by contract—a lawwhich was introduced
into the Senate in 1852, by Mr. Borland, I be-
lieve, in connection with some investigations into
the Capitol extension. That law is totally dis-
regarded, and 1 think it is high time that this
branch of the service should be taken from the 1
War Department, where it does not belong, and
be placed, under the charge of the Secretary of
the Interior, where the law organizing that De-
partment contemplated it should go.
1 therefore more to strike out the appropriation
of $300,000, with a view to offer it hereafter to
some other appropriation bill, with this instruc-
tion appended.
Mr. QUITMAN. I concur with the gentleman
from Ohio in the general principle, that the offi-
cers of the Army should not be employed in the
construction of public buildings, but I cannot
agree with him in the reasons assigned by him
for the objection. I deem it my duty, having had
some knowledge of the employment of officers of
the Army on civil duties, to say that I do not doubt
that, when the Government has employed them
outside of their regular and professional duties
to superintend the construction of buildings ap-
propriated to civil purposes, it has been done from
a motive of economy, though I am not prepared ;
to say that, upon the whole, it really promotes
economy. Perhaps the gentleman from Ohro,
who may be better informed on this matter from
having investigated the subject, may be right in
the belief that true economy is not consulted by
the employment of military officers in the con-
struction of these buildings. As a member of the
Military Committee, I had intended, at the proper
time, to suggest the propriety of discontinuing i
the practice of employing officers of the Army in ,
the construction of civil works. But it is not ;
because I have the slightest distrust in their capa- [
cityorintegrityinthisparticular. Imustsay,from :
my own experience and observation, that if there
be any class of men whatever in the country who
arc entitled to the confidence of the country, they j
are entited to it for their honor and then-integrity. ;
This is demonstrated by the comparatively fyw-'
instances which have occurred in the history of !
the country where they have been found as de- !
faulters in the performance of such duties. It is 1
true, they give no bonds; they are restrained by •
a higher consideration than pecuniary obligations j
can impose—by their honor as men, and by their }
liability if they forfeit their integrity, to be de- j
graded from position in an honorable profession, j
But I did not intend to say much upon this >
occasion. It is not now a proper place, or a
proper time, to discuss thpse matters- We are
near the close of the session; and since the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means has thought fit to place this appropriation
here, I shall not vote to strike it out.
I wished merely to express my position upon
this subject, and to say that, while I believe that
it is unjust to the Army to withdraw its officers
from the duties for which they were intended,
and to employ them upon civil works, yet, since
it has been the practice, I am not willing to dis
turb that arrangement at this period of the ses-
sion. At the proper time I shall be in favor of
taking that burden, which they will readily lay
down, from their shoulders, and require the Gov-
ernment to employ civil architects; but whether
it will be cheaper or more expensive to the Gov-
ernment, I am not prepared to say.
Mr. BALL called for tellers on his amendment.
Telleis were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. BALL. I offer my proviso again as an
amendment; and if the Chair decides it out of
order, I shall appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr.CRAIGE. I submit that it is not in order
to offer the same amendment again which has
been ruled out by the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
gentleman cannotoffer the amendment again. No
appeal was taken from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to strike
out lines one hundred and fifty-eight, one hundred
and fifty-nine, and one hundred and sixty, winch
are as follows:
For the pui chase of five thousand barrels of gunpowder
for the Pamiic coast, $1*20,000.
An appropriation for that purpose was put in a
special bill some time ago.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL offered the following amend-
ment, to come in after the last line of the bill:
For pay, fuintehing and maintaining with quarteuna^ter
stores, of supplies, and subsistence ot mounted loot com-
panies of Florida volunteers called into the service oi the
United States, {§210,667 5*2,
Mr. C. said: I do not desire to say anything
in reference to that amendment, but will ask the
Clerk to read a letter from the Secretary of War,
which will explain the whole matter.
The letter was read*, and is as follows:
War Department, Washington, May 10,1856.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 8th instant, asking, by direction of tiie Com-
mittee of Ways and Mean-,, for the causes which led to,
and the necessity for calling into the service of the United
States," the thtee mounted and three foot companies of
Florida volunteers lately called out fornix months.
In reply 1 have to state that, under date of December 23,
185.), the commanding officer of the tioops in Flonda re-
ported that, on the liUth of that month, the Seminole fn-
dians had made an attack upon an evploung party com-
manded by Lieutenant liari^uff, m which he was severely
wounded, and four of his men killed or wounded. On the
receipt of this information, and in view of the piobable re-
newal of hostilities by the Indians, itwas deemed advisable
by tins Depaitmenl to authonze the officer commanding m
that quarter to call into service, for the protection ol the
exposed settlements, and to canyon viyoiou-; operations
against the Indian^, (it hem? imptaetK*able, to send rein-
forcements of regulai tioops to Florida.) thiee companies
of mounted and two of toot volunteer. A third company
of foot volunteer^ was subsequently autlmu'/ed.
I will al-o state for your information, that the repeated
deputations committed by the=e Indian^ within a tew
months pu- t, leave no doubt of their hostile intentions ;
and, m order to make a eomhmed movement acanthi them in
their stronghold— tiie Big Cypress Swamp—two companies
of mounted volunteers, 111 addition to those above referred
to, have been mustered into the service of the United
Stales.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF'N 1>A VIP,
Secretary of Wnr
Hon. Lewis D. Campbft.t,, Chairman Committee of Ways
and Means, House of Representatives.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the committee
do now rise, and report the bill to the House.
Mr. QUITMAN. I beg the gentleman from
Ohio to permit me to offer, on the part of the
Committee on Military Affairs, an appropriate
amendment as an additional section.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to submit
a question of order. The committee has passed
through the bill, and has adopted, at the end of
it, the last amendment offered by the chairman
of the Committee ofWays and Means. No part
of this bill is now open to amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. None.
Mr. JONES. Before the vote was taken on
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
another amendment might perhaps have been en-
tertained as an amendment to that; but after that'
amendment has been adopted, you have left noth-
ing open to amendment. You cannot go back to
the body of the bill, and there is nothing at the
end of it to hang an amendment on. The amend-
ment ot the gentleman irom Olno, just adopted
by the House, is not open to amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suggests to
the gentleman from Tennessee that an additional
section, or any number of sections, may still bo
added at the end of a bill of this sort.
Mr. QUITMAN. I propose this as an addi-
tional section.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would state to the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, the chairman of th«
Committee on Military Affairs, that if I now
withdraw the motion for the committee to rise,
we will have at least a dozen provisoes from
various members, and I therefore prefer not to
open the door.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Leiter reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
TJ mon had had under consideration the state of the
j Union generally, and especially House bill (No.
353) making appropriations for the support of
the Army, for the year ending 30th June, 1857,
and had directed him to report back the same-
with various amendments, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move the previous ques-
tion, with a view to take the vote on the amend-
ments to-morrow morning.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Before we adjourn, I will
ask the unanimous consent of the House to extend
the resolution of last week for evening sessions
to the present week.
There was no objection; and the proposition
was agreed to.
BUSINESS OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA#
Mr. GOODE. I desire to ask the House to
appoint a day, or two days, if necessary, to the
transaction of the business of the District of
Columbia. I have been requested by the chair-
man of that committee to indicate to-morrow
week for that purpose.
There was no objection; and the proposition
was agreed to.
REPORTS OF THE PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the proposition to
print ten thousand extra copies of the reports of
the select committee on the Pacific railroad, re-
ported that the total cost of printing said reports
would be §500; and offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the majority report
and of the two minority reports of the select committee on
th*3 >ubject of the Pacific railroad be printed for the use of
the members of the House of Representatives; said report?
to be Pitched together for distribution. '
Mr. NICHOLS moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and'under its operation
the resolution was agreed to.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table a
bill from the Senate (No. 113) to amend an act
entitled Si An act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy," for the purpose of having it referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I object, until wa
come to that bill regularly.
Mr. BENSON. I move to suspend the rules
for that purpose.
The question was taken by division; and there
were—ayes 91, noes 25.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suppended.
