1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
W5
one member of the Democratic party, I assented
to the proposition made in the caucus, which
has been referred to as a last effort—as the only
effort which it- seemed to us we could make to-
wards establishing the fact that we, too, were
anxious to organize the House of Representa-
tives, and discharge our duty to the country. I
looked on it as the last resort, and therefore it
was that it received my assent. Bound by that
caucus, from the assent which my presence gave
to it, I have felt compelled to carry out the reso-
lution as far as I could, and gentlemen will par-
don me when I say, that I have acted under a
sense of personal degradation in doing so amid
the sccnes of last night and this morning. I
vote no, with the assurance that, if similar
scenes are repeated, I shall immediately vote for
adjournment.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the reading of
the names be dispensed with.
Mr. FLOR ENCE. I object.
The CLERK declared that the House refused
to adjourn. v *
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that the
question now recurs on the resolution of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Paine.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. PAINE. If there be no objection I will
withdraw that resolution.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
The CLERK. Objection has been made to
the withdrawal of the gentleman's proposition in
regard to the suspension of the ten-minute rule
for two hours. The Clerk will put the question
of withdrawal to the House.
The question was taken, and leave was granted
for the withdrawal of the proposition.
ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. SNEED. I move that the House adjourn
until to-morrow at half past'eleven o'clock. It
is now six o'clock, a. m. We have been in ses-
sion eighteen hours. I presume that all must now
be satisfied that nothing is to be gained by test-
ing members' physical endurance.
Mr. CAROLE. The motion to adjourn is
not debatable, and I insist 011 gentlemen observ-
ing the rules of order.
The CLERK. The Clejk thinks that the mo-
tion to adjourn, made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, is not in order.
Mr. SNEED. Why?
The CLERK. Inasmuch as it is a motion for
an adjournment to an unusual hour. Twelve
o'clock m. is the hour fixed by the order of the
House. A similar proposition was dccided the
other day to be out of order.
Mr. SNEED. I am always out of order.
The CLERK. The Clerk regrets that he can-
not agree with the gentleman; he tries at all
times to do his duty.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. SNEED. ' What is the use of adjourn-
ing? We must come back here again in a few
hours.
Mr. PAINE." I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Paijje and
Morgan were appointed.
The question was taken, and the House re-
fused to adjourn; the tellers having reported—
ayes 30, noes 77.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Clerk, I now offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That until Saturday next, at eleven o'clock p.
m., no motion to adjourn, or to take a recess, shall be m
Older unlc&> a Speaker shaJl be elected bcfoie that tune.
I wish to say, sir, and the record will bear me
out in the assertion, that I have been willing to
adjourn this House ever since five o'clock yes-
terday. I knew, Mr. Clerk, that there were
otsfeers besides the members of this House who
were fatigued by this farce that has been enacted
here. Gentlemen have characterized it as a
farce.
Mr. SAGE. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman Ss remarks are not pertinent to the
question before the House.
The CLERK.,. The Clerk would say to the
gentleman from New York, that he has not at any
time attempted to limit debate.
Mr. SAGE. Well, I request him to do so
now. It is very evident that the gentleman from
North Carolina is only attempting to consume the
time of the House.
The CLERK. The Clerk must decline to do
it.
Mr. BARKSDALE addressed the Clerk.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi will allow the Clerk to state the question of
order. The gentleman from New York raised
the point of order that the remarks of the gentle-
man from North Carolina were not pertinent to
the pending question. The Clerk declined to
say whether the gentleman from North Carolina
should confine himself to the particular subject
before the House or not. The gentleman from
New York insists that the House shall decide
that question, and the Clerk will now put the
question to the House, whether the gentlman
from North Carolina is in order?
Ml\ SAGE. At the request of friends, I will
withdraw the point of order.
Mr. PAINE. And now I want to know
whether the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Wash-
burn] withdraws his point of order?
Mr. WAStiliURN. Of course mine falls with
that of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. PAINE. And now, for the sake of teach-
ing gentlemen here a lesson, I wish to tell them,
that when the presiding oificer, or he to whom
the House has delegated the authority—I mean
the Clerk—decides thnt I am out of order, I will
sit upon the floor if he asks me to do it, and I
will stand at his right hand to enforce the rules
of order in this House, against one or all of the
members of the House, i hope gentlemen will
understand me. When the. gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sage] raised lus point of order, he
imputed to me what I was not guilty of, to wit:
that I, forsooth, was consuming the time of the
House. [A Voice. It referred to the course
of policy you were pursuing.] Well, it is a dis-
tinction without a diiference. I have served m a
legislative capacity—not perhaps in so high a
sphere as this—for the period of ten years, and
there I learned that a gentleman has no right to
impute motives to any'man who rises to address
a legislative body, and I apprehend that the
House of Representatives of the United Slates is
as conservative as any legislative body in the
United States.
But that is not all, Mr. Clerk. The gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Washburn] got up and lectured
me, saying 1 had consumed more time than any
other member in this House.
Mr. WASHBURN. Not at all.
Mr. PAINE. You did it.
Mr. WASHBURN. Will the gentleman yield
to me for the purpose of making an explanation?
Mr. PAINE. I do not care for explanations.
-I am telling the truth, and I do not want any
.apology from the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURN. I do not want to make
an apology. I have none to make. I only wish
to explain what I said, as the gentleman seems
to Rave misunderstood 
Mr. PAINE. I am right, and I do not mean
to raise any disturbance m this House. I say
I will stand, Mr. Clerk, by your right hand
in preserving order, though not another man
should stand by you. I shall protect myself
from insult here, whatever I may do out of doors.
That is certain, and I owe it to my constituents,
and to my country, and I shall protect myself.
Very well, so far from consuming the time of
this House, 1 have acted in good faith in all I
have done.
I have told you that, since five o'clock yester-
day evening, I have voted for it, whenever a
question has been taken upon a motion to ad-
journ, and I was going on to give the reason
for it. I did so because I believed it was due,
not to the gentlemen who had resolved to sit here
until a Speaker should be elected, but to you,
Mr. Clerk, and gentlemen sitting at your desk,
waiting upon us in this Hall; and I voted for it
for the reason that i knew no good could result
from this thing. I said, sir, when I before of-
fered a resolution somewhat similar to this one,
that I offered it in good faith. I did so. What
is the use of all these motions to adjourn ? If
you mean to sit here until a Speaker is elected,
let us sit until the laws of God forbid us to work,
11 and that is until the Sabbath day. I have no oh-
[i jection to work until daylight Sunday morning,
but some men think Sunday commences at twelve
0 'clock Saturday night, ana for that reason I put
the time at that hour.
But I merely rose for the purpose of correcting
those gentlemen about this thing1. I do not want
to consume the time of the House.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move to lay the reso-
lution of the gentleman from North Carolina
upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let it be read.
The resolution was again read.
The question was taken upon the motion, and
it was decided in the-affirmative.
So-the resolution was laid upon the table.
TEN-MINUTE RULE.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I move to rescind the
rule limiting debate to tcn*ninutes. I move to
rescind this rule, with the simple object in view,
of making an appeal to both sides of the House.
[A Voice. Three sides.] Well, three sides, or
four sides. We have been here upon a trial of
physical endurance for eighteen hours and a half.
The voice m which I now address you shows
that I am pretty much exhausted, and I do hope
others arc as much exhausted as I am. [Laugh-
ter.] If not, I congratulate them upon their
powers of physical endurance. The point is this:
it is unworthy of me, unworthy of you, unwor-
thy of the American Congress, that we should
come here and test great principles upon the point
of physical endurance. Perhaps no mans con-
stituents, when they voted for him at the polls,
took into consideration the fact whether he could
stand eighteen hours, or twenty-four hours, or
whetherhe could stand forty-eight hours, of such
confinement and labor as this. If not, then it is
a cheat and fraud upon his constituents to com-
pel him to remain here as we have done. To
compi'l us to remain here to make a solution of
this question of speakership by the influences
bearing upon us,^sa fraud upon our constituents.
I moved to rescind the rule, in order that I might
express the indignation and contempt I feel for
such a course. We are to be kept here without
sleep, without food, until we agree, like a jury
upon a verdict, in regard to the speakership. Sir,
wo will notdo it. 1 hold, when a man is elected
Speaker of this House, he should be elected upon
a calm, deliberate, well-considered verdict of this
House; and an effort to force it by absentees is
doing injustice and wrong to those men who
happen to be absent; and no man, with a proper
sense of honor and proper self respect, would
accept the speakership when gained by the absence
of members.
I should denounce and detest that man who
should come into that chair and occupy its dig-
niiiud position in consequence of the accidental
absence of members, when that absence was
occasioned probably by sickness, or physical ex-
haustion, or disability. He would be a false and
recreant man, and unworthy the high dignity and
honors of the speakership. These are my views;
and, in conclusion, I appeal to my friends of tfie
Democratic party, and to my friends of other
paities, if thusc views are not light? If they are
right, then I call on the men of all parties to join
me in support of the motion which I now make,
which is, that this House do now (twenty-five
minutes past six, a. m.) adjourn till twelve
o 'clock.
Mr. COLFAX. Can the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Caruthers] make two successive
motions without leaving the tloor?
The CLERK. The motion to adjourn is in
order.
The question was taken, and was decided in
the negative.
The question then recurred on Mr. Caruth-
ers 's motion to rescind the ten-minute rule.
Mr. LETCHER. I submit the proposition,
Mr. Clerk, that the House take a recess until nine
o'clock, so aa to allow members an opportunity
to get their breakfast. I am perfectly willing to
come ana sit here hour after hour, in the endeavor
to organize the House. [Several gentlemen here
made suggestions to Mr. Letcher.] I do noj
ask any gentleman 'a sympathy at all. I have not
the slightest occasion "for the sympathy of any
one. My course is regulated by my own con-
sciousness of right, and not by motives of sympa-
thy or any other considerations which gentlemen
may entertain m regard to it. I have presented
