922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
* April 16,
point of rendezvous to the scene of war, or from
the scene of war again to the point of rendez-
vous, the right to compute their time outside of
the fourteen days' actual service, required by the
act of 1855, which entitles the soldier to a bounty
land warrant. The law now in force requires
that, in order to entitle a soldier to a warrant un-
der its provisions, he should have actually been
in service fourteen days; that is, he must have
been mustered into the service of the United
States, and must have remained in the service of
the United States, fourteen days before being
mustered out, or he is not entitled to bounty
land. No matter how long he may have been
engaged otherwise in the service of the country,
he is presumed not to be entitled to any merit
unless he has been actually mustered, into ser-
vice, and unless fourteen days have intervened
between the time of his muster and the time of
his discharge.
I stated to the Senate the other day that a case
existed in my own State—and I have no doubt
that many such cases exist—where a company
was called into the service of the United States to
serve in the Seminole war. They were called on
to go to Florida to engage in that hazardous,
arduous, ttnd difficult undertaking. They ren-
dezvoused at a particular point, perhaps a hun-
dred and fifty miles from the ecenc of war; but
there was no officer of the United States there
to perform the formal ceremony of mustering
them into the service, and they marched on to
Florida, where they were mustered. After this
mustering into service, after this formal act was
performed, they did not remain fourteen days
in service, but were mustered out before the ex-
piration of the fourteen days. Although this
company were engaged for severaf weeks in the
march to the scene of war, after having collected
with their officers and organized, and although
they were subsequently engaged several weeks
more in going back to their homes, they are ex-
cluded from the benefits of the law as it now
stands.
The acts of 1847 and 1848 did not provide that
the time thus spent in service beyond the actual
mustering in the service of the Government should
be computed to ascertain the tirn« during which
a soldier served, but the act of 1852 did. That
act, as I stated to the Senate the other day in the
few remarks which I had the honor to submit,
made the identical provision which 1 now pro-
pose. Thepreviousactsof 1847 and 1848 merely
prescribed that, if a soldier had been in the actual
service of the Government for not less than four
nor more than six months, he should be entitled
to one hundred and sixty acres of land; and if he
served a certain other length of time, he should
be entitled to eighty acres; and if he served at
least one month, he should be entitled to forty
acres of land. This was required to be actual ser-
vice; that is to say, it must have been time spent
between the period of mustering into service
(which is a formal act, as all Senators will under-
stand) and the day of discharge from the ser-
vice, which is another formal act. But it was
seen that a large number of soldiers who served
in the Mexican war were really engaged in the
service of the Government (although they had
not been technically mustered) for a time much
longer than the period prescribed by the act; and
to give them the benefit of the time thus spent for
the country, the acts of 1850 and 1852 enlarged
the provision, and introduced the principle which
I have now presented to the Senate. The fifth
section of the act of 1852 declares:
" That where any company, battalion, or regiment, in an
organized form, marched inoie than twenty utiles to the
place where they were mu-'teied mio the service of the ]
United States, or were discharged more than twenty imle^ 1
from the place where such company, battalion, ortegmient 1
was organized, m all such cases, m computing the length
of sei vice ol the officersand soldier^ of any such company,
battalion, or regiment, with a view to determine the quan-
tity of lan^ any otiicei or soldier is entitled to under >aid act,
approved 28th September, 1850, there $,hall be allowed one
day for every twenty mile* from the place where the com-
pany, battalion, or regiment, was organized, to the place
where the same was mustered mto the service of the United
States; and alto, one day tor every twenty miles fiom the
place where such company, battalion, or legiment was, dis-
charged, to the plact' where it was organized, and from
whence it marched to enter the seivice."
Now, I propose to apply that principle to the
provisions of the act. of J855. The law of 1855
changes the acts of 1B52, 1850, 1848, and 1847;
bo that, instead of requiring one month's service
and four months and six months' service to en-
title the applicant, to bounty land, only fourteen
days' actual service shall be required; and under
its principles, any soldier who has served four-
teen days in the service of the country is entitled
to one hundred and sixty acres of land; but the
act of 1855 does not apply to the provision of the
act of 1852, so far as regards the computation of
the time during which the soldier may have been
engaged.
The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,]
who objected to this amendment on a former oc-
casion , argued that its adoption would be enlarg-
ing the provisions of the bounty land act of last
year, and that it was the policy of Congress and
the Government to restrict it. I desire to put a
case to the Senator. Suppose a volunteer com-
pany is callcd into the service of the Government
and directed to rendezvous at a particular point.
In discharge of this call, they assemble at that
point, and organize by the election of officers, but
they are instructed to march one hun Ired miles
to reach the scene of war; and it takes them four-
teen days to get there. When there, they are
mustered into service, and discharged on the same
day. They are not entitled under the provisions
of this act to any bounty land. If, however,
when the same company are called into service
and directed to rendezvous at a particular point,
they are so fortunate as to be mustered into the
service there, and they then march to the seat of
war, occupying the precise time of fourteen days,
and at the expiration of that period are mustered
out of the service, they are entitled to a hundred
and sixty acres of land. Will the Senator point
out to me the difference in merit between these
two cases ?
In the one case the company organize; they
leave all the comforts and luxuries of home; they
actually endure the privations of a tedious march,
and spoilt^ fourteen days in the service of the
Government, without undergoing the formality
.of actual mustering into service; they go two
hundred miles from their homes, and are then
mustered into the service and soon discharged.
They are excluded from the benefits of the law,
and arc not entitled to bounty land;whilc another
company that has been technically mustered into
the service, but has been engaged no longer,and
has undergone no greater hardships and labor, is
entitled to the benefits of the law. The Senator
from Michigan may see the difference between
the two cases, so far as merit, justice, and equity
are concerned; but, to my mind, it is the differ-
ence between twecdlc-dum and tweedle-dee,
which for my life I cannot see.
Mr. STUART. I suppose it would be more
convenient for the Senator to proceed with his
remarks until he has finished, than that I should
answer him now.
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir. It seems to me, Mr.
President, that when men are called into the ser-
vice of the Government, and organize themselves
into a company, battalion, or regiment, and are
engaged in marching under the instructions of
the Government to the point where they are ex-
pected to serve the country, and are engaged in
battle, they should be entitled to the benefits of
the bounty of the Government, as well as those
who have spent no more time, and endured no
more hardships, although they may have under-
gone the mere formality of having been mustered
into and out of the service. I desire to extend
the benefit of this provision of the act of 1852 to
those who are entitled under the act of 1855.
The question is simply, whether a company,
battalion, or regiment, who have put themselves
in an organized state, but have not been mustered
into the service, and have nevertheless been en-
gaged in service on the march or otherwise, shall
be entitled to the benefits of this act, or shall be
excluded; while others who have done no moie,
but have only been mustered into the service and
undergone a particular formality, shall be enti-
tled? I can see no difference in merit between
the two cases, and therefore I have presented this
amendment.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will allow me to say
that, if there be any such case as he has suggest-
ed, it is already embraced m the amendment of
the committee, by a section providing expressly
for those who have served with the troops of the
United States; but who have not been mustered
into service.
Mr. IVERSON. I propose, before I conclude,
to refer to that amendment of the committee, and
show that it is improper in itself; but while I am
on that point, I beg leave to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio a singular anomaly in the amend-
ments which the Committee on Public Lands
have proposed to this bill. They provide that,
where volunteers or militia have been called into
the service of the United States, and have actually
served with regulars, they shall be entitled to
bounty land; but where militia or volunteers have
been called into service, and have not actually
served with the regular soldiers of the United
States, they shall not be so entitled.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator will permit me to
say, that it does not require them to have served
with regulars. If he will allow me to read the
seventh scction, I think he will understand it in a
moment.
Mr. IVERSON". I will read it my self:
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provisions
of the said act shah extend to ail persons who have served
as volunteers with the armed forces of the United States,
subject to military orders, for the space of fourteen days
in any of the wars specified in the first section of the said
act, whether such persons were or were not mustered into
the seivice of the United States.
Tliey must have served " with the armed forces
„of the United States;" they must, in other words,
have had companions in arms. Now, I wish to
know the difference between a company serving
in an isolated condition, and not with the armed
forces of the Government, and those who served
with the armed forces. Where is the difference ?
1 do not understand that there is any distinction
between them at all. What more merit is, or
can be, given to a company who served with the
armed forces of the Government, than to a com-
pany who did not serve " with the armed forces
of the United States," but served the Govern-
ment ? I should be pleased to hear the distinc-
tion pointed out by the Senator from Ohio, or any
othermember of the Committee on Public Lands.
I presume that it was intended to be construed so
as to mean that militia, or volunteers who served
with the regular forces of the Government, and
were called into service by a regular officer of the
Government—because that is the provision as I
understand it—shall be entitled to bounty land,
although they may not have served the fourteen
days. The section continues:
Provided, however, That in cases arising under this sec-
tion the Commissioner of Pensions be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to receive the affidavit, or other authenticated
statement or report, of any officer of the Army of the United
States, in obcrlience to whose commands, or with whum,
such military service was rendered, if recoid evidence
thereof cannot be pi oduced.
It seems, therefore, that in order to entitle them
to the benefits of this provision, they must not
only have served with the armed forces of the
United States, but they must have been called
into service by an officer of the United Slates
Army, although they may have served more than
fourteen days.
Mr. PUGH. I beg to say to the Senator that
I think he has misunderstood the provision.
Mr. IVERSON. I have stated my understand-
ing of it; but it may be that the Senator can sat-
isfy me and the Senate that it is not the proper
construction.
I do not intend, Mr. President, now to go into
some other questions connected with this bill;
but I shall move to strike out some provisions
after the fate of this amendment shall be determ-
ined. I will not occupy the time of the Senate
longer in relation to this particular amendment.
Mr. STUART. I shall only undertake, sir, in
a very few words, to explain what I conceive to
be the necessary distinction in the case put by
the Senator from Georgia; and I shall endeavor
to make it so plain that the intention of the com-
mittee at least cannot be misunderstood.
I stated the other day that the principle on
which the act of 1855 was founded, consisted in
requiring fourteen days of service, and record evi-
dence to prove that service. That was the prin-
ciple on which the bounty land act of 1855 pro-
i ceeded, and you will see its necessity, sir. The
act reaches back, and covers all the wars in which
the United States have been engaged since 1730
—all the wars with foreign countries and with
Indians since that time. When the Senate limited
the time of service to fourteen days, for which a
man was to receive one hundred and sixty acres
of land, they saw the propriety of so providing
