1796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
The bill was then taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time.
Mr. BENSON moved that it be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DUNN. I rise to a question of order. I
believe the previous question has been ordered
upon the Army bill, which was reported from the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and it cannot, therefore, be in order to transact
any other business.
The-SPEAKER. The gentleman states cor-
rectly; and if the gentleman insists upon his point
of order, no further business can be transacted.
Mr. DUNN. I do insist upon it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, however, thinks
that m respect to this bill, the rules having been
suspended without objection, the question of order
of the gentleman comes too late.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I now ask the con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill, to which theie is a single pending amend-
ment, with a view of having it acted upon.
Mr. DUNN. I mustinsistupon my objection
until the bill for the pacification of Kansas is
taken up.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I appeal to the
gentleman from Indiana to allow this bill to come
up and be acted upon. It will not take five min-
utes. I voted with the gentleman this morning
to get his bill up.
Mr. COBB. Well, sir, if we can do nothing
here, we might us well adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that the consularand diplomatic bill was
taken up and read by its title before the gentleman
from Indiana made objection. I think that under
the ruling of the Chair just now, in the case of
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Benson,] the
objection comes too late.
The SPEAKER. In that case the House had
suspended its rules
Mr. HOUSTON. So they had in this case by
unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the objection came in time.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the attention
of the gentleman from Indiana for a moment.
If the gentleman persists in his objections to tak-
ing up and disposing of the amendment upon
which the House and Senate have disagreed, I
will submit to him that it is a matter of comity
due to the other branch of Congress, that we
should, at least, appoint the committee of con-
ference they have asked of us, upon the single
amendment to that bill which is in dispute, i
think the House ought to recede from its disa-
greement; but, at least, they should appoint a
committee of conference. I submit to the gen-
tleman that it is a comity due to the other branch
of Congress.
Mr. DUNN. I would, with the greatest pleas-
ure, do anything to oblige the gentleman from
Kentucky, and other gentlemen who have re-
quested me to withdraw my objection; but in the
face of the vote this morning, by which the
House refused to take up the Kansas bill, 1 can-
not withdraw my objection. If gentlemen are de-
termined nothing shall be done on that subject—
of all subjects, the one of greatest moment,'so far
as I have power I will oppose any action out of
the regular order of business, until opposition to
this measure of peace and justice is withdrawn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I voted to take up the
Kansas bill, and it seems that this is tho way the
gentleman now returns the kindness.
LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I ask the House to
allow me to report a bill, to which I am sure
there should be no objection.
The bill was read, as follows:
.rFif ^Tcnoc*e^ hi the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Lnited States of America m Congress assembled. That
laud warrants issued, or hereafter to be issued, under any
act or Congress gianting lands to the officers and soldiers,
or their legal descendants, heretofore passed, fchall be
received in payment for any of the public lands belonging :
to the United States now subject to, or hereafter to become
subject to, pale or private entry, the price of winch shall
not be less than $1 2.5 per acre; said warrants to be rated
at $1 25 per acre; arid all acts and parts of acts contravening
the provisions of tins act, are hereby repealed.
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills and a joint
resolution, of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same;
An act for the relief of the owners and shares-
men of the fishing schooners Wanderer, Mary,
Olive Branch, Two Brothers, and Brothers;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Zadock Thompson, of Vermont;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Samuel
Scott;
An act for the relief of Elizabeth V. Lomax,
only surviving child of Captain William Lindsley,
of the Revolution;
An act for the relief of Levi Robinson;
An act to authorize the entry of certain lands
in the State of Iowa, by Mrs. Caroline Newing-
ton; and
A resolution for the relief of John Y. Laub, a
clerk in the office of the First Comptroller of the
Treasury.
IOWA RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. THORINGTON, by unanimous consent,
presented resolutions of the Legislature of Iowa;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. CAMPBELL. "With a view ofholdingan
evening session for general debate, I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Haven in the chair,) the business
nominally before the committee being the fortifi-
cation bill, upon which the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] was entitled to the floor.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, the
committee (at twenty minutes before four o'clock)
took a recess until seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee resumed its session at seven
o'clock, (Mr. Haven m the chair.)
Mr. Letcher not being present,
Mr. TALBOTT obtained the floor, and spoke
for an hour on general politics, particularly
reviewing and condemning the principles of the
Know Nothing party.
Mr. DOWDELll addressed the committee
upon the slavery question, and the power of
Congress over the Territories.
Mr. WHITNEY argued and quoted author-
ities to prove that the Romish hierarchy claimed
supremacy in temporal alFairs.
Mr. BURNETT followed, and spoke on the
Kansas question, and the general politics of the
country.
The speeches are all withheld for revision, and
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. KELSEY then obtained the floor, and
moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and (Mr. Oliver, of I
Missouri, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore) Mr. Haven* reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had had
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the fortification bill, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. HAVEN, (at
twenty minutes past ten o'clock, p. m.,) tho
House adjourned until to-morrow at eleven
o'clock, a. in.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 28, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C.Dean.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Precident of
the United States, transmitting a copy of minutes
of a council held at Fort Pierre, Nebraska Ter-
ritory, on the 1st day of March, 1856, by Brevet
Brigadier General William L. Harney, United
States Army, commanding the Sioux expedition,
with the delegations from nine of the bands of
the Sioux. Also, copies of sundry papers on the
same subject. Regardingthe stipulations between
General Harney and the nine bands of the Sioux
as just and desirable, both for the United States
and for the Indians, the President recommends
Congress to appropriate the sum of $31)0,000 to
enable the Government to execute the stipulations
entered into by General Harney.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the communi-
cation was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a letter of the Postmaster General, and
a copy of a conditional contract entered into
under instructions from the President, for the
purchase of a lot and building thereon for a post
fficein the city of Philadelphia, together with a
copy of a report of Edward Clark, architect of
the Patent Office building, in relation to the site
and building selected; and recommending that an
appropriation of $>250,000 be made to complete the
purchase; and also an appropriation of $50,000
to make the required alterations, and furnish
the necessary cases, boxes, &c., to fit it up for a
city post office; which, on motion of Mr. Hun-
ter, was referred to the Committee on Finance,
and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Court of Claims, made in pursuance of law, of the
decisions of that court in favor of the claim of
the executors of James Beatty; the claim of
Ernest Fiedler; the claim of Thomas Crown: the
claim of Sturgcs, Bennett & Co.; and the claim
of H. & F. W. Meyer; which, on motion of Mr.
Brodhead, was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Jo-
seph Holman, praying to be allowed land for mil-
itary services under General Clark from 1731 to
1784; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. ADAMS presented the memorial of James
Thompson, administrator of Charles M, Strader,
a surviving partner of Thompson & Strader,
praying for the passage of an act for the final
settlement of their claim against the Post Office
Department; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I present the me-
morial of a great numher of steamboat captains
engaged in the navigation of the Mississippi river
and its tributaries, representing that the -losses
occasioned by the obstructions which exist in the
channels of those rivers, may be fairly estimated
at about three million dollars, in the value of hulls
and cargoes destroyed. After setting forth in
some detail the nature of these obstructions, they
pray Congress to make sufficient appropriation
to keep the Mississippi river and its principal
tributaries in repair; and to prevent any waste in
the appropriations, or want of sufficient practical
result in the application of those moneys, what-
ever appropriation may be made, they ask that
the proper Department may be authorized to con-
tract for the removal of those obstructions under
proper regulations and penalties from year to
year. As this subject is now before the Senate on
reports by the Committee on Commerce, asking
appropriations in the usual way, I move that this
memorial lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN presented a presentment of the
grand jury of the county of Washington in the
District of Columbia in favor of the establish-
ment of a magistrate's or police court in that
city; which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a presentment of the grand,
jury of the county of Washington m the District
of Columbia in favor of an appropriation for pro-
viding additional accommodations for the United
States courts in that District; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the petition of
