1856.
■THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1W
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr, KEITT. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. "Wright
of Mississippi, and Watson were appointed.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to adjourn, the tellers having reported—ayes
S9, noes T2.
ADJOURNMENT TO XTtlDAY.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the House
adjourn until Friday, at twelve o'clock, m.
Mr. SAGE. I raise a point of order on the
motion.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that^the mo-
tion is in order, inasmuch as the House has
transacted business since a similar motion was
made and defeated.
Mr. SAGE. The yeas and nays have been
demanded on my motion.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that the
gentleman's motion is out of order, inasmuch as
there is an existing order of the House m the
very same words.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion of the gentleman from North
Carolina.
The CLERK. The yeas and nays are not
ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Pennington wore appointed.
The question was taken; and the yeas and nays
were ordered, the tellers having reported—ayes
37—more than one fifth of those present.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to—yeas 98, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atkcn, Allen, Barclay, Barksdale,'Bowie,
Boycc, Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caihle, Caiutlieth, Cti&kie,
Clingman, Williamson ft. W. Cobb, Cox, Oullen, Davidr-on,
ilemy Winter Davis, Day, Denver, Dovvdoll, Dunce, Ed-
• wards, Elliott, Ethondge, Eustis Kvan*, Florence, Henry
M. Fuller, Thomas J. i). Fuller, Guiding*, Greenwood,
Augustus Hull, J. jMoirison Il;mi->, Sampson W. Hdiris
Thomas L. Harris, Uam.-en, Haven, Ileibet?, Hoffman,
Valentino I). florton, Houston, Jcvctt, Goorye W. Jones,
ICeitt, Kennett, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Hum-
phrey Mai shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McQueen,
Smith Miller, Millbon, Millwaul, Moore, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Mordocai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine, Peck, Plielpfi,
Porter, Powell,Pringle, Quitman, Reade. Itieaud,Rx-liard-
eon, Hulim, Sandid^e, Savage, Samuel A. South, William
31. Smith, Snced, Stanton, Stephens, Stewait, Swopc, Tal-
bott, Taj lor, Tiippe, Undeiwood, Valk, Waniei, YVatkm.-i,
Watson, Wheelei, Wmslow, John V. Wright, and Zolh-
colfei—98.
NASTS—Messrs. Albright, Allison,/Bank*, Baibour, Hen-
ry Bennett, Benson, Birigham, llocock, Bradshaw, Bren-
ton, Butfmgton, Burhngamo, James II. Campbell, Chalice,
dawson, Howell Cobb, Colfax, Coitiihh, Cmgiti, Cuni-
back, Damrell, Timothy Dau-J, Dean, De Witt] Diei^on,
Dodd, Dunn, Edmnndson, Emric, English, Flagler,Gilbert,
Grangci, Glow, Hailan, Hickman, llolloway, Thomn?. i\.
Korton, Howard, Hugh-ton, Kelly, Kel-ey, Kins, Knapp,
Km^ht, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Maneson, McCariy,
Meaeham, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morull, Mott, Muuay,
Norton, Pearce, Pelton, Petlit, Pike, Purvuinec, Ritchie,
Rivers, Itobbins, lloberts, Itust, Salim, S«i2o, t^app, Scotf,
Sherman, Spinner, Stranahan,Tapnan, Thoriugton,Thuis-
ton,Todd, Trafton,Wude, Wdkema.il, WcUbii<l e,Wal(lron,
Cadwalader-C. Wa&hburne, Elhhu B. Wa^hbuiw>, Israel
Wahhbura, Welch, Wood, WoodrulT, Woodvvoith, and
Daniel R. Wright—91.
So the House agreed to adjourn until Friday,
at twelve o'clock, m.
Pending the above call,
Mr. RUFFIN (when his name was called)
said: Mr. Clerk, personal explanations seem to
be the order of the day, and 1 now ask leave to
make one to the House. I desire to change my
vote on this question; I have uniformly voted
against adjournment. I was a member of the
Democratic caucus, and I was opposed to the re-
solution which was adopted. After it was adopt-
ed, I was for standing by it in good faith. Com-
plaints had been made that the Democratic party
adjourned the House over every evening, and
would not permit them to organize; would not
give the Black Republicans—I call parties by
what I understand to be their true names—a fair
opportunity to organize the Hoiise; and for that
reason, though I disapproved of night sessions,
1 have voted up to this time invariably against
adjournments, to see what they would do; and I
am now satisfied that they are not likely to organ-
ize this House. They have given votes time and
again. Since we have been voting for a Speaker,
the two candidates of that party, Messrs. Banks
and Pennington, received votes which, if con-
solidated , would have elected a man of their party
Speaker—a man who stood on the same platform
and advocated the same principles. But it seems
that they cannot agree among themselves.
Now, sir, so far-as I am cpncerncd personally
I am not disposed to stay here night after night,
to givo them further opportunity of settling the
•matter among themselves. We have stooi here
eighteen hours and upward s, and as yet they have
done nothing1. The responsibility of the organi-
zation of this House lies principally on the friends
of Mr. Banks and of Mr. Pennington. When-
ever they have a mind to organize the House, they
can do so. They tell us that they were invited
to stay here "by the Democratic caucus, and that
the Democratic caucus is now backing down. I
disavow, for one, having invited them*, I have
never done it; the Democratic party never did
it. I was well satisfied what these night sessions
would bring about. We have seen, within the
last twelve hours, scenes that would disgrace the
wood-sawyer's house on the canal, or the lowest
tippling shop on English Hill. We have seen
them in the Halls of Congress, and we arc still
asked to stay here. We have not invited them
to any feast; we have marked out a course for
ourselves, without any reference to the Black Re-
publican party ;and I, for one, will say that 1 never,
never will meet with them in council on any occa-
sion, except as' a Representative oil this floor. I
will have no understandings with them in any
way.
I am one of those who think that, probably,
the neglect of this House to organize has been
a God-send to the country. If we had been or-
ganized on the principles they hold here, which
war on the interests of one section of tlie coun-
try, and on rights which we. in the South hold
dear, there might now have been created a con-
fusion throughout the country far greater than
any we have seen. My section of country has
nothing to expect from this Congress or its le-
gislation; and it is a matter of perfect indiffer-
ence with mo whether it ever is organized.' The
Government can get along without it. There is
patriotism enough in the country to carry on the
Government until the 4th of March, 1857, with-
out money, after the term for which existing
appropriations have been made. There are plenty
who will hold the oifices of Government without
money. I, for one, am never to be forced into
doing anything that 1 believe to be wrong by any
such threats as these: that our Government will
need money; that it cannot get along without it;
that members will need thcir per diem; and that
we shall have to vote appropriations for ourselves.
Now, I can say, for my own part, that before 1
will violate my conscience—before I will violate
one principle that I believe to be right—I will set
here until the 4th of March, 1857, an A pay my
own expenses, though it takes every cent 1 have
in the world, and I have to borrow from my
friends besides. X vote) ay.
Mr. SANDiDGE (when his name was called)
said: X hope I shall be allowed the privilege of
saying half a dozen words in explanation of the
vote which I desire now to give. X, sir, belong lo
that unfortunate party which, it is said, has a
majority of fifty against it in this House, i am
one of the Democrats who attended the caucus
held in this XJall the other evening. I am one
of those who agreed to the resolution which lias
been published, and up to this time 1 have voted
against every proposition to adjourn. But, sir,
when my friends and I have come here in good
faith to do what wo could in every proper way to
effect an organization of this House, we have been
told by gentlemen opposed to us, that it is a pre-
concerted attempt on our part to effect an organ-
ization by the election of AJ r. Basks. This charge
has been frequently hurled m our teeth during
this night sessjon hy gentlemen belonging to the
so-called "American" party. X, sir, agreed to
the resolution in the caucus, m the hope that this
majority of fifty members opposed to the De-
mocracy and to the Democratic Administration,
might, if they were kept here eighteen or twenty
hours, either fall in love with the good looks of
their severalmembers, or come together on account
of their political affinities. We have done every
thing that we could do to effect an organization,
and X shall from this time forward vote for every
reasonable proposition to adjourn. I think the
motion now made is a reasonable one, and X vote
ay.
Mr, WINSLOW (when his name was called)
said: I, too, was 'a member of-the Democratic
caucus, and I agreed to the resolution that that
party should resist all-motions to adjourn until a
speaker was elected. I came here determined to
carry out the resolution of"that caucus just so
long as the interests of the party, the interests
of my country, and the dignity of the Hous'o
required it; and with a determination to ceass
to carry out that resolution just so soon as the
interests of my party and of my country required
me to do so. That, sir, occurred just about the
small hours of the morning, and since that time
I have been constantly voting to adjourn. X do
not by any means regret having stayed here all
last night. X had heard much of these night
sessions and protracted sessions, and I wished
to see one. My cariosity is now satisfied, and.
I have no desire to see another. [Laughter.] I
vote ay.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi, (when his
name was called,) said: It has become a sort of
practice for gentlemen to explain the reasons why
they vote either this way or that way, and I shall
follow that practice in this instance, whether from
the force of habit or from an inclination to explain
my views I will not pretend to say. It has been
asked who was in the Democratic caucus ? Who
favored the resolution of the Democratic party?
Who called that caucus together? What were its
objects ? Well, Mr. Clerk, I would say that I was
one of those who called it together, not to dictate,
not to cxcrcise a controlling influence, but to be a
mere spectator. I was there. I did not favor the
proposition to test our powers of physical endur-
ance. X was not here when this session com-
menced; and it would be unjust lo this House if
I did not say that I felt a perfect indifference in
reference to what might occur when this I-Iouse
convened. X knew its elements; I knew my own
duties and the interests of my constituents, and I
knew that the mongrel group that would be as-
sembled in this Hall, looking to the spoils of
ollice, and to the loaves and fishes, more than to
the honor of their country and the perpetuity of
the Union, would not organize. I did not, there-
fore, care to be here. But I am here now; and
if X believed that patriotism rose higher than the
loaves and fishes—if I believed that you, the Rep-
resentatives of an enlightened and free people,
worshiped at the shrine qf the altar of freedom
more than at the low shrine of the loaves and
fishes, I would propose that we should all resign
our scats and go home to our constituents as
unworthy to occupy seats in the Congress of the
land of our fathers. But X know that these gen-
tlemen would hnng upon the flesh-pots of Egypt
until doomsday, and, like the pelican, steal back
for another crumb. [Laughter.] it is needless,
therefore,to make such a proposition; but I say,
for one, that I would stay here until the 4th of
March, 1857, rather than hand over the powers
of this Government to a party which looks, not
to the supremacy of the Constitution, but to a
higher law. I should scorn to affiliate with such
a party. If I believed that in any of the elements
of this House there were the materials of an
organization, I would not speak thus, but the
times are sadly out of joint. A gentleman declared
during the past evening that we were m the midst
of revolution. Some smiled, and some laughed,
and some seemed to scoff at the idea, and yet,
sir, nevertheless, it is true. When in the history
of this Government has this House ever before
failed to elect its Speaker according to the man-
ner prescribed in the Constitution, handed down
to us by the sires of the Revolution? Never!
never!
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Before T cast my
vote, I desire to say that 1 was a member of the
Democratic caucus which adopted the resolution
to which refeieneehas boon made, and I not only
voted for it, but was a warm suppoitcr and advo-
cate of it. I urged it upon the caucus for its
adoption, and therefore X take upon myself all
the responsibility which may properly attach to
one standing in that relation to the action of the
caucus. I believed it would effect an election. I
trusted that one night's session would have ac-
complished that end; but X am now satisfied, by
what has occurred during the past night, that the
object desired will not be attained at this time, or
at this session at least, and I therefore now vote
for an adjournment.
