1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Simmons.
Ho. or Reps.
Constitution of the United States, or whether it
be regarded as existing in the particular States
under the State constitutions, or in the organized
Territories under the authority of the national
Legislature,—it is, I say, a Government which
exists under and by authority of law, and in
which there are means provided for the exercise
of all power in a peaceful and legitimate way. If
the course which I have indicated be pursued, no
matter what difficulties may exist in Kansas,
they will terminate peacefully. Right will in the
end triumph.
If, on the contrary, by the irregular action of the
House, an extraordinary step should be taken—
if, by the irregular action of this House, the ex-
citement which has heretofore existed, and which
it is said now exists, shall be heightened until
it terminates in conflict, who can tell what will
be the result? Who can tell how far the confla-
gration will spread before the unholy fifes of
fanatical, lawless, revolutionary agitation are
quenched in blood ? This country has been for
three quarters of a century a spectacle which has
filled the whole world with admiration; one in
which all the powers of a great nation have been
exercised peacefully, and in which all those diffi-
culties which almost necessarily arise from time
to time in the best-regulated Governments, and
seem to threaten them with public commotions
or civil war, have been encountered and over-
come by the exercise of the popular reason, to the
exclusion of popular force. If the will of the pro-
moters of this contest is to prevail in this House,
it will present that spectacle no longer. No, sir;
if the counsels of these men find favor with us, a
few short weeks or months maybe sufficient to fill
aland where it has Been all sunshine with "clouds
and darkness;" and amid the surrounding gloom
such contentions and conflicts may arise in which
section may be arrayed against section, State
against State, and perhaps man against man, in
deadly strife, as would make all men who feel an
interest in the success of a republican form of ;
government, and who believe in the capacity of i
men for self-government, to shudder with fear,
and fill them with forebodings of the speedy
downfall of all free institutions dependent on the
popular will.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. G. A. SIMMONS, j
OP NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives, ,
March 17, 1856, I
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of ,
Kansas. I
Mr. SIMMONS said:
Mr. Speaker: I have been a silent hearer of the j
discussions that have taken place in this Hall, and j
it has seemed to me that gentlemen either have
not been aware of what were the points at issue, !
or they have been carried away by excitement so (
far, that if the heterogeneous mass of stuff had
been separated from that which belongs to the '
point at issue, there would be but little left, and
probably not much disagreement. The great \
difficulty is, that one party in the House come ;
here, not as judges, but rather as attorneys, to ■
find reasons for supporting their votes at home; !
and the other party do very much the same. :
Now let us look at this case, for once, fairly, j
and see what it amounts to. I mean to confine ;
myself exactly to the point at issue. In the first \
place, let us inquire whether this is a contested j
election? I hold that it is not. Governor Reeder
is in no legal sense a contestant here; none at
all. He comes here, to be sure, as an agent of !
the people, and so far as it is proper to regard
him in that character, as "expressing the wishes
and remonstrances of the people against Mr.
Whitfield's taking his seat, it may be proper to
regard them. I look upon the memorial of Gov-
ernor Reeder as a mere remonstrance of the
people of Kansas against the admission of Mr.
Whitfield to a seat on this floor. If we should
vacate his seat, it does not follow that we should
admit Governor Reeder. His election is not au-
thorized by any law. It is a question that I am
not now called upon to discuss. Dr. Franklin
was the admitted agent for the Colonies to the
British Parliament without any special law.
I find it laid down, in one of the opinions of
Attorney General Butler, that it is not inconsist-
ent with the Constitution for men to get together
in a Territory, frame a constitution of govern-
ment, and send persons here as their agents. It
was for us then to accept or reject their constitu-
tion. Mr. Reedfir is not, nor will anybody con-
tend that he is, here under any law. I have
strong doubts about his election being one that
we can sanction. Perhaps the true way for the
House would be to. vacate the seat of Whitfield,
and send Reeder and Whitfield both back to the
Territory for a new election. In this way we
could get rid of all this debate and controversy.
It is said that under the election law of 1851,
we cannot take any notice of the illegality of the
Kansas election, unless there is a contestant.
That is a great mistake. The book of contested-
election cases, now in my hands, is full of cases
where the decisions are the other way. " Sundry
electors," in one case, remonstrate against a
certain member taking his seat. Whether they
come personally or send their remonstrances, the
House is bound to look into the matter, and purge
itself of an illegitimate member. John Bailey
wasdeclared to be ineligible, because when elected
he held a clerkship, and resided in Washington.
The House, on the remonstrance of "sundry
electors," investigated the matter, found Mr.
Bailey ineligible, and unseated him. And Reeder
i is here only as the agent of the people of Kansas,
remonstrating in their behalf against Whitfield's
claim to a seat, and alleging that he was not duly
elected. There was another case—the case of
" sundry citizens"against John Sergeant. There
was no contestant; but the House examined into
the case and decided in his favor. This House,
then, will look into ex parte cases, if there is any
, good reason to suspect or know that a member or
Delegate does not represent the people.
The great and important question, after all, is,
whether this House can look behind territorial statutes,
and see if they were made in conformity to the Con-
j stitution. When members come to this body :
i claiming to be elected members from a State ana J
| bearing certificates accordingly, it has been de- I
| cided over and over again that we may look into !
j the matter and see whether the State law was in- j
j consistent with the United States Constitution. ■
! In the Barney case there was a law of Maryland
i that provided that one member should reside in
the city of Baltimore and the other in the county.
The House determined that the law was incon-
sistent with the Constitution, and vacated the
seat. The contestant did not get the seat. The
election was gone over again. In the case of a
Delegate from Michigan, the House decided that
they would not only look behind a statute, to see
whether it was consistent with the provisions of
the Constitution, but behind the judgment of a
county court, to see whether, the court had power
under the United States laws that created it to
naturalize persons who voted. The question was
settled in the affirmative, and the Delegate held
his seat.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
read from Coke, who is considered the father of
the law, and found this power of the Commons
to be as old as its independence. Coke says,
that nothing—not even the proclamation of the
king, nor any other obstacle—should be in the
way of an ascertainment of the man who was
truly elected under the law and constitution of
this popular branch of the Parliament. _
In the case of Potter vs. Robbins, in Rhode
Island, the Senate looked behind the statute of the
State—a regular statute which had been passed;
they looked behind a previous resolution of the
Legislature; and they founa that Legislature in-
competent, because of another Legislature which
h ad elected Mr. Robbins; and they decided that the
subsequent Legislature could not make a law va-
rying the election made by a former Legislature—
that it would be inconsistent with the Constitu- |
tion. Now, sir, would any gentleman contend |
for a moment, that if a parcel of disaffected Abo-
litionists—for some of that class can be found in j
every State, Kentucky, for instance—should get,
together, unlawfully, and proclaim everybody |
free, black and white, and, by the aid of black
votes added to their own, should elect Cassius
M. Clay Governor of Kentucky, and should send
to this House a set of members elected under
a law made by that body, that we could not look
into that~ case and see whether it was not the
result of a revolution—whether it was not nullifi-
cation carried out ? We would look into the
matter, and purge this House of its illegitimate
members. To be sure, I know it has been said
by one gentleman here, [Mr. Davis, of Maryland,]'
learnedly and eloquently, that the question is a
political one, and therefore would not have the
House decide it—the President is to decide the
question. But, the misfortune is, that the law is
right the other way. The law of Rhode Island
fortunately came before the Supreme Court of
the United States, and while Chief Justice Taney
admits that it is a political question, yet he says
that itns for Congress to decide it; and he says,
further, that each House, when admitting mem-
bers into it from a State, must decide whether the
government which sends them is a revolutionary
government, or whether it is a legal and regular
government.  
Cases of this sort, however, thank God, have
not in this country been numerous enough to con-
stitute precedents for us to look to. There are
but very few which bear upon this question, and
of which we see the nature at once. No elections
are allowed but those held in conformity to
established law. Again, in some States the con-
stitutions require that laws shall be passed by two
thirds of the lower House, and by a majority or
two thirds of the upper House. Such is the case
in my own State. Now, the court of appeals has
decided in New York, that, whenever the legality
of the passage of a law comes in question, and
is put in issue by a plea, denying the fact that
two thirds of both Houses concurred in the pass-
age of the law, they will travel beyond the
statute; they will look into the facts to ascertain
by other means, such as they can lay hold of in
any possible way—as the certificate of the Sec-
retary, the original papers on file from which-
the engrossed bill was made up—to see who
voted for the law, and whether there ^were two
thirds or not. If not, they treat the law as a
nullity, because it was not passed by the con-
stitutional number. There are not, however, as
I said before, many cases in this country in
which the courts have been called upon to decide
whether the body passing a law were constitu-
tionally elected—whether they were composed of
the right persons, or by usurpers. But it has been
decided that, though the body were composed
of the right persons, yet unless they pass lawa
by such a majority as the constitution requires,
they will be treated as usurpers, and the statutes
passed by them be declared void. And so it is for
this House, in deciding the " elections*qualifica-
tions, and returns" of its own members, to decide
all those questions affecting such elections, aa well
as qualifications and returns; because the Consti-
tution saysthe'y shall be the judges of the elections,
qualifications, and returns of its own members.
What does the word " elections" mean there ?
Gentlemen say it means nothing but " qualifica-
tions," and that we can only inquire and see
whether a man is old enough, &c., and cannot
look beyond that and see whether the electors were
qualified. Now, that is not the established law
of this country; but it is right the other way.
How, then, Mr. Speaker, are we to ascertain
whether those persons, calling themselves a Le-
gislature, and passing a statute in whieh all names
are left out, and in which nothing is found indi-
cating that it was ever submitted to the Governor
for his approval—I say how are we to ascertain
■whether they were elected properly, and in due
form, or whether they were elected by non-res-
idents and usurpers ? Why, sir, it is perfectly
plain, that the election must conform to the
organic act. Now, the organic law of Kansas
is the constitution to that Territory; and if the
election of these members to the Territorial Le-
gislature was contrary to that organic law which
was passed by Congress in 1854, it is against
the law of the United States. It is just the
same as if a member should come here from a
State, being elected by some statute contrary to
the Constitution of the United States. But we
