1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1797
Henry Lucas, praying that certain public land in
Montgomery county, Alabama, may be offered to
public sale to the highest bidder, instead of being
confirmed to Robert Mitchell as proposed by a
bill passed by the House of Representatives;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a memorial
of the Legislature of Iowa in favor of a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad from
McGreggor's Landing, on the Mississippi, to the
western boundary of Iowa; which was referred
to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. FOSTER presented a memorial of James
Hate, praying that he may be authorized to enter
into a contract for carrying the mails between the
United States and South America, and other in-
termediate places; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on tne Post Olfice and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of C.
"Vanderbilt, proposing to run aline of steam-ships
between New York and Southampton, and to
carry the mails between those places; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
REPORT OF COMMITTEE.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
' Lands, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of Francis C.
Treadwell, and others, engaged in the defense of
Salem, Massachusetts, praying for an amend-
ment of the bounty land laws, on the ground
that their case is covered by the general law
passed at this session; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED AND REFERRED.
Mr. CLAYTON asked and obtained leave to
bring in a bill (S. No. 410) to authorize the Post-
master General to contract with C. Vanderbilt for
carrying the mails of the United States from
New York to Southampton; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The bill (II. R. No. 472) for the relief of
Louis Hembert, was read the first and second
time, by unanimous consent, and refeired to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HELL, of Tcunessce, asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
for continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Mobile, Alabama, at Dog river bar, Choctaw
Pass, and the Lower Fleet; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill for con-
tinuing the improvement of the Hudson river;
which was read twice by us title, and referred to
the Committee 011 Commerce.
DIPLOMATIC SYSTEM.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to take up for
consideration the bill (S. No. 368) reported from
the Committee on Foreign Relations to amend
" An act to remodel the diplomatic and consular
system of the United States." It is a short bill.
It is general m its provisions to remedy some
defects in the bill of the last session, arid I think
will meet the approbation of the Senate. Its
consideration will not take much time.
Mr. STUART. I shall cheerfully agree to the
suggestion of the Senator if the consideration of
the bill will not go beyond one o'clock, on his
consenting to lay it aside at that time.
Mr. COLLAIV1ER. The unfinished business
of the morning hour, I take it, is in order now.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It is in order
unless some Senator intervenes with amotion. It
is in order for the Senator from Virginia to make
his motion.
Mr. MASON. My desire was to occupy only
the morning hour. It is a bill of very general
importance to the country; and as this session is
near its end, I must ask the Senate to take up
the bill which 1 have indicated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
take up Senate bill No. 3GS.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to inquire whether
the unfinished business will lose its position by
this bill being taken up ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Senate
should refuse to take up the bill indicated by the
Senator from Virginia, the unfinished business
must necessarily come up.
Mr. COLLAMER. Suppose this bill should
be taken up, would the unfinished business of
Friday morning lose its primary claim for another
morning?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Atone o'clock
the unfinished business will come up as the
special order.
Mr. COLLAMER. But will it come up to-
morrow morning?
Mr. SEWARD. At one o'clock the improve-
ment bills come up as the special order.
Mr. COLLAMER. I think it proper that we
should proceed with the unfinished business of
Friday morning.
Mr. MASON. "Will the Chair be good enough
to announce the unfinished business which is to
take precedence of this bill, unless by special
vote?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The firstun-
finished business is the bill (S. No. 39) making an
appropriation for the construction of a harbor
at the mouth of Grand river, in the State of
Michigan. The next is the bill to test the prac-
ticability and usefulness of the atmospheric
telegraph.
Mr. COLLAMER. The last bill named by
the Chair was the unfinished business of the
morning hour.
Mr. MASON. The bill which I ask the Sen-
ate to take up is to amend or rather to remedy
certain defects found in the diplomatic and con-
sular law of the last session; and I respectfully
submit to the Senate that it is one of greater pub-
lic interest than either of the two bills mentioned.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not question that;
but my idea is that it is better to dispose of the
unfinished business before proceeding with new
matter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia
to take up Senate bill No. 368.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 28, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS~Mes<rs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Benja-
min, Uiggs, Biglci, might, Biodite.ul, lliowit, i uii<T,
Dodge, l'\U|kiUiok, Gejer, Houston, Hunter, iverson,
James, Mason, Pearce, 1'iatt, Pugli, lieu], Stnait,Thomson
of New JerM'y, Toomlx, YVellrr, Wimlu, and Yulee—'2H.
—Messrs. Adam*., Boil of Ti'mirsoe, Collamer,
Duties, flV^unlen, Foot. Foster, Iiail.ui, Jones of Iowa,
Seward, Trumbull, and Wade—12.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded asm Committtee of the Whole to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 36tf) to amend the act en-
titled "An act to remodel the diplomatic and
consular systems of the United States, "approved
March 3, )b55.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, in a very few
words I will state to the Senate the object of this
bill. At the lust session of Congress a law was
passed of a very voluminous character, embrac-
ing both the consular and diplomatic services. One
of the features of that law was in the nature of a
mandate on the President, prescribing the giade
of our foreign ministers, and affixing to those
grades thus proscribed an appropriate salary.
The Executive, very properly, I think, declined
complying with the terms of the l.iw, hreaust; it
trenched on the executive trust. The President
necessarily must be the sole pul';e of the grades of
our foreign ministers. The consequence was—
the intention of Congress being to increase the
salaries at all the courts—not only not to increase,
but in many instances to dumnibh the emolu-
ments.
The principal object, therefore, of this bill is,
leaving it discretionary with the President, as to
the grade of ministers abroad, to affix to each of
those grades, when appointed, an appropriate
salary; and, except in the case of the mission
to France, the salaries are the same as m the bill
of the last session. In the bill of last session,
the salary of the mission to Great Britain was
fixed at $17,500, and that to France at $ir>,000.
It has been thought expedient by the Committee
on Foreign Relations, on the recommendation of
the Secretary of State, to make the mission to
France equal to that to Great Britain, being sat-
isfied that the scale of expenditure there is at
least equal to that in Great Britain.
It was provided in the bill of the last session,
that the salary should not commence until the
minister arrived at his post, and entered on the
duties of his office, and the outfit was taken away.
That was believed to be very onerous. The pre-
sent bill provides that the salary shall commence
when he shall actually leave the country, and
continue until he returns to the United States,
allowing a reasonable time for his return. Then
there is a provision to authorize certain persons
abroad to grant passports under the sanction of
the Secretary of State, and a further provision
making it discretionary with the President,.if
asked, to advance any portion of the salary of a
minister going abroad, provided it shall not ex-
ceed one half year's compensation. That was
deemed indispensable, because, if not done, it
would prevent a great many of those whose
services may be important to the country, on
account of the narrow condition of their means,
from going abroad on the public business.
Mr. SE WARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to make an inquiry? I understand from
the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, that this bill authorizes certain persons
abroad to grant passports to Americans abroad.
Will the gentleman be good enough to inform me
who those persons are, and whether a compen-
sation is to be exacted for their services?
Mr. MASON. The provision is m the sixth
section of the bill, in these words:
"That the Seoietary of State be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to grant pa^ports tocitixens of the United States,
or to cause the same to he issued to the citizens thereof in
foreign countries, by such diplomatic 01 official agents of
the United States only as the President may authorize,
and under such regulations as he may presenile."
There is no provision for compensation. I
have been informed that, at the principal courts
of London and Paris, from the number of our
citizens who go there or pass through there, the
granting of passports really occupies more time
than the legation can afford. Under these regu-
lations and restraints, I suppose the President
would authorize the consuls to issue them at cer-
tain places.
Mr- SEWARD. I have no doubt it. will be a
very great relief to them, and a convenience to
Americans abroad. All that 1 was careful about
was, that there should be 110 statute authorizing
a charge for these passports abroad. Such a
provision would be liable to great abuse, and
introduce into our own consular or diplomatic sys-
tem the abuses which are understood to belong to
the old Governments.
Mr. MASON. There is no provision in the
bill giving them compensation j but of course they
can take it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move an amendment in
the second section. The act of 1855 contains a
section which provides that "all acts or parts of
acts authorizing the payment to ministers and
consuls of the United States of outfits or infitss be,
and the same are hereby, repealed." The first
section of this bill provides for envoys extiaordi-
nary and ministers plenipotentiary. The second
section provides for ministers residentand charges
des allaires, and concludes with this clause:
" But no allowance foroutlit 01 return home&hall in any
ca«e be paid."
From the location of this clause in the bill, it
is subject to the construction that the disallowance
of outfit is confined to ministers resident and
charges des affaires. I move, therefore, the addi-
tion of these words to the end of the sccond sec-
tion:
To any envoy extraordinary, minister plenipotentiary,
mmi-ter reMdent, charge d'affaires, or other diplomatic
agent whatever.
Mr. MASON. I have no objection to the
amendment. It was believed that the clause aa
the end of the second scction applied to the first,
as well as to the second, in construction; but I
have no objection to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The second section, as amended, provides^
" That a minister resident of the United States shall re
ceive compensation at the rate of $7,500 per annum, and a
ehaiee d'affaires of the United States fchall receive com-
pensation at the rate of $4,500 per annum , but no allow-
ance I'm outfit, or return liome,frhaH m any ca-<e be paid to
anv envoy extraordinary, minister plenipotentiary, minis-
ter resident, charge d'affaires, or other diplomatic agent
whatever."
Mr. CASS. I am not going to make any mo-
tion to amend, as I do not desire to encumber the
bill, for I thing it a very proper and necessary
measure. It makes modifications that are called
for*, but there is one provision in the old bill
