1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
028
that there should be no sort of dispute about the j
service. They required therefore record evidence.
Now, the Senator from Georgia will see that is
not a question of equity, but a question of fact,
a Mr. IVERSON. The Senator will allow me
to say that he misunderstands the purport of my
amendment. It says nothing about the character
of the evidence to be produced to show this ser-
vice; but it simply relates to the mode of com-
putation.
Mr. STUART. The Senator must see that it
does, and must, authorize proof by parol evidence
of the travel for which it provides. There is no
other way to prove it.
Mr. IVERSON. It can be proved under the
provisions of this law.
Mr. STUART. No, sir, it cannot. When tlie
law fixes the period of mustering into the service,
the muster rolls show that fact, and so the time
is fixed; but the moment you allow proof of travel
prior to the mustering into service, you rely on
parol testimony alone; Therefore, it is that I
say it opens the door to parol evidence, in every
case which can arise under it, for the purpose of
proving travel; and thus it strikes at the very
foundation of the principle upon which the act of
1855 rested.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator will allow me
I will suggest to him that he is a little mistaken,
because the distance may be proved by the mus-
ter roll of the captain or commander, as well as
the fact of mustering can be. I think there is
nothing in the objection that my colleague's
amendment violates the principle of the act. I
think if the Senator from Michigan will examine
the subject, lie will find that you goto the roll of
the captain of the company for proof in regard to
the time when the company is mustered in and
out of service, and you can get proof in the same
way, by the certificate of the captain as to die
time during which his men were marching before
their being mustered into service, and after their
discharge. Men have actually been paid on the
same evidence as that furnished by the captain
of the company.
Mr. IVERSON. The third section of the
amendments of the Committee on Public Lands
makes this provision:
'• That the leim ' recoidevidence' in the third section of
the act entitled 'An act in addition tov>enaui art* granting
bounty land to certain officers and soldieis who have been
engaged in the military servief of the United States,' ap-
pioved the thud day of March, in the year 1855, shall be
constiued to emhrace ail official registers, repoits, or other
statements cotemporaneous with the military service
alleged, whethersuch registers, reports, or other statements
be lountl in the archives of the United States Government
or the archives of any State, Teiritory, disttict, county,
parish, city, town, village, or other puMie corporation.-'
Mr.STUART. It is exceedingly difficult, Mr.
President, to argue three or four points of differ-
ence at one time. This question was investiga-
ted—investigated for days—when the subject was
before the Senate last year. There are some cases
where the muster rolls of an officer are in exist-
ence and they can be found; but the amendment
of the Senator from Georgia [Mr. I vep.sox ] is not
confined to any such thing; and in nine cases out
of ten the fact is not so. The amendment which
the Senator from Georgia has offered will allow
parol evidence to prove the travel; and, therefore,
I say it strikes at the very foundation of the law
of last year.
Perhaps this is a small matter to talk about,
but I must say that the reasoning which gentle-
men have advanced upon this subject is all wrong
on principle. There never was any reason for
the act of 1855; on the ground on which it stands
it was an arbitrary provision without rea«on.
When you come to look at it, what is it? It pro-
vides that a man who has been mustered into
service and marched in quiet places for fourteen
days, shall receive the same amount of bounty
land as another individual who passed through
the war of the Revolution. There is no compar-
ison between the two cases at all. Yet there
stands the fact 011 the face of the law. Hence
this defect of reasoning, as I think.
The Senator from Georgia [Ml*. Iverson]
says that the man who was mustered into ser-
vice before he went to Florida, and marched four-
teen days, gets one hundred and sixty acres of
land; but the man who marched to Florida, and
was then mustered into service, unless he re-
mained fourteen days, does not get it. xou may
go on amending this law every day m the year
for the next forty years, and you will find just
such.cases remaining. There never was a law
passed, it is not possible for human ingenuity to
devise one, where you will not find an exception
"just left out," barely left out, where the princi-
ple involved is as strong as in the cases embraced
by it. I say you may continue amending the
law every day for tlie next forty years, and you
will find these cases constantly presented to you.
Now, sir, what is the remedy ? It is the rem-
edy which has been adopted by the Senate, and
by the committee; it is, whenever special cases
of hardship and injustice are presented, to report
special bills for them. If a case is presented
which does not fall within the letter of the law,
but comes within its spirit, I should be willing to
report a special bill, giving bounty land; but if you
adopt the amendment offered now by the Senator
from Georgia, I submit again that you are depart-
ing from the established principle. While there
are a few cases, such as the other Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Toombs] suggests, the great mass
of cases now coming up for consideration since
1790 would rest on parol evidence as to the
travel. I cannot speak for the Committee on
Public Lands 011 this point; I am not authorized
to do so, because the subject has not been before
them; but for myself, individually, X can say that
I should not object to this clause if there was a
provision in it that none other than record evi-
dence of travel should be received.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the Senator misappre-
hends the amendment of my colleague. They
must have marched to the rendezvous as an or-
ganized company, and therefore, there is .the evi-
dence of the muster-roll precisely in the same
way as there is m legard to the mustering. If I
i do not misunderstand the amendment, theymust
have marched as an organized company, and
therefore, if there is record evidence m one case,
there is in the other. The evidence js precisely j
the same in both coses, and the amendment does j
not affect tlie question of the evidence by which 1
it is to be decided.
Mr. STUART. I submit that the Senator is
reasoning on the theory of this amendment rather
than on its practical effect. From the inquiries
which frhave made on this subject from individ-
uals and from the Pension Office, I am led to
think that the Senator will find that the difficulty
which I suggest exists; but, as I said, so far as
I am concerned individually, if words shall be
placed in this amendment providing that none
but record evidence shall be received to prove
travel, I am willing to let it go rather than waste
time by talking about it.
Mr. IVERSON. The amendment, if passed,
will be subject to all the other provisions of the
law.
Mr. STUART. But I wish to have tliat set-
tled by an express provision, and I submit that
now that is not the effect of the amendment. I
say again, that so far as my individual vote is
concerned, if the amendment shall be further
amended, so as to require that record evidence
shall be produced to prove the fact—or they may
use the term " muster-rolls of the company"—I
will not consume the time of the Senate by talk-
ing about it; but I assure the Senator that; unless
such a provision be made, nine cases out of ten,
at least, will rest 011 parol proof. When you go
back with an amendment covering the whole pro-
visions of the original law, the Senate will see in
a moment, that the danger of fraud, against which
the act of 1855 intended to provide, will be revived
by this amendment.
Mr. President, I wish to say now, that I have
no tenacity about this bill. I merely desire that
such amendments shall be made to the existing
law as will carry out in good faith its provisions.
It is known that those provisions never met my
judgment, and they do not to-day; but I do not
place my argument now 011 my original objec-
tions. 1 regard the bill as an established law ol
the, land, and I consider that it is my duty, as a.
representative, to carry out that law in good
faith by such amendments as are necessary; but
I am opposed to enlarging its provisions.
I think that the amendment which was alluded
to by the*Senator from Ohio, £Mr. Pugh,] a
member of the Committee on Public Lands—an
amendment which was inserted by the committee
to provide fqr the very Florida service alluded to.
by the Senator from Georgia, at the suggestion
of the Senator from Florida, now absent, {Mr.
Mallory,] who is also a member of the com-
mittee—will cover the case to which the Senator
from Georgia alludes. At alKevents, it can be
made to cover it. The safety of that amendment
is the very fact to which the Senator objects—
that it places the evidence on the testimony of the
regular officers of the Army who were in com-
mand of the companies. That makes it, in point
of safety, ecjual to requiring: the muster-roll of
the officer himself, made at the time. It will be
seen, then, that the committee have not, in the
amendments which they have offered to this bill,
proceeded at all beyonu the original principles of
the law in any particular.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Georgia; but if it be amended
in the mode suggested by the Senator from
Michigan, I shall vote against it. If the Senator
from Georgia, or some other friend of the bill—
and I am glad to know that the Senator from
Michigan frankly avows that he is not one of
them—will not offer an amendment substituting
parol for record evidence, I will offer it myself.
Mr. IVERSON I have an amendment to that
effect, which I shall present.
Mr. HALE. I am very glad to hear it. The
Senator from Michigan very frankly avows that
he is not in favor of this bill.
Mr. STUART. I spoke not of this bill, but
of the original bill of last year.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, he was opposed to the
original bill; sol understood. In other words,
he is not in favor of the policy of the bill. I am
in favor of it, and instead of restiicting it, I would
enlarge it. I would vote to give every man who
did this service, whether he marched in an organ-
ized company or not, the benefit of it, ond tlie
benefit of parol evidence. I can tell the Senator
from Michigan that if he will study the history
of the frauds perpetrated on this Government,
and on its Pension Office, he will find that there
have been more frauds committed by false records
than in any other way. It is a mistake to sup-
pose that you shut the door against frauds when
you exclude parol testimony, for more frauds
have been perpetrated by the manufacture of
forged records? than by perjured witnesses.
The Senator asks whether there is any justice
in this matter. Why, sir, the bill does not pro-
ceed on the principle of exact justice. It is a
gratuity. It proceeds on the principle of the par-
able, in which it is represented that the employer
gave the man who came 111 &t the eleventh hour,
exactly as much as the man who labored during
the burden and the heat of the day. The Sena-
tor from Michigan seems to stand up for the early*
laborers, and he tries to shut out the eleventh,
hour men. The policy of the Government has
been to give bounty land to every man who served
fourteen days. I would give it to every man who
stayed at home, working on his farm and attend- *
ing to his family. I should like to see it enlarged
to that extent, and give to those men as much as
has been given to others; but inasmuch as we
have not such a bill before us, I am for making
this provision liberal, and carrying it out m the
spirit in which it originated; and that will be
done by giving land to every man who served
fourteen days, whether mustered or not, whether
he can prove it by record or not. But, sir, as tiie
hour fixed for the consideration of the order of
the day has arrived, I shall not proceed further,
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope we shall come to
some definite conclusion on this bill to-day.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Texas [Mr. Houston] has the floor to-day at one
o'clock on the resolutions in reference to the naval
board. My colleague, to whom his reply would.
be directed in part, is too unwell to come into the
Senate, and the Senator from Texas has consented
to postpone his remarks, with the consent of the
Senate, until Tuesday next. Therefore, I think
this bill may be disposed of to-day, and if the
Senate aie willing, the honorable Senator from
Texas will have the floor on Tuesday for the pur-
pose of making his remarks.
Mr. HOUSTON. Owing to the indisposition
of the senior Senator from Delaware, I have
agreed to postpone my remarks until Tuesday
next, although I expect soon to return 'to my
family whose continued indisposition will require
me to make a visit home. I was anxious to speak
on the earliest day, and I will ask the Senate now
