IftQ
-t S>
THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 9,
- Mr. LETCHER. My vote will depend upon
, the answer which I shall get from my colored
Republican brethren upon the other side of the
House. [Laughter.] - I should like to know
from them whether there is any prospect of an
election; and whether, if we should .sit here for
twenty-four hours, we should have an organiza-
tion ?" [Voices. There is; we shall have an elec-
tion.] I have heard that cry for the last four,
five, or six weeks. The New York Tribune has
made a regular proclamation of it each morning
during that time, and particularly on Monday
mornings, after a Sabbath day's preaching, and
now the chance is no better than it has been for
five weeks past. [A Voice. It is much better.]
Much better! Will gentlemen be good enough
to tell me the signs. [A Voice. Give usa call
of the roll and you will see.] We have called
the roll from yesterday twelve o 'clock up to this
morning, now eight o'clock, and so feir from
electing a Speaker we are further off from it than
we were ten hours ago. [A Voice. We have
not had a vote in three hours.] Every vote takes
you further off. The signs appear not to be very
auspicious, and I would like to hear from any one
of tnern what it is that indicates that they will
now make an election?
Mr. CUMBACK. The fact thatyougentlemen
on the other side have not permitted us to take a
vote for the last three hours?
Mr. LETCHER*. Have we not allowed you
to call the roll? As f can get 110 satisfactory in-
formation about it, and as I am to judge the future
by the past, I am perfectly satisfied that there is
n© eaithly prospect of making an election at this
time; and that the prospect of some of my colored
Republican brethren is for better for the kingdom
of heaven at this time, than itisfor the election of
a Speaker. I therefore vote m the affirmative.
Mr, EUSTIS. I vote in the affirmative because
I am satisfied that nothing short of the plurality
rule will elect a Speaker of this House—and I
shall vote against that when it comes up. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire to say one word.
The CLERK. The gentleman is out of order,
unless he has not yet voted. The roll shows that
the gentleman has voted.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I have not voted, as I
was sick when my name was called, and was not
present, and I desire to say a word before I rceoid
my vote. I have risen for the purpose of casting
my vote, but before I doit I desire to say, briclly,
that I should regard myself as shameless if 1 were
to charge upon the Democratic party of this House
the sole responsibility of the want of an organiza-
tion. I say 1 should descend lower than I lwvc
yet descended, if I could, after witnessing the
scenes of the past night, charge upon the Demo-
cratic party alone the fault of having failed to
organize this House. I have not time now to
ohnrach'ri/.c properly the conduct of those upon
whom 1 will hereafter charge the failure. Sir, I
must teli those who failed to organize this House,
if anything could demonstrate that they oujyht
never to organize it, the events of the last niijit
show that taW. When more than one hundred
men cannot agree upon any one proposition, not
even a proposition for an adjournment, 1 say it is
unfair find improper to charge upon i he Democratic
party the pole failure to oiganize; and 1 think it
is exceedingly fortunate that it was not organised
in the spirit which prevailed last night; for if it
is organized it ought to do something in the way
of business, and the country would expect it to
do so. Those who have had the power have failed
for five weeks to do it; and if they were finally
to succeed, it would take the balance of the session
before they could so succeed in acting together as
ro accomplish any business.
Mr..C'iRLILE. As the Democrats have had
the physical endurance of their constitutions test-
ed, and a.:? they have taken down their colors,
and have sunk their caucus resolution, I aak
leave of the House to change my vote, and to
vote with them now for an adjournment.
Mr. QX'ITMAN. I desire to say a word be-
fore coming to an announcement of'the vote. 1,
liiio the gentleman from G< orgia, [Air. Cobb,]
am one of those who take the responsibility of
having been one of those who advocated the res-
olution passed by the Democratic caucus a few
nights miico. f was sincerely d< sirous of bring-
ing about «tn organization of this House. 1
advocated the adoption of this test, as I thought
I saw in it one of the means of bringing about
such an organization. The object which I had
in view was, not to test the physical endurance
of members, but to test, by some convenient
method, their mental endurance; to ascertain
whether a majority could be brought together by
being placed under some stress, and be induced
to operate together in organizing this House.
We have made an experiment, and we have
made it fully and sufficiently. It has been de-
monstrated to us that we are at a dead lock, and
that there is not the slightest probability that
any result can arise from a union of any of these
parties. If I could see any other mode of coming
to a result as feasible as 1 thought this one to be
at the time I advocated it, I would cheerfully
pursue it. For myself, I do not feel the least
fatigue, and this is but the commencement of such
a struggle as I would cheerfully go through, if I
could see that it would bring about the result
that was intended by this. The Democratic
party, with which I have acted, thought their
duty to the country required that they should
show their disposition to effect an organization
of this House. They have shown that dispo-
sition, and they have tested this  plan suffi-
ciently long to show that the several parties of
this House ait; more widely separated than be-
fore. I am content with the experiment, and I
shall not be deterred from voting for an adjourn-
ment by the taunts and ridicule of members. I
desired to see an organization, and in advocating
the resolution in the Democratic caucus I as-
sumed 110 more responsibility than I am ready
to meet. By it I endeavored to bring about an
organization of the House. I believe that it is
the duty of the Opposition to elect a Speaker.
We have given them every possible opportunity
to bring up a majority in favor of some indi-
vidual. We find, then, that this attempt has
failed. Gentlemen 011 the other side have failed
to bring up a majority in favor of any indi-
vidual
The same reason which induced me to take the
steps which I have already taken wiil induce me
to take hereafter still further steps for the pur-
pose of forcing an organization. I desire to re-
cord my vote in the affirmative.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would like,
with the permission of the House, to make a few
remarks, by way of explanation, and which will
not occupy five minutes. I wish to say, Mr.
Clerk, that the party with which it has been my
pride and pleasure to act have always, since the
commencement of this session, been anxious—as
I think they have shown by their conduct, as I
think the record proves mcontestably—to effect
an organization. They have taken no measures,
they have done nothing, tending directly or in-
directly to defeat or delay an organization. They
have iii five several instances,! believe, proffered
the plurality rule—a rule to which the House was
obliged to resort in 1849, and under which an or-
ganization was effected by thcoleetion of the able
arid-distinguished gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Cobb.] That precedent the party with'whicli I
have acted here has offered to the House m some
five or six instances.
The other evening, the Democratic party in
caucus—ay we wen; informed through the columns
of the official organ—proposed, m order to effect
an organization, that there should be a continuous
session until that result should bo attained. We
believed, from their resolution, that they had
come to the conclusion that that was a proper
and legitimate way to accomplish this most de-
sirable result. They so said to us, 111 effect, by
the language of their resolution; nay, they so said
to every -member of this House. We had a right
to believe that they were honest and sincere in
tiiat dejaiation made to us. We said to them:
" UentK-mcn, if you really desire that there shall
be an organization of this House now, after this
1 Diig delay, we will meet you frankly, and in
good faith, and we, on our part, will do all we
can to aid m organizing the House of Represent-
atives.'' We came here m ihai spirit, Mr. Clerk;
and I ask you what has been the history of the
bst twenty-four hours? Have we not. 021 tins
side of the House, voted, and refrained almost
entirely from doing anything eifse? If there have
been disgraceful scenes h^re—as gentlemen s:.y
there have been—I ask you, did we participate in
them ? I ask you who made the speeches that
have been delivered here within the last eighteen
hours? Have not gentlemen of the Democratic
and American parties consumed in speaking
nearly all the time that we have expended since
-we came here yesterday? Why, sir, the mem-
bers on this side have not occupied, in all, thirty
minutes of the twenty hours of this session. We
have been here voting constantly, and not talking.
We have- been faithfully endeavoring-to carry
out the object for which we were invited to a
continuous session. We have acted upon the
idea that, if iS speech was silvery, silence was
golden."
Now, I make these remarks in order that the
country may understand that the Republican
party, or the friends of Mr. Banks—Tyhether of
that or any other party—are not responsible for
the failure to organize; that they have at all times,
and on all occasions, done what was hr their
power to effect an organization; that while-they
have been taunted and reproached, while they
have been assailed and reviled, and called by every
name of opprobrium which gentlemen could use,
they have seen fit to bide their time. They have
felt that they could afford to wait. They knew
they were right. They knew that they were the
true friends of the Constitution and of the Union,
and that they would be vindicated by the people.
And so they have not deemed it necessary here
to do more than to execute their duty in the true
way; and that was by voting, not by talking.
Mr. LINDLEY. I should like, before I cast
my vote, to ask the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Washburn] in what consisted the scenes of dis-
grace to which he alludes as having occurred here
within the last twenty-four hours? In justice to
himself as a member of this body, and because
the fact has been alluded to so frequently within
the la/st ten hours, i desire him to state what he
has reference to, I have seen nothing but good
humor at the eccentricities of a few gentlemen on
this floor. I should therefore like that the gen-
tleman from Maine would let the country know
what disgraceful scenes are those to which so
much allusion has been made. It is due to the
honor of this body that he should state now what
he means.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would state to the gen-
tleman [Mr. Lixdi.eyJ that I made no reference
to him or to any other member. I simply spoke
of the fact that gentlemen who had spoken here
had alluded to disgraceful scenes here to-night.
I did not state whether these "scenes were dis-
graceful or not. I simply alluded to the fact that
gentlemen had charged that disgraceful scenes
had transpired here; and, if they had, I asked
whether the Republicans had part cipatedin them,
or been in any way responsible for them. I de-
clared that they had not; and for the truth of
what I said, I appeal to gentlemen and I appeal
to the record.
Mr. HOWARD. Before I record my vote, Mr.
Clerk, I wish to say a few words. We have
been here, sir, twenty hours. It has been a
very busy session, and yet less than four hours
have been occupied in calling the roll for the
election of a Speaker. Loss than four hours, I
say, have been occupied in the business of organ-
ization. Now, sir, the record itself will show
about what the House has been occupied all the
balance of the time. The record will show who
they were that made the motions to adjourn, and
who voted for and who voted against an adjourn-
ment. I simply desire to say that those with
whom T have acted since the commencement of
the session have acted in good faith, with a view
to promote an organization, let who would get
the benefit of it. We met our Democratic
brethren m good faith; we did our best to effect
an organization; we steadily voted against ad-
journments; made no motions with a view to
take up time, but constantly urged the calling of
the roll and the proceeding with the organization
of the House. With respect to scencs of dis-
grace, if any such there have been—1 make no
charge*} of that kind; but allusions have been
made to such scenes—I have only to say that I
believe not one of the " colored "brethren "—as
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] is
pleased to term them—has done a thing during
the night calculated to excite even a smile. Wc
have steadily pursued our business. As to who
they were who have made these motions which
