1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
■which I never liked, and I suggest to my honor-
able friend from Virginia the propriety of mod-
ifying it. I will merely suggest it. The original
bill contains a provision, that no consular or diplo-
matic agent of the United States shall be absent
from his post at all; and even with the consent of
the President he can only be absent ten days, and
then his salary is forfeited. There are positions
in Europe where a mail cannot well stay all the
time but ten days. He is the only officer in the
Government placed there, and even the President
cannot allow him to leave his post for more than
ten days, and then for the tea days his salary is
forfeited. I merely suggest whether some mod-
ification should not be made in regard to that
provision-, but 1 shall make no motion.
Mr. MASON". I would concur in such an ,
-amendment} if it were made. I have no right to j
put it in this bill, for fear that it would meet dis- j
-approbation, and lead to embarrassment else- j
where. 1 think it is an inconvenient and embar- j
rassing provision to our ministers abroad. ;
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that provis-
ion to be repealed by the present bill before the
Senate.
Mr. CASS. No.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes it is, and by express
terms.
Mr. MASON. Where?
Mr. BENJAMIN. In the last section of the
bill, and 1 was going to call attention to that and
some other provisions of the bill of last year. It
provides that
" So much of the act approved 1st March, 18.">5, entitled
' An act to remodel the diplomatic and consular systems of
the United Urates,' a  relates to, or atfects th#* diplomatic
scrvice of the United State*, and so much of the ptovisions
of any act as maybe incompatible with the piovi&ions of
t!iis> act, be, and tlie same aie hereby, repealed-"
Mr. MASON. That is the provision of the
bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That provision unques-
tionably repeals every provision of the act of
March 1, 1655, which relates to the diplomatic
service, and amongst others, that to which the
Senator from Michigan refers.
Mr. BRODHEAD. it does not repeal the
whole bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It repeals in express terms
the whole bill so far as it affects the diplomatic
.service. That being the case, there are three
provisions in the bill of last year relating to the
diplomatic service, whu.li are repealed by this re-
pealing clause. It is to these provisions that I
intended to call the attention of the Committee
on Foieign delations, to know whether it was
their mtenuon to repeal those clauses entirely,
i think there is no doubt that they are repealed
by this, suction. Dues the chairman of the com-
tee doubt that ?
Mr. MASON. Yes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I so understand the pro-
vision.
Mr. MASON. It is not so intended, or so
cuiistrued.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The seventh section pro-
vides that
co much of the act appioved 1st March, 18.>5, entitled,
1 An <u.t t«> i«inodel the diplomatic and eon ula.r systems of
the Cmted .Stale-.; :t«s ndates lo, or allcet-^ the diplomatic
t-ci\ lev of the United States, and r.o much of the pioviMons
ol any act as may be incompatible with the provisions of
this act be, and me -;une aie hereby, repealed."
Air. OOLLAMElt. It saves nothing but the
consular part of the former law.
Mr. BENJAMIN, it saves nothing but the
consular part of that bill. It repeals everything
in that bj 11 relating to the diplomatic servicc.
There are three provisions of tnat bill relating to
diplomatic sen ice, and 1 desire to inquire of the
chairman if these three clauses of tnat bill are
intentionally pioposed to be repealed ? The first
is the eightii section, which provides, as the Sen-
ator from Michigan has observed,
"That no envoy exnaommary or mmwter plenipoten-
tiary or &ecteui\ w ccc . .-hah ub-w nt himself
JiOui the counl;\ lu nlii'-li he i- a^etedited en a longer
peuodthan ten d.n^ without pscvioudy having obtained
ieiuo l\o:n tne i'le^dem oi die Oi.teu &tates.;'
Mr. CASS. Does it Fay "country?"'
Mr. BENJA.M1N. Yes, sir; he shall not
leave the country nune than ten days without
leave of ihc Prc-id'jiit of the United States, it
docs say that, for absence longer than that time,
witn or without leave, salary bha!l not he allow-
ed him i s-nould be p?nectly willing to have
shall keep an office open, and shall remain in th«
country to which they were accredited—that
Congress has no right to legislate on these sub-
jects?
Mr. MASON. I mean to say exactly what I
have said, that the whole executive power by the
Constitution is lodged in the Piesident; that the
diplomatic service, in our foreign intercourse, I
understand to be necessarily a part of that execu-
tive power; and that, if Congress undertakes to
prescribe minutely what the minister shall do, or
what he shall not do, abroad, in relation to his
office hours, or the place of keeping lus office, or
anything else, it trenches on the executive power.
The President may find it, and doubtless has
found it, important and desirable, in the conduct
of our foreign intercourse fiom time to time, to
use some portion of the fund, which is always
placed at the control of the Executive for con-
tingent expenses of foreign intercourse, to enable
a minister to perform acts which, if we could
legislate on the subject, he would be forbidden
from doing by law.
But as to the point of construction, the ques-
tion, how much of that act is repealed by the
term "diplomatic servicer" must depend of neces-
sity on the construction placed on that term. I
think it will repeal that portion of the law which*
I care but little about—in regard to the place
where the minister shall keep his office in the city
where he may reside. I do not think it will re-
peal that portion which restricts a minister from
leaving the country to which he is accredited for
more than ten days, because that does not pertain
to the organization of our diplomatic intercourse,
or the organization of our foreign missions. The
term was inserted carcfuily, with a view to have
its effect according to the proper technical mean-
in"* which may be assigned to it, when the inquiry
is, how much of the law of lboo is repealed:"
| Mr. BENJAMIN. As I do not agree with the
i Senator in relation to the construction given to
i the seventh section, 1 move to strike out of that
section the words "so much,'' and insert the
words (i the first and second sections," so that
the clause will read:
And the first and second sections of the act approved 1st
March, 1&55, entitled - An act to remodel the diplomatic
and consular &ystems of the United states,31 &c.
And then to strike out, in the eighth line, the
words " as relates to or afiects the diplomatic ser-
vice of the United States." The effect, then, will
be to repeal the two first sections of the law of
last year, and so much of the provisions^ any
act as arc incompatible with the provisions of
this.
The section, as proposed to be amended, reads
as follows:
Spc. 7. Jlnd be if further enacted, That the first and sec-
ond sections of the act of Congiess appioved on the \A
May, 1810, entitled uAn act fixing the componsaiion of
public inmisteia, and of consuls residing on the coast of
Barbarv, and for other purpose-, and the firttand second
sections of the act appioved 1st March. 18«>5. entitled •'•'An
act to remodel the diplomatic and consular of the
United States and so much of the provisions of any act
as may be incompatible with the provisions of this act, be,
and the same aie herebj', icpealed.
Mr. MASON. The effect of that will be, to
repeal those two sections specifically, and to leave
inoperative (what it was intended by this bili to
repeal) so much of that law as took from the
Executive what we consider to be his exclusive
trust of regulating, organizing, and being re-
sponsible for the diplomatic service of the coun-
try.
The amendments were agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 20, noes 13.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am now willing to move
an amendment m accordance with the suggestion
of the Senator from Michigan, if it be acceptable
to the Senator from Virginia, as I have no doubt
it will be; and that is, to repeal so much of the
eighth section of the act of last year as deprives
of salary the diplomatic agent who may he absent
from his post with the consent of the President.
I think, under those circumstances, the salary
ought not to be suspended. I will draw up ftn
amendment to that cftect if it meets the concur-
rence of the committee.
Mr. MASON. I shall agree to the amendment,
but T am afraid the effect wj!1 be to destroy the
that last clause stricken out, and allow the salary
to be continued whenever the minister shall,
with the consent of the President, be absent from
the country to which he is accredited; but I
would not be willing to have that portion of the
law repealed which prohibits our diplomatic
agents abroad leaving the country to which they
are accredited for more than ten days, without
leave from the President.
There is another section that is perhaps unne-
cessary, but which I should not like to see directly
repealed, which provides that the President shall
appoint no other than citizens of the United
States to these offices. That is the ninth section.
Mr. MASON. That refers to consuls only, I
think, but I am not certain of it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir. It refers to the
diplomatic service, and for that reason I call at-
tention to it. These throe sections relate to the
diplomatic service. If we repeal them expressly,
it will leave the inference, that our imniaters
abroad are at liberty to desert their posts when-
ever, in their discretion, they may think proper,
without leave from the President; and further,
that we are not disposed to limit the appointment
of our diplomatic agents abroad to citizens of the
United States. Then, the next section, the
tenth, which is also repealed, as I understand,
by the seventh section of this bill, provides;
" That the envoys extraordinary, and ministers plenipo-
tentiary fchall be Required to locate their legations in the
place-, at which they are, m as oential a position as can be
conveniently proeined, and keep them open dallv fiom ten
o'clock till ibnr o'clock m the aftornoon, Sundays, other
holidays, and anniversaries excepted."
Ii that is to be repealed, it ought to be done
expressly, so that we may know it. I think these
three provisions are not unwise, and ought not
to be repealed without some good reason for the
repeal.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, what is repealed
and what is not repealed in the law of the last
session by the clause of this bill, to which the
Senator has adverted, will depend, of course,
upon the meaning which is properly applicable
to the term " diplomatic service." Now, as far
as lean place any construction on the operation
of this bill embracing this term, it will not repeal
so much of the act as prohibits a foreign minis-
ter leaving the country to which he is accredited,
even with the approbation of the President, for
more than ten days. But the provision was care-
fully worded with a view to leave, as it was the
intention of the bill to leave, all that pertains to
the diplomatic service of the country—giving to
that term the meaning which I shall presently
suggest—exclusively to the Executive, where we
consider the Constitution has placed it.
Our foreign ministers, whatever their grade
may be, are but the representatives of the Gov-
ernment abroad — the whole Government of
course, but of necessity the organs of the Execu-
tive. The Constitution of the United States has
lodged with the President the executive power,
without undertaking to define what the executive
power is. Careful and jealous as it has been in
every other grant of power—careful to measure
out power to the Legislature—in giving to the
President the authority that is intended to be
given to him, it is simply spoken of as the execu-
tive power. Now, as we consider it, apart of
executive power is supreme control, free from
the intervention of legislation, over the diplo-
matic service.
Then, as to the diplomatic scrvice: That, as I
am informed, lias attained pretty much a techni-
cal meaning in the diplomatic intercourse of na-
tions. For instance: the hill of last year, in the
very case spoken of by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, has prescribed where the office
of the minister shall be kept, what hours shall be
appropriated to the duties of his office, and prob-
ably whathouis he must remain in the office. As
wo understand—certainly as I understand—that
is a matter winch is not within legislative con-
trol, because it pertains to the diplomatic service.
These are the immediate oig&ns of the £xf cutive,
and must remain so, subject to his control, and
subject to his instruction and to the discretion of
Ins instructions without inteivention from any
quarter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit ..
me to interrupt him for a moment? Do I under- j| bill. I am satisfied that the bill will be of com-
stand him to fedy that Congress has no right to Jj paratively little value, as far as the control over
prescribe by statute tnat oar ministers abroad •' diplomatic service is concerned in the hands of
