1856!.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO B.
189
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Washburne, of Maine.
Ho. op Reps.
and Nebraska can never become free States.
Withdraw, then, your opposition and allow the
bill to pass. «.
But to the point. It is said that persons came
over from Missouri in sufficient numbers to con-
trol the elections in Kansas, both by voting them-
selves and bv driving away from the polls resi-
dents of the "Territory. Now, if this be not so,
why object to examining into it ? If it is not |
true, the examination will turn out In your favor, !
and against us. I am against apartisan examina- !
tion. • I am against sending a commission out
there. I want the witnesses to be brought here,
where any member of the committee can ask any
question he pleases. Let the facts be brought,
and let us see how it is. We have been discuss-
ing the matter long enough to have had the inform-
ation here. If the House will authorize the Com-
mittee of Elections to send to Kansas for persons
and papers, I have no doubt the facts charged will
be fully and satisfactorily ascertained. Gentlemen
say, that the House is estopped from making any
inquiry into the matter. Estopped, sir—how so ?
This House has not authorized or assented to
them, or been party to them. Should not the mat-
ter, then, be brought out? Should this House
refuse to take any action upon the subject, and
thus encourage insurrection? I think not. I hope
they will not. I have not been a member of Con-
gress long, and probably I shall not be here again.
But I have a feeling for this nation. This Con-
gress is looked up to, 1 know, by the people, and '
they will be much disappointed if they hear that
we refuse to take any action upon this subject.
Why, then, should gentlemen refuse ? ' Indeed,1PI
have not heard the facts denied. . Gentlemen do not
deny them, but they say, what if they are true ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The facts are denied.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia denies them, he is the first man I have heard.
Mr. SMITH. I say the facts are denied; but j
even if they were true, they would furnish no :
good reason- for going into this investigation, j
Now, one other thing, by the permission of the .
gentleman. A great many curious attempts have
been made in this debate so fax as I have heard
it, and among others, the most singular one I have
heard, is to prove that the insurgents—those who
are endeavoring to set up an adversary govern-
ment against the regular one—are the people of
Kansas, when in every exhibit that has yet been
made, they have been shown to be in the minority.
Mr. GRANGER. Then why not investigate,
if the facts are all on your side ?
Mr. SMITH. I will answer the gentleman
cheerfully at the proper time.
Mr. SIMMONS. If the facts are denied, they
certainly oughtto be investigated. Gentlemen stand
in the singular position of denying the charges,
but at the same time refusing an investigation,
and sayingthatif they are true they are of no con-
sequence. Now, sir, is it of no consequence if
"these facts are true ? Is it not of the greatest con-
sequence ? If it is true, as has been charged, that
there has been really an insurrection, or, rather,
an invasion—that elections have been controlled
by people of Missouri, and the voters driven from
the polls—is it a matter of no consequence that
the actual residents and inhabitants of Kansas
have been overpowered and deprived of their rights
of self-government ? Is it of no consequence, that a
despoticgovernment is placed over them by others,
imposing upon them laws and institutions abhor-
rent to their feelings? Is itofno consequence, that
nullification and usurpation trample the laws of
the United States under foot, and freemen unac-
customed to such things are the victims ?
If the matter cannot be ascertained, what is the
remedy? There is reason to believe, from the
President's Kansas message, and from the remon-
strances of citizens through Governor Reeder,
that there has been some sort of disturbance or
invasion to the injury of the people of Kansas.
If it is so difficult to ascertain these facts, as gen-
tlemen allege, then vacate the seat of Whitfield,
and let the election be gone over with proper
safeguards for legal voting. If we had done so
the second day of the session, we would have
had a Delegate by the new election here by this
time. The notoriety of the facts is such that we
can almost take notice of them without this inves-
tigation. I only doubt whether we have that
right. How would we inform ourselves in diffi-
culties like that of Rhode Island ? Are we to
send for persons and papers, or authorize a com-
mittee to send for persons and papers, to ascertain
whether there is a rebellion or not? Are we to
do this when we ourselves know by every means
of public knowledge that the rebellion is in
actual existence ? If gentlemen will vacate this
seat, I will vote with them, and send the election
back to the people. This is the right way. But
gentlemen say, suppose the facts alleged are true,
what do they amount to? They amount to a
revolution in the Territory.'
Gentlemen might say that nullification in South
Carolina did not amount to much. General Jack-
son thought otherwise. I do not mean by ap-
plying the word nullification to cast reflection on
anybody. I once had about fifteen minutes' con-
versation with Mr. Calhoun, and left him with
the impression that he was an intelligent, frank,
and fascinating man. If everybody left him as
I did, he would have been elected President unan-
imously. We all know his peculiar notions—the
extreme doctrines of State-rights. Now, the
question here is, whether Congress is going to
sustain this Legislative Assembly? If this bean
insurrection or invasion, and we refuse to inquire
into it, to investigate and act, and encourage the
insurrectionists, what will be the result? Men
may overrun a Territory or a State—put down
the legal government—erect one of their own—
and, forsooth, we cannot go behind this! I do not
believe that Congress is prepared for this. To
be sure, it may be said that the persons here
making these allegations want to make political
capital. We say, to prevent them doing so is to
come right forward and let the facts be known.
Let the facts be ascertained, or the election gone
over. If it is supposed that the people of this
country will be satisfied without an ascertain-
ment of the facts, is to give them a character for
softness, credulity, and superficiality which does
not belong to them.
It will be believed that the law under which
Whitfield was elected was passed by this pre-
tended Assembly; undoubtedly, these pretenders
are men of talent. Many of these people display
more talent than is to be found in many rigntly
chosen legislative bodies. I could name a half-
dozen Abolitionists who could make laws as good
in their way. These fellows are intelligent and
shrewd. In this instance the difficulty is, that the
Missourians went it a little too strong. From the
reading of their laws one can instantly infer there
was no northern man in the Legislative Assembly.
The organic act prohibits anybody to vote in the
Territory who is not an inhabitant and resident.
Then we have the right to see whether the Assem-
bly has been chosen lawfully under the Kansas-
Nebraska act, which is the constitution of that
Territory. But gentlemen say, we are estopped.
If estoppel means that when outsiders come into
a Territory, prevent the will of the people resi-
dent there from taking effect or expressing itself,
take possession of the government, and erect one
of their own, we cannot inquire'into the matter,
then I do not understand it. I think an estoppel
requires two parties. Here we have only one—
the people of Missouri and Mr- Whitfield, their
representative—the representative of Missouri-
ans. Mr. Reeder is only a messenger, an agent
of the people of Kansas; though expressing the
will of the people of Kansas, if the facts are found
to be true, as alleged, I cannot consider him any-
thing but an agent, in any point of view.
If Missourians have invaded the Territory, and
elected Whitfield here wrongfully, it ought to be
known and corrected. Even those- who claim
that, in a true democracy, the people ought to be
allowed to rise up without law and choose who-
ever pleases them, confine the right to the limits
of the State—to its inhabitants. But they do not
go so far as this House is asked to go. Rhode
Island confined itself to the people of the same
State. They had a majority m that State,which
stood upon the law of their own making by a
simple revolution, and were opposed to a minor-
ity, which stood upon the old chartered consti-
tutional government and laws. But now we are
told that this law goes a step further—that it may
not only be a majority of the same State without
law over a minority with the law in its own
j hands, but that it may be a majority procured
from a sister State without law. I should like to
know how long the Union will stand in that way?
It will not stand at all, but will be changed,
though changed by degrees. They will go on,
one by one, and in a short time all the States will
change their constitutions in that violent and rev-
olutionary way. Only let the precedent be^set
hc|£.
Now, I think the true course is to ascertain
whether the organic law which we made for that
Territory has been violated, for we only author-
ized inhabitants to vote; and we should look into
the matter where we have probable cause or sus-
picion , to see whether a sufficient number of others
have voted to change the whole result of the elec-
tion. If we find that it is so, we should set the
election aside, and allow another man to be
elected. If this House refuses to do that, it gives
up one of its greatest privileges. Upon what basis
does this House sustain itself? The executive
department has its power and privilege to defend
, itself. It has its negative power upon every act
i passed by these two Houses, and that power is
necessary to preserve the independence of the
Executive. The judiciary department has its de-
fensive power, which is to declare all laws uncon-
stitutional which are not in conformity to the
Constitution. And now, what defensive power
did our Constitution-makers provide for us ?
Why, this very power of judging of the " elec-
tion , qualification, and returns'' of our own mem-
bers; and we have the right to look through every-
thing in order to purge the House of illegitimate
members, so as to secure its own independence.
We must do it, otherwise we become the mere
tools and slaves of the Territories and States; or,
if we adopt the construction placed upon it by
the gentleman from Maryland, then we become
the slaves of the Executive, and it appears that
the legislative department, which immediately
represents the people, will tie up their own hands.
I am for living up to the Constitution, and for
examining this matter thoroughly. The power
of originating and withholding supplies is not as
efficient in preserving the independence of the
peoples' Representatives as this of judging of the
election of its own members, because this is a
constant, ordinary remedy—that only for rare and
extraordinary cases.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. I. WASHBURN, JR.
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
March 14, 1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from- the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, said:
Mr. Speaker: In the remarks which I shall
submit at this time, it will be my purpose to speak
directly, though in no formal or set phrase, to the
points fairly raised by the resolutions before the
House. If the previous question shall be sus-
tained—and I propose to mo ve it before I sit down,
because I think the discussion has been suffici-
ently protracted upon this preliminary question
—the first vote will be upon the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Botce j] to
recommit with resolutions of instruction. These
resolutions do not contemplate the passage of that
reported by the Committee of Elections; so that,
if the motion to recommit with the instructions
shall prevail, power to send for persons and pa-
Cers will not be granted, and the committee will
e compelled to pursue their investigation without
the testimony which they desire to aid them in
their endeavor to reach a just and satisfactory
conclusion, and under instructions bearing upon
the case of Governor Reeder, rather than that of
General Whitfield.
The proposed instructions are in conflict with
opinions which have been expressed on the other
side of the House as well as on this, and partic-
ularly with those advanced by the gentleman from
Georgia* [Mr. Stephens,] and the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] I do not suppose
