1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
occupied the House sixteen hours out of the
twenty, the record itself shows, and I need not
speak about it.
And now, sir, 1 wish to say a word to my Dem-
ocratic friends upon the other side of the House.
I desire to give them a little advice: and I am sure
they will take it kindly, for I proffer it in no other
solvit bat that of kindness. Inasmuch as ques-
tions of religion have been more or less mixed up
with the discussions during the past night, and
inasmuch as there seems to be a sort of—I do not
know what it is—I do not charge any direct alli-
ance, but there seems to be at least a sympathy,
a kindly feeling, existing between the Democratic
party and the Catholic church. I will not speak
disrespectfully either of'the church or of the
party; but I would suggest, in all kindness, that
a confessor be brought, in for the benefit of our
Democratic brethren; that they procure absolu-
tion for the violation of their caucus obligations,
in these votes to adjourn; and then, that we pro-
ceed to shake hands and part with mutual good
feelings.
Mr. G1DDINGS. Mr. Clerk, before I vote I
have one word of explanation that I desire to
make to the House. In relation to these mani-
festations of unkind feelings, I do not participate
in them in any degree whatever. I think this
House presents to the country and to the world
a spectacle of moral sublimity. \Vc arc here
endeavoring to do our duty to ourselves and to
the country. I am sorry that there should be
any expression of unkind feeling or dissatisfac-
tion among my fellow-members. Sir, I have seen
nothing in the scenes of the past night that I have
to regret. I rejoice that we have at last come to
the stand which we now occupy. I am glad we
have continued our session through the night.
Sir, the people of the country ought to know ex-
actly what has transpired.
So far as the conduct of «ny fellow-members
has been concerned, I will say that it has* been
quite equal to my expectations. On this side of
the House we have seen nothing upon the part
of a single member that we can have cause to
regret; and so far as our friends on the other
side are concerned, let me say that they have
done a greatdeal better than I expected. [Laugh-
ter.]
Now, sir, I cannot see that we are likely to
bring about any beneficial result by protracting
the session further, and I shall therefore change
my vote, and vote to adjourn.
Mr. CULLEN. Mr. Clerk, I will not avail
myself of this late hour in the session to make
the personal explanation which is demanded by
some charges that have been made in the course
of this debate, somewhat personal to myself.
Finding that members are anxious to adjourn,
and that nothing further is likely to be accom-
plished, I withdraw my vote, and vote ay upon
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. WATSON. I feel called upon, from the
fact that I see no possible indication of any result
from prolonging tiiis session further, to withdraw
my vote, and to vote in the affirmative.
Mr. STANTON. 1 have thus far voted in the
negative upon all motions to adjourn. I will
state, however, that for three hours I have been
perfectly satisfied that nothing would be effected
by continuing longer in session. I now ask leave
to change my vote; I vote ay.
Mr. ORR. I move that the reading of the
names be dispensed with.
Mr. HUGHSTON. I object.
Mr. ORR. Very well; go on and read them,
if the gentleman wants to hear them.
The result of the vote was then announced, as
above stated.
The House thereupon (at half pasteighto 'clock,
a. m., Thursday) adjourned till to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 10, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Monday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of citizens of Iowa, praying for a grant of land
to aid in the construction of a railroad from a point
on the Mississippi, in the State of Iowa, to the
Missouri at or near the mouth.of the Big Sioxix;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, the petition of James Butler, an invalid
pensioner, praying to be allowed arrears of pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. JAMES presented the memorial of Eliza
and Abby E. Peck, of Providence, Rhode Isl-
and, heirs-at-law of Major William Peck, of the
Rhode Island line, asking for the half pay granted
by the resolve of 21st October, 1780, after deduct-
ing the commutation at one eighth its nominal
value; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Levi
Robinson, praying to bo allowed fishing bounty
for the schooner Mary Jane: and also compensa-
tion for preserving and taking care of public
property; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also, the petition of 11. A. Wainwright, Cap-
tain of Ordnance, praying fo be relieved from the
payment of a certain amount of public money
which was stolen from him; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL 01? PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
OtdcrcJ, Tnat the memorial and accompanying papeis
of Reuben il. Grant, praying for the payment of a claim
against the Choctaw Indian^, bo withdrawn from the files
oi the Senate, ami refeired to the Committee on Indian
Allans.
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. BROWN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to settle certain ac-
counts between the United States and the State
of Mississippi.
THE CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
j sent, and agreed to:
] Reioh'cd, That th« President be requc^d, if it be com-
patible with the public mteiest, to communicate to t!i° Sen-
ate a copy of the Ictrei of Lord John Itussell to .Mr. Cramp-
ton, daicd January 19, 1 hi which tin: ftiuish Gjvcui-
montdei-«l:npd that they "intend to ndhcre Mrictlv to the
treaty of Washington of the J9th April, )&7), and not t<y
assume any sovereignty, dneet or indirect, m Ccntjan
America." ^ J
THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD. ▼
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of Thomas
Browncll, late a lieutenant in the United States
Navy, who was dropped from the rolls in accord-
ance with a decision of the late naval retiring
board, praying to be restored to his former posi-
tion in the service; which was referred to the Com -
miitee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of William
S. Ogden, late a commander in the United Slates
Navy, asking for an opportunity to rebut any
charges upon which he may have b<jen droppeil
from the Navy, and for such relief as his case
demands; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of J. Howard March, late a
passed midshipman, complaining of the action
of the laic naval board, under which he was
dropped from the service, and asking that such
action with regard to himself may be investigated:
which*was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to present to the
Senate the memorial, with some accompanying
documents, of T. Darrah Shaw, a commander in
the United States Navy, who was placed on the
retired list, in accordance with a decision of the
late naval retiring board, praying to be restored
to his former position m the Navy.
Mr. President, although the action of the naval
board, in the case of Commander Shaw, casts no
imputation upon his integiityas a man and as an
officer, he complains of their decision; and. whilst
I occupy the floor, I beg leave to say a word m
reference to the proceedings of the board and the
case of Commander Shaw. The Secretary of the
Navy affirms that the law establishing this board
was wise. He says, in his annual report:
" The provisions of the law are generous ; indeed, strik- j
mgly liberal; but they are at the Muno time exacting and !
sternly ju t." j
He also affirms that the action of the board has |
been salutary and useful in reinvigorating the j
Navy; but, notwithstanding this, he remarks: |
" It would be strange, indeed, if their work were perfect i
and entirely free from, error. Those errors, if they exist,
will soon and surely be discovered by the developments or
time, by continued inquiry, and by calm, dispassionate Ob-
servation." * * * * " And while I can by no means
recommend the adoption of any measure of repeal, or arty
course of proceeding m conflict with the general action of
the hoard, I have no doubt that there should be and will bo
found a remedy for any mistake or error of judgment, if the
service has thus been deprived of a mentorious and capable
officer, either by reservation or dropping."
In these sentiments of the Secretary of the
Navy—so well expressed—in regard to the law
and the action of the board underlt, and in regard
to the errors into which the board unintentionally
may have fallen, I most fully concur. I believe
that the board has committed an unintentional
error in the case of Commander Shaw, for I con-
sider him fully competent to discharge his dirties,
both ashore and afloat. He is a friend and con-
stituent of mine; and in moving the reference of
his memorial and papers to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, I must say that I think they, in
their wisdom, will find this case one demanding
a compliance with the suggestions of the Secre-
tary of the Navy."
Commander ?3haw was not here during the
deliberations of the board. He was in the West
Indies, in command of the sloop of war Falmouth,
lie has been twenty-six vears in the service,
fourteen of them at sea. Upon diligent inquiry
respecting his ease, I cannot discover that he has
ever been wanting in the discharge of his duty.
If the Committee on Naval Affans, upon consult-
ation with the Secretary of the Navy, find his case
to be such as I have stated it, and as I believe it
to be, I trust they will discover some mode by
which he can be restored to active service. "I
move the reference of the memorial and papers
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, in reference to
what has fallen from the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, suggesting the probable action of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs to extend to an inquiry
into cases in which it has been supposed this naval
board may have fallen into error—among others
that of the memorialist represented by the honor-
able Senator—I am rather disposed to think that
"when the committee shall take that subject up for
consideration, it will be found almost, if not en-
tirely, impracticable to give that extended inquiry
into the cases of particular officers which is sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. My attention has been very forcibly
drawn to the action of that naval board, approved
as it has been altogether without exception or
discrimination by the Executive, from the fact
that many officers of the Navy—some in the high-
est grade, others in lower grades—from the State
of' Virginia, have been subjected to the action of
that board. Some of those officers, not many,
were personally known to me; all of them were
known in the portions of the Statu from whence
they respectively came; and wiih very few ex-
ceptions it has "been most forcibly pressed upon
my attention that at home—that is to say in the
State from whence they came and amongst those
who had known them, as well as known their
career in the public service—they were looked
upon not only as competent and efficient, but as
gallant and able, officers,whose services the coun-
try ought not to dispense with. J say, for these
reasons, that the action of that board has been
most strongly brought to my notice by the people
of my own State, as well as by the officers who
have thus been disrated or dropped. I have pre-
sented two or three memorials, which took the
usual course of reference to the Committee on
Naval Affairs; but I reserved my judgment,which
is still reserved, upon all the questions affecting
the action of that board. I arn disposed to think,
however,—I thiow it out at present only as a
crude suggestion,—that if the committee were to
undertake, or if the Executive were to undertake,
as seems to be suggested in the icport of the
Secretary of the Navy, to make inquiry now into
the correctness or incorrectness of the sentence
of the board in particular cases, they would find
it a very difiicuit task to execute; and after they
had executed it and had restored, should they
restore, either to their original position, or back
to the Navy, those who hav _- been disrated and
dropped, that of necessity those officers who con-
sider themselves aggrieved by the sentence will
be returned to the service under a cloud which
could not be dispelled by the future action either
of the Executive or of the committee.
