926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
time, that there can be an instance in which,
either in the morning: report, in the hospital re-
turns, in the surgeon's returns, in the requisi-
tions issued for forage, or for subsistence, or for
quarters, or in the rolls for payment, or in the
rolls for muster, the service of every man is not
recorded. There is a monthly report in every
company, and these documents will embrace
every soldier in the Army of the United States.
I cannot imagine how it is possible for any man
to have served and not find a record qf it, except
in cases where the records have been destroyed
or lost. There may be such cases; but, if so,
. they are isolated, they are remarkable cases,
which can afford to stand on their own merits,
and be presented to the Senate specially by sepa-
rate bills.
But, sir, we have gone further than that. In
the case of the PlattsburJ* volunteers, who were
called out suddenly, wc have paid all who were
in battle. They needed no special legislation;
but we have given hounty land even to those who
were never in the battle, who were never at the
place of battle, but who simply marched from
their homes in military order to the eastern shore
of Lake Champlain, though they were not within
sight of the enemy. We have given them bounty
land, and this bill, as amended, proposes to let
them establish their service by parol evidence. I
am free to say that that was not my proposition.
I dissented in committee from it, and I dissent
now. The same provision is made for the volun-
teers at the battle of King's Mountain, in the
Revolution, though I understand from the Com-
missioner that there have been no applications for
bounty land by those who served in that battle.
We have gone on to say in regard to these cases,
that they may prove their service by " any offi-
ciakrcgister, report, or other statement." It may
be a historical statement. It may be a report
made or letter written by the commanding officer
to the Governor, or any other authority of the
State. These documents can be found either in
the Adjutant^General's Office, the Pension Office,
the Land Office, the War Department, the Navy
Department, or in the Cluartermastcr's, Commis-
sary's, or Surgeon's Department here in Wash-
ington, or in "the archives of any State, Terri-
tory, district, county, parish, city, town, village,
orotliorpubliccorporution." He can,onprodue-
tion ofa copy of. (hat, be entitled to bounty land.
Is not that enough ? What service could any man
have rendered that he can find 110 record of it except
the ex parte affidavit of some person, made after
a long lapse of time, requiring him to certify only
to two weeks of service? IIow easy it is for the
memory of man, after such a lapse of time, to be
mistaken.
There are other special provisions made in the
substitute of the committee. There appears to
— have been a company of Kentucky volunteers
Ijpcalled out, under a proclamation of General
Gaines, in expectation of an assault by the In-
dians in the southwest, and yet it appears that
tliey were not regularly called out by the Gov-
ernor of Kentucky, although some of'the officers
received commissions from him. We have made
provision for that. We have made provision for
every case that I can imagine of actual buna fide
military service for the period of two weeks.
Unless the Senate are prepared to go to the extent
stated by the Senator from New Hampshire, I
think it is time to pause. When he brings in the
proposition, if he should present it, to grant to
those who will actually settle on your public do-
main, who will improve and cultivate it; who
will render it valuable; who will render it subject
to taxation for State purposes; who will really
develop the resources of that vast domain of
which the United States are proprietors, I shall
be prepared to listen to it; but I think this Gov-
ernment has gone far enough, unless it means to
make every citizen a pensioner and beneficiary
of bounty land.
Mr. BRGDHEAD. i do not intend to trouble
the Senate with any further remarks on this sub-
ject, but I feel it to be my duty, in consequence
of my connection with the act of 1855, to say a
few words in reply to some observations of the
Senator from Ohio. He has impeached the
wisdom and usefulness of that measure. I un-
derstand him to allege that the soldier has not
been benefited by it as a general thing, and that
the old States have not been benefited.
Mr. PUGH. I did not say that the old States
had or had not been benefited. I do not think
they are a proper subject of legislative bounty.
Mr. BRODHEAD. He says, also, that the
new States have not been benefited. I take issue
with him on all these points. So far as my
knowledge extends in Pennsylvania, those who
rendered actual service have received, and are
now receiving, their warrants, and selling them
for more than a dollar an acre. Some of them
give them to their son-s, who proceed West and
locate them. Land warrants were never so high
as they are now. Under the provisions of the
act of 1855, the State which 1 have the honor, in
part, to represent, will receive, or at any rate a
very meritorious class of her people, will receive
$3,000,000. The soldier gets the market value
of his warrant, and he gets very nearly the Gov-
ernment price of the land. The warrants are
now selling for about $1 10 an acre, notwith-
standing that they are being issued at the rate of
five or six hundred a day.
The Senator from Ohio has spoken of the oper-
ation of this system on the new States. Sir, I
take it that the worst landed proprietor for the
new States is the Federal Government, because,
while the General Government owns the land, it
is not subjected to State taxation or State juris-
diction. As soon as a warrant is located on land,
it does become subject to State taxation and State
jurisdiction. Although it may be held for some
time by those who have located the land, it
induces settlement in tiie western States, and
thereby strengthens and benefits those States.
That is my view of it.
For many, many years, Mr. President, the
people of the old States have seen large sums of
their money, derived from the customs, annually
appropriated to the extinction of Indian titles, the
survey of the public lands, and bringing them inlo
market, and the organizing of new Territories.
Under this system the western States have grown
up with a rapidity unknown in nny other coun-
try. The General Government has always ex-
tended a liberal hand to the people of the West
and the southwest. Every stroke of the wood-
man's ax beyond the Mississippi seems to aug-
ment their power and enlarge their dominion.
Ilence it was that, many years ago, the project of
distributing the proceedsof the sales of the public
lands among all the States was brought forward.
That project failed. Under the act of 1855, for
the first time, in my opinion, the old States have
obtained something like their share and interest
in the public lands. For this reason I nay that
the act of 1855, under the circumstances surround-
ing its passage, m view of the fact that we had a
redundant Treasury, and did not need the money
annually derived from the sales of the public lands
for Government purposes, was a proper measure,
and it acts beneficially now.
1 know how difficult it is to frame a bounty
land bill covering all our wars. I know how dif-
ficult it is to resist those who are opposed to all
bounty land bills on the one hand; and on the
other, to resist those who are for making it so lib-
eral in its provisions, theft it must break down.
It is difficult to obtain the proper medium, and
resist the amendments which are constantly of-
fered. I know it fiom experience, and therefore I '
sympathize with the Senator from Ohio on this !
occasion. I am willing to follow the matured plan \
of the Committee on Public Lands to carry out'
the provisions of the act of 1855. I think I could ;
offer some amendments which would benefit a -
considerable number of men; but rather than de-
lay the passage of the bill, as I observed before,
I am willing to forbear, and bring them forward
as a separate measure. j
Mr. IVKRSON. I do not propose to enter I
l into the discussion again. I only rise to point i
out to the Senator from Ohio, and to the Senate,
two extraordinary inconsistencies in the bounty I
land laws as they now stand, which I do not !
think have been remedied by the very careful ex-1
animation and attention which the Committee on '
Public Lands claim to have given to this subject, j
By the act of 1855, its provisions, and those of
all the other bounty land acts of the Government, !
are extended to Indians. What is the effect of j
that? The provision of my amendment, embraced j
in the act of 1852, is actually applied to Indians !
when it is excluded as to white men. The mode ;
of computation which I propose—twenty miles !
for a da$s%> travel in the march, after the organi-
zation of The company, battalion, or regiment, to
the seat of war, although they have not been
mustered into service—is actually ffdopted by the
act of 1855 as to Indians, when it positively ex-
cludes the principle as to white men. That is
one anomaly.
Again: that by the act of 1855, and previous
acts, this mode of computation is applied to all
soldiers wife have served at least one month; but
now it is not applied to those who have served
fourteen days. Under the act of 1852, and the
previous'acts, if a company of soldiers were called
into service in the Mexican war, and were march-
ing to the scene of action thirty days, and were
actually mustered into the service at the expira-
tion of the thirty days, and did not remain a
single hour in .the service after that, they were
entitled to bounty land. In other words, the mode
of computation proposed in my amendment, is
applied to all other soldiers who have served in
any of the wars of the United States, provided
they have been one month engaged, whether actu-
ally in service after being mustered, or on the
line of march; but it is excluded by the act of 1855
as to those who served fourteen days.
The Senator from Ohio may be able to point
out the difference in justice and reason and com-
mon sense between these two acts, but I cannot
perceive it. I do not see why a company of sol-
diers may not be considered as in the service of
the United States, while they are on the line of
march, although they may not have been actually
mustered into the service of the United States,
and entitled to bounty land, as well as a company
who have been mustered into service, and only
remained fourteen days.
I mentioned the case ofacompany from Georgia.
Since this discussion has arisen, a member of the
House of Representatives from North Carolina
! luts informed me of two other casus in his owu
! State, where two companies were actually formed
! and called into service by the Government, and
without undergoing this formality of being mus-
tered into the service, marched three hundred
miles before they were mustered; and yet they
did not remain the fourteen days required by the
law of 1855, and they are cut off from its benefits.
There are two cases in the State of North Caro-
| lina, in which the companies marched three hun-
! died miles to the seat of war and three hundred
. miles back; but who, not having been actually
! engaged for fourteen days after being mustered
into the service, are excluded from the provision
of the law.
Mr.STUART. Myattention was called away
when the Senator from Georgia stated the second
anomaly in the bill of last year. Will he state
it again ?
Mr. IVERSON. Certainly. Those who served
four, 01- six, or nine months, or more, are en-
titled to this mode of computation to ascertain
their term of service under the act of 1852; but
by the act of 1855, those who served fourteen
days are excluded from this mode of computation.
I say that if you apply it to one class of soldiers
you should apply it to all; and if you allow time
to be computed from the march of the company,
battalion, or regiment, from the place of rendez-
vous to the seat oi war after they are mustered
into the service, you ought to apply it in every
case. If you apply it to those who served
one month, four months, or nine months, you
should extend it to those who come under the
provisions of the bounty land law of 1855, and
served fourteen days. I wish to put all on the
same footing. The Senator from Ohio says the
committee have been exceedingly liberal; that
they have given to the Plattsburg volunteers
bounty land, although they did not serve pro-
bably a single day.
Mr. PUGH. The Plattsburg volunteers were
in battle, and therefore, of course, came within
the law of 1855. They marched to Lake Cham-
plain,and were not mustered into service. They
were not engaged for more than three or four
days, and they could not have made a journal.
The circumstances of that case, the Senator will
allow me to say, are peculiar, and are stated in the
report. The Governor of the State was opposed
to the war, and refused to allow the militia to be
called out, and these people went at their own
cost.
Mr, IVERSON. I will not pursue that sub-
