1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
year 1854; there have been none under the present
Administration. The last appropriation was in
1852, under Mr. Fillmore's administration, and
the sum appropriated for Grand river harbor
•was $2,000, and that is the only sum ever appro-
priated for this work. In 1853, the board of
engineers convened here under this Administra-
tion, and went over the whole surveys on the
lakes, and adopted the one which I hold in my
hand for this harbor. Their report was sent in
by the President of the United States for the
action of Congress, as had been done for thirty
years. With respect to this work, what does it
say ?
u For continuing the improvement of the haibor (Grand
Haven) at the mouth of Grand river, Michigan, >'20,000."
The honorable Senator from Virginia has mis-
taken this for an appropriation. It was the esti-
mate which the executive Government sent in to
Congress. I repeat, there has been no appropri-
ation under this Administration for the work.
Twenty thousand dollars was asked for in order
to carry on the harbor according to the survey
which had been made by the United States agent
m 1850, confirmed by the board of engineers in
1853. This comes before us in the documents
accompanying the President's annual message to
Congress in 1853. The board say:
" The original plan for the improvement of this harbor
is from J. It. Bowes, local agent, dated December 15, lb-W."
The Department has been for thirty years in
the habit of employing skillful engineers, and this
gentleman is one—none more so to my knowl-
edge—where there were not topographical offi-
cers enough to do the duty, or they were young
men of no experience.
" It provides lor the piotcctmn of the <-outh «ido oftiie
river, tioin a point jn-i below the tower of Gi.md Haven."
* * * A '''The cost of giwnjj this, protection the
agont estimator at ;j,;2l,T 0."
It then goes on to say:
" In the justness of the>e views the boaul fully concur-*,
and henee deem-, it necesvaiy to recommend the providing
the means icqmred to cany out the lii^t named me.i-uie.
The sum estimated by the agent (or tlii&pmpoac, a  already
Hated, is     .
Appropnated and i-till available  2,000
"Leaving   $19,930
Or ->.iy, as in the margin, £i0,003."
This appropriation was asked for in 1853 by
the hoard of engineers, coming through the topo-
graphical bureau to the War Department, and
from the War Department it was sent here by
the President.
IVh . MASON". I asked the honorable Senator
on Thursday, or rather he was kind enough to
ehow me that there had been a further report on
thp subject of this Grand river improvement later
than that of 185(J; and at thnt time, as T under-
stood, ^20,000 was appropriated, (l seems that
I misunderstood him, and it was only an esti-
mate. Let that pass. Then the case stands
thus: in 1850 the lowest estimate to do this w ork
by a structure of piles put close togeiher to pre-
vent the abrasion of the embankment or bluff',
and by two piers to run out into the lake, in
order to prevent the filling up of the artificial
harbor when constructed, was §162,123, being
$21,950 for this pile work to protect the bluff,
and #140,173 for the two piers. Only $2,000 was
appropriated m 1852, which it appears never was
expended. Now this bill asks for $50,000 to do
the work and complete it, leaving it discretionary
with the Secretary to say what sort of work it
shall be.
The honoiable Senator has not answered the
inquiry v/hidi 1 made. I asked whethf r wc have
any report, or information of any kind, that will
amount to any sort of assurance that <j .5U,000 will
make a harbor there, which will be valuable,
either to those who navigate the lake, or to those
who live on the river. 1 want to know whether
he has any information on that subject; and
further, how is it that we are asked'now for
$50,000 as a round sum to do the whole work, on
an estimate of $162,000 made in 1850.
Mr. STUART. Mi. Ptesidont, before I say
anything on this subject I wish to premise on the
question generally, to the fiien-ki of these mean-
lues, that if \ve expect to pa.-;? them we are not
to gratify their opponents in spending ail the time
3n talking about them. These gentlemen do not
aesire information. They will never vote for any
of these bills, with all the information 
Mr. MASON. Let me interrupt the Senator.
Does he mean to say , that when I ask for inform-
ation I do not desire it?
Mr. STUART. I mean to say, that these gen-
tlemen do not desire information for the purpose
of enabling them to vote for the bill. They will
not vote for this bill with any amount of inform-
ation that can be attained.
Mr. MASON. That is perfectly true, but still
we have the right to have the information.
Mr. STUART. The object cannot be misun-
derstood. It is to defeat the bills in any form
that parliamentary debate admits of. Therefore
it is proper for us who wish to pass them not to
do much in the way of talking. A brief expla-
nation will, I think, show the position which
the committee occupies in relation to this bill.
The history of the matter has been detailed again
and again. The Department makes its estimates
for a certain work, and decides that it can expend
a given amount of money each year, and asks for
that amount. Congress is enabled, perhaps in a
year, to make an appropriation. After that, per-
haps, you cannot pass another bill in four or live
years.
Mr. CLAY. I wish, with the Senator's con-
sent, to correct one statement which he has made.
He speaks of the Department asking for these
appropriations. In that he is certainly in error,
as a moment's reflection will, I think, satisfy
him. This money is not asked for by any De-
partment of the Government. On the contrary,
I will undertake to show, if it is controverted,
that the Secretary of War has never recommended
one of the appropriations for these improvements,
or asked for them; but his action on them proves
that he has disapproved of them. Hewee the
Senator is at fault when he says they are asked
for by the War Department.
Mr. STUART. The Secretary of War sent
to Congress, in 1853, the estimates which have
been just read, saying: here is a work com-
menced at the mouth of Grand river, which will
require so much to complete it, and so much
is necessary foi this year. I grant you that
the Secretary of War does not say in so many
words, " I recommend that this money be appro-
priated. "
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Does the law require
the Secretary of War to make that communica-
tion to Congress ?
Mr. STUART. The law does not require that
the Secretary of War shall recommend these ap-
priations.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. But does not the law
require him to communicate the estimates to Con-
gress ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly; and he has done
it. lie has sent in estimates made by the topo-
graphical bureau in this case. He sent them
here in 1853; and that is all that is required. Of
what consequence is it to Congress whether the
Secretary of War thinks an improvement ought
to be made or not? He is not the judge of it.
Congress is to judge whether the improvement
should be made oi not. His opinion is but the
opinion of a man when you have it. I know that
the Secretary of War belongs to a school of pol-
iticians who are opposed to all these works, and
who think that the Government of the United
States is only made for the purpose of sustaining
a few clerks here from three or four States. I dis-
agree with him in that entirely. I think it has
oilier, and better, and higher objects. But, sir,
1 was detailing the history of this matter. Con-
gress appropriated §2,000 after a severe contro-
versy; then, in three or four years, the appropu-
ations failing, your former appropriation is lost.
The history of the country shows that.
The Committee on Commerce authorized me
to report these bills in this form, so far as appro-
priations m my section of the country are con-
cerned, and I will state in a few words my object.
1 believe (but in this I may be mistaken) that
^50,000, expended by contract, will make a har- ,
bor equal to that made with §250,000 expended j
in annual appropriations at the command of the j
Seeietary of War, without contract. That is my
judgment. I bthe\e a competent business man |
will take the money, and make it tell m that pro- s
por'ion. |
Then, again, I do not agree with the engineers j
of this department in all-their plans. I do not \
hold that at every point you want precisely the !
same character of harbor. It depends on the i
stream, on its current, on its volume. I think we
want less piers at one point than at another, in
order to preserve the current in a form that will
keep the bar clear. I believe that new plans can
be agreed upon, and plans that will fall within
less than half the amount which they have recom-
mended. At all events 1 want to try this mode.
Now, sir, I answerthe honorable Senator from
Virginia, that under the bill, if this plan cannot
be carried out according to the opinion of the
Secretary of War, the money will remain m the
Treasury. He cannot expend it in any other
way. I am no advocate for the squandering of
money upon harbors. Let the money remain
in the Treasury of the United States, unless a
harbor can be constructed at the mouth of Grand
river, by contract, for $50,000. That is the
provision of this bill. I do not want a dollar
drawn from the Treasury, if that cannot be done.
I am sick as any man of seeing $50,000, and
$40,000, and $90,000, drawn from the Treasury,
and expended, in the course of a summer, in be-
ginning a work, and then,before you can get an-
other appropriation of $40,000, the whole thing
swept away, and what remains of your material
sold at auction. I am tired of that system; and
hence I propose, in these bills, that the Secretary
of War shall agree upon apian. I leave it to
him as Senators will see — which shall be satis-
factory to him; and unless he is satisfied that that
plan will construct a harbor at the mouth of
Grand river for $50,000, the money shall remain
in the Treasury. Does any man object to that?
I say that any Senator who is in favor of harbor
improvements, will not object to it. Gentlemen
on the other side will understand that I am not
criticising their views. I claim respect for my
opinions, and I grant it cheerfully to every other
Senator. If he is opposed to these measures on
principle, let him vote so. All I claim is, fah-
ness of action.
The Committee on Commerce have authorized
me to report this bill in this way, in obedience to
my own judgment. If I am wrong, the United
States will not be injured, because the money will
remain in the Treasury. If I am right, we shall
have a harbor for $50,*000, which, it is estimated,
will cost § 1 (>0,000 to build. 1 disagree with the
engineer. I do not doubt that his harbor, the
money being expended by annual appropriations,
with all the injuries that happen between them,
will cost the money which he has estimated. As
my honorable colleague has said, he is one of the
most competent men in the country to make the
estimates; and on his basis he has made them
properly, but I propose to take a different plan.
I propose that the work be let by contract,
I am bound to state another thing. Let us
suppose that in a given case it will cost $75,000
to build a harbor, and that Congress has appro-
priated $50,000. I may feel myself authorized,
m consequence of the interest I hold in the com-
merce of the lakes, to agree to build a harbor at
an expense of $50,000, and laise the $25,000
additional myself. My bill gives the authority,
and means to do that. If those interested in the
commerce of the lakes see lit to appropriate out
of their own pockets additional sums of money
to make a harbor that shall cost $75,000, under
my bill they can do it. Recollect, this contract
is not to be let except on ample security, to be
approved by the Secretary of War. It is no
mere matter of form and no child's play at all.
But I should like to know why the General Gov-
ernment is to refuse to allow us to construct a
harbor for $50,000, if we choose to do it, advanc-
ing $25,000 or $50,000 more ourselves? Certainly
that does not constitute any objection. The
Senator from Virginia will see that the bill under
consideration is drawn with a view to these
objects; and it secures the United States, because
it give s the sole adoption of the plan to the hands
of the Secretary of War. It must be such a plan
as he approves; the contractor must be such a
contractor as he approves; and the surety must
be such as he approves, before the money can be
spent. I have sought to throw around "this bill
all security for the United States. The reason of
its assuming this form 1 have endeavored briefly
to detail.
Now, that I may not be misunderstood, I beg
to repeat to gentlemen—my personal and political
friends—that, whatever I may have said, I do
not mean unkindly in regard to their opinions;
