1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
ject further -until I offer an amendment, which I
have prepared, to allow parol evidence in two
cases; and then I shall show that the Plattsburg
volunteers seem to be peculiar pets of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and that they propose
to give them the benefit q£ a provision which
they exeludt^from all other soldiers and from our
revolutionary sires.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Mr. President,! de-
sire to tender my thanks to the S{£itor from
Ohio for the pertinent and excellent remarks
which he has submitted to the Senate upon this
question. They apply with great force to the
State from which I come. As he has said, that
State has been literally shingled over with land
warrants given to the Wall street and other spec-
ulators, and bounty land warrant dealers in this
country. If, as the Senator from Ohio has said,
the bounty lands had been actually granted for
the benefit of the .soldier who had been engaged
in battle for his country, I would rejoice as much
as any other man in the passage of the law,
which was originally designed for the good of the
soldier. Ever since the enactment or that law,
however, I have seen that its effect—I do not say
such was the intention—has been to benefit the
speculators, and not those who have served their
country. I trust that the State which I, in part,
represent here, will not be made to suffer more
than she has already suffered, and is now suffer-
ing from the issuing of bounty land warrants. It
would be to her interest to prevent the public
lands from being sold, even for hard money, if
it could be done, to anybody but the actual set-
tler. I regret very much that so many acres of
land have been surveyed, and made ready for
market, because I see that they are to be located
and taken up by speculators with bounty land
warrants, and those speculators will hold the
lands ata high price, so that the poor soldiers who
have fought for their country will get 110 benefit,
and 'will reap no reward. I am aware that some
few of the soldiers go to the western country to
settle on their lands, but when they do so, the
speculators owning the adjoining lands, reap the
reward.
I know, sir, that the introduction of the original
bounty land bill was designed for good, for the
benefit of the soldieis. I believe that the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky, who was
one of the first Senators to move on the subject
in 1847, had the best intentions in the world. I
believe that his object was to benefit the poor
soldier; but such has not been the effect. I hope
that no further privileges will be given to the
speculators. I should be willing, if we could do
so, to repeal all the laws authorizing the issue of
warrants. I wish it were in our power to take
back the warrants which are now being issued
at the rate of six hundred a day.
The moment the last act was passed for the
large issue of bounty land warrants, amounting to
millions of acres of land, we were called upon by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office for
an additional force of sixty or eighty clerks in his
office, to enable him to throw the warrants broad-
cast before the country. A similar request was
made by the Commissioner of Pensions, and a
large force has been also employed in the Pension
Bureau, to enable the commissioner thereof to
throw out these bounty land warrants, all for
the benefit of the Wall street speculators before
alluded to. But how fare the registers and re-
ceivers of the local land offices who are compelled
to take the bounty land warrants in payment for
lands ? They receive nothing far their services.
The registers and receivers in Iowa, with whom
I am intimate, and with whose duties I am well
acquainted, are compelled to receive bounty land
warrants without fee. The percentage on the
money which is paid in in hard gold for the lands,
independent of those entered with warrants, more
than amounts to the maximum to which they are
entitled under the existing law, and therefore they
not only get nothing for locating land warrants,
but are all compelled to employcxtraclericalforce
to enable tlu-m to comply with the demands of
these land-sharks who hover around their offices.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
interprets the law to mean that they are not to
receive more than the maximum of $3,000 allowed
to them. They are petitioning me, and every
Senator and Representative from the "West, to
induce the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to do them justice, and if not awarded by
that functionary then to appeal from him to the
Secretary of the Interior. This I have done
personally, and without effect. The registers
and receivers of the local land offices are com-
pelled to employ from six to ten or twelve clerks
in their offices to enable them to comply with
the demands of the speculators—not the actual
settlers; for the speculators are so vociferous and
so anxious to enter the lands, that they keep off
the actual settler. The actual settler, when he
desires to prove his preemption claim and obtain
a patent, is kept back by the force and the money
and the power of the speculator.
Mr. President, I sincerely hope that no further
amendment will be made to the bill as reported
from the Committee on Public Lands. I regret
very much that they have proposed to go so far
as they have done for speculators, but I believe
they felt compelled to do so for fear of being
obliged to do worse. As a western man, I feel
the evils of this system. I see that my State is
made to suffer from it. She suffers more, per-
haps, than any other State except Wisconsin,
our next door neighbor. Wisconsin, like Iowa,
has been nearly all surveyed. For myself, 1 feel
almost tempted to interpose an objection to the
further continuation of the surveys, in order that
the speculators may not have the privilege of
taking up these lands. I wish to God "Old
Hickory's" advice had been taken in 1836, and
none but actual settlers had been permitted, from
that day to this, to buy the public lands, and that
only for actual settlement and cultivation. Some
of my own best friends are making money by
the thousands and tens of thousands, under this
land-wairant system; but I know that the poor
settler is " skinned," whilst the Wall street
speculator is making his fortune. If this bill is
to be passed at all, 1 trust it will be passed m the
shape in which it has been reported by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; but for myself 1 intend
to vote against it in any and every shape.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, the policy of
the bounty land system is not before the Senate;
but, if it were, I should concur with my friend
from Iowa m regard to it. I have uniformly le-
sisted tfeie whole system of pensions and bounty
lands; but the simple question is whether the
amendment does conform to the principle of the
former laws? I think it does. I am ill favor of
it because it is just. What is the exception taken
to it by the committee and the gentlemen on the
other sideIt is one which I think is untenable.
The question is whether a company shall suffer
from the accident of not having been mustered
into the service before they started on the march
to the sccne of war? When a company of volun-
] teers or militia, in any State, is ordered into the
i service of the United States, it is usually done
1 through the Governor. If there happens to be a
United States officer at the place where they are
formed into a company, they are at once mustered
into the service; and"then, if they march to the
rendezvous, two hundred miles distant, and serve
altogether fourteen days, the present law gives
i them bounty land. If, however, thcie is no
United States officer at the point where the com-
| pany is raised, and they march two hundred or
j three hundred miles from there, and are then mus-
! tered into the service, they get no land according
! to the present state of the law. That is the whole
case. It is not a question as to record evidence;
it is not a question as to services, nor is it a ques-
tion as to the character of service. The amend-
ment of my colleague does no more than what
I have stated, and I think it entirely proper.
I can illustrate its operation. During the
Florida and the Mexican war, if there was ail
officer of the United States stationed at the city
of Augusta, and a company was raised at that
place, he of course immediately mustered them
into the service. But what is the act of muster-
ing? Reading to the volunteers or militia the ,
' rules and articles of war, and obtaining their j
consent, so as to be tried by a court-martial. .
That is the whole of it. They are really as much ,
in die service of the United States while they are j
marching to the place of rendezvous. If the place
of rendezvous be forty miles from the point where j
a company is raised, the travel consumed m the \
march is excluded. Jf a company was raised at j
a point where there was no officer to muster them !
into service, and marched the same distance with i
another so mustered, at the same time, perhaps
along the same road, one is excluded, while the
other is allowed bounty. Is there any sense,
or justice, or principle in that? My colleague's
amendment does nothing but put those who have
done precisely the same service in the same way
—it may be along the same road—on the same
footing. I say it is just. • •
I admit the evils of this system of whieh#my
friend from Iowa speaks. There are evils in all sys-
tems of pensions and bounties; but I find that my
friend from Iowa is much more apt to see them
when they affect his State, than when they affect
thepublic Treasury. I have often regretted to per-
ceive his liberality in regard to pensions and boun-
ties—and the same remark may be applied to the
Senator from Michigan; but they do not notice
the evil until large bodies of land are taken up in
their own States under this system. It appears
that the objection is not to part with the public
money, not to squandering the public treasure,
but the objection is, that it is squandered in such
a way as to entail particular evils on the new
States. These gentlemen do not object to giving
large quantities of land to railroad corporations
in their own Slates, because that is a direct local
benefit. They have endeavored, year after year,
to got such appropriations of land.
Then it is not regard for the public Treasury
which induces this objection. Gentlemen would
•prefer that the lands should remain in their States,
to be used in as large quantities as they can ob-
tain, for the particular purposes of the common-
wealth which they represent.
The policy of the country has been to give this
land for services rendered. Iadmitthatwe have
required very small, very inconsiderable service
1 admit that the principle is violative of the sound
principles of republican government. Any sys-
tem of largesses, bounties, and pensions, is against
the principles of our Government. I have always
opposed them. What, however, is the case now
presented to us? Men may have done precisely
the same service, and they may have marched
along the same road, as I before said; but in con-
sequence of the accidental, the indifferent circum-
stance, that one man found a United States officer
at the place of rendezvous, where his company
was organized, and there happened to be no offi-
cer at the place from which another man started,
one obtains bounty land, and the ather isexcluded.
This amendment is to put the man who has per-
formed equal service on the same footing as if he
had been mustered into the service by a United
States officer, if he does the same things and in
the same way that another man does who has
been mustered. Is not that jn.it? The Senator
from Michigan has raised the question of record
proof. Surely that has no application here.
Mr. PUGH. I agree with the Senator from
Georgia, that was a mistake. The places of travejUfct
of these men do appear upon the muster roll, anctj^p
that question does not properly arise.
Mr. TOOMBS. The question before us is a
simple one on the facts. When troops are called
into service it is generally done by the President
calling on the Governor of the State, and he ap-
peals to the citizens, who volunteer. Ordinarily
the organized volunteer companies of every State
offer themselves in these emergencies. They •
start from different points. At some there are
United States officers to muster them; at others
not. Wherever there happened to be United
States officers at the point whence they marched,
the men are entitled to bounty land; but when
there was no officer at the point, though they had
marched the same distance, and done the same
work, and perhaps more, they cannot receive it. I
have known cases where men wont and served
"two thirds of the term of their enlistment before
the United States officer came along and mustered
them. Such cases occurred during the Indian
hostilities of Alabama and Florida; but, although
they might have served for three months, they
are excluded at present, because the United States
officer may not have mustered them into service.
The amendment of my colleague is, I think, a
copy, in (otidem verbis, of a similar provision of
the law of 1852. It is, therefore, in conformity
with the previous practice of the Government on
this question. 1 do not defend the bounty-land
system. I think it is unjust and unreasonable;
but it has been the policy of the country to appro-
priate the lands to those who have done service.
