1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
151
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Washburne, of Maine.
Ho. or Reps.
and qualificationsof its own membersand what
it may do in one of the specifications, it may do
in ail. There is no restriction, and no reason for
any. Mark, how careful and precise, how full
and comprehensive is the language!—it seems to
have been prepared to prevent all question and
cavil. The House may judge of the qualifications;
that is, as to the age, residence, and citizenship
of the claimant. It may also judge of the returns—
the certificate or other evidence which he pro-
duces; and it may go further, and beyond the
returns, although they appear to be in form and
correct, and look into the election itself, and see
if that was all right—if it was made at the proper
time and places, and by the proper parties; and if
not, may set it aside. It may look into every
fact upon which the election depends—into the
laws regulating the election; and, of course, may
inquire whether there were any laws binding
upon the House or upon the people whose
rights are in controversy. Now, all this is so
plain that argument cannot help it. The me-
morialist denies that there was a Legislature
"in Kansas. The minority insist that, whether
this be true or not, the House cannot inquire.
The question is one of fact merely, and like all
questions of fact, must be settled by proof; and,
from the nature of the case, the only evidence
that can be had is that of witnesses to what has
transpired. If the body of men who assumed
to be a Legislature were not elected by the inhab-
itants of Kansas, but by the people of Missouri,
who went into Kansas merely for the purpose of
voting, and having voted, returned home, it can-
not be contended that they were the Legislature
contemplated by the organic law of the Territory.
This is a question of fact, and is susceptible of
proof. Men who were upon the ground know
whether the people of Kansas were driven from
the polls or not, arid whether the elections were
managed and carried by non-residents. If here,
they could inform the House of facts from which
it would be able to decide whether the alleged
Legislature was in truth what it claimed to be, or
anything more than a convention, a caucus, or a
mob. But, say the minority, we are not permitted
to inquire into these things; we have the laws of
that Legislature, their book of statutes, and their
Journal; we cannot go behind them—they are
conclusive. Every Legislature, they say, has the
power to judge of the elections of its members,
and by their decisions we are bound. This, to a
certain extent, is true, but there must be a Legis-
lature to judge; and when, as in this case, the fact
that thire was a Legislature is controverted and
put in issue, the issue must be tried, and the as-
sumptions and acts of such pretended Legislature
cannot be received as final and conclusive evidence
of its legal existence. If there were in fact no
Legislature in Kansas, it is not easy to perceive
how the acts of a body of men assuming to be
such can make it a Legislature—can validate and
make legal what is in itself null and void. • Cer-
tainly, it is a novel doctrine that a convention or
promiscuous assembly can, proprio vigore, trans-
form itself into a legal Legislature, and make its
own records conclusive evidence of its rightful
and proper creation and existence.
Suppose the people of Pennsylvania and Ma-
ryland should, upon an election day in Delaware,
pass over into that State in large numbers and
take possession of the polls, manage the elections,
and themselves choose all the members for the
State Legislature, and such members, afterwards
assembling, should, in collusion with the Gov-
ernor, act as a Legislature, pass laws regulating
future elections, and then, under such laws, pay
another visit to the State, and in similar manner
vote for a member of Congress: would it be said
that this House has no authority to inquire into
the case, and that the doings of these outsiders,
'in open violation of law, are sacred from investi-
gation?—that under our general and unlimited
power to judge of the elections of our own mem-
bers, we are to be stopped in our examination by
the production of a certificate of election, or by
the proceedings and records of a body of men
whose title to be regarded as a Legislature is ex-
posed to such impeachment?—or that such exam-
ination might be arrested by a proclamation of
the President, issued, it may be, upon the request
of an unfaithful Governor, for the very purpose
of giving the President power to bring his own
creatures into the House, when he may need
them to overcome an adverse majority? The
statement of the case is argument, ana is itself
a sufficient refutation of the doctrines set up by
the minority of the committee.
The gentleman from Georgia relies upon prece-
dents. He maintains that questions or member-
ship arejudicialquestions,which every Legislature
has an inherent right to decide;and he cites Coke,
Blackstone, and other English authorities as to
the laws and customs of Parliament. Undoubt-
edly what he has cited is good law; it has not
, been disputed upon this side of the House; but
the gentleman's misfortune is, that his precedents
have no application to this case. He may pile up
such authorities as he has invoked—and that he
■ could find no better proves the sterility of his case
—high as Olympus, and they will not help him, for
they will not touch the question above or beneath.
I His authorities bear upon the power of a Legisla-
I ture whose existence is admitted, but have no
I tendency to convince us that a body of usurpers
may, by their own proceedings, resolve themselves
into a Legislature whose right may not be ques-
tioned or impeached. He says, if asked whatis
to be done when a question of usurpation arises,
he would answer that the body which comes in
in pursuance of law is to be regarded as the legal
Legislature. Very well; but here may be a grave
question of fact, and to arrive at a just decision
the fact must be ascertained, to wit: whether the
body does " come in in pursuance of law." Sup-
pose two bodies claim at the same time " to come
in in pursuance of law," and a question arises
as to these claims, how does the gentleman pro-
pose to decide it ? By records, and journals,.and
seals? Both have all these, and they are appa-
rently as formal and regular in one case as^the
other. Apply the gentleman's doctrine to'the
Kansas case. He asserts that the Legislature
under whose laws General Whitfield claims a
right to be here came in in pursuance of law, and
I deny it. Now arises the question, what is the
truth of the matter? For that body to come in
under the organic law as a Legislature, certain
things were necessary. It was necessary that a
time and that places for the election should be ap-
pointed by the Governor, and that the members
should be chosen by certain persons specified in the
law. These were conditions, the non-compliance
with which would be fatal; and no body elected
outside of them could be said to come in in pursu-
ance of the act of Congress. The gentleman will
not contend, that if the election hau been held on
a different day or at different places from those
fixed by the Executive, it would be legal. I
would ask if these things of time and place—
things of form mainly—be so essential and indis-
pensable, how it can be held that the matters of
substance, those which have regard to the per-
sons whose right it was to elect, are unimportant
or non-essential ? If this Kansas Legislature (so
called) were not elected at the time and places ap-
pointed, and by the persons appointed, it did not
come in in pursuance of law, and is no Legisla-
ture.
And let me say further, in reply to the gentle-
man, that whatever inherent rights State Legis-
latures have to decide upon the election of mem-
bers, the first Legislature of Kansas had no such
right. All its powers in this respect were derived
from the General Government, and were such,
and such only, as were granted by the Kansas-
Nebraska bill.
The gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,]
in his very able and ingenious speech, has shiv-
ered and scattered most effectually the arguments
and defenses of those who preceded him in op-
position to the resolution reported by the com-
mittee. He acknowledged frankly that they had
not met the real question in the case. When in
a State there is a controversy as to the proper and
regular government, and there are two organiza-
tions claiming to be regular, there must of neces-
sity be a power somewhere, outside of those or-
ganizations, to determine which is rightful and
legal. This he concedes; and I submit that the
power exists whenever a real and bona fide dispute
arises as to the proper existence of a government
or a Legislature, whether there be a concurrent
and opposing government or Legislature, or not.
Whenever the question is raised upon proper oc-
casion, it must be decided.
But, while the gentleman from Maryland has
been so successful in his assaults upon the posi-
tions of others, it appears to me that he lias
planted himself upon grounds even more inde-
fensible than they have occupied. The power to
decide these questions resides somewhere. The
President of the United States, he says, under the
act of 1795, has authority to call out the militia
to suppress insurrections, and in doing this must
necessarily determine which is the government or
party to be sustained, and which to be put down;
and this decision does not cease to operate with
the occasion which called it out, but reaches
beyond it and extends to all cases and over all
tribunals. The courts, he adds, follow the polit-
ical power, and this power, so far as questions of
this kind are concerned, is in the President.
Now, it is undoubtedly true that the rule of the
Supreme Courtis to follow the political power in
its decisions upon political questions; the judicial
power recognizes the government which the po-
litical power recognizes. Where, from the nature
of the case, as when there is an insurrection in
a State, the President must decide whether a gov-
ernment is to be recognized, that decision is the
political power, and the courts will follow it in all
things to which it refers and upon which it bears;
and a citizen indicted for an assault committed
by order of the government which is recognized
by the President, will be shielded by the Presi-
dent's recognition of that government. Where,
from the nature of the case, the Senate is to de-
cide, as when a question arises upon the elections
and qualifications of its members, its decision,
under the Constitution, is the political power
which the court will follow in all things touching
and growing out of such decision; and so of the
House of Representatives: when it decides that
one is entitled to a seat as a member, the court
will protect him in all the rights and privileges of
a member.
This question has been settled so distinctly, and
upon reasons so cogent, by the Supreme Court,
in an opinion pronounced by Chief Justice Taney,
in the case of Luther ds. Borden etal., a case grow-
ing out of the Dorr disturbances in Rhode Island,
that I am unable to sec how there can be room
for any doubt upon the subject. Chief Justice
Taney says:
" Under this (the 4th ) article of the Constitution, it rests
with Congress to decide what government is the established
one in a State; for, as the United States guaranty to each
State a republican government, Congress must necessarily
decide what government is established in the State before
it can determine whether it is republican or not. And when
the Senators and Representatives of a State are admitted
into the councils of the Union, the authority of the govern-
ment under which they are appointed, as weilas its repub-
lican character, is recognized by the proper constitutional
authority. And its decision is binding on every other de-
partment of the Government, and could not be questioned
in a judicial tribunal. It is true that the contest in this case
did not last long enough to bring the matter to this issue ;
and, as no Senators or Representatives were elected under
the authority of the governinentof which Mr. Dorr was the
head, Congress was not called upon to decide the contro-
versy ; yet the right to decide is placed there, and not in the
courts."
Now, I submit, this covers the whole ground,
and, if a decision of our highest court is to be re-
ceived as authority, settles the question against
the gentleman from Maryland.
The gentleman from Maryland, disagreeing
with the gentleman from Georgia, maintains, that
in deciding upon the election of members, the
House acts as a political body, and notas a court.
If, then, we are acting in a political or legislative
capacity, and the decision to which we may coma
will be that by which the courts of the land are!
bound, and the power to make such decision
involves, US' the Rhode Island case states, the
power to look into State governments to ascertain
whether they are regular and legal, then the ques-
tion is closed, and the propriety of sending per-
sons and papers, even upon the grounds of the
minority, is vindicated; and if, on the other hand,
the gentleman from Georgia is right, and we are
sitting here as a court, and can inquire into the
proceedings of State or Territorial Legislatures
only where a court can, we are equally sustained
by the authority to which I have referred. Upon
this point the court says:
" The point, then, raised here has already been decided
by the courts of Rhode Island. The quesuon relates alto-
