1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S01
but, in the retreat where 1 have been, I could not
avoid seeing that whole days were spent here on
the discussion of a bill, and when it finally passed,
the next day there was identically the same dis-
cussion 011 the next bill by its opponents, without
a single add itional argu ment. it is evident, there-
fore, what these gentlemen mean. I do not com-
plain of it; they may take such a course if they
choose; but it behooves the friends of the bills not
to participate in that mode of defeat—by consum-
ing time.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, if the Senator
is of the opinion that those who oppose this bill,
and other bills of like character, are opposing
them by any means of parliamentary machinery
to delay them, and to gain time and to frustrate
them, he does injustice as far as I am concerned;
but if the honorable Senator means that those upon
this floor who believe that there is no constitutional
grant of power to expend the public money in
this way, finding that there is a majority of the
Senate of a different opinion, are required by any
idea of the decorum orof propriety, eitherpersonal
or parliamentary, to refrain from sifting every
one as it comes up,and showing the character
which they ascribe to it, he is mistaken.
The honorable Senator has allowed himself to
say that, in his retreat, where, I regret to learn,
he was obliged to go from ill-health, he found
that day after day the same arguments were re-
peated upon each bill as they came up in succes-
sion. So far as I can recollect on these bills,
nothing has been said—certainly nothing by me,
on the constitutional power. 1 have questioned
the providences of the measure. I desiie to know
if those who are here as trustees over the public
interests of the« country, are not to sift each
measure when it comes up, and to expose it, if
they think it is of that character, to their con-
stituents and to the country, as an improvident
and wasteful and undigested measure, which
can result in no good but paying the money into
the hands of those who are to receive the com-
pensation for doing the work. This is, in my
judgment, a bill of that character. As a trustee
of the public, and more especially of the public
purse, 1 am not answered in my suggestions that
the money is to be expended for improvident
purposes, and that we have no assurance that
the work will be done for the sum prescribed.
Now, what are the facts? We sift these things
as they come before us. I do not know how it
is with other Senators, but it has been impossible
for me to give my attention to them, except when
each measure has been brought up to look to it
as it stands.
The honorable Senator says this bill will leave
the money m the Treasury, unless the Secretary
of War snail find that the work can be done for
the sum appropriated. I place a very different
construction on the bill. We have heie estimates
for this work, emanating from a bureau of the
War Department in 1850, as 1 have said, requiring
$160,000 to do the work. We have, then, in
1853, a report from the board of engineers, who
criticise and analyze the estimates of 1850, and
say that those estimates, in their judgment, have
been well made, and that they are applied to this
work in two aspects. The first is, tJbe proposi- |
tion to expend $21,950 in the structure of piles, [
to prevent abrasions, and the next is to expend i
$140,173 in constructing piers; and then the board J
go on to say, approving the plan of Mr. Bowes, \
that it is possible, when you have made this j
structure of piles, and prevented the abrasion of !
the shore, nature will deepen the harbor so as to
preserve it; and if that should be the effect, it will
be unnecessary to construct piers; but if it should
not so result m experience, it will be necessary to
construct piers at an expense of $140,000. On
that review, in 1853, they estimated only for
§20,000, which would be enough to do this pile-
work, which they supposed might have the effect
of making.a harbor.
But now what are we asked to do ? In this bill,
which is so well digested and so well guarded in
the opinion of the honorable Senatorfrom Mich-
igan, what have we? We have a mandate on
the Secretary of War, as I read it, to devise
some plan by which a harbor can be built at this
point for $50,000, and to make a contract accord-
ingly. Suppose the law passed, and the Secre-
tary takes it up to see how it will be executed in
the discharge of his duty, and under hie respons-
ibility, what does he find ? He finds these esti-
mates made in 1850 fixing the whole work at
$162,000. He finds that sum is divided into two
parts: one to expend $22,000 to protect the shore,
and another of $140,000 to build the piers. He
finds the appropriation was not made in 1853 or
1854, but that in 1856 Congress passed a law
taking the subject into its own hands, and de-
claring, as the judgment of Congress, that the
work can be done for $50,000, and requiring him
to prescribe a plan to do it. 1 say that it is the
duty of the Executive to see that the laws are
executed; and the Secretary could not escape the
conclusion, that Congress had repudiated the esti-
mates of the engineers, and estimated for them-
selves through their Committee on Commerce,
and had ascertained through some sources of in-
formation satisfactory to them, that $50,000
would do the work, and required him to have it
done for $50,000. If that be the fact, he will
devise, I suppose, the best plan he can for the
$50,000, and let the contract accordingly.
The honorable Senator says the bill is so
framed that private enterprise may possibly come
in aid of the public money to add $50,000 more.
That may be, or it may not be; it is not in the
bond. There is nothing of that sort in the bill.
It ma.y be that those interested in the work may
contribute $50,000 or $25,000 in aid of this ex-
penditure; and it may be—I am not prepared to
say to the contrary—that if the Secretary finds
the $50,000 inadequate, and the people of the
lakes come forward and say they will contribute
$50,000 more, and he can get adequate gaurantees
that they,would really pay the money, he will
make a contract for a work for $50,000 that will
cost $100,000. But of that we have no assurance
in the world, except the suggestionof the honor-
able Senator from Michigan.
Then how do we stand? I claim the right to
sift each one of these measures as it goes along,
and to understand it for myself, and to show the
country—to my constituents more especially—
how the public money is expended under this
alleged power to expend it for purposes of inter-
nal improvement, to sift each one, not factiously,
but in order to get at information, putting it on
the record, and spreading it before the country;
and particularly when these measures are here
pressed upon Congress against the veto of the
Executive, who was put there to administer the
executive power under the sanctions, and with a
platform prescribed by that political party which
claims to be dominant in the Senate. They are
passing them against his veto.
Although it is true* that, believing there is no
constitutional power to expend this money, I
could not vote for the bills under any circum-
stances, I claim the right to sift each one of them,
and see whether they are extravagant, whether
they are understood, whether they are practical,
and whether any public benefit will result from
the expenditure of the money. I cannot see that
it will, in this case, if I am to be guided by the
information given to us by the gentlemen who
reported these bills and by the gentleman who is
now, I believe, at the head of the Committee on
Commerce, for the estimates of the responsible
corps of engineers of the Army are against his
estimates, and he repudiates them all.
Air. TOOMBS. Mr. Piesident, some of the
Senators seem to be very much tired with this
argument. They are not half so much tired of
that os T am with these bills. I think that when
a committee brings forward fifty or sixty bills for
improvements of different places, all of them ought
to oe inquired into by the Senate. 1 do not see
why the decision of one should carry another.
Granting the power to the fullest extent, I pre-
sume :Ucre is some discretion; the money is not
to be wn away wherever people have a mind
to ask lor it. One of the great objections to this
system has been, that we could not get correct
information—that there was no security that the
public money would be judiciously applied. We
have been answered in that statement, from time
to time, since I have been a member of both
Houses of Congress, by the declaration that we
had competent officers—that there was a bureau
of topographical engineers, whose great intelli-
gence and education would relieve that difficulty
and enlighten the minds of Senators on this sub-
ject, and make it clear an3 certain to a sufficient
extent for the appropriation of the money.
But the Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart)
puts it on a different ground. His is a new ground;
it is a ground that I never heard before. He tells
the Senate that the Committee on Commerce re-
ported this appropriation upon his judgment, and
upon his responsibility, abandoning the estimates
of the Department. The Department said the
work could not be done for less than $162,000;
but the Senator from Michigan thought it could
be done for $50,000. This may be a very good
rule; the Senatorfrom Michigan may understand
that question, and the details of everything else
t\jat may come before him, as well as, if not better
than, anybody else; but it is not a good rule for
me. I do not think I should know as well as the
engineers; J am sure I could not until 1 surveyed
the spot. I. do not know whether that Senator
spends his leisure hours during the vacation in
surveying ports; but I am very sure that, if he
had all the knowledge of the chief of the corps,
the Senate should not act on a rule so uncertain.
If the rule applies to one Senator, it should be
universal; so that we shall have to take the judg-
ment of each Senator as to what is the proper
sum for the improvements in his locality. In this
case, the Senator from Michigan thinks $50,000
sufficient; and the committee takes his opinion.
It seems to be a most complying committee. The
principle is, to give to everybody who asks,
without the slightest reference to the Departments
of the Government who have the matter in charge.
But, admitting that the Senator from Michigan is
an exception, and that he is better capable of
judging without a survey than the engineers are
with a survey, the rule should be made equal,
and, therefore, universal; and then 1 am sure it
would be a bad one. A great many of  s do not
pretend to that kind of knowledge. We have
neither the theoretic nor the practical knowledge
necessary for that purpose. I say of myself, that
I should be totally incompetent to ask the Senate
to act on my judgment against a corps of engi-
neers who had actually made a survey.
That is exactly the principle on which the
committee reported this bill, as we are told
by one of the committee. It is not on the esti-
mates of the Department; it is not on any other
information of any sort but his own. The Sena-
tor says the work can be done for $50,000. He
has no doubt of it, and he says the committee
authorized him to present it in that form on his
judgment, and no other. I wish the Senate to
say, by the vote on this bill, whether they intend"
to adopt this new rule of action, that every Sena-
tor can get up and call for what money he pleases,
and say, "It is within my knowledge that the
thing can be done for this sum." Whatever confi-
dence we may have in the general intelligence and
integrity of a Senator, I think we owe something
to the public Treasury, and we ought to be care-
ful that every Senator has got the capacity and
the particular information necessary to decide this
question. Therefore \ say that, while we might
safely do it in deference to the Senator from Mich-
igan, I do not think we could make it a general
rule. I should be averse to asking for such an
appropriation on my own judgment. As I would
not ask it, I will not grant it.
Mr. IIUNTER. Mr. President, I think it im-
portant that the country should know the precise
information on which we are making these appro-
priations. It is very generally believed that we
are making them on estimates from the War De-
partment; that we are making them on the esti-
mates of competent engineers. Now, it was ad-
mitted here on Thursday, that many of these
estimates were twenty years old. We all know
how the shifting sands of these lakes affect their
harbors. We know that a survey made five
years ago may be worth next to nothing now.
We know that it requires new surveys in order
that we may learn what is necessary to be ex-
pended, so as to make an efficient work. We
ought to know, too, who make these surveys, in
order that we may have confidence in them.
They should be made by persons who are ac-
quainted with the profession. For one, I have
no hesitation in saying, that I would prefer the
estimate of a member of the engineer corps infin-
itely to any that might be made by a private
agent, especially such private agents as those who
have been making the estimates on which we are
, acting—men, as I understand, who get a per dim,
whose subsistence depends on continuing the
