1856.
THE . CONGRESSIONAL- UhOmK
m
every coast &nd on ovory sea, and on tin? battle-
field, there has come behind him, with an assas-
sin's stab, unseen and unheard, somebody that
has dealt a staggering blow, and he finds himself
prostrated and the hopes of his life blasted. _Who
has done this? Why, sir, the country which he
has served has done it. Without a hearing, with-
out an accusation, without being allowed to con-
front a witness, he has not been retired, he has
not been furloughed; but he has been cast off, he
has been dropped from the service; and yet he is
a man who has performed more service—and the
records of the Navy will show the fact—vastly
more service, according to the time he has been
in the Navy, than any one of the gentlemen who
have dealt thus cruelly with him.
But, sir, as I have said, the services which Mr.
Stevens has been performing were not the kind
of services which, I apprehend, have commended
themselves most favorably to the re tiling board.
You will perceive that he has been constantly at
sea. He has not had duty to perform as the
lieutenant rof a quadrille, the commander of a
masquerade, the manager of an assembly, or the
commodore of a waltz. Hiscruising-groundhas
not been the city of Washington; and Jus skill
in naval tactics and engineering has.not been dis-
played about the purlieus of this Capitol. That
is the reason he has been dropped.
Now, sir, I desire to say in ilie first place, that
the law under which the naval board acted is,
according to my belief, utterly unconstitutional.
Why ? Becau.-se itviolates all the groat principles
which have been incorporated into the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the constitutions
of the several States, for the preservation of prop-
erty and personal rights. I have looked over
those constitutions somewhat carefully, audi find
that the provision is substantially alike in them
all. It is unconstitutional because it violates an-
other great principle, which is-the right of every-
• body who is put on trial to be tried by j udges as
impartial as the lotof humanity Will admit. That
is the very language of the constitution of' my
native State, and it is language which I believe
commands itself to the heart and the judgment of
every lawyer.
Again, sir, how is it with a jury ? The slight-
est interest disqualifies a juror from silting on a
case. The Secretary of the Navy in his report
undertakes seriously to argue to the Senate—a
very largo majority of whom are lawyers—that
this law is not obnoxious to the charge that the
gentlemen composing the naval board were inter-
ested in its decision, because no officer,had a right
to pass on the condition of an officer above him
in rank. Let me read briefly from the report of
the Secretary: "And thus it was designed that,
if by the execution of the law, officers of the
board should happen to be promoted "—the merest
accident in the world—if they should happen to
be promoted, "their proceedings should not be
tainted with the blighting suspicion that they la-
bored for their own advancement, and not the
public good."
Oh, no; such a suspicion would ho dreadful!
Now, sir, let us look at the proceedings of this
board, to see how it" happens" that some of them
have been promoted, i look in the first place at
•the ftst of commanders. It so happens tiiat as
they began the list of commandos, they dropped
number one; then they dropped number two, und
number three, and number four, and number five,
and number six, and number seven. When they
came to number eight, they found a man fit to re-
main. Number eight happens to be one of the
board! They did not get to a man fit to stay in
the rank of commander till they reached one 01"
their own number, and then they said, "iNow,
we have got a fit man;" and he is the first one oil
the list whom they found qualified. Again, it so
happens—tho purest accident on earth—that, by
the action of the commanders who are members
of the naval board, combined with the action of
the captains above them, four of them accident-
ally find themselves elevated to the posts of cap-
tains; and the Secretary says this docs not subject
them to the slightest suspicion—not the least in
the world! [Laughter.]
But, sir, I have a more serious objection than
this to this act. The act is bad-—the execution of
irinfinitcly worse. I do not depend on,analogy;
I do not ask gentlemen to condemn the act be-
cause it is not in accordance with those safe-
guards which the Constitution of the United
States and State laws have thrown around the
protection of private rights, of reputation, and of
property; but because it is in direct and express
contravention of a prohibition of the Constitution
of the United States. The third clause, of the
ninth section of the first article of the Constitution
provides that " No bill of attainder, or ex post
facto law, shall be passed."
I shall not detain the Senate with any poor talk
of my own as, to what constitutes an ex post facto
law; but lam clearin the conviction that if I sat-
isfy the judgment of the Senate that this is an
ex post facto law, this prohibition of the Constitu-
tion must be regarded. Judge Story, in his Com-
mentaries on the Constitution, book third,section
I3!)9, speaking of ex post facto laws, uses-the fol-
lowing language:
Of t!ic same class are ex postfacln laws—thet is In say
(in a literal m-uso) jjnvs passed aiiei the act wee- dune. Tlie
t.Mins ex post Jodo in u coiiiptelu;ns?ivc cm*
Haco all tettospeetive laws, or taws governing or control-
ling past transactions, whether of a civil oi criminal na~
tuie. Anil tbeic have not been wanting learned mind*
that have contended, witii no t-mall loxoc of authority mid
reasoning, that such ought to bo the interpretation of the
terms in the Constitution of the United Suites. As an
otunnal question, the aiyument would bo entitled to inave
consideration; but tile current of opinion and authority
has been so generally one way, as to the meaning of tins
plna'-e in the State coiis-ptunojis, as well as that of the
United States, ever since their adoption, that it m difrV'tent
to feel that it is now an open question. The goneial in-
terrelation has been, and that the phi use applies to acts
of n criminal jiatuie only; and that the piohibition icaches
eveiy law wheieby an act is declared a crime, and made
punishable as such, when it was not a crime when done;
or wheieby the act, if a omne, is aggravated m enormity,
or punishment; or wheieby difVcicnt or Jess evidence is
required to convict an offender than was required when
the act was committed."
Then if the Congress of the United States have
authorized a punishment to be inflicted upon these
men, upon evidence which could not have been
received before this aclwas passed, tho act comes
within the condemnation of the Constitution, and
is an cx jioHfactoVaw. Jud^e Stoiy further says,
citing as his authority 3 Dallas, 3&(J:
<l The Supreme Com t have irivcu the following definition:
c An ex })0sl I ado law i< one wmeh lenders an act punish-
able m a manner in which it was not puni.-hable. when it
was committed.' £neh a law may inflict penalties on the
pelfOti, 01 may inflict pecuniary penalties, wiiuh swell the
public treasury. Laws, however, which mitigate the char-
actei or punishment of actinic already committed, may not
fall witlnn the piohibxUon, Coi the} aie in favor of the citi-
zens."
That is the authority of Judge Story and of
the Supreme Court of the United Status. I have
one other. In Kent's Commentaries, vol. 1,
lecture 19, p. 409, he says:
" In Fletcher vs. Peek, (6 Crunch, ia&) it was observed ,
that an cr. post j acto law was one winch icmleied an act j
puni>li.iblc in a m.inner in which U was not punishable j
when it was f oimitined This detinition is di-tininu.-hod !
lor it* '•ompi<ihei)HVi' brevity and precision, and it extends I
to laws passed.ittor the act, and aiiec;ni<; a peiM>n by menus |
of pums-hment of that act, either in hi.; pei^on oi c.-tdle, [
Ex poit fuit'o 1 nvs ielate to p^nal and enmiual pioceed- ,
imr-, wim h linpoMj pum-liments or torfedutes, and not to i
civil ptoueedmgs, #hich aiieel private lightsrciro pcct- I
ively." j
Now, sir, let us see if this is in the nature of a |
criminal offense. It does seem to mo that it can !
be held as nothing else. The Secretary of the j
Navy, 1 hare 110 doubt, is an exceedingly inge- j
nious man—1 have not the honor of his acquaint- j
anoe—and m the letter which he addressed to the !
board, he tried to satisfy them that they were !
going to compliment the nayal officers, and not j
to punish them. He says: j
il 1 fear a ruL.apprehon.-ion mriv e\i*t m the minds of some ■
m repaid to the position before th-" countiv ofothceivpl us'd ■
on the leseived h>t withHiii leave of absence pa>. It i*. no
degradation ; if i--iathei a high compliment. The payi-
liberal, and amply Mifiicionf. to 'ho < omfortablo -I'ppoit ru' '
the otheei and ins fauiilv. Indeed, it i4- the "on^ron? not j
of a (Jot eminent, ni\ iii^ to the mento, ioih odicr, 'You ,
have reived w itii lidcht), .ind now, \ mi ha\ « become .n- j
competent to the --evere duties of naval hie, yon can ie-4 ,
fiom me laboi-5 of >our piofe.-sion, without caie or anxiety j
as to your suppon, w- have piovided tor it.' Nor. yen- |
tlemen. do i eon^uler that it will bf liece-'-arilyu d j'iiada- !
tion or'a nuuk ot <:oveniirieiifal di-p:ea-,uie for an ofaeei to
he placed on iiirjoiuih, winch is halt leave of ah^.-iico pay, '
bcc.iu-^c he may have become h allv incompetent to the |
cli>chaii£e of hi.- dunes, and yet may not Iwvc ■isncd &o lonq \
ami jaithf'idly, mi-1 aiih such <f edit, at. to entitle hint, to Ike [
highest c0mi>e'iisuU07(~~t0 the ?Tserre<7.'' !
There is another class, and the ingenuity of
the Seeieiaiy does not even attempt to construe
the action of the board us a compliment to them.
1 refer to those who have been dropped entirely
where their inefficiency hay accrued from mat-
ters in which they were to blame; and thVlist
o-f crimes for which those .gentlemen were put oa -
trial was rather extensive. There is among them
one which I liave never se.en mentioned m any
code, civil, military, or naval, i will, tell you
what that was. The Secretary of the Navy, in
his instructions to the board, says:
11 In examining ns to who are 'incapable of ^performing
their whole duty both ashore and nfloat,' I need lmrrlly
suggest to you that an officer may .he c incapable' either
mentally, physically, or morally; for although lie may pOfi•
sens a strong mind ami robust fiame, yet if his moral per-
ception of right and wrong be so blunted and debased as to
render him unreliable, he Gould hnully be ranked as the
capable offieer.,J
Then these men were put on trial for the crime
of having blunted sensibilities—a term not very-
well defined in any book that ever I have read;
and if these gentlemen, without having been in-
formed of the nature and character of the accu-
sations brought against them, upon an ex parte
hearing, without "witnesses, were found guilty
of having blunted moral perceptions, they were
dropped from the Navy.
There was some pretense of a guard in the
general character of the law, in the fact that it
way left to bo exercised by the board, subject to
the regulations which the Secretary of the Navy
might prescribe to them. The Secretary tclla
you how far his regulations extended. They
went to the extent of taking care that no com-
manders had a vote upon the captains, and no
lieutenants upon the commanders, and no mid-
shipmen upon the lieutenants.
Now, let us see how the sensibilities of the
board stood the test. They found sixty-eight ,
captains on tho roltn; and how many of them do
you suppose had blunted perceptions? They got
nd of thirty-four captains out of sixty-eight—
one half the whole number. Among those whom -
they selected for retirement was Commodore
Stewajt, who headed the list. I am glad they
selected him, because it furnishes a good com-
mentary upon the proceedings of the board.
Commodore Stewart's fame is a part of the in-
heritance of every American uti7.cn. Up to the
period of the action of this board he was in the
possession of the highest honors of the naval
service, and his name was known and honored
and levered and loved wherever the history of
the American Navy was known. They dropped
him, and the President confirmed the action of
the board, and at the same time published to the
woild the fact that it was not true. It wlk only
on the pretense that the exigencies of the service
required it, and on no other condition, that the
President had the right to approve the action of
the board. And he told Commodore Stewart
that he was not fit to perform duty, but he still
kept him on the list, and he is there now.
Ulu-re were ninety-six commanders on the list
when the board met, and they did not quite cut
oil'half of them. They cut oil the heads ofthirty-
nine; thoy cut oil enough to carry four .fifths of
their own number into the captain's list. There
wore three hundred and twenty-six lieutenants,
of whom eighty-four were retired or dropped.
Of masters in the line of promotion there were
fourteen, and nine of them were disposed of.
Then they came to another class, and, according
to the information which I have obtained from
some gentlemen of the Navy, with whom i have
had some acquaintance, one of the most useful
classes of ofBccrs in the Navy, and that is mas-
ters not in tho line of promotion—masters who
have been selected from the sailors for their ^reat
merit, and for their service* and character—mas-
ters who have sometimes, m the past history of
the Navv, been promoted to the highest place iu
the service. What do you suppose the naval
board did with the grade of mastirs? They did
not find one of them good enough for the Navy;
they legislated them all out of existence; there is
not a single one of them left. Of the seventeen
masters not in the line of promotion, one died,
pud the board killed ail the rest, so that there is
not n solitary one left, upon the naval list.
The board converted themselves not only into
a court to try officers for blunted moral percep-
tions, but they resolved themselves into a con-
gress to determine, by theiraction,that there was
no necessity for such'a grade of officers as masters
not in the line of pioxnotiou, and they have blotted
the whole of them out of existence. As they
come down in rank, they seem to grow wonder-
