imt
THE CONGRESSIONAL <GTLO®E.
July 28,
•work, and Who have an interest in making such
estimates as shall induce Congress to go on with
it.
In regard to this wry harbor—I speak, of the
harbor at the mouth of Grand river—the Grand
Haven harbor I believe it is called—here is a
letter'from Colonel Graham, Written in 185'4, in
which he Says we cannot'depend on the former
survey of this Mr. Bowes, United States agent,
because matters have so changed there as to re-
quire another survey. I ask if that survey has
been made, or any survey, since 1834?" Yetw
are appropriating,'as I understand, to that very
harbor. Colonel Graham says:
"The last survey made of this locality was by agent
J. It. Bowes, in 1849. It is now in the bureau, and was
piirited with Senate document No. 20, (Executive,) first
session of the Thirty-First Congress. During iny inspec-
tion in October last, X observed tfiat important changes hud
taken place since the period of that stnvey, at the llioutli of
the river, and also on the contour of its southern shore, just
below the town, which X think rentier a newsurvey neees-
rary before detailed estimates can be correctly made of the
co t of this impiovement, or plans for it judiciously decided
upon."
In the face of ail this, we are called upon to
appropriate money, as the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce tells us, on his judgment.
I would as soon take his judgment as that of any
other Senator here; but I must be allowed to say
that, in regard to these matters, we ought to have
the judgment of persons more competent to de-
cide than he can be—I mean that of the profes-
sional men and officers of the Engineer Depart-
ment, who surely must know more about that
than private individuals.
Again, sir, it seems to be supposed by the
country that these are estimates of the Depart-
ment. Not at all, as I understand. They are
called for by a resolution of Congress; they are
called out from the topographical bureau.
. Mr. CASS. They were sent in by the Presi-
dent. These were sent in 1853, with his annual
message.
Mr. HUNTER What President ? Mr. Fill-
more ?
Mr. CASS. President Pierce.
Mr. MASON. They are a part of the annual
report from the War Department.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that these esti-
mates arc in answer to calls of committees, and
in answer to resolutions of Congress. They send
in whatever letters are there—letters from local
'agents such as this Mr. Bowes, who does not
belong to the corps, and letters from officers who
may be stationed at these points—but they are
not such estimates as the Department or the
topographical bureau can be held responsible for.
How can they be responsible for estimates on
surveys made twenty years o o—surveys of har-
bors winch are constantly affected by the shifting
sands of the lakes ? Or liow can we legislate in-
telligently on such information as that?
What 1 have to say is this: If gentlemen believe
(and a majority here seem so to believe) that they
have the constitutional authority to make these
improvements, let them make them; but then let
them make thom oil such ground of policy as will
enable us to be sure that'the money will he ex-
pended upon proper principles, and that we shall
get something back in return for it. Let them
make them upon the surveys of persons who are
competent, and estimates founded on those sur-
veys—not mere guesses of the Committee on
Commerce, or guesses founded, too, on such fugi-
tive elements of calculation as these siuveys, that
have been made so long ago upon these coasts
which are constantly changing. I think it ought
to be known to the country on what information
it is that these appropriations are made.
Mr. BROWN. Air. President, if I had not
been detained from my seat (luring the whole of
last week by severe indisposition, ! should have
no occasion to delay the Senate for a moment
to-day on this subject, for I should have taken the
earliest opportunity to express my opposition to
th.swhole batch of bills,and to assign brieflythe
reasons why I opposed them. Three or four have
already been passed over the President's veto. I
voted for one. I am by no means confident that
1 uiu right in that. Iam much more confident
that I was correct in voting against those which
I opposed. I voted for the bill to improve the
navigation oi the mouth of the Mississippi river;
ana to my constituents, who aremore immediately
interested in what I say and do here than others,
I take this occasion to say, that I did not then
doubt, and do not now doubt, that I had the con-
stitutional right to give that vote. I had some
doubts—these doubts have been magnified since
—as to the expediency of voting for that meas-
ure. Wherever'a-work is clearly and distinctly
of national importance, I believe I have the right
to vote for it; but it is so difficult to determine in
our own minds what this class of works is, and
we are so liable to be led into error in reference to
them, that I think it is better to abstain entirely
from the exercise of the power, when it must
necessarily be limited, than to indulge its exercise,
and be drawn into excesses.
I do not at all mean to question the propriejy
of making these improvements; nor do I intend
to express any doubt that they ought to bo made;
but I think the burden of making them ought to
"be borne by those who are immediately and
directly interested in having them made. In ref-
erence to the great work for which I voted, and
to which I have already alluded—that for the im-
provement of the mouth of the Mississippi river
—1 think it would have been more proper, and I
should have greatly preferred voting for a bill to
authorize the State of Louisiana to levy tonnage
duties for the purpose of making that improve-
ment. It is an improvement which lies completely
within the jurisdiction of Louisiana. Congress
has no right to levy tonnage duties, but Congress
may authorize the State of Louisiana to levy
them; and 1 am perfectly willing and free to say
here, that so far as the commerce of my State is
concerned, (almost the whole of which must go
to the ocean through that outlet,) I stand prepared
at any time, and at all times, to advocate the
policy of taxing it for the purpose of making the
improvement, and shall consider it no hardship
that it has to bear the burden. My neigh-
bors and friends bestow their labor on the im-
provemcntof the ordinary highways of the coun-
try. They labor on them six days in the year to
keep theVn in good traveling condition. It is a
tax on their labor for the public benefit. When
we have turnpikes for our wagons to pass over,
there is a tax levied upon the wagon or land travel-
ers; and 1 know of no reason why, if money is
to be expended to make a river navigable, it
should not be raised in the same way that you
raise money to keep a turnpike in order. I know
no reason why this .Government should not as
much be called upon to make an appropriation to
remove a log from a highway as to make an ap-
propriation from the national Treasury to remove
a log from a river. I know-no greater reason why
this Government should pay for the accommoda-
tion of a ship in a harbor, than for the accommoda-
tion of a wagon at market. Those who enjoy
the benefits ought to bear the burdens. That is
my theory on the subject. It is a theory in per-
fect consonance with the Constitution, and in my
judgment ought long since to have been adopted.
Since it has long been delayed, it ought to be
adopted now. I am for it.
1 do not desire to pursue this subject. My
object in rising was to excuse myself to my con-
stituents chiefly, for not having voted on these
measures last week, by assigning the reasons of
my absence, and very briefly to state the grounds
on which I place my vote now.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I have not
withheld my vote from several of these appropri-
ations for the improvement of rivers and harbors.
I voted very cheerfully for clearing out the mouth
of the Mississippi, and shall vote readily for
removing snags from that river, and other great
rivers which may be called national highways.
1 have no objection to improving harbors where
they are great centers of commerce; but I think
there is a great tendency to abuse in this system,
and great liability to extend it too far, by apply-
ing appropriations to local and insignificant
points, and multiplying expenditures of public
money where there is not, and never can be, any
great national or common interest which requires
them. Perhaps no precise general rule for esti-
mating the national character of these works can
be given; while all will admit that such improve-
ments as are merely local should be made by the
State or neighborhood interested in them. We
should be careful to avoid partiality, or error, in
this respect, by requiring accurate information as
to the commerce to be benefited, its character
and importance, as well as the probable success
and value of the proposed improvement; and, in
some instances, it seems to me that it would be
weill rather to aid the enterprise of the locality,
than to assume the whole task ourselves. The
proposed improvement does not seem to me to be
entitled to our aid.
I have been looking at the map of Michigan,
and I see that this Grand river is on the eastern
side of Lake Michigan; that it is situated in a
certain county—Ottawa, I think it is called—in
which there are two other rivers proposed to be
improved—Black river, for which I think we
have passed a bill, Grand river, and Muskegon.
I have measured the distance on the map, accord-
ing to the scale which 1 find on the latest atlas
published, and I find that these three improve-
ments lie within a space of fifteen miles. This
improvement certainly cannot be justified, as
establishing a harbor of refuge for the lake com-
merce, for several reasons. In the first place, the
character of the improvement is such as to for-
bid that idea. It is evidently nothing but a plan
to deepen the mouth of the river, by carrying
out piers further into the lake.
The objection has already been made that, in
all probability, the only effect of that improve-
ment will be to remove the sand bar a little further
out into the lake; but that being the character of
the improvement, the river being a small one, with
comparatively little draught of water, it must be
a local improvement, and not a harbor of refuge
intended for the commerce of the whole lake. If
it were, there would be some propriety in it, and
I should hesitate to withhold my vote; but it is
not so. It is not so foranotber reason: there are
two other harbors "within five or seven miles of
it; and we certainly do not intend to say that it is
necessary to have harbors of refuge within every
five or six miles along either the Atlantic coast
or the coast of the lakes. I am perfectly willing
to furnish these aids and protections to our exter-
nal commerce and our internal commerce, if we
look carefully at the importance of the object, and
do not apply to a local and insignificant one an
appropriation which should be reserved for an
object of great national importance that benefits
our commerce generally.
I will not detain the Senate, however. I do not
desire to go into the general subject; but it struck
me as a singular fact, which I have mentioned—•
there being three of these harbors within a space
of fifteen miles—none presenting, as far as 1 un-
derstand 
Mr. STUART. Will the Senator do me the
favor to indicate the three harbors to which he
alludes ?
Mr. PEARCE. I mentioned them before—
Black river, Grand river, and Muskegon.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken. It is twelve miles from Muskegon to
Grand river.
Mr. PEARCE. I know nothing of the distance
of those ports from each other, except what the
atlas tells me. It is a recent, atlas, which we have
just given our sanction to by purchasing a num-
ber for the committees of the Senate. 1 under-
stand it is one of the best ever published, and
I take it for granted that it is accurate in this
respect. I find all these improvements are in one
county, and within the distance of each other
which I have mentioned. I cannot believe they
are objects of great national importance, and that
each, or either, or any of them, is of importance
as a harbor of refuge for lake commerce; and
therefore they appear to me entirely unworthy
of the patronage of Congress. I cannot vote for
the bill in this view of the subject.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not intend to go into
the discussion of this subject. I concur fully
with the views expressed "by the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Brow>*,] as to the true mode
of making these improvements. I think it would
be better to have them under the coiitrol of the
local authorities by a system of tonnage duties.
I do not attach much importance to the objec-
tion of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,]
in regard to an estimate of the cost of making
the improvement, for I never yet saw a harbor
finished, and never expect to live long enough to
see one finished, on the lakes. A harbor can never
be finished There must be a constant, perpetual
appropriation of money, from some source, to
•keep it in repair. The idea of ascertaining how
