"202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
fully less circumspect. Of one hundred and ninety
passed midshipman they have only dropped four-
teen. This is a sad commentary upon the whole
Wavy; and, if it betrue.it shows that the less
time a man liasr been in the Wavy ihe better his
character is, and the lughet up he gets the worse
he becomes. - [Laughter.] Out of one hundred
and ninety passed midshipmen they dropped only
fourteen; but when they reached the grade of
commodore, it seems they had become so utterly
corrupt that half of them must be struck off. 1
do not believe in any such thing.
For the reasons which I have stated, I believe
the lav/ to be an e.t post facto one; but I have
some other objections to it. it undertakes to do
what Congress have no right to do. This re-
moval of officers is not a removal by the Presi-
dent of the United Status; it is a removal by act
of Congress. I beg the attention of any members
of the committee who may be doing me the honor
to listen to me while I state what the law is. ft
provides that " all officers who shall be found by
the said board incapable of performing the duties
of their respective offices, ranks, or grades, shall,
if such finding be approved-by the President, be
dropped from the rolls, or placed, in the order of
their rank and seniority at the time, upon a list
in the Navy Register, to be entitled the reserved
list." There is no discretion left to the President.
He was only to determine whether the finding of
the board was correct. They found that, in con-
sequence of his being an old man, the moral per-
ceptions of Commodore Stewart had become
blunted, and were not so keen as those -of some
of the gentlemen who had been attending cotillon
parties at "Washington for a number of winters
past. "What could the President do ? The Pres-
ident does not turn tne officer out; the law does
it; Congress does it. The officers, if the finding
were approved by the President, were to be
dropped. The President could not have approved
the finding and still retain a man in the Navy;
but the two Houses of Congress undertook, by
this law, and by its operation, per sp, to turn
these officers out. It is the finding of the board,
on its approval by the President, that turns them
out. If that be so, the law is utterly void from
the beginning; and if this act, with the construc-
tion which has been given to it, could, by any
possibility, be submitted to that high tribunal
which sits in the chamber below us—the Supreme
Couit of the United States—I should not have
the slff^h test fears but that the judgment of that
couri would be that the act was utterly unconsti-
tutional.
Why, sir, it is abhorrent to every feeling of
justice. Here are commanders on a court, trying
members of their own grade. The trial is of
such a nature that, if any are found unworthy,
they are to be dropped, and the very gentlemen
who find them unworthy take their places. Such
has been the operation of it There was Captain
Boerum, in command of the most desirable station
in the Navy, the navy~ycirri at Brooklyn, New
York—a man who, 1 believe, from all I have
heard of hint, is as fully competent to discharge
the high duties of that place as any man in the
Navy—a gallant, excellent, honorable, high-
minded officer, muproaehable in all the relations
of hfe as an officer and a gentleman; but this
board found that he had too blunt perceptions to
be a captain m the Navy, oi to be in command
of the naval station in Pn ookl yn,and they thought
that there was one of their own number who had
* finer perceptions, and who was better calculated
to take that post; and, by mere accident, the
youngest captain on the board finds himself com-
fortably seated m Captain Boerum's place. No
doubt the Secretary of the Navy would say, it
is by the merest accident. Sir, suppose the ease
of the trial of a title to land: if a jury were to sit
to try my title to the house m whidi I lived, and
if, when they iVutul a verdict against me, the
result was, thar the jurymen who found that 1 had
no title stepped m nud took my place—what
would be said of such a proceeding? Should I
be satisfied with it, if I were told that it was a
mere accident—that I was not fit to hold it; that
I had to go out, and that Jt so happened, acci-
dentally, that the jurymen who rendered the ver-
dict should take my place after I had gone out?
1 thmk not.
There is another matter in connection with this
subject which I wish to urge. I perceive that
these gentlemen were tried without any accusa-
tion, without having extended to them the benefit
i of the constitutional provision which allows a
j criminal in the smallest criminal transaction to
have his accusation delivered to him, the oppos-
! ing witnesses confronted with him, and wit-
nesses produced on his own behalf. This board
kept no record at all. They swore no witnesses;
but there was submitted to them evidence, as the
report of the Secretary of the Navy shows, which
would have been clearly inadmissible before any
court of justice. What was that evidence? The
records of the Department containing charges
upon which officers had sometimes been heard
and tried, and charges in some cases upon which
there had been no hearing and no trial. Those
charges, brought forward behind men's backs,
ex parte allegation's which had slumbered in the
Department for years, and upon which the offi-
cers under existing laws had the right to be tried
by court-martial, to confront their accusers, and
produce witnesses in their own behalf, were sub-
mitted to the board. The officers against whom
those charges were made had no opportunity to
rebut them by evidence, but they were sub-
mitted by the Secretary of the Navy to the retiring
board as evidence upon which gentlemen have
been deprived of their character, of their reputa-
tion, of their place the Navy, of their standing
before society and before their families.
Now, Mr. President, let me put a single case
to you. Suppose the retiring board had had the
power of inflicting the punishment of death upon
such a hearing as this; suppose that, without
notifying a man that there was an accusation
against him, and without giving him an oppor-
tunity to have the witnesses brought before him,
or for him to bring witnesses to rebut the charge,
it had the power of inflicting the punishment of
death, and death had been inflicted. AVould not
1 the moral sense of the world—not of Christendom,
| but of creation—have, cried out in indignation and
I horror at such an infamous law as that? It could
| not have stood for a moment. Now, let me ask
| you whether, amongst the two hundred men who
j have been stricken down, you do not suppose
1 that there was a vast number who would greatly
! piefer that death should comc before disgrace, and
j who would say to this board, to the Senate, and
j to the country: ,£ Leave me my characer; leave
me my untarnished reputation; leave me an im-
| blotted name; have me an unscathed character,
• so that, when 1 o;o hence to be here no more, if I
j can leave to those who survive menothing else, in
| God's name, let me leave them an unspotted rep-
j utation?" I ask you, sir, do you not suppose
i there are very many who would have infinitely
preferred death to the disgrace that has thus been
inflicted upon them? Beyond controversy. It
doea not require a very great degree of courage,
it does not require a very high effort of magna-
nimity, for a man to say thot he prefers death to
dishonor; but yet you have gone on and heaped
] upon at least one third of this branch of the public
! service a dishonor which is worse than death,
j When the report of the board came to the Sec-
I rotary, he says he did not approve of it alto-
j gether; he knew they had done right in some
| eases, and, therefore, he was willing to think they
; did so in the m.un; and lie iccommonds the
1 President to approve the whole, and the Prcsi-
' dent did so.
j The board. I think, sat for about thirty days,
and they probably did not occupy more than six
; hours a day with their sessions Then they were
1 one hundred and eighty hours m session; and in
! that time they passed upon six hundred officers.
' At this rate they must have got through the trial
' of three in an hour. The Secretary tells us that
after that he carefully examined their report.
Examined what? The names of the officers
| dropped and reserved. I presume. No doubt he
! read over very carefully the alphabetizei list.
; There was no record of proceedings; no reason
'assigned for the action of the board; nothing
| which he could examine except the lists of the
' names of the officers. He wjs certain that they
: were spelled right, I suppose. After he got
i through with his examination, he sent the list to
the President, telling the President that lie had
examined it " carefully," and recommended its
approval. What did the President do? After a
delay of a.-week, he stated that he had carefully
examined and deliberately considered it. The
President had deliberation upon this matter, for
he says, "having carefully examined and delib-
erately considered the report,"&c. What did
he consider? The list ana the figures; lie had
nothing else to examine and consider. He had
nothing but the names of the men who were to
be dropped and retired, and the places they had
occupied; and his expression is, that he "ap-
proved" the finding of the board as set forth in
their report; but he docs not go on to dismiss the
officers. There never has been a President of
the United States since the adoption of the Con-
stitution who dared, with one dash of his pen, to
dismiss without a reason two hundred naval
officers. No, sir. It would have excited a
storm of indignation in tho country which no
man could have stood before. The President did
not undertake to do it. He simply expressed his
approval of the finding of the board; and vhen
he did that, Congress and the lav/ came in and
turned the officers out of the service.
Sir, we present to-day the spectacle of having
men of high and honorable attainments—men per-
fectly competent to discharge all their duties, men
without reproach, without the suspicion of dis-
honor—branded, turned out before their faimlies
and fellow-citizen^, as disgraced, the finger of
scorn pointed at them, they left liable to every sus-
picion and every surmise and every conjecture
which malignity or enmity may suggest; and
when they go to the records of their country to
have a reason for this, they find no record but
the bare statement of dismissal. One man is
turned out for drunkenness, another for theft,
and another for having blunted moral perceptions;
but the record is all alike. The thief, the felon,
the drunkard, the man of blunted moral percep-
tions, arc all put m the same category—all left to
stagger under the load of opprobrium from now
until the day they go to their graves. For my-
self, I believe it is wrong, utterly and totally-—
wrong in its beginning, wrong in its progress,
wrong in its conception, wrong in its consumma-
tion, and infinitely worse in Vts execution. If
there had been but a solitary case, and that case
had been that of the humble memorialist whose
petition I have presented to the Senate to-day—
if there had been but one case of such monstrous
injustice—1 should have said : " Repeal your law;
a law which so operates, a law which is so exe-
cuted, that such are its natural consequences, is
not fit to stand upon the statute-book of the
United States; let it be obliterated."
Sir, from the little I know, and from what I
have heard of those gentlemen who have been
placed on the reserved list or dropped from the
naval service, I will make this assertion—and I
am not afraid to pledge the little reputation that
belongs to so humble a man as I urn upon it—
that you may select those two hundred men, and
bring them before an impartial board, competent
to pass upon their merits, and (my life upon the
issue) they can man a fleet with officers of every
grade as fully competent to maintain the honor
of your llag on every sea as those who are left,
ana 1 think a little more so.
Entertaining these views, i.Tr. President, I ask
that this memorial may be Submitted to the Com-
mittee on the Judickuy, so that we may have
the opinion of that committee upon the constitu-'
tioiml question which, I think, lies upon the
very surface of this proceeding; and that is,
whether the law under which the naval board
have acted is not a n'et post facto law; whether
it does not make an act punishable by different
evidence, and whether it does nofinfhct a differ-
ent punishment from what was usual when the
; act was commuted.
I Up to the year 183."> tin; President had the power
j to furlough an officer when he pleased. From
! 1^35 to 1^45, that power was taken away from
| him. In 1845 it was restored. But he never had
I power to retire ?,n officer; he never had power";
I such as this law gave him: and there is no pre-
! t< pso that he ever had. Then, that statute uoes
! make now crimes; it allows evidence to be sub-
nutted which could not have been legally sub-
! muted to any tribunal before its passage. For
these and various other reasons, it is obnoxious
to the charge of being unconstitutional in its pro-
visions, and therefore I have made this motion,
i Jt is not because I wish to take away from the
I Committee on Naval Affairs any business which
[ appropriately belongs to them; but because I
