THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, APRIL 38, 1856.
New Series....No. 59.
been the cause of the clamor from that day to this.
That has been the reason why conventions of
soldiers have appeared here in Washington. It
has not been on their volition, but it has been at
the suggestion of certain land speculators who
wished to get hold of their warrants.
The Senator from Pennsylvania says it makes
no difference whether a man buys land for $1 25
in money, or buys land warrants at §1 00 or
§1 05 an acre, and enters the land with those war-
rants. It makes the difference of twenty or
twenty-five cents an acrc. When land warrants
stand at $1 00 an aero, the speculator makes
twenty-five cents an acre; and when you apply
that to the millions which are purchased, it
amounts to an immense speculation. _
Mr. President, as I said before, I dislike to dis-
cuss all imaginable questions on a single question
presented to the Senate, and I dislike to be called
on to answer these points. I think I can show,
and 1 can appeal to any gentleman who lives in
a western State to show, that the Senator from
Pennsylvania is mistaken when he says that the
woist landed propiietor is the United States. Sir,
the United States arc the best proprietor. It is
people that constitute a State. Every State in
this Union, old or new, the Government of the
United States included, is interested in the actual
settlement and cultivation of the land. It is true
there is some benefit to the States growing out of
the taxation of the land when it passes from the
Government to the speculator; but it is very small.
They are taxed at a small sum, compared with
what would be the fact if the lands were settled.
Instead of a quarter section being estimated in
the tax roll at $200, it would then be estimated at
perhaps $3,000, with §1,500 of personal property
oil it also subject to taxation. Then considcrthe
question inconceivably beyond this—the educa-
tion of the settlers'children. When you keep the
settlers apart, two, three, four, or six miles from
each other, they cannot maintain the system of
common schools; their children are necessarily
cut off from tiie great benefit of that principle
which lies at the foundation of our institutions
and government.
I cannot consent to occupy the time of the
Senate now, but I could in an hour demonstrate
as clearly as that two and two make four mathe-
matically, that foreign speculation in a State is
deeply injurious, both to the State itself, and to
the old States of this Union—clearly and unquali-
fiedly injurious.
Having said thus much, I beg leave simply to
add, that I desire to do my utmost to get this bill
out of the way to-day, in some form, and I
should be glad to come to a vote on this and all
other questions connected with the bill.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Pugh,] has called my attention to a provision in
my amendment which is unnecessary, and I will,
with the consent of the Senate, strike it out; and
then he has a proviso to offer to which I will
consent. The words which I propose to strike
out of my amendment are, "with a view to
determine the quantity of land to which any
officer or soldier is entitled.''
The PRESIDENT. The Senator has a right
to modify his amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. I modify it in this way.
Mr. PUGH. I intend to offer a proviso to the
amendment; and I wish to say a word to the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodheap,] as
to the remarks which fell from him in regard to
the benefits to be conferred on the new States by
any proposition for giving lands to actual settlers.
There never was so much delusion as for Sen-
ators to imagine that they confer a great benefit
on individuals who are compelled to cultivate the
land when they give them the public domain.
Take any of the new States of this Union, and
you may charge them $1 25 an acre for all the
lands in them of every description; and then, if
you will pay the cultivator at the ordinary wages
of farm labor for the trouble and inconvenience to
which he has been subjected from the day he first
went on the lands, you will find the balance of
59
the account on his side. There is not an acre
of public land which is worth a shilling until you
can get a man to cultivate it; and this is the reason
why non-resident proprietors, who do not settle
the public domain, arc such a great injury both to
the United States and to the now States.
Now, I desire to offer a proviso to tost this
amendment. If it be merely to apply to the
case stated by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] I do not care to dwell on it. If it be
merely to apply to the case of men who, from the
accident of not finding a muster officcr at the
place of rendezvous, were compelled to travel
some other distance under the authority of the
Government or any officers of the General Gov-
ernment, I shall not controvert it. I propose,
therefore, to add to it this proviso:
Provided, That such march was in obcdicnce to the com-
mand or direction of the President of the United States, or
some geneial commanding an army or department, or the
chief executive officer of the State or Terntory by which
such company, battalion, or regiment was called into ser-
vice.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Senate do not object I
will accept that as a part of my amendment.
The PRESIDENT. Then the question is on
the amendment as amended.
Mr. BIGLER. Lutit be read as it now stands.
The amendment as-modified was read, as fol-
lows:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That whore any company,
battalion, or regiment, in an organized form, marched more
than twenty miles to the place where they were mustered
into the service of the United States, or were discharged
more than twenty miles from the place where such com-
pany, battalion, or regiment was organized; in all such
cases, in computing the length ot'seivice of the officers and
soldiers of any such company, battalion, onegnnent, under
the act entitled 'An act m addition to ceitam acts granting
bounty land to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged m the military seivice of the United States,' ap-
proved 3d of Maich, 1855, theie shall be allowed one day
tor every twenty miles from the place where the company,
battalion, or legiment was organized, to the place where
the same was mustered into the service of the United
States ; and also, one day for every twenty miles from the
place where such company, battalion, or regiment was
discharged, to the place where it was organized, and from
whence it matched to enter the service: Provided, That
such maich was in obedience to the command or direction
of the President of the United States, or some general offi-
cer of the United States, commanding an army or depart-
ment, or the chief executive officei of the State or Terri-
tory, by which such company, battalion, or regiment was
called into service.
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 19, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Tennes-
see, Biggs, Bright, Brown, Crittenden, Fish, Fitzpatuok,
Hale, Hamlin. Houston, Iverson, Jones of Tennessee, Reid,
Seward, Sumner, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wade—19.
NAYS—Mcssrs. Adams, Alien, Bigler, Brodhead, Butler,
Cass, Collamer, Dodge, Dutkee, Evans, Foot, Harlan^
Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Pugh, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuait,
Weller, Wilson, and Wright—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have an amendment to
offer as an additional section:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That in every case
where a land warrant shall have been issued after the de-
cease of the applicant, leaving no widow or minor child or
children, then said warrant may be assigned or located by
the administrator or executor of said deceased.
An amendment substantially like this was sub-
mitted to the Committee on Public Lands by
myself. It was not appoved by that committee;
but believing the principle to be perfectly right,
I have submitted it to the Senate for its consider-
ation and action. The Pension Bureau, as I un-
derstand, has decided that where an application
for a warrant has been made, and the applicant
has died before the issuing of the warrant, leav-
ing no widow or minor children, the warrant
ceases to be worth anything, because it cannot
be located and used by anybody. In my judg-
ment, as the delay arises wholly on the part of
the Government, the neglect of the Government
to issue the warrant at the time when the appli-
cation is made, should not affect the rights* of
the parties; but the issuing of the warrant should
have reference to the day of the application, and to
no other time. If the applicant dies while the
Government delays issuing the warrant, I think it
should go to the estate of the deceased, and form
part of his assets, precisely as it would do if the
warrant had been issued at the time when the
application was made. So believing, I have of-
fered the amendment.
Mr. PUGH. I do not wish to make a speech
on this question; I simply ask for the leading of
a paragraph of the report of the committee ac-
companying this bill, giving the reasons for ob-
jecting to that proposition.
The Secretary read the following extract from
the report:
c< The attention of the committee has been invited to the
propriety of declaimg that where an application has been
made in the life-time of the soldier, and he has died befote
the issuing of a ceitilieate or warrant, his heirs should be
permitted to prosecute the application in exclusion of the
widow; and, in like manner, where the widow has applied,
but has died before the issuing of a certificate or warrant,
her heirs may prosecute in exclusion of the minor child or
children of the foldier, or whenever there arc no such elnl-
dicu. Upon this point, also, the committee has taken ad-
vice from the Commissioner of Pensions, independently of
the construction heretofore adopted; and in the serious con-
sequences which might arise from any change in this respect,
the committee fully agtces with the Commi>sioner, not only
as to the correctness of his deeiMon in point of law, but as
to the policy which Congress intended and should maintain.
Oui statutes lor gianting bounty land do not proceed upon
the idea ol a debt to the soldier (and, far less, to his vv idow
or child!en) for sei vices rendered ; these were eomprn^itcd
fully at the lime, except in the ease of revolutionary soldier.
The statutes intend to confer a bounty upon the soldier, and
in case of his death, upon his widow, and in case of her
death, upon his minor children. The heirs of the soldier,
other than his minor children, were never the objects of
congressional beneficence, nnd in less degree, certainly,
weiethe collateral heirs of the widow, or any person not
of the blood of the soldier himself."
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I have no dis-
position to protract this debate, but I beg leave
to correct one expression used in the report. It
is there stated that bounty lands arc not given as
a compensation for services rendered, but as a
gratuity. The Commissioner of Pensions, it
seems, has so decided, and the Committee on
Public Lands concur in the decision. For my
part I understand the bounty land laws altogether
differently. The report says that in the case of
the revolutionary soldiers, they have not received
full compensation; but that other soldiers have,
and that, therefore, the bounty land has -been a
gratuity. I ^remember what took place in the
House of Representatives, when a proposition
was there maae to increase the compensation of
tho volunteers for their services in Mexico. It
was objected to on account of the condition of
the Treasury at that time, and for the further
reason that it made an inequality in compensation
between the regulars and volunteers; but it was
distinctly understood between the members of the
House of Representatives then, although no
formal vote was taken on the question, that if the
volunteers were detained for a considerable time,
bounty land would be given them as additional
compensation. On no other principle than as a
compensation for sacrifices and services rendered,
to the country, has any bounty land law ever
properly been passed by Congress. I am un-
willing, therefore, that the report should go out
as a correct exposition of the law and its purpose.
I admit that the law is unjust and unequal, be-
cause it gives greater compensation to some than
to others. It was not intended, however, to make
ample and full compensation to all. The result
has been to make more than adequate compensa-
tion to some. I think it is a palpable error to say
that any volunteer has at any time received full
compensation in the regular pay established by
the laws of the country. Is seven dollars a month
full compensation to a man for serving his coun-
try , when his life is hazarded everyday ? It cannot
be.
If the law of last year requires any amendment,
I think that proposed by the Senator from Maine
is the most necessary. Under the law, a soldier
is entitled to one hundred and sixty acres of land,
and if he dies his widow or minor children arc to
receive it; but I have never been able to see any
reason why his children, who are not minors,
should not have it if he dies, leaving no widow
or minor children. As the Senator from Maine
