1856.
mm CON'G-RESSiO'NAiL ''©LOBE.
much a particular harbor is going to cost involves
the necessity of first ascertaining how long you
are going to have a town there to do business.
We have been told, many a time, that it was
going to cost so much to finish the Chicago har-
bor—>12,000, then $20',000, then $50,000, then
§100,000; you might as well say-^10,000,000, for
as long as the water runs in Lake Michigan and
brings its sand down, and washes around the
end of the pier and fills in, you must-remove it;
and, as it extends and forms a sand-bank above
the pier, you have to elongate the pier. So you
must keep on every few years; and you must
dredge the channel every few years, or every
year. It is, therefore, a system of improvement
that never is to end as long as commerce exists.
For that reason 1 would rather put it under the
care of the local authorities, who could have the
dues come in every day, and the money expended
every day. Thus things would go on quietly
and regularly. When are you going to get done
making the roads of the country, and when are
you going to get done with making improvements
in the streets of your cities ? These are matters
that must continue as long as civilization lasts.
So with these harbor improvements.
When you come to this particular case, I think
Grand river has very peculiar merits in this class
of improvements, and the harbor there ought to
be made under any system you may pursue. I
shall vote for it under this system as long as I
vote for the system. 1 would prefer abandoning
this system and taking a wiser, better, and more
economical one. But Grand river is one of the
important harbors on the east side of Lake Mich-
igan, in that great line of communication from
Detroit to Milwaukee, and the mouth also of the
largest river in the State of Michigan. I know
there is an immense trade between the city in
which I live and Grand river; and if you are to
go on with this system of appropriations I do not
know of a point on these lakes, certainly not
one on the east bank, that has higher claims than
Grand river. Hence I have no hesitation in
giving my vote for it as long as we are pursuing
this line of policy.
I will nor continue thisMiscussion. It does no
good. I think we had beter get through with the
whole batch of bills, and then go to work and
reform the system. I have but a word more to
say. I like the suggestion of the Senator from
Michigan, that he is willing to put the appropria-
tion at ^50,000 by contract. I am sure he will
get more work done for $50,000 by contract, than
by an appropriation of $100,000 to be expended
under the War Department. I do not agree with
the Senator from Virginia that a topographical
engineer's estimate is the best in the world. I
have high respect for that corps in the line of
their profession, but I would rather have the
opinion of a steamboat captain, who never studied
engineering, but who sails in and out of a harbor
every day, than all the engineer corps in the
world. That captain will tell how much the har-
bor fills up, how much the channel varies from
year to year by the washings of the sand and by
the storm upon it, a great deal better than the
engineer corps will by applying their science to
it. Practical observation year after year shows
where one bank is washing away and another is
filling up; where the channel is filling up at one
place and deepening at another; where a log has
sunk and what effect it is producing. Nothing
but daily observation will teach a man how these
improvements should be made. As long as you
send men there from abroad who only go and
take a look at a harbor at a particular stage of
the water, at a particular season of the year, and
judge of it from that view, their opinion is useless
in regard to the nature of that improvement.
That is my opinion; and hence I prefer the
contract system proposed by the Senator from
Michigan, leaving it under the control of the
Department. I would prefer that it should be
left with the local authorities; but if we are to go
on with the present system, 1 think this point is
as meritorious as most of them, and has peculiar
merits on Lake Michigan.
Mr. HUNTER. To show what may be the
consequences of departing from the estimates of
the engineers, I wish to refer to an appropriation,
to which the Senator from Mississippi adverted,
for the mouth of the Mississippi river. I hold
in my hand an estimate of Captain Beauregard,
of the engineer corps, in regard to that work.
He estimates that the work may be done by the
Government itself, if it furnishes asteamboat, at
a monthly expense of $4,250, and at an annual
expense of -$51,000. Then allowing $5,000 for
the wear and tear of the boat, which he computes
will last for fifteen years, you have $56,000a year
as the expense. It is conceded on all hands that
the clearing out of the bar of the Mississippi
will be an annual thing. The bill which has been
passed proposes to spend ^330,000 on it, and
forces the'Secretary of War to put it out at con-
tract; and I understand for that contract there is
a single company in New Orleans that probably
can defy all competition—a sort of tow-boat
company that goes down to tow vessels over the
bar. Thus we are debarred from using the esti-
mates of the engineers, or using a boat to be put
at the service of a competent officer, though it
maybe done with less expense, and weare forced
to put out the work at contract.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and on the question, Shall it be en-
grossed for a third reading?
Mr. BUTLER called for the yeas and nayS;
and they were ordered; and being taken resulted
—yeas 22, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Hell of New Ilamp=lihe,'Be!l of
Tennessee, Bciljamin, Rriirbt. Cass, Dodge, Ilouglrts, Dur
kee, I'Vsscnd<:n. Foot, Foster, llaihm, James, Jones of
Iowa, Push, Sebastian, Sewaid, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. ni£2s,Bisler,BrfXlliead,T3rMvu,
Butler, Clay, Fitzpatnek. [lou.-ton, llilnter, iveraon, Mason,
Pearee, ileid, Toombs, Weller, and Yulee—17.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
It was read the third time, and passed.
BLACIC LAKE HARBOR.
The Senate next proceeded to consider, -as in
Committee of the Whole, the bill (S. Wo. '40)
making an appropriation for the construction of
a harborat the mouth of Black river, in the State
of Michigan.
It proposes to appropriate"$50,000 for the con-
struction of a harbor at Black lake, in the State
of Michigan. The work is to be let by contract,
by the Secretary of War, to such person or per-
sons as agree to complete the harbor for the
amount appropriated.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think that is one of the three
harbors within fifteen miles. I wish to call atten-
tion to that fact. 1 do not know whether it is
a harbor of refuge, or whether there is so much
commerce in Michigan that we must have three
harbors within fifteen miles, according to the
statement of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. STUART. I have just explained to the
Senator from Maryland the map, and shown him
that he was in error. Black lake, for which there
is an appropriation, is twenty-one or twenty-two
miles south of Grand river; and Muskegon river
(or more properly a lake which would hold all the
shipping of the United States) is some twelve or
thirteen miles on the other side of it. That is
the distance. Then the reports which have been
made on this subject have all agreed in this.
Senators will see that Lake'Michigan, running
north and south—the eastern shore—is the lee
shore; and all the vessels, when a storm is up,
are driven to that shore. There is no refuge on
the other side. The whole commerce of the lake,
when attacked by a storm, must find refuge on
tile eastern shore, or be stranded. Hence the
reports have been invariable to urge on Congress
the necessity of improving every harbor there
that was susceptible of improvement, for the
purpose of refuge merely. When you get down
in Indiana, at Michigan City, there the Depart-
ments have urged the construction of a break-
water. The small stream that runs into the lake
at that point, is not navigable; but for the pur-
i pose of protection merely—the. vessels being
| driven into the lake—the construction of a break-
i water there was indispensably necessary as a
> harbor of refuge.
These are, in a few words—of course volumes
might be written upon the subject—the reasons
why harbors are much more necessary for refuge
on the east shore of Lake Michigan than on the
west. My colleague has just handed me a report
! on the subject. Black lake's situation is ten
i miles north of Kalamazoo river, and twenty-two
j miles south of Grand river; and upon that the
< general commerce requires for its protection-a
good harbor,-which is'fully attested by the narii-
ber of "wrecks that lie on this leeward shore. It
is the leeward shore at the seafeons of the year
most subject to heavy blows—the spring and
fall—when the prevailing winds are from the
northward and the westward. No perfect har-
bor exists for the whole length of the shore.
The loss of life arid property has been'great, arid
must always be so until good harbors are made-.
This is the statement of the topographical
bureau, and it is founded on the very nature of
things, as any one will see by looking at the
shore of the lake. The prevailing winds are
from the westward and the northward arid the
southward, all blowing vessels to the eastefn
shore, and they can find no refuge except in
these harbors.
I could go on and give a statement of the local
business there, which is very great. The harbor
of Grand river had a trade of $1,000,000 last
year. So of Black lake. There is a very heavy
foreign settlement therefrom Holland, which haa
gone on sending out immense amounts of lumber,
and taking in immense amounts of goods. In
consequence of the incompleteness oftheharbor,
within the last year, after having thirty ifeet Of
pier, it was washed away in a storm.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think the'Senator
from Michigan has offered the slightest reason
why there should be three harbors of refuse
within thirty-three miles, which is the ease, as
he makes it out for himself. The Senator from
Maryland showed from the map that the distance
was fifteen miles.
Mr. PEARCE. It is right that I should sa'y
that, since making that statement, the Senator
from Michigan has slidwn me that there arc two
Black rivers oil thajpap. 'I believe they are all
in the same court™. The -Black river in th'e
southern part of Ottowa county is the one cov-
ered by a bill 'which has been passed. 1 sup-
posed it to be the upper Blaek river, but it seems
there are two.
Mr. TOOMBS. According to the statement
of the 'Senator from Michigan himself, he hets
three harbors of refuge witliin thirty-three miles.
One, he says, is within twenty-two miles south
of the center one, and the other is eleven or
twelve miles north of it, so that there are three
harbors, on the pretense of being harbors of
refuge, within that short'distance. We are told
that at this point there is a considerable com-
merce—a commerce of a million of dollars. A
magnificent commerce this; a whole million of
dollars? There is scarcely a small trading town
on the Alabama or the Mississippi rivers, some-
times even at points at country road depots, and
often at wood-yards, where there is no town,
there is a commerce of a million dollars a year.
Here is a proposition to appropriate $50,000 for
a harbor at a particular point, and the argument
for it is that it has a commerce of a million of
dollars. The appropriation is five per Cent, of
the amount of its commerce. Are we to levy five
per cent, on the industry of the country because
this place does a business of §1,000,000? That
is the reason for it. The result is that every
little place on the lakes which docs a million of
business, must have five per cent, levied on the
honest industry of the country for making it a
harbor—there is no better reason.
As my friend from Mississippi has said, you
should on the same principle make roads. I he
people of the country, at their own expense, make
roads for transporting" commodities in their own
wagons. They pay tor tlioir ownl and tianspoi-
tation. Why should ship-owners, under the delu-
sive and fraudulent pretense of regulating com-
merce, have their transportation cheapened by
appropriations from the Federal Treasury more
than anybody else ? It is no argument to say that
ships are lost; for ever since the Bible was writ-
ten, those who godown to the sea in ships have
run the dangers of storms and wrecks. "\\ ho can
pretend that, even for that purpose, three harbors
of refuse are necessary within thiity-thrce miles?
Sir, it is nothing but carrying out this flagitious
system of appropriating the public Treasuiy to
the use of particular persons and places. It is
done loosely; it is done on the demand of Sena-
tors. The committee gave it to the Senator from
Michigan on his own demand, against the esti-
mates of the officers of the Government. Even
the Senator from Illinois, who affects to be agauiot
