104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. DamrcU.
Ho. of Reps
the elections in the Territory of Kansas. We
desire information on that subject. We want to
know the facts in the case. We have a right to
know them. Who are they that refuse us this
privilege? The friends of the Administration.
They are the ones who are shirking. They wish
to cover up these frauds, and prevent the people
of this nation from becoming acquainted with the
facts in relation to these outrageous proceedings.
We have a right to this information, and we will
have it. That is the reason why we are stoutly
contending for the privilege of sending for persons
and papers. I care not how we get at the in-
formation, so that we do get it in full. If there
have been no outrages there, the friends of the
Administration will not be injured; if there have
been, the friends of freedom will be righted.
The gentleman who last spoke [Mr. Lake] has
taunted these emigrant settlers for their want of
energy, as craven cowards, because they did not
drive off the armed bands that came to the polls,
with banners waving and drums beating. What
energy would he have them manifest, to merit his '
approbation as brave men ? They were few in !
number and unarmed, for they did not go there '
to fight, but to plow, and sow, and reap, and
build houses; in short, to make Kansas a pleasant
dwelling-place. And Sharpe's rifles were not
heard of there until the border ruffians interfered
with the elections and overpowered them with
an armed force, who went over for the express
purpose of carrying the election against them.
We think they were wise men to wait for rein-
forcements, arms, and ammunition.
Gentlemen ought not to express surprise that,
under the circumstances, the settlers from New
England were anxious to procure Sharpe's rifles,
or that their friends at home were prompt in fur-
nishing them.
It was suggested by a gentleman on the other
side of the House, this afternoon, that before
Massachusetts philanthropists pour out their
treasure so freely to send men, arms, and ammuni-
tion to Kansas, they had better provide for their
own starving population. I tell the gentleman
that while Massachusetts supports a liberal por-
tion of the paupers and criminals of Europe, she
makes ample provision for her own unfortunate
poor, and has some funds left to contribute for
the defense of the constitutional rights of her
noble sons against the attacks of the border
ruffians.
It is enough for the men of Massachusetts to
Knowthat their fellow-citizens, who have gone to
that distant Territory with honorable purposes,
have had their political rights invaded, their
printing-presses and types destroyed, and their .
lives taken in cold blood, to arouse them to meet I
promptly any demands made upon them by the
survivors, even for arms and ammunition, if
needed in so holy a cause as self-defense. And
they would not stop to ask permission of this
xlouse, of Missouri, or of the country, to con-
tribute to their necessities.
The old charge is repeated by that gentleman,
that the emigrant aid society was chartered by
Massachusetts, with an enormous fund to provide
weapons with which to deluge that fair land in
blood. I challenge the proof. It is false. The
honorable gentleman has been misinformed on
this subject. It is true that Massachusetts did
charter the emigrant aid society, with a capital. I
believe, of $000,000. It is also true that not
more than $50,000 have been paid into that fund;
S, „Jf ntuei mte"dcd that a dollar of it should
and^nnt  °Ii n® P"rchfe of ammunition or arms,
and not a dollar has been so expended. What
were the objects of this emigrant aid society
against whicfi such a great outcry has been rS'
on the floor of this House? What crime against
SdiSP ? °i!ir co"ntry>or the rights of States or
individuals, has this organization perpetrated ?
nf M ' pruOCUred a charter from the Legislature
of Massachusetts, permitting the holding of prop-
r*Ttt am.ount °f >1.000,000. That foots
Sr ti,£e fTi!ng °{ a large j°b; $50,000, only,
of this capital have, however, as yet, been paid in
I ins society commenced its operations by is-
suing circulars to awaken an interest in Kansas
representing it as a rich and vast field for the ex-
ercise of the energry and ambition of New Eng-
land men on the sunset side of the great Father of
Waters. When emigrants presented themselves,
they devised plans for safely, expeditiously, and
economically transporting them and their fami-
lies to their desired haven, and for the selection
of the best locations for settlements.
How have the $50,000 been invested ? In build-
ing substantial hotels at different points in the
Territory of Kansas for the accommodation and
comfort of emigrants on their arrival in the new
country. In erecting saw-mills and grist-mills
j on the different water courses, that the emigrant
I might have facilities for building his house and
i preparing his bread.
| They did not stop here. Knowing that man
| could not " live by bread alone," they assisted
the people of Kansas to build school-houses and
houses of worship. All these things the emigrant
aid society have done for the industrious and
enterprising farmers and mechanics of New Eng-
land who have gone to seek their fortunes in
Kansas. But they have never given to, or pro-
vided for them, directly or indirectly, either am-
munition, cannon, pistols, bowie-knives, or rifles.
While it has been the mission of this associ-
ation to aid the emigrant to procure a home,
comfort, and competence for himself and family,
they have never contemplated a fight with Mis-
souri. They purposed to open as speedily as
possible this broad avenue for the hardy, intel-
ligent sons of New England, who are ever restless
on their own barren soil, and sighing for more
favorable opportunities. I admit—ay I glory
in the admission—that they purposed to settle
that far-off Territory with freemen, and bless it
with free institutions. Yes, settle it with men
who fear God, and regard man [black or white]
made in the image of God. I admit that they
designed " to make a good thing out of it" them-
selves. And why should they not? I deny that
they have ever counseled hostility to Missouri,
or any unconstitutional act on the part of emi-
grants. I deny, and challenge proof, that they
have ever, knowingly, sent men of immoral char-
acter into the Territory. In what, then, consists
the guilt of the emigrant aid society? It has
helped multitudes of men who were willing to
help themselves, and who were in needy circum-
stances, to a good home in a country rich in re-
sources, and to religious and educational advant-
ages, and the corporation will ultimately receive
a fair return for the capital invested. This is the
whole front of their offending.
During the remarks of the honorable gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Oliver] the other day,
he said:
. " Even before the Kansas-Nebraska act became a law.
m anticipation of its passage, the opponents of slavery, as
well asot that bill, formed an association in this city, which
was called the ' emigrant aid society,' and the object of
which was to induce persons of anti-slavery proclivities to j
emigrate to that Territory. As an inducement to such
emigrants, this association was to furnish them with the
means that would enable them to reach the Territory with
the express understanding that all who went there under
Jler?"spi!ccs association were, in the first election
of members of the Legislature, to vote for those, and those
toe Territory" °PP0sed 10 1116 induction of slavery into
Well, admit they did. It is among the rights
guarantied to us in the Constitution to dissem-
inate the principles of a free Government. How
could that be done better than by sending anti-
slavery men into a new Territory? It certainly
could '\ot be done by sending pro-slavery men
I t even "-heir passage-money was paid,
which I deny, where is the crime ? We would
| remind the gentleman, that if they were anti-
slavery men when they started, it did not require
an "express understanding" to induce them to
vote against the introduction of slavery after thev
got there. Again: 7
" The only object to be accomplished by this association
i k31' ias Scy say* ^e "liquitous purposes of the
q Tt0 contro1 the elections, and to make
Kansas a free State. It was for that purpose, and none
thefree a!^S ?s®ociajion was organized, and persons in I
the free States induced to emigrate to that Territory." '
If, as the gentleman says, the only obiect to
theTn?m,i,llShed by the association was to defeat
£ ' r-T pUrP°se,of the Kansas-Nebraska
It deserve ,haS and G°d «peed it.
itUeserves the undivided support of every lover
?«■£• STrr'-of lo™' °f
more effort hai  if re®ret ]hat a hundred-fold
more effort had not been made to accomplish this
glorious object. Gentlemen cannot deny that
the great over-shadowing intent of the framers of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill was to carry slavery
into that Territory. Again, he remarks:
" It was sympathy for the Africans that then prompted
them to subscribe money, and induce the poor, duped, while
men ot tile iVorth to go two thousand miles, on the wild
adventure ot controlling the elections of that Territory
and to defeat what they said was the object of the Kansas-
JNenrai-ka bill—namely, to establish slavery in Kansas."
1 hey were induced to go there by the patriotic
desire of founding a free State; if not in sympa-
thy with the African, entertaining no disposition
to oppress and wrong him.
"To control the elections!" Yes, sir,to con-
trol the elections, not, as it is admitted the citizens
of Missouri controlled them, by armed invasion
for that special purpose, driving back from the
ballot-boxes those who did not agree with them,
but by peaceable settlement—by steadily executing
with that mighty weapon, the ballot,
"A freeman's will,
As lightning executes the will of God."
By coming up to the ballot-box like men, and if
they were fairly and constitutionally voted down
by actual settlers, submitting like good citizens,
believing in a just God, who, in his own good
time, will award victory to the right.
The gentleman was asked if it was by armed
force, or by peaceable means, that this association
; proposed to control the election in Kansas? In
i answer he said:
" i take it, that no men who would allow themselves to be
herded upon steamboats and shipped to the place of desti-
nation for a particular purpose, under the control and man-
agementof ail association of men, would have any particu-
lar desire to indulge in the exercises incident to physical
strife with deadly weapons."
Mr. Speaker, the Missourians have already
tested the mettle of those herds, if the gentleman
applies the classic term to emigrants from New
England. God grant the time may never come
when they will_ again be under the necessity, in
defense of their constitutional rights, and for
the protection of their homes, of using the rifle
against their invaders ! But if it should, they will
prove themselves worthy sons of patriot sires.
The honorable gentleman expresses his belief
that " even the preachers of the Gospel, north of
Mason and Dixon's line, have counseled the use
of deadly weapons in order to make Kansas a
; free State, saying that if ever the people are jus-
I tified in resorting to force, to the use of deadly
I weapons, to civil strife, and to the shedding of
fraternal blood, it is when it becomes necessary
. in order to prevent the introduction of slavery
into any portion of our national domain." He
should have added—by an armed mob.
The gentleman tells us what he believes. Sir,
the editors of French papers have told us that
they believe the presiding officer of the House of
Representatives of the United States is a black
man. I would inform the honorable gentleman
that there is another class of preachers at the
.North who, I know, bow so low to the "patri-
archal institution," that they are ready to send
their mothers into slavery at the bidding of the
slave power; but I challenge any member of this
House to produce proof that any clergymen at
the North evftr advocated the use of weapons for
the purjjose avowed by the gentleman from Mis-
souri. They gave their money when Lawrence
was threatened by an armed invasion, for the pro-
tection of the settlers and their families in their
yas! a laudable act, and such gifts
will be renewed if like occasions call for the con-
tribution.
the' ^lf"tIeman up?n 11118 floor> wb0 is familiar with
that Th pa?®Tr hlst0T of the times, well knows
Se t'rep ^f Jo L January and February, the people in
memhprf^ ?? knew at or about what time the election for
f t legislature of Kansas was to take place.
nff.fi™ -1? States knew more about the state of
fv.tl'L"1 „ ns?s Territory, and what were the purposes of
Governor Reeder, than did the citizens of the Territory or
of the adjoining State of Missouri.  y
If every gentleman on this floor knows this fact,
why is it that the people of the Territory were
so much in the dark ? If the people of the free
fatates knew more about these important move-
ments than the people of the Territory or the Mis-
sourians, it is no doubt in a good measure owing:
to their newspaper enterprise and general reading.
As proof of this, the gentleman remarks:
thT the lith March, 1855, the people of
the Temtory of Kansai were wholly ignorant as to the time
