THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
to-day, would have been too great to be borne
even by the stoical firmness of General Jackson
inmself. . ...
For this reason tlve necessity of some aid imra
Ongress was apparent to every man who de-
sired that the character of the Navy for efficiency
should be maintained, and that if any difficulty,
such as now seems impending over the country,
£hou)d unfortunately arise, and if we should be
involved in a contest with some foreign Power,
and the flag of our country should have to be
borne on the seas in opposition to the lion flag
of Great Britain, (as now seems to be somewhat
threatened, according to a recent communication
from the Executive,) our flag should not be dis-
graced, the -honor of? the country should not be
tarnished, and it should not be committed to inef-
ficient or incompetent hands. I say, in my esti-
mation, that that was a great public duty impera-
tively demanded of the Congress of the United
States, and for my portion of the discharge of
which 3 take pride and honor. I consider my-
self entitled to honor and credit from my con-
stituency and from the country for having voted
for that bill, and for now maintaining it.
But, Mr. President, whilst I say this, it is not
my intention to say—(iod forbid that I should
say—that if!*every instance m which this board
lias acted its action meets my approval. It has
been well said that the Secretary of the Navy
and the President of the United States them-
selves have declared that injustice in some oases
lias been done. It i<s not my intention to defend
these executive officers beyond the point to
which 1 think they ought to be defended. I
have the highest respect for the Secretary of the
Navy. I think he has made an admirable and
S efficient public officer; but I think he did make a
• mistake in recommending to the President of the
! United States to adopt, in loio< the action of this
board, i can understand perfectly well the mo-
tives that operated on his mind. T can under-
stand very well that he might well have hesitated
in striking from the list furnished to him, the
names of any officers upon the ground Unit, by
so doing, he might seem to impeach ihe motives
of the officers who constituted tiie board. Vet 1
think that he circd m not striking from the li*t
committed to his" charge by the navy board,
bucIi names as, in his opinion, required, further
investigation. 1 think he ought to have with-
held those names from the aeuon of the Presi-
dent-until his judgment coincided with that of
the navy board. To fins extent, and no Au-ther,
do 1 think the Secretary of the .Navy acted inju-
diciously. 1 am satisfied, however, that tins
error, if error indeed it were, was an error of
judgment alone, and the character of that gen-
tleman (whoso conduct in the disclxarge of the
duties of the Secretaryship of the Navy has
been the theme of admiiation by gentlemen ot'
all public il pnities) is sufficient to satisfy us,
and to sat'ofy the country, that none but the
purest motive guided him when he made the
decision which lie d-d.
1 might refer to one or two eases which have
beers suggested on tins door. My liono/able Irieni
from Virginia [Mr. AIasoy] has suej;>\sted the
\ name of an officer of the Navy whose reputation
j is coextensive v/iih the naval world—a geatle-
! man who is now receiving medals of e;old from
: foreign powers us testimonials of their a Imitation
for his scientific attainments, and the seivicc he
has rendered the commerce of Uio world. Wh v,
sir, I take the fact to be, that the members of the;
board and the Secretary of the. f\ ivy and the
President must have known that eases like his
would excite the surprise of the entire country,
una excite the sympathy of any man who* took
any pride in the lame of his country; and the very
circumstance that, notwithstanding this knowl-
edge, they did, in obedience to the behests of the
law, execute its orders, is the highest prair-e tlud
eouid be accorded to them. I refer to the fact of
Lieutenant Maury's bmng placed on the tytired
list with leave of j\>seuce pay, because it happens
that 1 have heard from sources which 1 believe
worthy of the highest credit, that Lieutenant
Maury was dropped from the list of active offi-
cers of the Navy, and placed in the honorable posi-
tion of leave of absence pay on the retired list, m
obedience to th" letter of the law, which required
the board to lepoi't what officers were capable of
performing promptly and efficiently all their duties
both ashore and afloat. I have also been informed
that Lieutenant Maury had repeatedly reported
I himself as incompetent, by reason of physical in-
1 firmity, to do duty afloat. What, then, was the
board to do? Commodore Stewart has been re-
ferred to. Now i have been informed, and I be-
lieve the fact to be, that Commodore Stewart re-
peatedly reported himself as incompetent to do
duty afloat, by reason of his advanced age.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 wish tn ask the honor-
able Senator a question for the purpose of cor-
recting what has been stated by himself. I pre-
sume the honorable Senator does not mean to
say that he has been informed by Lieutenant
Maury that he has ever reported himself as incom-
petent for duty afloat.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not say that.
Mr. SEWARD. Itis due to the Senator and to
Lieutenant Maury to say that it is an entire
misapprehension, that Lieutenant Maury ever
reported himself unfit for duty, either ashore or
afloat; and lie occupies that giound now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It would be unfortunate
if there was a-misunderstanding on this subject.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt linn for a moment?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. 1 did not interrupt the Senator
before, because [was hesitating in my recollec-
tion of a conversation with that very officer re-
cently. I do not think t recollect it inaccurately,
and my impressions are confirmatory of thoso of
the honorable Senator from New York, that he
not only had not so reported himself, but that he
had been an applicant several times for active
sea service.
Mr. SEWARD. The Senator from Virginia
is right; that is the fact.
Mr. MASON. That is my impression.
Mr. 13ENJAMIN. The statement which I
have heard I have stated. Honorable Senators
here have hoaid differentstatemenrs. The state-
ment which f have heard was, that Lieutenant
Maury did attempt to do duty afloat, and found
himself unable to do so, and was reported by the
surgeons, after an examination, unable to do that
duty. That has been communicated to me from
sources which I deem entitled to credit. Lieu-
tenant Maury having, however, himself stated to
these Senators that it is a mistake, I unhesita-
tingly withdraw the statement.
Mr. BEL.L, of Tonnewe.co. I suppose it is
true that, at the time Lieutenant Maury received
an injury bv the fracture of his leg, he was re-
ported as unfit for duty.
Mr. SEWARD. Nev^r by himself.
Mr. RELL, of Tennessee. He held himself
unfit for duty during that time, but I think that
was fourteen or fifteen y^ars since. A few years
afterwards he considered himself abundantly able
i and efficient to perfoim any duties to which he
i might be assigned afloat or ashore, and he made
I direct and earnest application to he assigned to
i xe-i service during the Mexican War, hut -was ro-
j fus"d. Ever since he recovered from the accident
j to which 1 have alluded, he has considered hnn-
I self able, and nowregarus himself able, to perioral
! efficiently any duty to which he may be assigned* _1
; by the Government. ijr i
' "Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, the expla-
■ nanons given by honorable Senators around me
i only show the fact, at .ill events, that what I
, previously* stated in relation to the action of this
I hoard, and the firmness of the executive officer
who was called upon to carry it out, and the
■ net.on of the President of the United States,
form the fullest demonstration to Congress and
the country that they were doing what they be-
Imvod lk'~> propriety of official conduct required.
•Ys regards Lieutenant Maury's case, 1, of course,
in my estimation, it is beyond the power of the
Congress of the United States to repeal the law,
so as to give any effective action to the repeal.
By this law, these lists of public officers were
formed, and their position in the public service
assigned them—a retired list with leave of absence
pay, and a retired list with fut lough pay, created
by Congress. Officers have been placed on these
lists under the authority of law, and other offi-
cers have been advanced in the service and pro-
moted in grade, to take the places of those who
have been put on these retired lists. What effect
a repeal of the law could have, passes my com-
prehension. The repeal of the law does not put
hack officers who have been retired from the
service, on the active list.
What can the Senate do ? Shall we in execu-
tive session refuse to confirm the nominations
made by the President of the United States of of-
ficers in the place of thoso who may have been
retired? We may, under those circumstances,
do injustice to the officers whom the President
proposes to advance by a grade of seniority; but
we cannot put back those who have been dropped.
We may compel the President, by our rejection
of the nominations next in grade, to send us other
nominations, but we cannot force him to send us
the nominations of the men whom ho has dropped.
If our object be to do justice to those officers who
may have been injuriously or unjustly affected
by the action of the naval board or by the Pres-
ident, I know of but one way in which that jus-
tice can be done. It can be done by the Exec-
utive upon satisfactory proof afforded to Mm
that the officer who has been placed either upon
the retired or furlough list, or who has been en-
tirely dropped from the service, has been wrong-
fully and unjustly treated; and upon the Pres-,
ident being satisfied on that point, we are in-"'
formed, and, no man can doubt, truly informed,'
by the Secretary of the Navy, the officers thus*
unjustly treated will receive signal satisfaction by 
restoration to the grade and: to the appointments ;v
of which they have wrongfully been deprived. )
The remedy 'lies in the Executive, and in the
Executive alone. We cannot undo an executed
law. I do not think that it is within the ingenu-
ity of any gentleman on this floor to devise moans
by which Congress can entirely repeal the law
which we passed at the last session, and undo
the executive action which has taken place. How
can we force the Executive to put back in the
list of the officers who comprise the active list of
the Navy any one of those whom he has thought
proper to drop from the service ? If we know of
men unjustly dropped, wo can, either as the con-
stitutional advisers of the Ex<#cutive, in secretses-
sion, take up the case of any particular officer, or
we can, in our capacity as representatives of the
sovereign States, m whose behalf we have seats
upon this floor, call upon the Executive, and
with proper pi oofs and proper recommenda-
tions engage his action m behalf of officers who
have been"unjustly treated. But congressional
legislation, in my judgment, (and I say it with
reat deference to the distinguished Senators who
have preceded me,) is inappropriate, will be inef-
fective, and, if it Has any effect at all, will do harm
I As regards Lieutenant .Vlaury
II withdraw, as 1 said just noty", everything I stated (
in rogaid to it, though what I said is based upon j
' what i d"crn to be rt liable authority. I should |
\\ not have referred to his name, 1 should not have :
referred to the name of any gentleman in ihe
service on tlm occasion, h^c;mso my object was j
j' not to defend the action of this board in detail. I
;j 1 have never examined it in detad, and J doubt !
jj very much whether 1 ever shall. I doubt very |
j; much whether it is my duty to examine it in '
' ] detad. It is a matter which has gone beyond the
jurisdiction of Congress. It is a law which has
been executed. And j repeat what was said by
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, that,
Tims much i have thought proper to say upon
the spur of the occasion. What 1 have said must
bear to Senators the appearance of very desultory
remark. I had no idea that this debate was coming
up this morning. 1 had not prepared myself for
saving a word on the subject; but I think that,
wi'th a little time and a little examination, I could
thoroughly satisfy the Senate and the country
that nothing we can do here, by way of legislative
action, is at ail a remedy for any injustice or
wrong that, may hove been commuted.
Mi. .TONES, of Tennessee. What is the ques-
tion before the Senate3
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bell, of
Tennessee.) The only question before the Sen-
ate is the reference of the memorial presented by
the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. L thought that
hail been permitted to lie on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was passed
over temporarily. This incidental debate has
been indulged by the Chair, because the Senate
seemed disposed to hear the remarks of gentle-
men, though not strictly in order
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My motive/or
