1804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
this system, tells us that he knows this to be a
good place to lay out money at, and the Senator
from Michigan knows it is a good place. We
are to appropriate public money against the esti-
mates, because two Senators say it is a proper
place. I am not willing to take the testimony of
either of them. I do not believe either is as dis-
tinguished for engineering as for some other pur-
suits. I do not think they are good engineers.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Politically?
Mr. TOOMBS. I think they will find this a
very bad political engineering speculation, if that
be the object, because there are ninety-nine men
plundered where one is benefited; ana I tell you
the ninety-nine will speak out, and they will
speak out in such a way as I trust will make
those who have been plundering them for the
benefit of the one, vacate these halls.
Mr. CLAY. I understood the Senator from
Michigan to state that this was necessary as a
harbor of refuge; and as some explanation of the
numerous harbors of refuge which are being con-
structed within such short distances on the east
side of this lake in Michigan, I understood him
to say that from the course of the winds in that
lake a vessel could not make a harbor on the west
side of the lake, but was driven south or on the
east side. I was correct in that, was 1 not? My
purpose in calling the attention of the Senator to
the fact is this: during the past week we have
passed several bills—I think half a dozen, at the
instance of the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Dodge,] for the purpose of making har-
bors of refuge oil the west side of this lake.
Kow, here comes forward the Senator from Mich-
igan, a colleague of the Senator from Wisconsin,
upon the Committee on Commerce, and tells us
positively that those liarbocggpf refuge are useless
because, he assures us, thwffrom the course of
the winds on that lake no vessel can make a har-
bor of refuge on the west side of the iake; there-
fore, according to his testimony, the bills which
have been reported and passed for harbors of
refuge upon the west side of the lake have all
been unnecessary. It has been an idle waste of
the public money, because they can be put to no
use whatever. Thus it appears that the testi-
mony of Senators on this committee is different
as to the relative merits of harbors of refuge on
the east and west side of the lake. The Senator
from Wisconsin says they are wanted on his side
for the protect ion of vessels which will otherwise
be cast away, and be liable to be lost as well as
large amounts of property; and the Senator from
Michigan has just told us, and repeated it when
I called on him, that from the course of the winds
a vessel cannot make a harbor on the west side,
and must go to the east. That is the policy for
expending the money forconstructingthisharbor,
anu another within twelve miles of it.
Mr. STUART. I should like to correct the
Senator. I do not care whether I do it now, or
when he concludes.
Mr. CLAY. I will'yield the floor.
Mr. STUART. I will do it m an instant. The
Senator, 1 imagine, would not think that the winds
always blow in one direction in any country; but
that is the basis of the argument. I said no such
thing. I know of no country where the winds
always blow m one direction. But suppose,
hypoihctically, this case, the winds always pro-
ceed from a westerly direction, and a vessel laden
with cargo from Milwaukee or Chicago, is going
along the lake. Seamen understand, if we do
not, that a storm is approaching; they are within
four miles of a harbor at Milwaukee, but there is
no harbor there. There is one over on the other
side of the lake, sixty or seventy miles off.
Therefore, the mariner must allow the storm to
come up, and take his chance of making a harbor
on the east side, according to the Senator's argu-
ment, rather than have one on the west side that
he can run into m twenty minutes, and where he
can stay until the storm is over. Then, on the
Senator's hypothesis, if I had said what he sup-
posed, (I did not say it, for I learned some time
ago that the winds do not always blow in the
snme direction in any country,) the harbors on
the west side of the iake would be as valuable as
he says the honorable chairman of our commit-
tee claims them to be, because ninety-nine hun-
dret.ths of the trade is on the west side of the
take, i here are the immense cities of our region.
There are the cities to be protected in case of
invasion by an enemy. There is where you
would want your fleet. No man can understand
the geography and business of that country with-
out seeing that these harbors are indispensably
necessary; and because I state the reasons why
they are necessary, and all necessary, they are
not subject to any such criticism as my honor-
able friend from Alabama supposes.
Mr. PEARCE. I wish to ask the Senator
from Michigan whether I am mistaken? Now,
I find on the Calendar the bill (S. No. 40) making
appropriations for the construction of a harbor
at the mouth of Black lake, in the State of Mich-
igan. That, I understand, to be the Black river
of which I spoke a short time ago. Then I find
a bill (S. No. 38) which was laid on the table the
other day, making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of South Black
river, in the State of Michigan. That I suppose
to be the Black river to which the Senator re-
ferred.
Mr. STUART. No, sir. If the Senator will
look at the map he will find that is a stream a
little way north of St. Joseph's, and distant from
Black lake, as it is called, or North Black river—
I cannot speak precisely of the distance, but it
must be thirty or forty miles.
Mr. PEARCE. I find on the map Black River
lake marked as lying between Muskegon and
Grand river.
Mr. STUART. That is another stream.
Mr. PEARCE. And then southward is the
Black river, or lake, which seems to be meant by
the bill S. No. 40; and I find a Black river m the
southern part of the same county, which I sup-
pose to be the South river covered by the bill S.
No. 38.
Mr. STUART. It is not the same. There is
no appropriation for that stream.
Mr. RE1D. Mr. President, are there any
estimates or reports on which this bill is founded?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair is not able to answer the Senator that
question.
Mi. REID. I hope that if there are any esti-
mates, they will be read.
Mr. STUART. They are here.
Mr. CASS. I hold in my hand the estimates
from the board of engineers, sent here by the
War Department.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, if I were a
friend to the system that is now under consider-
ation, of internal improvement for the regulation
of commerce, I would take a different course, it
seems to me, from that which gentlemen are pur-
suing. They are requiring us to vote without
intelligence, except that which they themselves
give us. For my own part, if the money was to
be expended under intelligent engineers, subject
to the direction of the Secretary of War, 1 would
much prefer to appropriate §500,000 in gross for
the improvement of Lake Michigan, rather than
to vote for appropriations to these individual har-
bors of refuge, or harbors of commcrce.
Mr. STUART. I proposed that very plan two
years ago, but the Senate voted me down, and I
think my honorable friend from South Carolina
was among the number who voted against me.
Mr. BUTLER. I opposed the whole; but you
have the power to do as you please, and I say
now, you are taking the worst plan, it seems to
me, to commend this system to the justice of the
country; that is, to vote without intelligence, and
to give to everybody that asks; for that is the
amount of it. I believe that nobody who asks
has been refused, and those who oppose the sys-
tem are to receive the reproach of voting against
it because they do not take by adoption what
other people say upon the subject. I do not know
how long this system can continue, but I must
enter my protest against it.
After what was said the other day in regard to
Mr. Calhoun's Memphis report, I went to my
lodgings and read it. I do not intend to take up
time now by quoting his arguments; but I say, if
there is any one view which could be taken on
this subject, that would rebuke this narrow, local,
unintelligent made of distributing the public money
forthe regulation of commerce, itis that presented
in Mr. Calhoun's Memphis report. I have never
seen anything so much opposed to mere con-
tracted, local expenditures of money for the regu-
lation of commerce, as that report. He enumer-
ates the number of States on the Mississippi river
and tributaries—Louisiana, Mississippi,Tennes-
see, Kentucky, Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, Mis-
souri, Arkansas, Indiana, and Ohio. Mr. Cal-
houn enumerates them, and looks to them as so
many States interested m that commerce. He
was prompted to look at it only in view of the
general interests of the Confederacy, and he said
that a commerce having such vast interests aa
this ought to be under the jurisdiction of the
Federal Government, and not under local juris-
diction; but in regard to streams within one State,
or two States, Mr. Calhoun said they are not of
importance enough, within the meaning of the
Constitution, to appropriate money to their im-
provement for the regulation of commerce as
between the States, or commerce with foreign na-
tions. I say, then, that Mr. Calhoun's shade
would rebuke those who are quoting him as au-
thority for these local expenditures.
Here, within a distance of thirty-three miles.,
three harbors are proposed; and we are told that
they are harbors of refuge. I know that my op-
position will be fruitless. I shall simply give my
vote; but if I were to ask the Senator from Mich-
igan, with his usual intelligence, to give me the
depth of water, the amount of money necessary
to complete these improvements, and the amount
of trade at these places, perhaps he would bs
able to do it, and so might the five gentlemen
associated with him on the Committee of Com-
merce. Probably all the rest of the Senate know
nothing about it. Are fifty-five Senators required
to vote on the representation of five or six, when
perhaps their intelligence would not be such as
would regulate my mind, as a statesman, in ap-
propriating money for the regulation of com-
merce? But here we are absolutely placed under
the ban of local proscription, because local pro-
scription is strong enough, by combination, to
control these appropriations.
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Alabama
asked for the estimates made for this work—the
harbor at Black lake, in Michigan—by the officers
of the Government. We have been referred by
the Senator from Michigan to the estimate made
by the same United States agent to whom I be-
fore alluded, J. It. Bowes, in the same year,
1849, reported to Congress in 1850, from which
it appears that there was at that time made, by
this agent, a batch of surveys and estimates.
He estimated for this work $105,225. We are
told, in 1853, by the chief of engineers, that the
report of Mr. Bowes is dated the 24th of October,
1849, that it was approved by the board of en-
gineers on the 9th of May, 1853, and was adopt-
ed by the bureau.
Then there are estimates showing that, in the
best judgment of this Mr. Bowes, confirmed by
the board of engineers and the bureau of topog-
raphy, this harbor would cost {#105,225. Now,
when I examine the bill, I find that it is, mutatis
mutandis, changing the names, a copy of the bill
which we have just passed. It appropriates
$50,000 to make a harbor at this point, and in-
structs the Secretary of War to contract for such a
harbor as he may plan for the §50,000, and to have
it completed for that sum. It stands precisely as
the bill which has just been passed, and it is the
second instance in which the Committee on Com-
merce, who report these bills, have repudiated
the officers of the Government; have repudiated
the skill provided by law for the very purpose of
informing Congress on this subject; have aban-
doned their larger estimate of §105,000, without
a reason assigned; and have proposed not to build
a harbor—because that depends on whether it is
practicable or not—but to expend $50,1)00 at this
point in Michigan to carry out such a plan as the
Secretary is ordered to devise, without any in-
formation in the world given to me, or to any
body in my hearing, whether we shall receive one
penny's value from theexpenditure of the §50,000.
This is the mode of carrying on these improve-
ments of rivers and lakes, which we are told are
substituted for the general bill vetoed at the last
Congress, and which, I presume, is to be con-
sidered as sanctioned by that same second reso-
lution of the Cincinnati Convention to which I
have before alluded, which declares that Congress
has no power to commence and carry on a general
system of internal improvements. To improve
the mouth of Grand river is no general system of
internal improvements; to improve Black river is
no general system of internal improvements; but
