930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
has well suggested, it is the fault of the Govern-
ment that the applicant does not receive his war-
-rant when he establishes his case. That the Gov-
ernment should take advantage of its own wrong
is in violation of every rule of law known to the
country. I attach no blame to the officers for
not issuing the warrants at once, for we have
enlarged their duties so much that it is utterly
impossible for them to keep pace with the appli-
cations. I say I attach no blame to them; but,
that the Government should take advantage of its
own wrong, by depriving men of rights to which
they would be entitled but for the delay of the
Government, seems to me to be wrong. I think
the amendment of the Senator from Maine should
be adopted if any alteration is to be made in the
law.
Mr. PUGH. My friend from_Mississippi has
afforded the strongest argument' which can be
suggested in favor of the view taken by the com-
mittee. The remarks which he has made in re-
lation to the action of the House of Represent-
atives refer to the act of 1847, which was passed
during the war with Mexico, and which was, as
I stated but half an hour ago, an act to induce
men to enlist into the service; for it only applied
to non-commissioned officers and privates who
should enlist during the war with Mexico. It
■was held out to them as a bounty to enlist. That,
however, was an occasional statute; it is not the
present law. The present law is to compensate
men for services long since past—twenty or
thirty years ago. The act of 1855 does pro-
ceed on the idea of a bounty conferred by Con-
gress. It may be that seven dollars was not a
sufficient compensation. Perhaps I could speak
on this subject as feelingly as my friend from
Mississippi. 1 do not suppose that the pay of
the officers and soldiers during the Mexican war
was sufficient. I know that it was not. I know
that in many instances—and in my own case—it
did not pay the actual expenses; but we agreed
to take it as it was. We knew what it was before
we agreed to receive it.
But, sir, the bounty land law of 1855 proceeds
on the idea of a personal benefit to the party who
rendered the service. He is the object of con-
gressional beneficence. It is not the remote heir;
it is not the collateral heir of the soldier, or of
his widow; it is not the grown children of the
soldier; it is the man who rendered the service;
or, if he be dead, the widow who was dependent
on him, and whoso means of subsistence were
taken away, or impaired by the disability con-
ferred on the soldier during his military life—the
injury to his constitution and the wasting of his
health; or, to the soldier's helpless Children, and
to prevent the widow and children from becoming
a charge on the township, or precinct, or parish,
in which they might live. Congress never dreamed
_ of such a proposition as giving the land to persons
' who might be related collaterally to the soldier.
It was a benefit to the individual. The specific
objects of the bounty are named in the law. They
are, the soldier who rendered the service, or, in
case of his death, the widow, or, if there be no
widow, the minor children—such as were minors
at the date of the passage of the act.
Now, I desire to know what claim on us has
a grown man, twenty-one years of age, in good
health, sound physically in mind and in limb, to
one hundred and sixty acres of land, merely be-
cause his father fought in the Revolution or in
any other war? He has none. He has done
nothing special; he has rendered no service that
■we ought to compensate. It was his father whom
we intended to endow, or in case of the death of
the father, the dependent widow or helpless
children.
Why, sir, this is even worse than the amend-
ment which we have just rejected. It approxi-
mates to the proposition of the Senator from
New Hampshire, to givo everybody one hun-
dred and sixty acres. I trust the Senate will
adhere to the only ground on which a bounty
land bill can be vindicated—the fact that you
have in your eye the individual who rendered the
service; and while he lives, if he does live, you
will give him the benefit; but if he has gone, you
will give it to his widow or minor children. It may
be that there are cases where the soldier has de-
Farted this life while his application was pending,
f I could bring back the soldier to life, and give
him any benefit, I would do it with great pleas-
ure ; but I really do not see why any benefit which
we might have conferred on him-should inure to
second cousins and heirs-at-law related to him by
remote, collateral degrees.
Mr. ADAMS. I think my friend from Ohio
misapprehends the question. I understand the
amendment differently from him, and myremarks
were founded on my understanding of it. It pro-
ceeds, according to my impression, on the as-
sumption that, when the application is made in
conformity with the requirements of the law, the
applicant is from that moment entitled to his one
hundred and sixty acres of land. If he receives
it, and dies the next hour, under the existing
law the warrant goes to the heirs. All that this
amendment provides is that, if lie dies after the
application is made, and after it is acknowledged
that he is entitled, but before he receives the
warrant, it shall be considered as having been
issued, and shall therefore inure to his heirs.
Mr. PUGH. But he is notin existence to re-
ceive it.
Mr. STUART. I do not desire to be tedious
on this subject; but I wish to state the difference
in my judgment, between the law as it stands and
what it will be if this amendment be adopted. The
whole subject was fully discussed when the ori-
ginal law was passed, and it was decided to ex-
clude the adult children of the soldier, and his
collateral relatives. TheSenate determined, on a
solemn vote after a full discussion, that heirs who
were not minors, and all collateral relatives, should
be excluded from the provisions of the law. This
amendment proposes to include them. It pro-
poses to give the land, when a man dies, to his
relatives—to give it to anybody whom the law of
the State calls his heir. Where a man files an
application and dies, his lieirs—those whom the
laws of the State where he lives define to be his
heirs—are, under this amendment, to receive a
benefit which the original act of Congress never
intended to confer upon (hem. In other words,
it makes a land warrant not yet located, not yet
reaching the hands of the individual who applied
for it, real estate, in the same manner as if he had
received and located it.
Let me take a case, and see how the amend-
ment will work. Suppose the land warrant is
received by the applicant and not located, and he
dies. His heirs who are adults, or his collateral
relatives, cannot locate it under the amendment,
because it has no assignment on it, and because
the law declares that it snail not go to onybody
but his widow or minor children; but if it has
not been received by him, tins amendment at-
taches to it, and it can be thus used. The Senate
will see on examiuing this amendment that it over-
turns entirely the object of the original act, which
was to confer a bounty, to give some lands to the
soldier himself, or, in case of his death, to his
widow, and in case of her death, to his minor
child or children, whom the law presumed could
not help themselves, as a consideration for his
personal services. This amendment opens the
door still wider, and, in case a man dies, sends the
warrant to his collateral relatives to any extent
j provided for by the laws of the particular State
in which he may reside.
The Committee oti Public Lands rejected this
proposition as a total overthrow of what the Sen-
ate itself decided last year after full discussion.
This has no application to the case alluded to by
the Senator from Mississippi, occuiring during
the Mexican war. This only applies where the
bounty land is received under this act. In the
Mexican war you wil lhardly find a case where
the children are not minors.
Mr. ADAMS. If the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him for a moment, I will state that I
only referred to a portion of the report of the
committee, which asserted, asl understood, that
bounty lands had been conferred as a gift, a
giatuity, and not as a consideration for services
rendered. I stated as proof of this that the sol-
dier received full consideration before. I gave
my personal knowledge of an understanding in
the House of Representatives during the Mexi-
can war, that bounty lands were to be given in
addition to the regular pay, for services, as com-
pensation.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is historically
right as to that point; but yet it is true, as the
Commissioner of Pensions states, that this is a
mere gratuity. All the lands granted to soldiers
before the passage of the bounty land act of 1847,
were granted as part of the contract for service.
The soldier received so much moneyand so much
land as pay for his services. It was called a
bounty in name, but in fact it was the contract
price of service. This, however, is a naked gift,
and it presents a question which 1 confess never
met the approval of my judgment—that if I owed
a man $100, and had paid him, that constituted a
good ground for giving him $100 more; but no
ground for my giving $100 to a man to whom I
never did owe anything. It is said that it is not
bounty, because you did once owe the man for
services, and you paid him all that you agreed;
but that if you give land to a man to whom you
never did owe anything, it is bounty. I confess
that I never could distinguish between the two
cases; but I do not desire to discuss that question
now.
The action of the committee on this point
was in pursuance of the principle of the law of
the last year. The law determined that none
but the soldier who rendered the service, or, in
case of his death, his widow or minor children,
should have the benefit of the act. Now, if a
man has made an application for a warrant, and
dies before he receives the warrant, leaving a
widow, she is entitled to the benefit; and if the
widow dies, and minor children are living, they
receive the benefit. The effect of this amendment
in the case of the death of the soldier, is to give
the land to persons who were expressly excluded
by the Senate before—children not minors-, and
collateral relatives, who have no claim on this
Government. It may even go to cousins, who
have no sort of claim under the law at all.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I have taken
no part in this discussion; but I can distinguish
very readily between the case put by the honor-
able Senator from Michigan of representative
claimants, and the person who himself claims,
and was really entitled to the land. Let me put
a case by way of illustration; and questions like
this arc better illustrated by individual cases. I
understand that by the act of 1855 the widows
and minor children of the heroes of King's Mount-
ain have been allowed, by the courtesies of legis-
lation, to come in and claim, at least, some of the
honorary tributes, and to receive the bounties of
this Government. I know one or two of the
widows of those revolutionary soldiers. Suppose
one of those widows should file her application
now—an old woman illustrious by her revolu-
tionary associations—and she should die on the
day after she made her application for a bounty
land warrant. She would be entitled to it if she
lived long enough to receive it; but after it was
established beyond all question, that she had a
good title to it—the highest of all titles—her son
or daughter is to be proscribed because she was old,
and died before the issuing of the warrant to her.
That is a very different tiling from the plain
proposition which the Senator from Michigan
seems to suppose he has put. It is not all the same
proposition. If it were proposed to limit the claim
to the widows and minor children of those who
were dead, I could understand that to be a very
good limitation; but when you undertake to de-
prive one who claims, not representatively, but
m proper person, as the very person contemplated
by the law, the very soldier in view, it is wrong.
Suppose that Shelby, himself, and others who
fought the battle of King's Mountain with him,
were living. Suppose he should make his appli-
cation for a warrant, and should die in two
months or six months afterwards, before it had
been issued—the issue having been postponed
by the delay of the Government itself, should
not his sons have the benefit? That is said to be
a plain case, because the Senate have so voted. I
beg leave to say to the Senator from Michigan,
that the Senate has voted on no such proposition.
Heretofore it lias been the invariable usage, so
far as regards revolutionary claimants, whenever
they have made their application and died pend-
ing it, and before it was granted, those who came
in representatively did claim it.
Mr. PUGH. The practice of the office is the
other way.
Mr. ADAMS. Not the practice of Congress.
Mr. BUTLER. I think the practice of Con-
gress has been as I have stated.
Mr. HAMLIN. We grant it, when the par-
ties come here under such circumstances.
