1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
Mr. BUTLER. Invariably, I think. If a rev-
olutionary officor were to die pending his applica-
tion, do 1 understand my friend from Ohiotosay
that his wife c.ouid not claim it after his death ?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; she can.
Mr. BUTLER. That is what I say; she can
claim it at the office. I am, however, only using
that as an illustration to show that a represent-
ative claimant is very different from a claimant in
proper person.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the amend-
ment which I have proposed is simply to give a
construction to the existing law. It carries out
what I think the law of 1855 means. If the con-
struction of the Commissioner of Pensions, which
is sustained by the committee, be correct, I hum-
bly suggest that the law itself should have car-
ried on its face this language: " That every per-
son who was engaged in the service fourteen
days, or who was actually engaged in battle, shall
be entitled to one hundred and sixty acres of
land, provided he live until the Government see
fit to issue the warrant." If that be the fair con-
struction of the law, this language should have
been embraced in if; yet the construction which
the Commissioner has given, and which the com-
mittee attempt to sustain, is precisely that.
Now, sir, what was the law ? It provided that
if any man had served fourteen days he should
be entitled to one hundred and sixty acres of
land; and if the person serving were dead, his
widow, if he had one, should be entitled to one
hundred and sixty acres, or if the widow were
dead and there were minor children surviving,
they should be entitled to receive the land. There
the act stops. What construction should have
been placed on that provision? The persons (
designated in that act were the persons who were j
bylaw entitled to apply for the land; and whether j
it were the party surviving, or the widow, or the |
minor children, when that application was fairly j
made, it was a vested right. That is the con-
struction which I seek to give to the law, because
I believe it to be the just and proper construction.
When the Senator from Michigan alludes to the
fact that an attempt was made in the other branch
of Congress to include other classes than those
named in the law, he must remember that it must
have been intended that they should be included
for the purpose which I name and none other, to
wit: that they should have been the original
parties to make the application. If they had
included others,all those who by law were author-
ized to make the application were the parties
entitled to the land; and when the application
was made the right vested in the party named in
the statute entitled to make the claim.
Mr. FOOT. With the consent of the Senator
from Maine, I desire to propound a question to
him rather of a legal character on the construc-
tion of the law. I understand him to say, that
he would so interpret the act as to regard the ap-
plication for a certificate of bounty land as giving
the party a vested right. When the application
is made, of course it is subject to examination. The
question of right or title to a certificate under the
act depends on the character of the testimony.
What becomes of that vested right if, upon con-
sideration of the testimony, an adverse decision is
made ?
Mr. HAMLIN. I mean, of course, that it is
subject to that law which prescribes the kind of
evidence which the party shall furnish to entitle
him to the warrant. I mean, in other words, that
if he has made his application and has furnished
evidence to prove that he was entitled to the war-
rant, every act of the Government subsequent to
the application should refer to and apply to the
day when the application was so made. It should
be decided precisely as if the applicant were living
during the whole period.
Applications are made without number. Some
of them have remained for more than ayear with-
out decision, and we may safely suppose that
some will remain for years without a decision;
and this is attributable to no fault on the part of
the applicant. If the construction which has
been given by the Commissioner be the true one,
I insist in good faith and common honesty you
should incorporate in your law the provision
which I have stated, that the applicant shall be
entitled to bounty-land—not for the service—not
because he may have been engaged in battle, but
bccause the Government chooses to issue the
warrant before he dies. If the construction which
has been given be correct, that provision ought to
be in the law; but it is not there.
There are many applicants under this law who
are the widows of revolutionary soldiers. My
attention was called to this construction from two
cases which arose, where the widows of revolu-
tionary soldiers had made application for bounty
land. It is true that the law gave no authority
or right to part with the interest of the parties
before the warrant issued. It is, however, within
my personal knowledge, that in one of two cases
to which I have referred, the supposed right was
assigned by a revolutionary widow to buyastone
to mark the spot where her remains now repose.
I may be told that there was no authority to make
the transfer before the issue of the warrant. Grant
it; in legal technical terms there might have been
no authority; but when these ladies had made
their application according to the law, they had
reason to presume that their rights were not to
depend on the neglect or the delay of the Gov-
ernment. There is no better principle known to
our law than that a party shall not take advantage
of his own wrong. What is this but the Gov-
ernment denying the applicants in these cases
that to which they are entitled, and taking advant-
age of its own wrong, its own neglect, its own
delay?
Mr. PUGH. I am sorry to trouble the Senate
again, but I think the Senator from Maine has
at last told us exactly where this rests. I knew
it would be an assignee in some shape or form
who would finally appear before the Senate; and
that is the question which the Senate must look
to in all these amendments. Are you legislating
for the assignee or for the soldier? The Senator
may appeal to our sympathies with the individ-
ual case of some poor widow who may have
alienated her inchoate right, (although no title
passed in point of law,) and who was compelled
to alienate it for a particular purpose. I never
knew a bad proposition made which was not
covered by some plausible pretense like this.
Let us see where this amendment will land us.
I do not advert simply to what has passed; I do
not advert to the fact, that on the opposite con-
struction the Pension Office has already issued
warrants to widows and to minor children, who
have located them; and that you wiU be forced,
if this amendment be adopted, to issue duplicates
to other persons. Thousands and tens of thou-
sands of acres of land will be given under this
amendment where lands have been already taken
up on a different construction. The Commis-
sioner of Pensions has assured me that the con-
sequences of the pestilence at Norfolk last sum-
mer had forced him to decide the question m
many cases, and that he granted innumerable
land warrants upon the opposite construction.
The parties have either located them or sold
them, and you cannot get them back again.
The amendment provides that, where the soldier
in his lifetime has made an application, and he
dies before the issuing of the land warrant, his
heir-at-law shall perfect the application. Sup-
pose the heir-at-law perfects it and gets the war-
rant, what is the condition of the widow ? She
is cut out. Suppose the soldier had no children;
his remote collateral kindred have excluded the
very party whom you named in your law as the
special object of bounty—the widow.
Let us take another case. A soldier has died,
leaving a widow and minor children; the widow
makes her application, she dies before the issu-
ing of the warrant. The minor children of the
soldier maynot have been her children; they may
be the children of the soldier by a former mar-
riage; but the heirs-at-law of the widow, her
collateral kindred, notof the blood of the soldier,
cut out his own minor heirs. Is that what Con-
gress designed? Did we ever intend to give
bounty land to collateral kindred, to executors,
to administrators, to be administered as assets
in the probate courts ? No, sir. It is not a con-
struction of the existing law; it is a new prop-
osition to increase this already overburdened
statute.
My friend from South Carolina has put a case,
and 1 will take his case. He says there are widows
of those who served at the battle of King's Mount-
ain, who made their application and died before
the issuing of the warrant; and he thinks it is
very hard that it should be given to their heirs.
I think so, too, if the widow could get the benefit
of it; but when she is dead she cannot get it; she
has passed beyond your jurisdiction. If you pro-
posed to devote the proceeds of the warrant to
erecting a monument to her memory, there would
be something in it; but you are really giving it
to executorsand administrators, to make itassets
for the payment of debts, for creditors, for as-
signees, for speculators. That is what it comes
to.
The object of Congress, as stated by the Com-
missioner of Pensions, and as stated by the com-
mittee, and the manifest legal construction of the
statute on its own face, is plain. If it were ma-
terial, I could debate the question with the Sena-
tor from Maine, but itis not material, as he offers
a new proposition; but the manifest legal con-
struction of the statute is that Congress h'as noth-
ing to do with heirs, exccutors, or administrators;
that, like a testator, expressing in his will and
tcs tamen t the d isposition of his property, Congress
has named certain specific objects of bounty, and
named them in this order: The soldier, if living;
or, if not living, his widow; or, if the widow be
not living, those who are minor children at the
date of the act. That is all it intended to do.
Mr. BUTLER. If my friend will allow me,
I will put one proposition, and see how he will
treat it. I wish to know whether these land war-
rants are to be regarded as evidence of title, so as
to be considered real estate; I understand that at
the Department they are so considered. Now,
suppose a land warrant reaches the grantee—the
soldier—on the very day of his death, and he
dies, who would take the benefit of the land war-
rant the next day ? His heirs ?
Mr. PUGH. That we cannot help. As my
friend from Michigan remarked, there is no prop-
osition in regard to which you must not set
your boundary. If the object of your bounty is
living, he gets it. He may die the next moment;
but your power is spent; you have done all that
you could do. That is not this question. This
question is whether the executor or administra-
tor of the soldier, administering his estate for the
benefit of creditors, shall shut out the widow; or
whether the executor or administrator of the
widow, or the township trustees, or the overseers
of the poor of some township who may have set
up a claim against the poor widow for maintain-
ing her, shall shut out the minor children ?
Mr. HAMLIN". Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. HAMLIN. I merely wish to remark to
the Senator that if he will read the amendment he
will see that it only makes provision to meet the
case in which no widow or minor child or chil-
dren are left.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator stated that his
proposition was the one submitted to the com-
mittee, and I know that was as I have stated it.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; I said the proposi-
tion was substantially the same which I submitted
to the committee.
Mr. PUGH. Yery well; I will take the case
which the Senator puts, in which there are no
widow and no minor children surviving, and "I
will ask what claim to the bounty of Congress
has the executor, or administrator, or assignee
of the widow, or the trustees of the township, or
the overseers of the poor, who may set up some
claim against her estate after she is dead and
gone ? Why, sir, I should much rather, to-day,
ten times over, vote for a bill to give one hundred
and sixty acres of land to every son, or every
grandson of a man who fought in the revolu-
tionary war, than vote for that proposition. It
would be far less objectionable; and yet Congress
is called on to do it,
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire now to ask
the Senate to do me the favor to lay this bill aside,
to enable mc to submit some remarks in answer
to those delivered by my colleague, [Mr. Har-
lan,] on the Kansas question a few days since.
It is evident that this bill will not be disposed of
this afternoon.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope it will be.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I have no expectation
that it will be, and I am desirous to make some
remarks to-day.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust that the proposition
of the Senator from Iowa will prevail. I have
another important amendment to offer to this bill,
