mm.-
THE CONG&ESSIONAL GJLCX&EL
nm
4
asking the question "was to ascertain whether it
would be in order for me now to call up a reso-
lution which I had the honor to submit to the.
Senate at an- early day of the session. You- will
- remember, Mr. President, that 1 offered a resolu-
tion. calling upon the Secretary of the Navy to
: furnish the Senate with the proceedings of the
f naval aboard, with their report, and all papers con-
nected therewith. In accordance with the sug-
gestion, of the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Brodhead,] and of my colleague—now occupy-
ing the chair—I agreed that that resolution might
he on the table: first, on the ground that the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs [Mr.
Mallory] was not then present; and second,
because the report of the Secretary of the Navy
had not been received. Yielding to these sag*
gestions, J allowed the resolution to he on the
table, where it has slept until the present time.
With all due deference to the opinion of gen-
tlemen who have pieceded me in this debate, I
think that the first, step we ought to take in this
matter is to pass the resolution which I have sub-
mitted. It seems'to me we are now acting upon
this question very much in the dark, and" I fear
that we are ourselves falling into the very error
which we are disposed to condemn in the naval
board. Censures have been cast upon the action
of that board. The chief objection I have to its
action is, that we know nothing about the motives
or reasons that prompted the board in their action.
The resolution which I offered was calculated and
intended to elicit that information, which would
enable the Senate to form a correct judgment
upon the subject-matter.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow his resolution to be read for information?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Certainly.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Resolved, That the Secietury of the Navy be directed to
furnish the Senate with u copy of t!.e ptoetviLw'.-i uf tliu
bonid of navy otTieei.s, appended under the act ofVonstr-^
passed on the SStli day of l-YIuiiaiy, li-ao, entitled "An
;> aet to {Homote the efficiency of ihe Navy," eniliisiciii^ueh
1 chaigeb as have boon pro'.ened again t the wvwiil officers
of the Navy wiio have been dismissed tiom the public ser-
' vice or, placed on the reserved hat.
Mr. HALE. At the suggestion of the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee, who has yielded
me the floor for the purpose, I wish to move that
the memorial which I presented lie on the table
for the present. I shall make that motion before
I sit down, for the reason that, at the suggestion
of several gentlemen, I find that it is desirable to
have some consultation as to what disposition
shall be ultimately made of it; but before I make
that motion, I wish to answer a single suggestion
of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Eexjamix.]
That Senator thinks L labor under a great mis-
take, which, he says, lay at the basis of my re-
marks, in supposing that naval officers had a
vested right in their commissions. Now, sir,
my views of that subject are these: I think they
have a right to possess and enjoy, under their
commissions, everything which they had by law
when their commissions were given to them.
Their commissions were given to them, subject to
be removed by the President of the United States
or the finding of a court-martial. I think those
were the only two cases of removal provided for.
Beyond the finding of a court-martial, or the
mere arbitrary exercise of the President's power,
I contend that an officer of the Navy had exactly
as vested a right in his commission as any gen-
tleman on this floor has to the term for which he
is elected, or which the Judges of the Supreme
Court have for the terms for which they are
appointed; and that you cannot legislate them
out of office. You may pass an act disbanding
the Navy; you may pass an act repealing the act
establishing the Supreme Court of the United
States: but you cannot establish a tribunal which (
shall try the Judges for acts that have long since
been done, and make a rule of evidence applying '
to them which did not apply when the acts were
done, because it would be an ex post facto law.
If you cannot serve the Judges of the Supreme
Court so, you cannot serve officers of the Navy
so.
This is not a case of removal by the President
of the United States. The President never had,
until tins act was passed, the power of putting a
man on the retired list; and for ton years he did
not possess even the right of putting naval officers
on furlough pay. My objection is, not that these
gentlemen had vested rights, but that their rights,
such as they were, have been taken from them
by a new tribunal, which creates new offenses and
establishes new rules of evidence. They had a
vested right in their reputation; they had a vested
right in everything which they had secured by a
life of honorable service; they had a vested right
in the esteem of all goodmen; they had a vested
right in the consequences which follow an hon-
'oiable and arduous devotion to their profession;
and'no power,, short of a tyrannical one, would
divest them of it except by the operation of the
laws of the land; and that phrase means laws
which operate prospectively, and not retrospect-
ively. This is what I meant. T never supposed—
I am not such an " old fogy" as that—that these
gentlemen had a vested right in their offices in the
sense in which the Senator understood me; but
they had some rights. M y complaint of this lav/
is, that it treats them as if they had no rights at
all.
A word now to the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Brodhead.] I never impeached the motives
of this board; I only stated facts. I say the law
would not permit such men to sit in civil cases.
1 believe there is as much human nature in a naval
officer as in anybody else. The law will not per-
mit a judge or juryman to sit in a case in which
he is interested. If an action at law had been
brought against Mr. Stevens to recover posses-
sion of the house in which he lived, no juryman
could have sat upon that tribunal to find a ver-
dict that it was not his house, when the result of
that verdict would be to give the house to the
juryman. The world would have cried out
against such a transaction. I say, then, that no
tribunal has a right to sit and try him on an issue
to take that from him which is worth infinitely 1
more to him than his house—his reputation, Ins i
honorable fame, and his well-earned and merito- j
nous position—when the members of that t$- !
bunal arc interested in displacing him, any mure j
than jurymen have aright to sit on an issue to
find that the house he lived in was not his, if the
house was to go to the jurymen if the holder was
ousted. I now make the motion that the memo-
rial lie on the table.
^Mr. MALLORY. J ask the Senator from New
Hampshire to withdraw his motion.
Mr. JOjNES, of Tennessq#. Am I notentitled
to the floor? 1 yielded to the Senator from iVew
Hampshire.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from New Hampshire moved that the memorial
be laid oil the table. That motion is not debata-
ble, but the Senator from Florida has asked him
to withdraw it.
Mr. MALlORY. I trust the Senator from
New Hampshire will withdraw the motion, m
order to enable me to make a few remarks in
reply to what he said.
Mr. HALE. 1 would do so with all my heart, \
but I am bound to the (Senator fiom Tennessee,
who gave me the floor to make the motion.
Mr. .10.\of T ennt'ssee. The purpose of
the Semtor from Florida will be subserved pres-
ently, if he will wait until my resolution shall
tome up for action.
Mr. MALLORY. Verv well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, that the memorial which he has presented
he on the table.
The motion was agreed lo.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
Senate then proceeded to the consideration of the
resolution submitted by him on the 10th of De-
cember last, calling for a copyof the proceedings
of the naval board, and of any charges hied
against the officers retired or dismissed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You will remem-
ber very wdl, Mr. President, the circumstances
under which this resolution was oifered, and the
motives and reasons which influenced me in per-
mitting it to li.j on the table for so long a period
of time. As those reasons no longer exist, I
have asked fhe Senate to take it up at flu* present
time. It occurs to my mind that we have com-
menced at the wrong end, if we intend or expect
to attain results that will be acceptable to our-
selves and to the country. The question of the
repeal of the law of the last session is not, as I
understand, before the Senate, nor is it likely to
be before us at an early day. The Senator from
Louisiana [Mir. Benjamin*] seems: to assume ihaC
we have no power to repeal the law; or that if we
attempt to repeal it, the effect of that repeal would
be wholly-insufficient to reach and' remedy the
evil ofwhich we complain.
Sir, 1 voted for the law, and I am always ready
to take my share of any* responsibility which
properly attaches to any act of my life. I voted
for it after consultation with the Senator from
Florida, [Mr. Mallory,] who is now at the bead
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, with the full
conviction and with the confident hope and ex-
pectation thatitwouldsubserve the great purposes,
for which it was intended by that Senator, who
is the author of it. But I never supposed for a.
single moment that the result of that law were,
to be what we now find them to be. If I could
have imagined that the law could have been tor-
tured and perverted to purposes so unholy, so
wicked, so foreign from the spirit and the genius:
of our institutions, I would have suffered my
right arm to be taken from my body sooner than
give my support to it. In my judgment the law
was a good one, but I believe there has been an
improper execution of it. 1 believe the law has
been perverted from its true purposes, has been
misconstrued, and has been made to accom-
plish ends never contemplated by its framers, or
by any spirit of equity or justice known to our
country. "Without pretending to have the legal
acumen of other gentlemen, I challenge any one
on this floor to show me power, under the law,
to go back behind the records of the country,
and condemn American citizens without being /
heard, for olfcnscs committed years before, ana
of which they had in some cases been acquitted
by cotma-martial ? Yet such charges, it is said,
were brought up against naval officers by this
board, and they were tried, condemned, and exe-
cuted without a hearing. That was not the in-
tention of the law, and, according to my reading
of it, was not in accordance with its letter or its
spirit.
Again, sir, where do you find, in that law,
the power to try a man for moral offenses, if you
please to call them so? The law said the board
should examine cautiously and closely, and
should determine the capacity of the officers of
the Navy for the performance of their duties
ashore and alloat. Certainly those terms applied
to the physical and intellectual capacity of a
man. Sir, was it your intention, when you sup-
ported that law, to supersede the guarantees
which existing laws threw around officers of the
Navy, to deprive them of that piotection which
was afforded them by the existing institution of
courts-martini, ttnd to take from them" all their
rights on mere rumor? Did you suppose a man
would be tried without his having an opportu-
nity of confronting the witnesses against him,
and that he would be condemned and executed
as a criminal without a hearing? That, in my
judgment, was not the law.
Bat, sn, I did not rise to address the Senate as
to the proper construction of the law. f rose to
say a few words upon the question properly pre-
sented by the resolution under consideration. I
deem it respectful to the head of the Department
of the Navy, I deem it respectful to the President
of the United States, I deem it respectful to the
naval board, to call for the testimony upon which
they have acted. Surely we cannot suppose that
they acted without testimony, if they did, they
are " doubly damned." If they acted upon tes-
timony, where is it? Have w"c not light to
know what the testimony is? The Senator from
Louisiana soys that we are pari taps criniinis m
this transaction, mid that, if there is anything
wrong, we, the Congress of the United States,
nro responsible. For myself, I utterly repudiate
the idea that I am responsible for any portion of
this wrong. 1 deny that any portion of the injus-
tice that has been done to honorable men attaches
in any dcrnje whatever to myself. If other gen-
j tl.in.n choose to appropiiate it to themselves, it
! is a matter of taste about which 1 have no right
; to complain. I hold that the responsibility rests
I upon the President, upon the Secretary of the
| Navy, and upon the board. I, for one, shall
! hold them to that responsibility. If the law was
defective, as probably it may have been, let us
correct the defect; and if they have improperly
executed the law, let us hold them to an account
for it. Sir, is it not a monstrous idea to suppose
