206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
that, when we, as a legislative body, have passed
a law which gentlemen say has operated to the
prejudice of a portion of our constituency, we
have no remedy whatever by which we can restore
those men to the rights of which they have been
deprived ? If we have done them a wrong, are
we not bound, as honorable men, by every con-
sideration of justice, of patriotism, and of con-
science, to put them right? I am prepared to
do it.
Mr. President, my objection to the action of
this board is different frpm any which has yet
been stated. I believe now that the law in itself
is a good law. I am ready to stand by it, and to
make such amendments as may be deemed
necessary to carrv out its real spirit. I never
contemplated any such results as have appeared,
or I never could have supported it. My objection
is to the results that have flown from it; and now
I call upon the American Senate to determine
whether anybody expected that men were to be
tried without a hearing for offenses wRich, if
established, should consign them to the lowest
depths of infamy and disgrace? It is repugnant
to every principle of the Constitution and to all
our ideas of justice and fair dealing. Some gen-
tlemen who 'were tried by that board were far
away from the scene of its labors. I know of
one case to which 1 may refer. 1 shall not men-
tion names, becausc I do not choose to go into
individual cases; but I know a case where a man,
upon rumor, was arraigned before that board
when he was five thousand miles from home,
serving nobly under the banner of his country.
That man, upon mere rumor, was charged be-
fore this board with an offense which, if proved,
should put him outside the pale of honorable
civilization, and separate him from the service.
He was tried, condemned, and dismissed from
the American Navy without a hearing! Mr.
President, is it possible that we have reached
that period in our history when an American
Senate can for a single moment tolerate a princi-
ple like this? The veriest criminal that walks
your streets, who violates every law of your
country, who outrages every principle of human-
ity and every feeling of decency, when arrested,
has secured to him," by the Constitution and the
fehias of the country, a fair and impartial uial;
e is allowed an opportunity of confronting his
accuser and of meeting the witnesses against him
face to face. Not so with an officer of the Amer-
ican Navy.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the gentleman allow
me in this connection to put a question to him?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With pleasure.
Mr. BENJAMIN, How did the gentleman
from Tennessee, when he voted for this law,
understand that portion of it was to be executed,
which provided that, after the Secretary of the
Navy had consulted the board as to the efficiency
of an officer to perform his duty ashore and all oat,
the board should also report whether, m then-
opinion, the incompetency had arisen from any
cause implying sufficient blame on the part of
the officer to justify ^Jiem in recommending that
his name be stricken from the rolls? Did the
gentleman, m voting for that provision of the law,
think that a court-martial was provided for?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will answer the
gentleman with a great deal of pleasure. 1 ex-
pected that when the board assembled they would
be subjected to all the responsibilities known to
a fair and impartial trial. 1 expected that, when
they were called on to discharge this unpleasant
duty, they would take upon themselves all the
obligations imposed by law on men placed in sim-
ilar circumstances. I think common sense dic-
tated, and I am sure justice required, that when
i the board reported to the Secretary of the Navy,
i that xV, B, and C were supposed to be guilty of
offenses inconsistent with a continuance in the
public service, the accused would at once have
been notified of the chaiges preferred against
them, and summoned to appear either before the
• board, or before a court-martial convened by the
President for the purpose, wiiere the poor culprits
might have had accorded to them the humble
privilege which is accorded to every felon on the
highway, of being informed of the charge against
him, and of having an opportunity to disprove it.
That I expected, and that I shall demand here,
as one of the Representatives of the States of this
(Jnion.
That, however, was? not the course of proceed-
ing. When the finding of the board was brought
to the notice of the Secretary of the Navy, what
did he say? He admitted that there were errors
in it. He admitted that wrong was committed.
H^"Said that whilst errors mightexist, and doubt-
less did exist, he advised the President to approve
the report. The President approved the finding
of the board ori'tbftt.reco'mmendation of the'Sec-
rctar-y- «o£..the£f&vy, admitting, on the face of the
paper, that there were wrongs in it. In the 'name
of heavenyI~aslHhtf"Semtorftom Louisiana how
he can reconcile the finding of that board and its
approval by the Secretary of the Navy and the
President, to any principle of justice ? Suppose
there were ninety-nine guilty men and one inno-
cent man—because it was too troublesome to got
at the facts, should the innocent man be consigned
to infamy and disgrace? Sir, the higherlaw—not
the political higher law, but the higher law of
God and morality—says that it is better that
ninety-nine guilty should go unpunished than that
one innocent man should suffer. And yet this
board and the Secretary of the Navy and the
President have reversed this great principle of
morality, and they say that, when they wish to
punish the ninety-nine, the one innocent man
must suffer with them.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to ask the honor-
able Senator whether he is informed by rumor,
or otherwise, that this board kept minutes or re-
cords ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I dislike very
much at any time in addressing the Senate to rely
on mere rumor, because we all know how very
unreliable rumor is. I have heard that no min-
utes were kept. I have heard that there was no
leport. 1 have heard that there was not the
scratch of a pen to be found, explaining the con-
duct of the board. I have heard these tilings, but
1 have no right to know them, and, therefoie, 1
offer my resolution to give the Secretary of the
Navy and the naval board a chance to let us
know the ground of their action. I do not deture
to establish any secret inquisition upon them. I
do not desire to fall into the very error which I
think they have committed, of trying men with-
out giving them an oppoitunity to be heard. For !
this reason 1 a.^sume that there is a record, and, '
; therefore, I have calli^l upon them to present it.
\ Now, if it should turn out, as rumor says, that
| there i«< no record, i want them to be made to
| answer for having kept none.
j Mr. SENVARD. ft is piecisely for that reason
| that I desired, in connection with the honorable
j Senator's remarks, that the fact might go out to j
i the country. He has given a strong reason for j
'voting for the resolution. Let the woild know j
j precisely how this thing stands, and let the Sen- j
• ate proceed, just as the honorable Senator pro-!
i coeds, in the legitimate and proper way to asccr- !
; tain the fact. I think it is right for the Senate to |
1 call for it. j
, Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. [ was actuated j
: by that motive alone. I do not know whether I
they kept minutes of their proceedings, and j
; whether they made a detailed report, "or not.]
; That is a matter for them and not for me; but iV
i am for performing mv duty heie as a Senator, j
It seems that 1 have been made a party to this *
| transaction by voting for the law. I believe that
• the law has> been perverted from its true purpore,
' and that results have followed hilarious to the
; public service, and dangerous to the public mo-
: rahty of the country, and that finally, if persist-
' ed in, the result must be the utter destruction of
the Navy. Why, «n*, the pestilence which per-
vaded a portion of the South during the last year
was not more terrific m its effects than the pesti-
lence which has swept ovei the Navy by the
acrion of this boaiu. Out of seven hundred
: naval officers, two hundred and one have been
consigned to their official graces. The State
i which you and I, Mr. President, represent,
I mourns her sons. Some of them, perhaps, are
| now standing within the sound of my voice,
' asking why they have been dismissed from the
j public service, what charges were preferred
' against them, and upon what ground they have
i been tried, condemned, and executed? Neither
- you nor I, nor any other man m the Senate, is
able to answer that question. Can we satisfy
^ oar conscienccs, or our constituents, that men
j who have devoted their lives? and their honors to
the public service are to be- sacrificed as mere
dogs, without being heard ? No, sir, there is but
ens voice and one sentiment in the State which
you and I represent, and that is universal aston-
ishment, condemnation, and execration at the
manner in which this law has been executed. I
seek to correct that.
My honorable friend from Louisiana* with
whom I am in the habit of concurring upon almost
every question, says that even General Jackson,
with Ins iron nerve, would not have had the
moral courage to dismiss'two hundred men from
the Navy, unaided, I presume he meant to say,
by the counsel of a board. No, sir; and. my
ftiend might have gone much further than that.
He might have said that General Jackson would
not have had the moral courage, nor would he
have had the heart to do it. He might have
gone further, and said that the Father of his
Country had not the nerve to do it, and never
had the heart to do it. Do you suppose they
would propose to hymen in a secret conclave,
worse than the Spanish Inquisition, without a
warning, without a single note of prepaiation?
Tffe first intelligence the condemned officers had,
was that their heads were off, and they dishonored
and disgraced. If I were permitted to mention
names here, I should like to ask my friend to tell
me why A or B was dismissed from the Navy.
In the kindness of his heart, he might say it was
for some infirmity, perhaps intemperance, which
is a weakness that pertains to most of us, in a
greater or less degree. In his charitable heart,
which I know is filled with t( the milk of human
kindness," that illustrates his character, lie miyht
imagine it was some crratic spirit or temper for
which he had been dismissed. But when I ask
another man why he was dismissed from the
Navy—when 1 ask one not having so warm and
generous a heart as my friend from Louisiana,
he may say it was because of some undefined,
unexplained act of dishonor. The next man of
whom i inquire upon the subject, one more unre-
lenting and bitter m his feelings, may say,
"Why, sir, he was tried and arraigned for cow-
ardice.'' The next man I meet, and to whom I
propound the same question—one with a heart
still more steeled against the charities of life,
might say, "They discharged the fellow for
felony."
Have you not placed these gentlemen in that
position? Are their characters not left liable to
suspicion? Letters have been addressed to every
member of the naval board, asking why they,
dismissed certain officers. What was the answer .
of every one? Each of them said, " I am estopped ■«
from answering for the board; I have no light to i 5
tell you why you were dismissed." Thus you-'
open the door for all sorts of fancy, and imagma- v
tion runs riot as to the cause of dismissal. Ma-
lignity has a full opportunity to display its work.
A man's reputation, which is dearer to him than
life, is sacrificed to this vague and indefinite spirit
\of conjecture that is thrown over the subject,
"simply because you have put it under the veil of
a secret conclave.
Sir, [ do not mean to attack the motives of the
S members of the naval board at this time. It takes
all the Christian charity which I have got—and
you know, sir, that no man's heart is mor*e filled
with that virtue than mine [laughter]—and all I
can borrow from my neighbor, [Mr. Critten-
den*,] to throw the mantle of charity over the
board. But for the lives, and history, and ser-
vices of its members, I should have no hesitation
in pronouncing a sentence of condemnation, full,
perfect, and unmitigated, against thom; but I for-
bear; I wish them to have an opportunity to an-
swer for themselves. Let them be heard. It
requires all ray charity to believe that they were
1 actuated by the purest and the best of motives;
! but I will not impugn their purposes. It is against
■ their action that I inveigh.
! \ have not gone into the details of particular
j cases. I have said thus much in general terms;
I but when the time comes for the examination of
! the subject in detail, I shall have a record to un-
1 fold m regard to which, in myjudgmeut, aecord-
| ing to testimony which is clear to my mind, the
I board never can exonerate themselves; but I
i mean to be more just to them than they have
: been to their brother officers. I mean that they
j shall have the privilege, at least, of being heaid.
! In that view I have offered the resolution under
