180$
THE; CONGRESSIONAL G&OBE,
July, 28,
power she strikes the rock of - the public
uvy, and a stream of public treasure pours into
her lap. The whole power of this Government is,
used to concentrate public expenditure and odious
bounties on New York. Every particle of her
manufactures—every particle of her commerce,
has. been protected by this Government. She
boasts of her wealth, reproaches us with poverty^
and yet, in the person of her representative™!'
she sits constantly knocking at, the door of the
Treasury.
1 have seen no effort by the Democrats, during
this Congress .or the last, to reduce the. sixty-five
millions of revenue which you now levy annually
on the industry of .the country. They seemed to
address.themselves exclusively to aiding their
opponents in squandering it. There seems to be
a coalition between a portion of the Democrats
and.both of the other two parties, having for its
object the appropriation of the public treasure to
local and personal objects. It is time that the
country looked into this coalition. Public money
seems to be the only cement of this repulsive and
unnatural coalition.
I think we have a just complaint against some,
of the southern Senators who liaye entered this
coalition. They, seem to be taken into the new
concern on unequal terms,; they seem to be half-
price partners. The Senator from Louisiana filed
his application for $625,000, but he was razeed to
$325,000 for the improvement of the mouth.of
the Mississippi. The Senator from Tennessee
filed,his application for $05,000, and,he is .razeed
to §35,000. Now, I think both the importance
of the works and the amount of influence which
these gentlemen bring into the concern entitle
them to a fair share. 1 fear they underrate them-
selves, as I am sure they do the magnitude of the
interests they represent, in accepting such hard |
terms. The Senator, from Tennessee exhausted [
his brilliant imagination in depicting the beauty, j
magnificence, and sublimity of the Tennessee and :
Cumberland rivers, and then fell short of describ- i
ing their unequalcd beauties; but it seems all the
eloquence and all the merits of the subject failed
tp induce the committee to accept him only as a
half-price supporter of this system. The lakes
would,not Share it. And, in truth, I do not see
how they well could. Three harbors of refuge in
thirty-three miles is an expensive business; and
if the^ steamboats do not need so many harbors
of refuge, the land speculators do, and a whole
million of commerce must have five per centum
bounty from the general funds. I am glad that the
Senator from Virginia has waked up the country
to it. I shall aid him in it everywhere that prom-
ises good; and I have said again and again, on
this floor, that 1 am for standing with Mr. Jeffer-
son, who declared that such laws as these were
null and void, and that they were a sufficient
cause for resistance. An unlimited power of tax-
ation, combined with an unlimited power of ex-
penditure, is necessarily fatal to the minority in
this Republic. It necessarily leads to the poverty
and ruin of the weaker, and, for one, I am unwill-
ing, to submit to it.
We of the South have sought none of these
unjust advantages. Wo till the earth. We have
sought no protection from this Government—none
of its rnouey. We have been willing to give our
blood and treasure to it whenever demanded. I
have not been sent here to ask the public money
oil behalf of my constituents. For eleven years '
since I have been in the two Houses of Congress, i
my constituents have never asked me to intro- i
duce one bill for the benefit of their industry, i
their pursuits, neither special nor general; and I!
have never introduced one. Some bills have been
referred to committees of which I have been a
member, for claims growing out of Indian dis-:
turbanees in niv own and neighboring States, and .
one for removing the wrecks placed in the Savan-
nah river during the revolutionary war. These,
with a very few cases of just debts due by the Gov- 1
eniment to my State and my constituents, have
constituted the whole of the local legislation for
winch my services have been invoked by my
constituents; and that large class of just and
meritorious claims for Indian depredations have
been till this day withheld by the Government,
.but as for a law to benefit the industry or employ-
ment of a human being of the people of Georgia,
they have never asked through mo. ' j
Mr. PL GH. Who asked for the appropriation I
which was passed last Thursday morning, for
the benefit of the Savannah river ?
Mr. T.OOMBS. That bill came from the House
of Representatives.
Mr. EUGH. Theresas a similar bill here,
introduced by the Senator from .Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. That does not come under the
principles I Jay down. We demanded of the Gov-
ernment; .to leaye the Savannah river, as good,as
they, found.it at the beginning of the revolution-
ary war. Ships were sunk in the river partly
by the Americans, to interrupt the attacks of the
British, and partly by the British when in pos-
session, to prevent the attacks of the Americans
an,d their allies. We have demanded their re-
moval, and .are entitled to itupon grounds wholly
di fie rent from your doctrine of internal improve-
ments. So the President and many other states-
men have again and again determined.
Mr. PUGH. I am not going to debate the
Savannah river question with the Senator from
Georgia, but he said his constituents never asked
for a dollar. They asked for that appropriation
on that pretext.
Mr. TOOMBS. Understand me. I said that
I had been here for eleven years, and .they did not
send mc here to ask for money, or for any aid of
the Government to their pursuits; they have de-
manded that the Government should discharge its
debts to them—its obligations to placc them where
they were at the beginning of the war. All the
charges of the general and particular defense were
assumed by the Government, and this was one
of them. The commercial interests of Savannah
I dare say, like other commercial interests, are
not exempt from looking to Government for spe-
cial favors, and I do not say that our commercial
classes are more exempt from that than the peo-
ple of Cincinnati or other commercial towns.
Mr. PUG H. I call the attention of the Senate
to the fact, that that is the only bill of this char-
acter on which the yeas and nays have not been
called.
Mr. TOOMBS. The bill of which the Senator
speaks did not appropriate a dollar.
Mr. PUGH. Do I understand the Senator to
say that the Savannah river bill appropriated
nothing ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Not a dime.
Mr. PUGH. I beg leave to correct the Sena-
tor, We made an appropriation at the last Con-
gress to remove certain hulks in Savannah river.
The Secretary of War, under his doctrine of strict
construction, held that but a small portion of that
money could be used, because the objects to
which it had been limited were exhausted. The
purpose of the bill passed on Thursday morning
was to get the use of the residue of that money.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is true, and it is per-
fectly consistentwith mystatement. I thoroughly
understood the ease; and I, as the member of the
committee who reported the bill, stated, at the
tune, it did not appropriate a dollar, it made a
former appropriation available, which I think the
improper construction of the War Office had de-
feated; but it appropriated nothing. Whether it
made an appropriation or not, however, it stood
on a distinct principle. We have claimed that the
obstructions m the Savannah were put there by
the public enemy, or else by our own Govern-
ment for defense, and that you ought to have left
us, when the Revolution was over, as well as vou
found us. It was not on the principle of remov-
ing natural obstructions. You may remove a
nuisance wherever you put it, or wherever the
enemy has put it. If, in consequence of your act,
the enemy destroy property or render it valueless,
there are hundreds of cases where compensation
has been made to individuals; and if the principle
had been contested, I was prepared to show that
it had been settled by practice.
Mr, PUG H. In all my practice of the law the
act of God and the act of the public enemy have
always been put on the same foundation.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator has given onlr
maxim of law: I will give him another which is
very important to go with it, to wit: that error
always lurks under generalities. The general rule
is, that Governments do not pay for damages
committed by the enemy in war. One of the ex-
ceptions is, that they do pay when this damage,
though done by the enemy, is caused by the act of
your own Government. Everybody knows that
there are .cases where damages done by a public
enemy in time of war are paid for by all Govern-
ments. Tins Government has, from its founda-
tion, by standing laws recognized this obligation.
There is no difficulty in regard to it. Notwith-
standing the maxirn to which my friend from
Ohio refers, let me toll him, that when he endeavors
to legislate on a general maxim, he will often find
himself in error.
But, Mr. President, I was reviewing the history
of this Government. The people of one portion
of the country have been paying taxes since the
revolutionary war. The public lands have nearly
all been squandered and seized at the instance of
a portion of the States of the Union. The policy
was different in early times. I find, by reference
to authentic statistics, that the cession made by
my State to the United States has paid to the
Federal Treasury not less than $28,000,000. That
is the amount of the net proceeds of the sales of
the public lands in Alabamaand Mississippi, after
payingfor the extinguishment of the Indian titles,
ancl being liberal in grants for education, and
leaving a large amount of lands to be taken up
under the bill of my friend from Alabama, [Mr.
Fitzpatrick,] at twelve and a half cents an acre.
The principle upon which the South has acted
has been, that the Government rested on, and was
to be supported by, the peoplo; that its business
was not to support the people out of the public
funds, but to give equal protection of life, liberty,
and property to all, and then let them alone. We
have sought no particular favors, no special pro-
tection, either to our industry or to our improve-
ments. We have made our own improvements,
and we paid the General Government >500 a mile
m duties on railroad iron for the privilege of doing
so. After all this we are told it is a national affair
to spend nearly three millions of the public money
annually for improvements, which in no way
benefits us, and which ought to be paid by those
who are benefited by the expenditure.
Is this Democracy ? If so, it cannot stand, for
it violates the principles of honesty and justice.
The Senator from Ohio complained the other day
at the large appropriations which this Govern-
ment had made for purposes like this on the At-
lantic coast. As I stated on a former occasion,
not a dollar has ever been appropriated to the
State of Georgia for all our harbors and coasts,
except two appropriations for the removal of the
wrecks in the Savannah river, and $10,000 for
the harbor of Brunswick, which was wasted and
thrown away. We came into the Union with
the old thirteen, and we have been in it ever since.
Ohio, one of the new States, according to Colo-
nel Abert's report of 1845 had received up to that
time $2,(j00,000 from this Government for inter-
nal improvement. I am going into no scramble
of that kind. I complain of the expenditure, no
matter where made.
Mr. PUGH. 1 should like to know the Sena-
tor's authority for the statement which he has
just made in regard to Ohio ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I gave the authority. I read
it in the Senate from thereportof Colonel Abert,
the present head of the topographical bureau.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to see the docu-
ment; I think I could demonstrate its utter fal-
lacy.
Mr. TOOMBS. I can give the Senator the
book. I read Colonel Abert's report in my gen-
eral speech on the subject, and the Senator's col-
league I think was in his seat at the time. The
report was a statement of all these appropriations
all over the United States.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator tell me where
I can find it?
Mr. TOOMBS. I have it in the second vol-
ume of Wheeler's History of Congress, at my
house, but the Senator will find it in the public
documents. I cannot designate the number of the
document. The statement was, that $2,600,000
had been appropriated to Ohio for internal im-
provements up to 1845, not counting what may
nave been appropriated since that time.
Mr. CASS. I have a table before me, show-
ing the whole amount of river and harbor appro-
priations for the entire Union. The amount is
about eleven millions of dollars. Of this sum
$3,000,000 have been expended upon the lakes;
$3,500,000 for the Mississippi and its tributaries;
and $5,000,000 for the Atlantic coast. This is the
state of the facta about river and harbor improve-
ments.
