982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
and I do not think we can get through with it
this afternoon.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move to postpone
the further consideration of this subject until to-
morrow, and to make it the special order at half
past twelve o'clock.
' The motion'was agreed to.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I now move that the
Senate proceed to the considerationoftheKansas
bill, in order that I may submit my remarks. I
will take as little time as possible.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I asked my friend
from Iowa to allow me three minutes.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, I never asked a favor
of this kind before in my life.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I will remind my
friend that I agreed this morning that to-day's
debate should proceed on the express condition
that at the end of half an hour I should have the
privilege of having taken up the resolutions of
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] in
relation to the naval board, for the purpose of
submitting a communication, to be published in-
stead of a speech. I do not wish to trespass 011
the Senate by making a speech. I hope the Sen-
ate will agree to that.
Mr. WELLER. I think my friend from Ten-
nessee is mistaken. He could not have prevented
the debate from going on. If it had been com-
petent for any Senator to do so, I should unques-
tionably have stopped it in order to take up the
Pacific railroad hill.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The naval question
was the order of the day.
Mr. WELLER. So the bill under discussion
to-day was a special order.
Mr. CELL, of Tennessee. The business under
consideration was not the order of the day after
one o'clock. I move to take up the resolution
of the honorable Senator from Georgia in regard
to the naval board, that I may submit the papers
which I have in my hand instead of a speech,
which I will not inflict upon the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Sen-
ator from Iowa takes precedence of that of the
Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Tf such is the dis-
position of the Senate, I shall have to make my
speech at some future time.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope you will make
a speech for two or three hours.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Iowa insist on his motion.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The bill referred to by
the Senator from Iowa has been postponed until
Monday next.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move, then, to re-
consider the vote postponing it.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Iowa to reconsider
the vote postponing until Monday next the bill
(S. No. 172) authorizing the people of Kansas
Territory to form a constitution and State govern-
ment when they have the requisite population.
. Mr. JONES, of Iowa, then replied to some of
the remarks of his colleague [Mr. Harlan] on
the general question of Kansas matters. (The
speech will appear in the Appendix.) When he
had concluded, it being nearly five o'clock,
Mr. J. said: I will now withdraw my motion
to reconsider.
Mr. HARLAN. I hope not. There have
been too many personal allusions to me, to which
I desire to respond at once, to suffer the occasion
to pass without remonstrating 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Brown in
the chair.) The present occupant of the chains
not very familiar with the rules, but he considers
that the Senator from Iowa has a right to with-
draw his motion.
Mr. SEIDELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope the Senate will not
adjourn without giving the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan] the opportunity which he asks
for of replying at once to the speech of his col-
league.
Mr. WELLER. He will have ample oppor-
tunity, This question is not now to be disposed
of. The usual hour of adjournment has long
since passed.
Mr. REID. The gentleman has already occu-
pied several hours on this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
begs leave to say that the motion to adjourn is
not a debatable question.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I ask that the motion
may be withdrawn for a reason which I will state.
This bill has already been made the special order
for next Monday, on which day it is understood
that my colleague will have the floor.
Mr. STUART. It is all carried over. The
motion to reconsider has been withdrawn, and
therefore the order assigning next Monday for
this bill stands unaffected.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. That being the case,
I have nothing to say.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to make a personal
appeal to the Senator from California.
Mr. WELLER. I did not make the motion
to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
was made by the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. HARLAN. Then 1 make the appeal to
him to withdraw the motion.
Mr. SLIDELL. The hour at which we usually
adjourn has arrived, and I must insist on my
motion.
Mr. HARLAN. I will state the reason why
I make the request. I have been alluded to per-
sonally as having furnished the occasion, by pre-
vious remarks of mine, for the speech which we
have heard. It is a reply in detail to my state-
ment of facts and arguments. My colleague
stated this to be the object of his speech. The
regular business before the Senate was postponed
for the purpose of allowing him to do so. Hence
I ask the indulgence of the Senate that I may
respond briefly, not argumentatively or at length,
to the points of personal allusion which my col-
league has made to me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
must interpose and say, that the motion for ad-
journment is not a debatable question.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from Iowa
would occupy but four or five minutes, I should
have no objection to hear liini now; but, if the
discussion is to be extended, 1 must insist on my
motion.
Several Senators. He will have a better
opportunity hereafter.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to, there
being, on a division—ayes 15, noes 5; and there-
upon the Senate adjourned, at twenty minutes to
five o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlyril 1G, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain of the Senate, Rev. Henri* C.
Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by general consent, laid be-
fore the House a communication from the Patent
Office, transmitting the annual agricultural report
of the Commissioner of Patents; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAVEN moved that five hundred extra
copies be printed; which motion,under the rules,
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Post Office Department,
m answer to a resolution of the House in relation
to the custom-house, &c., at Chicago, Illinois;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unan-
imous consent, in pursuance of previous notice, in-
troduced a bill to authorize the issuing of patents
to lands in certain cases; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. READY, by unanimous consent, in pur-
suance ofprevious notice, introduced a bill explan-
atory of the act passed the 29th day of July,
1848_, entitled "An act for the relief of certain
surviving widows of officers and soldiers of the
revolutionary armyand the second section of
the act passed the 3d of March, 1853, entitled
44 An act to continue half-pay to certain widows
an.d orphans;" which was read a first and second
time; and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. ORR. I give notice that I shall object to
the introduction of any other bill. I demand the
regular order of business.
'Mr. PRINGLE. I hope the gentleman will
not object to a resolution which I desire the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer, merely calling
for information from one of the Departments.
Mr. ORR. If the committees are regularly
called for reports for four mornings, every report
in the hands of gentlemen can be disposed of,
and then the introduction of bills and resolutions
can go on by unanimous consent. I must insist
upon the regular order of business.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees for reports.
Mr. HAVEN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Captain
Thomas Ap Catesby Jones; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, made the order of the day for
to-morrow, and, with the report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. II. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report in the case of William Black;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, reported a bill granting bounty land
to the officers and crews of private armed vessels
commissioned by the United States; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say, in relation to
the bill which has just been reported by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that, when it is
printed, I would like to have the members of the
House give it a little attention, because, as there
are several special orders pending in the Commit-
tee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union, where
this bill has been referred, I presume the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts will at an early day
ask to have the committee discharged from the
consideration of the bill, and to have the House
dispose of it.
CHINESE INTERPRETER.
Mr. MATTESON, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill to pay the Chinese
interpreter $5,000 per annum, instead of $2,500;
which was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. M. said: I ask that that bill may be put
upon its passage; and in order to show why 1
make the request, I ask that a letter from the Sec-
retary of State may be read, which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and printed.
The letter was read, and is as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, March 8,18,"36.
Sm : I have the honor to inclose a copy ot a letter of the
1st of November last, addressed to this Depaitment by Mr.
S. Wells Williams, the interpreter to the mission o"f the
United States to China, sotting forth the inadequacy of the
salary allowed by law to that officer. Believing that entire
confidence is due to his representations, they are earnestly
commended to the consideration of the body over which
you preside. It is not probable that the services of any per-
son competent for that office could be obtained for the pres-
ent salary. But even if it were otherwise, it is peeuhaily
desirable, at tins juncture, that every reasonable induce-
ment should be offered to Mr. Williams to retain it. The
House is probably awaie of his experience, reputation, and
ments, in regard to Chinese dialects, customs, and alfairs.
There is eausc, indeed, to believe that, 111 thos^ lespecN at
least, he sui passes any individual in the service of any other
Government. Under these circumstances, an mciea&e of
the salary to $5,000 is lecommended
I liave the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
W. L. MAKCY.
Hon. Nathaniel P. Banks, Jr.. Speaker of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. MATTESON. If the gentleman from
Tennessee, after this recommendation from the
State Department, really desires to have this bill
go to a Committee of the "Whole, I will modify
my motion, and, instead of asking that the bill
be put on its passage, move that it be so referred,
and, with the accompanying report, be printed.
Still I would rather that the bill be now put on its
passage. Besides the recommendation from the
State Department, I have a report from the com-
