1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
consideration, and I hope the Senate will adopt
it,
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I do not
intend to go any further into this debate than
will be necessary to answer, in a very few words,
one or two questions which have been pro-
pounded to me by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, and by my friend from Tennessee.
The Senator from New Hampshire says that
I misapprehend his argument; that he does not
mean to say that the officers of the "Navy have a
vested interest in their commissions any further
than this: that they have a vested interest in
their commissions which deprives the Congress
of the United States, or any Department of the
Government, of the right of turning them out
of the service except in such manner as was con-
templated when they entered the service. The
Senator then asked why we could not, in the
same manner, and upon the same grounds, act
upon judges of courts of the United States? The
answer to this is so piain, and clear, and obvi-
ous, that I am astonishecfat the question. The
members of the judiciary of this Government
hold their commissions, under the Constitution,
"during good behavior." The officers of the
Government in question hold their commissions
during the pleasure of the President.
My friend from Tennessee, indorsing the argu-
ment of^ the gentleman from New Hampshire,
still persists in putting it before Congress and the
country that these officers have been charged with
acriminal ofl'ense, tried, condemned, and exe-
cuted, without a hearing. .Mr. President, you re-
member well—my friend from Tennessee remem-
bers well, and perhaps it may not be improper to
refresh the memory of the gentleman from New
Hampshire—that, prior to the year 3828, there
was a very large body of offices in this country—
the civil ofuccs of the Government—held by men
who had no other tenure than the good pleasure
of the Executive; and about the year 1828 there
was a revolution in the Administration of this
Government on that subject, and nearly every
civil officer—men, some of them, who had held
from boyhood the positions upon which they
relied for sunnnrl fnv tiirtmcniTToti aiwl /V,
relied for support for themselves and their farm
lies, men against whose untarnished reputation
not a syllable of reproach was ever uttered,—men
who bore themselves as loftily in social positions,
and as possessing all the attributes which should
characterize an officer, a man, or a gentleman,—
these men, without trial, upon the instigation of
cliques of village politicians, who wanted their
places, found themselves decapitated by the Ex-
ecutive of the United States. 'The village politi-
cians, who had volunteered themselves into an
advisory board, reported upon them, and Look
. their places; and yet one great party in this coun-
try was found 
Mr. JONES, ofTen nessee. Mr. President 
Mr. BENJAMIN". My friend from Tennessee
need not rise; it docs not touch lum; he was
. against it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Perhaps it touches
you.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir; I was against it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely rise to
ask my friend if he did not condemn, in the most
unmeasured terms, that very proceeding*.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then come over
and join me, and condemn this.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will tell the gentleman,
in a few minutes, why [ cannot accept his very j
polite invitation. 'Mr. President, when that gen- |
eral removal of the civil oilieers of the Govern- !
ment took place, which my friend from Tennes-;
see and myself reprobated at the time, what was j
the motive? It was to carry out what I have '
ever considered the vilest revolutionary doctrine {
that ever was published through this country—;
" to the victors belong the spoils." It was not'
question of his capacity to perform public ser-
vice; that it abandoned the old Jeffersonian doc-
trine of inquiry into his capacity and honesty,
and substituted for it a question which, in my
opinion, was corruptive of the public morals; it
was for that reason that I then denounced it, and
I still denounce it.
Sir, when certain gentlemen, [addressing him-
self to Mr. Hale,] who at that time belonged to
the party which adopted that principle, main-
tained it, approved it, carried it out, and, in their
own ISnguage, struck off the heads of honest and
honorable and competent public officers, without
inquiry, without charge, without knowledge of
their own 
Mr. HALE. Point to somebody else—not to
me. I did not do it. [Laughter.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, nobody
seems to be willing to say he did it. Now, sir,
what have we done here—what has Congress
done here? The Congress of the United States
has simply endeavored to have a discharge from
tile public service of officers whose competency
it has endeavored to test in the only manner in
which, I submit, it was possible for us to test it—
by the report of a board of brother officers, who
alone were competent to judge of their capacity
and efficiency for the public service. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee asks me if, with the kind
heart which he is pleased to attribute tome—and
which I do not feel to be a very gieat compliment,
for he took a great deal more to himself—I can
approve of the action of this board in relation
to A, B, or C? Sir, when I was very suddenly
called upon to state my opinions in this debate,
(vei;y suddenly, indeed,) I mentioned that I had
not examined the 1 it—that 1 was not aware of,
and knew no means of becoming acquainted with
the fact whether tins board had done justice or
injustice in oil cases. I have a very decided
opinion in a few cases that have come to my
knowledge, that injustice has been done.
But the point which I want to bring prominently
before the Senate and the country js tins;: there
has been no trial of anybody on any charge.
The President has been requested by'Congrcss
to exercise Ins constitutional prerogative of dis-
missing inefficient officers from the public service,
to the end that lie might perform this constitu-
tional duty with every possible means for acquir-
ing- corrcet information whicli it was within the
power of die Congress of the United States to
furnish him. Congress ordered that a board of
officers should be called—to do what? To advise
the President in relation to the capacity of then-
brother officers to do the duly of the country
t ashore'^and afloat. Where, then, is the idea of a
court? Aly honorable friend from Missouri [Mr.
. Geyeii] suggested to me just now, what 1 ought
I to have said before, ihat if a court had been pro-
! vided for in the act 1 sSiould have voted against
; it. I had no idea of bringing the whole body of
j naval officers in this country under court-martial
I by law. I had no idea of aniendingflho law creating
I courts-martial; and if the Senator from Tennessee
: expected that, under the operation ofliuslaw, any- ,
I tiling like acourt-mai tial was to be held, I submit •
j to him, with deference, that lie did not sufficiently \
study the words of the law, nor examine into its I
I spirit oi intent. Courts-martial enough had been j
j held ill the naval service; courts-martial enough i
' can be held under our present system. The ob- j
j ject was to furnish the President wail an advisory
board.
Let us take a familiar illustration. Suppose I lj
: have a great deal of building going on, and my ;j
; work is not done well. 1 am not an expert, but j
i I have a large number of contractors and work- ji
i men. I find that my work 13 not will done; I ,
j find that it is not progressing with sufficient rap-
[ idity,and 1 desire then fore to discharge the in- j
| competent workmen. I do not know who they
. --    ,1 are. I apply to half-a-dozen of them in whom I
because the President of the United States did not h have confidence, to report to me which of the i|
possess the power; it was not because 1 thought j I men are doing their work well and which are not; ' i
that, in the unquestioned exercise of that consti- ij and upon the report of those men, in whom 1 !|
tutional power, he was not right in discharging LI must have confidence, for 1 have no other source :
from the public service men whom he might j | of information, 1 drop from my service those who
deem, from information derived from any source, ij arc reported to me as not working readily, stead- j
incompetent to perform their public duties, that ;i liy, and with efficiency—is that a Trial for a crime ? :
I reprobated the adoption of that political pnn- ' j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will my friend i
ciple; but it. was upon the ground that it carried i! allow me to ask him a question at this point of ,
corruption into the political service; that it made .] his remarks1 j
the choicest the officer dependent, not upon the ij Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir. lj
207
_Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will take my
friend's simile, and put this question to him:
When a report was made to him of the incompe.-
tency of a portion of iiis hands, would Jie not,
as a just man, having the fortunes of those mpn
under his control, if one of tlrem came to him and
said, " I have been very badly treated; I have
been presented to you as unworthy of continua-
tion in your service; injustice has been done me\
I have been represented on rumor as having
been guilty of charges of which I am innocent;"
would he not restore that man to his service on
proof of those facts?
_Mr. BENJAMIN. I will answer the Senator
with the greatest pleasure, that if I myself pos-
sessed, as in the case he supposes I would possess,
supreme power, uniting, m the illustration sug-
gested, the executive with the legislative and
judicial power in my own person, I could then
advise myself what I ought to do, and could carry
my own judgment into execution, and thus repair
any wrong which might have been done. But
what.1 now insist on is this: the Government of
the United States, being divided into distinct de-
partments, and requiring the concurrence of
various departments for efficient action on many
occasions, and in the present case, the Congress
and the Executive having combined to perform
a particular act, Congress alone cannot undo
it—1 say it required the action of Congress, com-
bined with the action of the Executive, to put
these officers out of the service; and I say now
the action of Congress alone cannot put them
back. In the case winch the gentleman supposes
of my action in regard to my o\vn employes, I
could put them back, because I would unite both
powers in myself.
I have merely said these few words in answer
to the remarks which have been dropped from
the Scnators who preceded me, and particularly
the observations of my friend from Tennessee,
who seemed to think this was the first time in
the history of the Government, that officers who
held ^their tenure during the good pleasure of
the Executive had been, without cause assigned,
dropped from the public service, after having
spent the best years of their lives in the service.
Mr. MALLOIIY. Mr. President, I was not
altogether unprepared for the fonc in which the
questions before the country in relation to the
naval reform bill of the last session have been
discussed to-day, because I have seen causes at
work out of doors which I knew would ultimately
bring their influence to bear upon the Senate. As
lying at the foundation of the argument, I should
like to hear the question propounded by the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana answ< red: whether
what the opponents of this bill are aiming at, its
repeal, will attain the remedy they seek? It is a
question which should be approached calmly. It
is a. pure question of law. Before gentlemen in-
dulge m accusations against the board in regard
to supposed criminality, it would bo very well for
them to examine perhaps that phase of the ques-
tion; for if they fail m that there must be some
remedy applied to those cases winch are con-
fessedly mistakes on the part of the board. I do
not propose now, Mr. President, to discuss the
merits of the bill, 01 whether or not its features
have been carried out correctly, but I could not
justify myself, as chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and as one who participated in the
passage of that bill through this body, if I did not
reply, to some extent at least, to the remarks
vliich the Senator from New J-I^mpshire and the
Senator from Tennessee have indulged m. I hod
not the pleasure^ of hearing all the address of the
Senator from New Hampshire. When I came
into the Senate Chamber this morning, 1 under-
stood him to be attacking the motives of the
boaid. I understood him as going further, and
attacking the chaiactei of the bill, and as going
still further, and maintaining that the result has
been products c rather of evil than of benefit.
I confess, sir, living as I do in a strange day,
it is somewhat remarkable to me to find the Sen-
ator of New Hampshire standing up here as the
supporter of the Navy, maintaining its integrity
and its high character; for if there be a place to
which I would especially have assigned him here-
tofore it was that of a constant and unremitting
enemy of the Navy and of all naval reform. X
understood the honorable Senator at that time
to rise in his place and propose to annihilate the
