856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19?
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Brenton.
Ho. of Reps.
arid other Stales in the original common territory of the
_"n\on. or by treaties with Francet Spain, and the Mexican
Republic, in the territories of Louisiana, the Floridas, New
Mexico, and California.
•• It has been adjudged by the same series of decisions
that the pro\i-ions of tlic ordinance for the organization of
the Northwest Territory were extinguished by the Constitu-
tion ; or, if any of them retain continuing validity, it is only
so far as they may have authority derived from some other
source—either the compacts of cession or acts of Congress
uniler the Constitution." j
If such decisions have been made, it has not
been my good fortune to find them. When were |
these decisions made? By whom? And in !
what case or cases ? These questions are easily |
answered if it be true that " a long series of de-
cisions" have been made by "the Supreme
Court of the United States." And it is due to
the cause which the opinions of the President
and Attorney General are designed to sustain,
and also to the country generally, that some ,
portion of this "long series be brought to light.
This ordinance was unquestionably known to |
the convention which formed the Constitution,
and the subjects embraced in it were undoubtedly
carefully and earnestly examined by that body in
nl) their bearings. Is it not reasonable, then, to
suppose that if they had found in it anything in-
consistent with the equality of the States and
the principles of a republican government, they
■would have said so, and have repealed it in ex-
press terms, and not left it for future adjudications
by the courts of the country?
Now, sir, it is a principle well established, and
understood by all, that when a law is "super-
seded" by subsequent enactment, or expires by
express limitation, it is void and inoperative; and
that when the conditions of any writing obliga-
tory are fully complied with, it ceases to have any
force or effect, either in law or equity. Now, as
the Constitution contains no provisions for the
government of the Northwest Territory, it fol-
lows as a natural consequence, according to the i
teachings of the President and Attorney General,
that it had no organic law; the officers were " su-
perseded" and the government" extinguished."
Is this true?
As this question lies at the very foundation of
the controversy now agitating the whole country,
it is important to understand the facts of the case;
and this can only be done by ascertaining how
the question was treated by the Congress of the
nation, and how it was understood by the states- !
men of that day. j
That the President is wrong, I think can be
clearly shown by the " voice of history," by the
legislation of the country, and the opinion of the
statesmen of this day. Nopersons living within
the limits of that vast Territory regarded them-
selves as released from the binding force of any :
part of that ordinance; so far from it, we find the '
Governor and Legislative Council continuing to act j
under it. They believed that they were specially |
bound by the sixth article of that ordinance, <
which prohibited slavery in the Territory. Hence
we find the Legislative Council, with many of the
citizens of the Territory of Indiana, sending their
memorials and* petitions to Congress, asking for
a temporary suspension of the sixth article, so as
to allow, for a limited period, the introduction of
slave labor.
On the 25th of April, 1796, this subject was
presented to the House, and referred to a special 1
committee; on the 12th of May following, this
committee made a report against the prayer of !
the petitioners. j
On the 8th of February, 1803, memorials and j
petitions on the same subject were again presented
to the House, and referred to a committee; and, ,
on the 2d of March following, Mr. Randolph, :
chairman of the committee, reported as follows: j
" That the committee deem it highly dangerous and inex- 1
pedient to impair a provision wisely calculated to promote
the happiness and prosperity of the northwestern country,
and to give strength and security to that extensive frontier.
In the salutary operation of this sagacious and benevolent \
restraint it is believed that the inhabitants of Indiana will, I
at no very distant day, find ample remuneration for a tern- j
porary privation of latx>r and of emigration."
Now mark. This ordinance is here pronounced
(and very appropriately) a wise one, and character-
ized as a "sagacious and benevolent restraint,"
and in its operations and beneficial effects as
"calculated to promote the happiness and pros-
perity of the northwestern country," and that
any attempt " to impair" it, would be, not only
" inexpedient," but" highly dangerous." As an
Indianian, I feel devoutly grateful to the memory
of the man who lent his commanding influence
in the early days of our Republic to maintain
inviolate the solemn compact of our fathers in
favor of the cause of human freedom. And it is
under the benign influence of this " sagacious and
benevolent restraint" that Indiana has risen so
rapidly, and in so short a time, to, the high posi-
tion she occupies as a member of this mighty
Confederacy. It is to this ordinance chiefly, that
her people are indebted for their wealth, their
intelligence, and commanding virtues. Is it then
to become a matter of wonder or astonishment
thather people, thus educated and elevated, should
ardently desire to see the residue of the territory
of the West consecrated to freedom ? or that they
should feel a fixed determination to use all con-
stitutional and lawful means to prevent the ex-
tension of slavery ? But this question continued
to be urged upon the attention of Congress, and
reports were subsequently made for and against
it. In November, 1807, the whole matter was
finally disposed of in both Houses of Congress.
A memorial from the Territorial Legislature,
with an able remonstrance from the citizens of
Clark county, were referred, on the 7th of No-
vember, to aspecial committee of the Senate. Six
days after, Mr. Franklin, a Senator from North
Carolina, chairman of the committee, reported as
follows:
" Resolved, That it is not expedient, at this time, to sus-
pend the sixth article of the compact for the government
of the Territory of the United States northwest of the river
Ohio."
This report was concurred in by the Senate on
the 17th day of November, and on the same day,
a similar report was made in the House; and here
the matter rested. Thus, sir, I have briefly traced
the histoiy of the movements of the people on
this question, so far as the citizens of my own
State were concerned.
Mr. Chairman, how much time, trouble, and
anxiety, as well as bitter feeling and excitement,
! might have been avoided, in Congress and out of
j t, if this new interpretation had obtained, and
j ibeen understood in that day.
| The various committees of the Senate and
' House, instead of discussing the question and
making elaborate reports for and against the
prayers of the memorialists, might have settled
the whole controversy by simply informing those
interested that the sixth article of the ordinance
had " ceased to remain a law;" that "its opera-
tion as such was absolutely superseded by the
Constitution," that all its " provisions were extin-
guished;" and therefore they were at liberty to
! introduce servile labor into the Territory, and
, hold slaves at their pleasure.
j But let us now examine the history of this ques-
tion a little further in connection with the pos-
itive legislation of the country; and see whether
any Congress has ever regarded the ordinance in
j any of its parts as either "superseded" or "ex-
tinguished by the Constitution." And here I,
assert that every act of Congress under the Con-
| stitution, relating to the division and organization
| of the different parts of the Northwestern Terri-
, tory, recognized the existence of this ordinance
and enforced its provisions. To sustain this posi-
tion, I call the attention of the committee to the
following proviso in the act authorizing the people
, of Ohio to form a constitution and State govern-
| ment, approved April 30, 1802. It is as follows:
1 " That the same shall be republican, and not repugnant
to the ordinance of the 13th of July, 1787, between the ori-
ginal States and the people and States of the territory north-
I west of the river Ohio."
j Further, in the act of April 16,1816, prepara-
tory to the admission of Indiana into the U nion,
Congress declares, that the Government " shall
; be republican, and not repugnant to those articles
; of the ordinance of the 13 th of July, 1787, which are
■ declared to be 'irrevocable between the original
States and the people and States of the territory
northwest of the river Ohio."
j Again, as late as 1836, I find Congress using
! the following language in the act organizing the j
Territory of Wisconsin:
" That the inhabitants of the said Territory shall be en-
titled to and enjoy all and singular the rights, privileges, and I
advantages granted and secured to the people of the ter-
ritory of the United States northwest of the river Ohio by
the articles of compact contained in the ordinance-tbr the
government of the said territory, passed the 13th day of
July, 1787 ; and shall he subject to all the conditions, re-
strictions, and prohibitions in said articles of compact
imposed on the people of the said territory."
Thus, Mr. Chairman, we have shown that all
the legislation of the country, from the first ses-
sion of Congress under the Constitution, down
to 1836, in reference to the Northwest Territory,
embracing its division and subdivisions, until
every part was clothed with sovereign power as
independent States, recognized the existence of
this ordinance and enforced its provisions.
Permit me now to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the views entertained and ably expressed
by a very distinguished gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] who, it appears, entertains a differ-
ent opinion from that expressed by the President
and his legal advisor. In a lecture delivered by
this gentleman in Boston on the 26th of January
last, he says:
" That ordinance was adopted on the 13th day of July,
1787, before the adoption of the Constitution. It purported
on its face to be a perpetual compact between the State of
Virginia, the people of that Territory, and the then Govern-
ment of the United States. It was unalterable except by
the consent of all the parties ; when Congress met for the
first time under the new Government on the 4th day of
March, 1789, it found the government established by virtue
of this ordinance in actual operation; and on the 7th of
August, 1789, it passed an act making the offices of Gov-
ernor and Secretary of the Territory conform to the Federal
Constitution. It did nothing more; it made no reference to
it took no action upon, the sixth and last section of the ordi-
nance, which prohibited slavery. The division of that Ter-
ritory was provided for in the ordinance; at each division the
whole of the ordinance was assigned to each of its parts."
And this opinion he has recently expressed
! more fully in the Senate; and while I differ with
him in his conclusions drawn from the facts thus
ably presented, I fully agree with him that the
ordinance retained all its vitality after the adop-
tion of the Constitution, and was "unalterable,
except by the consent of all the parties."
Now let us take another view of this question,
and, for the sake of argument, suppose that the
President and his Attorney are right. Then, I
ask, what was there to prevent the introduction of
I slavery into the Northwest Territory ? We have
! shown before, that the Legislative Council, with
many of the citizens of Indiana, desired it, yet
they did not introduce it. Slaveholders did not
go there. And why? What insuperable barrier
existed to prevent them from gratifying their de-
sire and carrying out their wish ? If the citizens
of the Territories have the right note to regulate
their " own domestic institutions," independent
of Congress, surely they had the same right and
power then.
What impassable gulf was there to prevent the
citizens of Virginia and Kentucky from taking
possession of the soil, and cultivating it by4' ser-
vile labor?" Were they deterred by the lifeless
carcass of an " extinguished" ordinance? Such
an idea would not be a very high compliment to
the " brave hunters of Kentucky," or the bold
and fearless pioneers of the western forests. If
it was not this, what was it? Slavery was pro-
hibited—but how ? I answer, that it was either
by a recognition, on the part of all the people, of
the existing, binding force of all the provisions of
the ordinance itself, or by direct intervention on
the part of Congress under the Constitution, in
its various enactments for the organization of
territorial governments. If it was the latter, then
it follows that Congress recognized the power to
legislate on the subject of slavery in the Territo-
ries, which they uniformly continued to do until
every part of the territory was organized and ad-
mitted into the Union as sovereign, independent
States. If it was the former, then all subsequent
legislation was designed simply to recognize and
enforce the ordinance according to its true and
original intent and meaning. My view of the
whole question is, that the ordinance continued
to exist, and possessed vitality in itself, as fully
and completely after the adoption of the Constitu-
tion as before its adoption; and that Congress
possessed the power to enforce it—a power not
derived from the ordinance,but from the Consti-
tution. And further: that the same power which
enforced the sixth article of the ordinance in one
part of our Territory, can also extend it to any
and every other Territory of the United States.
