1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vm
Mr. TOOMBS. The statement to which I
alluded shows $18,000,000 appropriated for inter-
nal improvements.
Mr. CASS. I have before me the table to
which I referred. Ohio could not have received
for rivers and harbors half the sum stated by the
Senator.
Mr. PUGH. Not one third.
Mr. WADE. I have before me a statement,
from which it appears that the appropriations on
all the lakes for improvements of this descrip-
tion have been $2,884,125.
Mr. TOOMBS. The authority on which I
made my statement is exactly the same authority
on which you are voting millions of dollars every
day—Colonel Abert's report, giving every appro-
priation, its date, and the President who signed
it. It is as good authority as that which is used
here to pass these bills.
Mr. CASS. According to the table before me, the
appropriations for these purposes on the Atlantic
States, including $30,000 for California, amount
to |5,161,117; for the Mississippi and its tributa-
ries, §3,479,971; for the lakes, $3,110,183. This
is for river and harbor improvements. It does
not touch roads and canals, like the Louisville
and Portland, and the Chesapeake and Delaware
canal, which would, perhaps, swell the amount
to a much larger sum; but these are the appro-
priations for river and harbor improvements.
Mr. TOOMBS. The statement to which I
allude was one showing the internal improvements
made by the General Government. Even the
river and harbor statement, now made by the
Senator from Michigan, is a complete answer to
the Senator from Ohio. According to this state-
ment, over §6,000,000 have been appropriated for
the lakes and the western rivers; but the Senator
from Ohio spoke of the Atlantic coast as having
been studded with improvements from the begin-
ning of the Government. If I understood the
Senator's statement, there were but $3,000,000
appropriated for the Atlantic coast, §3,000,000
for the lakes, and $3,000,000 for the rivers—twice
as much for the lakes and rivers as for the Atlan-
tic.
Mr. PUGH. Five million dollars for the At-
lantic.
Mr. TOOMBS. But over six million dollars
for the lakes and rivers.
Mr. CASS. The statement is over five million
dollars for the Atlantic.
Mr. TOOMBS. But even according to those
statistics the appropriations for the western lakes
and rivers exceed those for the Atlantic; and
therefore the Senator from Ohio is completely
answered, even by the statement of the Senator
from Michigan, which I by no means indorse.
Mr. PUGH. I beg the Senator's pardon. Let
him stick to his proposition. He said the State
of Ohio had received more than three million dol-
lars appropriated to her for public improvement.
I say the statement is without foundation. I have
no doubt the Senator has found it somewhere;
but I can demonstrate that there is no foundation
for it.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator has jumped nearly
§500,000. I said that,accordmgto Colonel Abert's
report, jy,600,000 had been appropriated to inter-
nal improvements in Ohio down t& 1845. The
Senator states it at $3,000,000. Let us under-
stand one another as we go along, and prevent
all difficulty hereafter.
Mr. PUGH. I say that it is a misstatement.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no doubt that it is cor-
rect, and I have given my authority. I have
looked over the items, and 1 have no doubt each
one is truly stated. Prom my information and
knowledge of the history of the Government—and
1 have studied it closely oil this subject—I think
eveiy dime set down m this statement has been
actually expended for internal improvements—for
roads, "riveis, and harbors in the State of Ohio.
Of that 1 have no doubt, but I will bring the doc.
uinent here m the morning and show it. It is all
official report from Colonel Abert, the present
head of the bureau of topography of the engi-
neers. Statements may b#very easily got to suit
the case, and that is the reason why so many of
them are presented to the Senate.
I have said, sir, that my Constituents have not
sought to live by means of this Government.
Whatever may have been our poverty, we have
at least preserved our honor. We have not been
mendicants at the public Treasury. We have
not sought the aid of Government in our pur-
suits—no bounties, no prohibitions, no protec-
tions. We have done our own internal improve-
ments. We have not, like New York, sought to
have $2,000,000 pf-r annum of the public money
taken from your Treasury to diminish their own
foreign postage. We have not aided this system
of favoritism to particular pursuits and employ-
ments, and which is as destructive to the hard-
working and honest men who live by tilling the
ground in Ohio and New Hampshire, as in
Georgia; but, then, the newspapers have had
command of public opinion in the North. They
have come here with their agencies, and we know
how these things are done. Some men will go
to the West, and stick down a squatter at a place
where there is an indentation of the lakes. This
process is going on all through the Northwest.
Lands are withheld from market to defraud the
Government, and for the benefit, as is said, of
actual settlers, but, in truth, of local speculators,
who get squatters to settle on them. They will
stick them at an indentation of the lakes; and
then the next thing is to come to Washington city,
and see his Senator or member, and get borers to
work to have an appropriation for a harbor. He
say&, "If this place is eleaned out, here will be
§50,000 expended, and that will make a pretty
sharp town alone." It will at least start the
town, and keep it up long enough to sell out lots.
They then lure the mercenary controllers of
newspapers (New York is a good place to find
them) to write up the town, to come here and set
up establishments, give entertainments, and sell
what they call congressional influence. I trust
they have none to sell; but they pretend to have
it, and they sell it under the idea that they own
votes. In this way schemes of peculation on the
public Treasury are carried out. We see them
here in this city constantly. They can well
afford to spend money. They can well afford to
give entertainments. They can well afford to
do favors by which they gain votes. They
carry on their business publicly. I do not know
whom they control. I hope to God they do not
control anybody, but they say they do, and peo-
ple employ them under the idea that they do; so
that, according to the common opinion of the
public, the Treasury is sold. There is but one
remedy for this stale of things—confine your ap-
propriations to purposes constitutional, and there-
fore really national. Then all this will cease;
there will be no need of it; but it will continue so
long as you make appropriations through favor-
itism for particular places, or for personal or local
objects. The system is inherently vicious—bad;
these evils naturally flow from it, and can only
be remedied by its total abandonment. Now,
even the appointment of a committee becomes an
important matter, and we have seen through the
newspapers that it was proved in the House of
Representatives that inducements were held out
to a member tor his vote, that he might make a
"good thing" by being appointed on a certain
committee. The nation understood it perfectly; i
all this, I say, results from this system. You j
may take all pure, all upright, all patriotic men ,
in the councils of the nation, and if you adopt this 1
system of lavish expenditure of the public money :
on personal job and personal schemes, departing 1
from the great landmarks, you will bring the '
national councils into contempt. Senators know j
that now to be a member of Congress does not im- !
ply respectability. I know men among rny own j
constituents who are averse to public employment'
for that very reason. And 1 know well that 1
some are here now, only because great interests S
are coming to a head. They feel that there is a i
future to which it is their duty to look, and in j
which is bound up all thatis valuable to them, to j
their countrymen, and to posterity. . j
If you levied the public money equally and ;
justly on the whole country, and put the linlim-1
ited power of expending it in a majority, I say j
there are not the men who ever lived; there is not >
the government that ever existed; there is not a j
body, political, ecclesiastical, or of any other sort, |
that would not be unjust. Look at what we have i
seen in the United States within the last ten years, j
There was a great body of people in this country j
who called themselves Christians—the Methodist ||
church of the United States. They had collected i|
a large fund for the support of their old, wornottt j|
preacWters, and for the benefit, of their wives, and
children when they ^ere dead, and for oth,e^
common purposes. They had.sent up and d.owix
the world gathering it together, and, finally, a
great contest arose among them, whether a c^r?
tain bis.hop who lived in my State should own $
negro or not. A majority determined that he wa_s
too closely allied to the institution tq njafce it
politic for him to act as a bishop of souls; a ilivis-;
ion was the consequence of the uproar; and, forth-
with a majority seized the entire fund. Thesg,
Christian people did what wouli} -have'been ex-
pected of outlaws, but not. of Christians. They
\yenj, in the main, an upright body of Chrisr
tians; but, as a body, they were unjust and un-
christian. Tha,t will be the case in all bodies ancj
all governments.that claim unlimited pou;er over
the things of others. I suppose the.se people are
as good as the average; I am not speaking to theij
discredit; but I say that, a^ a, general rule, the.
morality of any body of men, acting as a whole,
is apt to be below that of the worst man in it.
The humiliating spectacle was. exhibited of the
intervention of a court of justice, to compel a
religious bod,y to divide fairly the common fundi
of a Christian church.
This instance shows the impossibility of voting
out with justice a common fund anywhere on th§
face of the earth where there are conflicting
interests; therefore our fathers said they woul.tt
not give this power to Congress; therefore they
refused to give the power to make internal im-
provements; therefore they refused to give it in
canals, or in any shape, because they knew there
was not only difficulty in the disbursement of
money when honestly attempted, but they sa\y
the impossibility of doing it fairly.
What will be the case here ? My constituents,
and a large portion of the southern States, are
exporters. We. sent out of our borders la§t year
about two hundred millions of dollars' worth of
the unprotected products of our industry. ' We
manufacture but little; ours are mainly agricul-
tural products. The New England States went
into the business of manufacturing and navigation
because they had no other way to make a living.
They had a hard, poor, and unpropitioussoil, and
it was honorable to their industry that they turned
their attention to these pursuits. The fact is,
however, that they come here and have always
demanded protection for their industry. They
never raised an arm, they never struck a blow
upon iron or upon wood, nor in the manufactory
nor in the workshop, without the direct protection
and bounty of the Federal Government. They
demanded it of the First Congress and have clam-
ored for it ever since. We send abroad the fruits
of our own industry without the bounty of the
Government. We want none. We have asked
for none. But when we look to foreign markets
for our goods, they are taxed when they come in,
and the Government gets this tax.
When we look to northern manufacturers for
the articles we want, we are there taxed also, and
this tax does not go into the common treasury,
but is a bounty to their labor. Our labor—the
very life-blood—is being drawn out of us by the
operations of this Government, which will always
exist in every country of the world that levies'
heavy taxes on one portion to expend them on '
another. Then, we are tauntingly told that we
are poor; that we have not aright to equality in
the Union; that we are to be driven out of the
common territory. We are told that the North
has a right to govern the whole country; that she
has become great. Great—-how ? Great by this
system; great by living oh the Government; and
they are just as clamorous to this day as the most
outrageous beggars you can meet in the holy city
of Rome, or the lazzaroni of Naples. Day after
day, arid hour after hour, we are beset by their
clamors for money from the public Treasury.
They do not represent the honest people of the
North, the patriotic people of the North, but
they bring reproach upon all such, who should
look to it and correct it.
Sir, I tell you, for one, upon my responsibility
as an American Senator, that the system cannot
exist by my consent, and the system cannot con-
tinue if I have any power to arouse freemen to
vindicate rights. It must end; it can only end
peaceably and without ruin to the Republic, by
the union of just men all over the Union to over-
throw it, and its aiders and abettors.
