THE CON&RES&0$AL 6LO&&
January 10.
,2Sfavy5to recall' all its commissions, and farm it
out' by contract. 1 may be mistaken, but that is
the impression which a speech, made by the hon-
orable Senator some years ago, (and I have not
-referred to it to refresh my memory,) made on
• my mind at that d&y-. If 'he was the friend of
-the Navy .at that time, he conducted his friend-
ship in so ingenious a manner as to impress on
the entire naval service the conviction that the
-great arch-enemy of the Navy was the Senator
from New Hampshire. But, sir, whether he
occupied that position or not is not material now;
, the question is, whether the remedy which he
proposes be a correct one.
When the bill under which *the naval board
acted was reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs of this body, it contained no provision for
dropping officers; nor did it allude in any manner
to an inquiry as to "whether incompetency had
been produced by any cause blamable in the
officers themselves. The bill, as it was sent to
the House of Representatives from this body,
was a very brief and a very comprehensive one.
Those who were here last session know ve*y well
the feelings of the House of Representatives at
that time on naval reform. No gentleman here
knows the difficulties in the way of naval reform
bettor than the Senator from New Hampshire
himself, and none has attacked the Navy more
fiercely. When that bill was pending in the
Hfduse,it was impossible to get any reform, unless
the Senate concurred in ingrafting on the bill a
power to drop officers from the list. So deeply
was the House of Representatives convinced of
the necessity of reform, that 1 was assured by the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs of
that body, [Mr. Bocock,] that unless such a
power was ingrafted on the bill, we might not
look for any reform; and then I sought, as a
member of the committee, to obtain for those
who might be dropped under the provision of the
House of Representatives, twelve months pay;
but that was refused, because it seemed to be a
foregone conclusion in the House thai, there wore
not only officers, but numerous officers, in the
Navy who deserved no consideration of this
kind.
Well, sir, the bill, in the shape in which it
stands on the statute-book, passed the House of
Representatives by a two thirds vote, after amost
full and careful examination of its features, and
after the fiercest onslaughts upon it. The vote
upon its passage in this bodv was almost unan-
imous. Now, what is the character of the bill?
The Senator from New Hampshire, and the Sen-
ator from Tennessee, seem to regard those gen-
tlemen who have been affected by the bill as
dishonored and disgraced. I was very much
surprised to find that names were introduced at
all—and above all the name of the distinguished
gentleman who is at the bead of the National Qb-
tfe  vatury—as evidence of the sacriiicingcharactcr
of the bill. Why, sir, if the gentlemen who com-
posed the naval board needed any defense what-
ever—i hold that as yet they need leme; their
own characters are sufficient to protect them from
the inuendoes thrown outhere—but if they needed
any, it is to be found in the fact  *,
Mr. MASON, I understood the Senator to
say a reference had been made to the ea.^e of the
officer who presides over the Obser valor v\
Mr. MALLORY. I did not refer to what was
said by the Senator from Virginia. I spoke of
what I heard from the other Side of the Chamber.
Mr. MASON. I understood the Senator to
refer to what had been said of Lieutenant Maury,
"with the view of showing the sacrificing spirit of
the board.
Air. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. M AfeON. I referred to the case only as
an instance of what 1 conceived to be a misinter-
pretation of the law.
Mr. MALLOIi. i . I did not refer to what was
said by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator did not refer to
what the Senator from Virginia said, i suppose
lie referred to what I said; and if so, he made a
great mistake, for I did not name the officer to
whom he has cdluded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Nor did I.
Mr. MALLOII\ . It was asserted on the other
side of the Chamber that there was some ques-
tion about the sea service which the gentleman
at the head of the Observatory had performed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator from
Louisiana mentioned his name.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 was about to remark
that if the board needed any defense at all—if it
needed any evidence of the fact that it sought
fearlessly to do its duty—it may be found in
the fact that it felt itself constrained to retire
that particular gentleman. Has any dishonor
reached him? Has any dishonor reached the
venerable commodore who is at the head of the
list for his retirement? Is there not a period in
the professional life of every officer when his
physical energies fail, and when he is no longer
competent to perform all his duties at sea or on
shore? Is there any dishonor in maintaining a
noble commodore at the head of the Philadelphia
navy-yard? Is there any dishonor attached to
the gentleman who, although retired by the board,
has been retained at the head of one of the bu-
reaus of the Navy Department?
Why, sir, the bill of the last Congress is the
most liberal provision that any Government on
earth has ever made for its naval officers. There is
no naval service on the globe which has treated its
officers with that degree of liberality with which
our Government has dealt with its officers under
that bill. The captains who are retired under its
provisions with half pay find their way through
life smoothed for them. In our country, twenty-
five hundred dollars a year, with no draft on their
services by their country, is not to be considered
a small item. Retirement does not cany with it
disgiucc. The bill itself contemplates no such
thing. Nor should those who have been dropped
for incompetency blamable in itself consider it a
disgrace. Why, sir, if a man has been wounded
in a duel, it is incompetency brought about by
himself, but it does not carry disgrace.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Y/ill the honor-
able gentleman ailo<v me to ask lum a question?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES. I have been catcchizcd a great
deal, and now 1 wish to ask a question. Our
object in this case, I presume, is to get at the facts.
The honorable Senator from Florida has said that
allusion was made to the distinguished gentleman
at the head of the Observatory. Those remarks
were made by the SenatorfromLouisiann in reply
to the remarks made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. The Senate^ from Floridatakes that case,
and that of the distinguished Commodore Stew-
art, and asks whether there is any dishonor
attached to them. No,sji\ Whv? Because every
man in the United States knows the assumed
ground on winch they were retired. One was
from being old and antiquated, the other from
having icceived an injury in the leg.
Mr. MALLORY. I did not say that. I am
one who has not framed the cause.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The world know
it, if they know anything that the board did.
I wish now to put a question to my friend. Will
he be so kind as to tell me on what ground A.
D. Uarrold, of Tennessee, was dismissed ? He
weighs two hundred and twenty five pounds, and
is one of the stoutest men I ever saw, and prob-
ably as gnat a man, intellectually, as the Sec-
retary of the Navy himself. Upon what ground
was he discharged? Was it for felony ' Will he
be so kind as to Ml me, further, on what trround
was S. Chase Barney discharged? Y/iil lie in-
form me why Lieutenant "Washington A. Part-
lett was dropped—a very competent m.m physic-
ally and intellectually? What great crime have
i these gentlemen committed? Everyone knows
that it coukl not be for any physical or intellectual
defect. Then we are left to infer that it must
have been for some moral obliquity; and these
gentlemoi lie under the suspicion of every man
who chooses to interpret for himself the action
of the board; and under that you may charge
them wifh felony or anything you please. That
is what 1 complain of.
Mr. MALLORY. It is somewhat remarkable
that the Senator from Tennessee should put such
questions to me. I might ask him in return,
why, when he voted for tins bill, he did not
seek to ingraft on it a pi o vision, that the cause
of objection to every individual should have been
furnished him? I might ask him that and other
questions, if I chose. As a matter of course, I
am unable to tell the ground on which these gen-
tlemen have been dismissed from the Navy,
because I have never conversed with a single
member of the naval board. I do not know that
they kept any record; I doubt whether they did;
and, of course, I am perfectly incompetent to
fins^ver-what were the causes which operated on
their minds.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope my friend
from Florida will ask the question that he inti-
mated his intention to put to me. If he does, I
shall answer it with a great deal of pleasure.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the board
provided for* by the law of the last session was
composed of fifteen officers. It was anunthank-
ful task .for each one. I know the fact that some
of those who wore ordered to serve on the board
were exceedingly anxious to avoid the duty.
They felt it to be a very unpleasant one, and they
did not desire to engage in it. The Senator from
Tennessee, however, travels somewhat out of his
way in not only attacking the results of the action
of the board, But in declaring that it requires a
very great amount of charity on his pait to pre-
clude him from attacking their motives also I will
not comment on that.
Sir, as to the question of law which lies at the
basis of this inquiry, and to which I have before
alluded, 1 trust, that when the matter comes to be
discussed in full, it maybe answered. When
the opponents of the bill can show me any con-
stitutional prohibition upon the President and
Congress to dismiss, at any time, their employes
who hold their offices at the will of the Execu-
tive, I shall be ready to change my opinion.
When they shall prove to me that a naval officer
in this respect differs from any other officer;
when they show me that the naval officers of
1855 have different rights in this respect from the
Army officers of 1815, who were set aside; or
when they show me that thereis any constitution-
al prohibition upon the removal of officers, i. may
change my opinion. But I hold, sir, that Con-
gress and the President may disband the entire
Slavy. The Senator from New Hampshire cer-
tainly thought so at one period—not only the
whole of it, but any part of it.
This board was merely advisory. The philos-
ophy of the bill seemed to be that, whether an
officer deserved to be retired or not, if he occupied
such a position among his peers that m their
judgment he ought to be retired, it was better
for the honor and interests of the country that he
should be retired. Another item in the philoso-
phy of the bill was that it was better t"o trust the
purgation of the Navy to the Navy itself than to
any political power; that, if the Navy itself
could not be trusted with its own purification, no
political power could be trusted with it. A safe-
guard was thrown around this trust, by not des-
ignating any particular officers in the law, but
leaving the selection of them to the man who ^
stood in an impartial attitude, and whose only
bias was to secure the Navy the greatest possible
efficiency—the Secretary of the Navy. Here I
may say, that when he designated the officers to
compose that board, tlieie came up "from all parts
of the country one universal acclamation m favor
of his action. Some of the very men who have
been operated upon by the board were the first
to give in their adhesion to the constitution of
the board.
Although I have thus defended the board, I
have no doubt (and I rose partly for the purpose
of saying) that cases of hardship and of injustice
may have arisen. Boards are not infallible, and
for that reason the approving power was given
to the President of the United States. That of
course implied a power to disapprove, and an ex-
amination before doing either.
Sir, let not the charges of the honorable Sena-
tors from Tennessee and New Hampshire rest on
the board, hut on the law itself. If the law had
contemplated such a court-martial as seems to be
regarded here; if it had provided that officers \
should be called up individually, and compelled ;
to answer chargcs and confront witnesses, it /
could never have got my vote, because I might \
have known, as every Senator knows who has ^
any knowledge on the subject, that we might sit ^
here for ten years and never arrive at the conclu- \
sion of such a court. I would have known, too,
that the inefficiency of officers arises from various
causes, on which no specific charge can be framed.
An officer that has tried to evade his sea duties
for years, who, in the language of "the Senator
from New Hampshire, has made Pcansylvama
