198
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Robison.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. Chairman, having said all that I conceive
it necessary now.to say in reference to the North-
west Territory, I leave it to the committee and the
country to determine whether the facts presented
do not fully sustain the conclusion to which I
have come, in opposition to the views of the Pres-
ident; also, the additional conclusion, that Con-
gress has not only recognized, but uniformly ex-
ercised, the power to prohibit the introduction of
slavery into the Territories.
In reference to the decisions of the Supreme
Court, alluded to by the Attorney General,! shall
take great pleasure in examining them when they
are presented.
I now desire to call the attention of the com- j
mittee, very briefly, to some of the subsequent j
acquisitions of Territory by the United States, f
and the action of Congress in reference to them, j
for the purpose of showing a further recognition j
of the power of prohibition. j
In 1790 that portion of country now comprising '
the State of Tennessee was ceded to the united
States by the State of North Carolina. At the
close of the fifth condition in the deed of cession
is the following proviso:
" Provided always, That no regulations made, or to be
made, by Congress shall tend to emancipate slaves."
Now, the question which naturally arises here
is, if Congress had never " made" any regula-
tions to prohibit slavery, and if it possessed no
power to make such regulations, why did North
Carolina make this condition in her deed of ces-
sion ? The answer is, that she recognized the
power, and knew that the principles of the United
States Government were hostile to the extension
of slavery; and that the power would probably be
exercised in this case; therefore, she determined
to restrain it by express and positive stipulations.
And Congress by accepting this condition did not
surrender or disavow its power, but on the
grounds of expediency yielded to the request of
North Carolina; and the Representatives of the
free States, always recognizing the binding force
of solemn compacts between sovereign States
and the United States, subsequently carried it out
in good faith in the territorial organization of
Tennessee.
The actof Congress, approved March 26,1804,
for the government of the Territory of Orleans,
shows in a very especial manner the deep solici-
tude of Congress to prohibit the extension of
slavery, and its abhorrence of the slave trade.
The tenth section declares as follows:
®£a." n?' be lawful for any person or persons to im-
I*?'Ior b"nf.in.to the Territory, from any port or place
the 'units of tlie United States, or cause or procure
to be so imported or brought, or knowingly to aid or assist 1
msounpomng or bringing any slave or slaves."   * *:
nr hS • ia^',iJr ai)' Person or persons to import [
the H rnftlfn? fh fromany port or place within
the limits of the United States, or cause or procure to be so
imported or brought, or knowingly to aid or assist in go im-
^"l0rHr,rI'g,nganly 8lave « wh^h sCll have
been imported since the 1st day of May, 1798, into anv uort
or place within the limits of the United SmToHS
may hereafter be so imported, from any place without the
Km.te of the United States." * * * * «^d no slave
diTCt'y °r indirt;?t|y>be introduced into said
Territory, except by a citizen of the United States remov-
Sl tTmpTr I?t0ry f0r ?ctual settlement, and being at
OTslavea." removal bona fide owner of such slave
This act prohibits the importation of slaves
from without the United States, the migration
from the States of such slaves as had been im-
m,t0 an? of t5le States after the 1st of May,
1798, and restricts the migration of such slaves
as had been born in the United States to the
owners, and to the actual settlers of the
■territory. And this law provides for the free-
dom of slaves that should be brought into the
Territory m violation of its provisions, and im-
poses a heavy penalty on all who should violate
. ft W1'11 ^ observed that this law is retrospect-
ive, and embraces a class of persons who had
been in the United States nearly six years, and
were in the possession of citizens of the various
States, and were held under the laws of the State
where they resided as property; and yet, while
Congress says, impliedly, you may hold them as
such m the States, you shall not take them into
this Territory.
Here we have a most striking instance of con-
gressional interference and prohibition, not only
of " importation" from without, but of " migra-
tion" mthin, the United States. My conclusion,
therefore, is, that the same power which prohib-
ited the introduction into the Territories of im-
ported slaves, can also prohibit the migration into
the same Territories of those born in the United
States.
Mr. Chairman, I am deeply sensible of the im-
portance and delicacy of this whole question; and
feeling a deep solicitude for the welfare of my
country, I am not indifferent to the feelings ex-
cited, and the sensations produced, by its discus-
sion. But as the question is forced upon us by the
, President, it must be met; and we owe it to every
part of the country to meet it fairly, openly, and
i firmly. And while I would not utter a word, or
I indulge a feeling detrimental to the constitutional
rights and privileges of any portion of the inhab-
itants of any section of the Union, yet, with my
understanding of the purposes and designs of the
framers of our Government, and guided by the
example and precedents of the fathers of the Re- !
public, I take my stand firmly and unwaveringly j
on the broad ground of constitutional opposition ,
to the extension of slavery; and having witnessed 1
the benign influences and happy effects of the
ordinance of '87 on the happiness and prosperity,
intelligence and virtue, of the citizens of the States
formed from the Territories to which it was ori-
ginally applied, I shall, on all occasions, give my
influence and voice in favor of its extension in
form or substance to all our Territories, and thus
secure a free soil to be cultivated by free men,
according to the principles of the Declaration of
Independence, the Constitution of the Govern-
ment, the legislation of the country, and the de-
signs of the fathers of our glorious Republic.
Mr. Chairman, there is another phase of the
genera] question of slavery, not directly embraced
in the message now before the committee, which
I propose to discuss at some future time. It is
what is so frequently spoken of as the nationality
of slavery. This claim to nationality is based on
what is recognized as the universal law of prop-
erty. The argument is, that, inasmuch as a cit-
izen of Georgia has a right to carry his property,
such as horses, sheep, and oxen, his farming
; utensils, and household goods, into any State of
j the Union, and claim the protection of the law;
i so he has the same right to take his slaves into
any State, hold them at pleasure, and then claim
! the aid of the law for his protection. The result
j of this policy would be to carry slavery into
, every State of this Union, and to subvert and
destroy the whole machinery of our free institu-
tions. Are those who advocate this principle
( aware of one consequence which would follow
its establishment? and are they prepared to meet
it? The power and jurisdiction of the national
.Legislature extend to all national questions. Make
slavery national, and you bring it within that
jurisdiction; and Congress must take cognizance
of it wherever it exists, and may legislate in ref-
erence to it, according to their own will and pleas-
ure. And the adoption of this policy would be
destructive of the well-established and univer-
sally-recognized principle, that Congress possesses
no power to interfere with, or legislate on, the
subject, as it now exists, sectionally, in a portion
of the States of this Union.
l^ua merely stated the question, and
snail hold myself in readiness to meet it at anv
future time.
KANSAS contested election.
SPEECH OF HON. D. F. ROBISON,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the Hocse of Representatives,
March 17,1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. ROBISON said:
Mr. Speaker: During the discussion of this
question, I had intended to have spoken at some
length upon the issues involved; but when I per-
ceive a disposition on both sides of the House to
i^L FreV1jUS 1uestion> and dose the debate,
1 deem it prudent to abandon ail the points raised
j exccpt the legal ones, to which I will now turn
i my attention; and I promise this House I shall
not annoy them with the length of my remarks,
! if I do not with the character and style of them,
in the positions I shall take, and the arguments I
shall submit. I know that it is much" easier to
( speak of the blessings of freedom, and the curses
j of slavery, than to argue a legal proposition,
I when few facts can be adduced, and fancy and
j rhetoric are left entirely in the background,
j But 1 shall confine myself to three points alone,
! and in my opinion there are hut three, although
others have indulged in the license usually gran ted
to congressional orators—a license almost equal to
that of the poet in the loftiest and wildest stretch
of his imagination.
In the first place, has Congress power to send
for persons and papers? In the second, is it ex-
pedient to do so ? And the chief and third point is
the relative legal position of the parties.
Now, in reference to the power to summon and
enforce the attendance of witnesses to testify
before the Committee of Elections, the negative
has not been strongly urged; and one or two gen-
tlemen at least on the opposite side have admit-
ted that power to exist in this body. I think, for
myself, that there is such a power inherent in
Congress—absolutely vested—and that it should
be exercised now, even if it never had been dono
before.
It is said to be a legal maxim, that wherever
there is a wrong there is a remedy. If one man
enters into a contract with another, and fails to
! perform its conditions, the law will coerce every
stipulation, and require him to stand by his cov-
enants, and perform all his legal promises. If
one neighbor defrauds another, either by false
j tokens or false pretenses, the law will puuish him
1 for his guilt, and hold him responsible for his
moral defections. Even the lex talionis of the
dark ages, when civil society was unsettled, this
fundamental principle was recognized and acted
upon by the semi-barbarians of the middle centu-
ries. Now, if this be true, we have a good start-
ing-point. Somebody has been wronged here.
Either the sitting Delegate from Kansas has been
wronged by having his seat contested from day
to day, and his mind kept in a state of agitation
and suspense during the whole session; or the
contestant has been wronged by having his seat
withheld from him, if he is legally entitled to
occupy it. But, perhaps, there is still a greater
injury. The people of Kansas have sent two
Delegates to represent them here, when they are
but legally entitled to one; and one branch or the
other of that population must be wronged in the
present position of affairs. Now, who is to
remedy this evil, and arrange this difficulty. We
i cannot send to the Supreme Court for a writ to
dispossess the one, and give the other his place.
We cannot call upon the President for a file of
soldiers to drive from this Hall the one or the
0 i?er°* ^or can we> like Cromwell, use any
other force than that which is prescribed by the
law and the Constitution. Then, if the remedy
is with us, we must have all the facts, and all the
evidence that can be adduced, before we can be
expected to vote intelligently or to act honestly
in the premises. The truth must be ascertained,
either by direct and positive testimony, or through
the agency of a commissioner. I cannot vote
upon newspaper report. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Smith] the other day intimated to
tne gentleman from Maine [Mr. w ashbcrn] that
it was improper to construe the official conduct
of the chief Executive upon newspaper rumor;
and perhaps he was right; and if so, how can I
be expected to vote on this serious question with
; no other or better testimony ?
i Again, as to the expediency of sending for
i persons and papers, is it prudent to .give this
power to the Committee of Elections ?
I say it is. The very discussion which has
taken place in this House shows it. The excited
state of the community, North and South, proves
it; and the official acts of Governors of States,
free and slave, say to us, in language too plain to
IPI®und®rstood, that this difficulty ought to be
settled, and settled soon. Have we not heard,
during this debate, that blood has been shed in
Kansas for political differences, and that blood
fraternal, too; and have you not heard the charge
