1856,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
m
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Robison.
Ho. op Reps.
that the guilt was here and not there—each side
asseverating that the blame was with the other—
and neither willing to bear the responsibility
of this violation of municipal law and common
humanity that has been enacted in that infant
Territory. Has it not been admitted on this
floor, that societicsand leagues have been formed,
and are being organized, to aid the people of
Kansas to resist their organic law; and of others
in contemplation to maintain it? Has not the
North said, there is no vitality in the enactments
of that Territorial Legislature; and has not the
South just as stoutly claimed for them all the
full force and effect of the enactments of a sove-
reign State ? All over the country this excitement
prevails; and even Governors of States on both
sides have entered the arena, and recommended
measures that might produce rebellion, and in
the end overthrow this fair fabric for which our
fathers fought and bled, and many of them died.
If things go on as they are now, and have been
going on for the last six months, we will have a
continuation of the excitement, and the storm,
once completely aroused, it will be hard to allay.
Is it not right and proper that we should settle it,
when it can be done by this very Congress ? I
believe that, if we send for persons and papers,
give both parties a full and fair hearing, and
honestly decide between them, all difficulty will
be at an end. Our people are a law-abiding
people; and when they know the right they will
pursue it, but will never submit to a wrong, until
they are convinced of their error, it be expe-
dient to have peace upon our borden^ it is expe-
dient to take the best plan to bring about this
result, and I know of none better than that pro-
posed by the majority report of your committee.
Again, Mr. Speaker, we have a presidential
campaign just coming on, and it is certainly ex-
pedient that this vexed question should never
enter that always exciting conflict. Let it remain
as it is now, aud you will hear the rights and
wrongs of Kansas spoken from every mountain-
top and deep valley of this mighty land. In the
cities, and towns, and villages of this Republic,
men will endeavor to make political capital out
of this dangerous,element, even at the expense
of all that is sacred and dear that pertains to our
long-cherished and much-valued Democratic in-
stitutions.
Another and evident argument in favor of the
expediency of the resolution offered by the ma-
jority of your committee is the very mention of
fraud. The opposition admits that some illegal
votes may have been cast, both for the first Legis-
lature as well as for the sitting Delegate; while
the other side asserts that the whole territorial
organization was founded in fraud—fraud in
its incipiency, and fraud in its final consumma-
tion; and also quotes, ask matter of law, that what-
ever fraud touches it vitiates and forever destroys.
The amount and number of illegal votes at pres-
ent I cannot know. The legal conclusions of my
friends, and particularly of one of my colleagues,
I cannot consent to. It is very true that, when-
ever fraud touches a contract, it is void in all its
parts, and withoutany legal value or binding force.
Such is not the case with frauds at the ballot-box.
If one man casts an illegal vote at the same poll
where I cast a legal one, I cannot be disfranchised
by his wrong, because I was not a party to it; and
this is the very reason why we should have all
the facts. It may be possible that the fraud was
sufficiently great to overthrow the entire polity
of that new and beautiful Territory; and it may
be that, if the polls were purged of those that were
illegal, abundance of legal ones might be left to
entitle General Whitfield to an undisturbed seat
upon this floor. Atall events,give us the light, and
then we can judge; without it we will grope along in
darkness withouthaving donejustice to ourselves,
or taken one step to settle this unhappy difficulty.
The third—and what I have already said, the
most prominent—question is the legal position of
theparties.
The question of estoppel, as raised by the hon-
orable gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
has been well argued by him, and many other
honorable members of this House; and the posi-
tion taken is this: That Governor Reeder, having
ex officio signed all the territorial bills during his
term, and having consented to the locality of
that Legislature, cannot now object to an election
that took place under an organic law which had
previously received his sanction when in office.
At the first blush this seems to be the case; but
let us see what an estoppel is, and who the par-
ties arc affected by it. An estoppel is simply the
illegal act of a man, of which he cannot afterwards
claim any legal advantage for himself. The follow-
ing is an illustration usually given to exemplify
this dogma of common law: If a man sell a tract
of land for which he had no title, makes a deed
to the purchaser, and receives a good or valuable
consideration for it, and afterwards purchases
the same property from the rightful owner, he is
estopped from holding and enjoying the same by
his first deed, the law not permitting him to take
advantage of his own wrong. Now, apply this
to the present case before us. What power had
the contestant (Governor Reeder) to estop the
people of Kansas from being represented in this
Congress, whatever he may have done ex officio
in the gubernatorial chair long before he was
elected a Delegate from that Territory ? He might
estop himself, but never them. Suppose that a
stranger, instead of A. H. Reeder, were sent here
as the Delegate from Kansas,—he never having
participated in any of their legislative proceed-
ings, nor taken any part in the government of
that Territory,—would any gentleman say that
he was estopped by the conduct of the acting
governor, even if that conduct was illegal ana
void ? Where, then, is the difference ? Whoever
comes here, comes as the representative of the
people, and claims nothing as a personal right;
and, in this matter, we are only bound to look to
the law, (if there is one,) and. not to the person
who may have executed it, whether it be legal or
illegal.
It is a well-founded maxim of law that an agent
cannot bind his principal outside of the power
given to him in his agency; and if the Governor
of Kansas did go outside of the power delegated
to him, how are the people responsible for such
mal-administration, over which they had no power
or control ? and by what mode of special pleading
they are to be deprived of a representative of
their own choice, after the exercise of their legal
rights at the ballot-box, I cannot see. I will
admit, if the whole case is as illegal as it has been
represented here, they might have chosen a better
man; but as morality is no test in Washington,
we are only requirea to look at the law; and by
it the gentleman must either stand or fall. I can-
not see the applicability of estoppel when only
innocent parties are to be affected by it. But,
after all, who is Governor Reeder? The mere
appointee of this Government. He never was the
agent or representative of that people until they
sent him to Congress; and by no act of his in
the former capacity can the free people of what
we hope will be a free Territory be bound in their
elective choice in the slightest degree.
Another legal position is taken by the gentle-
man from Delaware, [Mr. Ccllen,] viz: that the
contestant comes before us as a defendant in a
legal action, having no other plea except that of
nul tiel record. Now, if this were the case, the
whole contest would be at an end; for the sitting
Delegate can and has produced his record, which
is a complete answer. But I would ask the hon-
orable gentleman if, in a judicial proceeding,
when the contest is about the legality of a record,
the defendant has not the right to deny the juris-
diction of the court at the same time that he pleads
the illegality or non-existence of the record ? This
is the position of Governor Reeder. He admits
that the sitting Delegate has the certificate of the
Governor, but utterly repudiates the authority
that executed it; and upon this he joins issue, and
not upon the supposititious plea raised by the hon-
orable gentleman. I feel myself bound by every
legal plea that may be raised in any known issue;
but there is no necessity to plead what is admit-
ted; and neither the committee nor Governor
Reeder has denied the record de facto, but only the
authority of the official that made it.
The honorable gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Boyce,] in speaking of the effect of sending
to Kansas for witnesses, says that one hundred
willing witnesses might be glad to make a trip to
Washington at the Government expense, when,
perhaps, they know but little about the case. At
first sight there seems to be something in this,
but after all it is founded on a supposition. When
we look at the distance of that Territory, and the
kind of people who emigrated there, the proba-
bility is, we will have more trouble in procuring
attendance than being overstocked with numbers.
The majority of the bona fide settlers of that Ter-
ritory are enterprising men, who have gone there
with their families for the purpose of getting a
home by honest industry; and surely that object
would not be promoted by a trip to the capital on
the pay of a Government witness. This, we all
know, is not a good place to make money. If it
be hard to make both ends meet with the wages
of a Congressman, I cannot see much inducement
to tempt the cupidity of a distant witness to come
here upon less than half of that pay. But be all
this as it may, I would ask the honorable gentle-
man if he would make the same argument in his
court at home ? If a party to a suit were to ask
for a subpena or attachment to bring into open
court any given number of witnesses, he would
not say, before a judicial tribunal, that it would
be better to send to the country a commissioner
to take their depositions, for they might be
anxious to come to the county town at the ex-
pense of the public, for he knows too well the
advantage of having a living witness instead of a
written deposition; and for this very reason the
Committee of Elections now ask for persons and
ne other legal point has been raised by the
honorable gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Da-
vis,] that you cannot go behind the record, nor
adduce any proof, written or oral, to attack its
validity; and to sustain his position he'read from
the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States in the celebrated Dorr case; but he over-
looked one very important point in that opinion,
which I think destroys his argument. The fol-
lowing is the opinion of the court:
" In Dorr's case, 3 Howard's Reports, 105, Judge Mc-
Lean, in giving the opinion of the Supreme Court, strongly
sustains the position just stated. That was an application
for a habeas corpus to deliver Dorr from imprisonment in
the State of Rhode Island, under sentence of treason com-
mitted against the State. Judge McLean saysNeither
' this nor any other court ofthe United States, or judge there-
' of, can issue a habeas corpus to bring up a prisoner, wlio is
' in custody under a sentence or execution of a State court,
' nor any other purpose than to be used as a witness; and it
' is immaterial whether the imprisonment be under civil or
(criminal jrrocess.'"
Now, I do not undertake to say that the saving;
clause in the foregoing opinion—namely, that the
prisoner can always be brought out of confine-
ment to testify in open court—at all controverts
the position of the learned judge, but I do say,
that it is the reaffirmance of another principle just
as valuable to the citizen as any known to the
law. Every litigant has a right to have a hear-
ing, and the law furnishes all the requisite ma-
chinery to bring his witness into open court, and
no man is bound to say, when he applies for a
habejis corpus, or any other similar legal process,
what he intends to prove. A partv to a suit in
Rhode Island might have brought Gfovernor Dorr
upon the stand, to prove that the government of
that State was based upon a royal charter, and
not upon a republican constitution, but it wa3
the business of the court, when the testimony was
offered, to receive or reject it, and if received, to
decide upon its legal force or applicability to the
issues involved. And this is all that is asked
here—an opportunity to prove the allegations con-
tained in the memorial of the contestant. The tes-
timony may be rejected, or, if received, found to
be worthless; but I know of no law, civil or crimi-
nal, human or divine, that condemns a man with-
out a hearing. It is said by other honorable gen-
tlemen, that this hearing will be attended with
great expense. This may be true; but if prin-
ciple is involved, we ought not to count the cost;
justice is more valuable than money, and the peace
of our country more to be desired than an over-
flowing Treasury.
But perhaps, after all, the most effective and
patriotic motive we can give for sustaining the
resolution of the majority of the committee is, that
it will have a tendency to purify the ballot-box,
the great palladium of our country's liberty. _ If
that political engine be, and is to remain, omnipo-
tent, it must be kept pure. I believe that the intel?
ligent franchise of a free people lies at the very
