200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 14,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
foundation of all our republican institutions—is
interspersed with every layer of their superstruc-
ture; and when at last the flag of our Union shall
float from the topmost height of the temple of
freedom—no one wishing to erase a star, and all
willing to live beneath its folds—it will be found
that the chief agency in this great work was the
uncontrolled suffrages of the great American peo-
ple. Let us, then, have all the facts, that the
people of Kansas may be fairly represented on
this floor, be the man who he may.
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
SPEECH OP HON. LYMAN TRUMBULL,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the Senate, March 14,1856,
On the motion to print thirty-one thousand extra copies of
the Reports of the majority and minority'of the Committee
on Territories, in reference to Affairs in Kansas.
Mr.TRUMBULL said: Mr. President, I can-
not consent, entertaining the views which I hold,
that this report shall go before the country without
expressing my dissent. I am aware, sir, that it
is here accompanied by a minority report which,
in my judgment, presents this Kansas question in
a masterly manner. It utterly refutes the major-
ity report upon the great question at issue; but
having been prepared without an opportunity to
examine the majority report, it was impossible
that it could meet ana expose all its unfounded
assumptions. Had the two reports gone out to-
gether, I would have been content; but, sir, the
report of the majority has already been placed
before the country, unaccompanied by that of the
minority. It was sent out in advance of its de-
livery to the Senate, and has appeared in a news-
paper published in the city of New York before
itcoula be printed in Washington; and containing,
as in my judgment it does, many unwarranted
assumptions, many inconsistencies, many false
deductions from admitted premises, and advancing
many erroneous propositions, I cannot consent
that it shall now pass from our consideration un-
noticed, inasmuch as, losing this opportunity, we
may not soon have another to express our views
upon it.
In the remarks which I have to make, I have no
idea of putting myself, or the State which I have
the honor in part to represent, in the position of
defending any such doctrines as the majority
report seeks, by argument rather than by direct
assertion, to attribute to those who differ from its
conclusions.
I do not intend to justify interference in the
internal affairs of Kansas by the people of any
portion of the Union contrary to law, and in vio-
lation of the Kansas-Nebraska act. I do not
design to justify either insurrection or treason in
any quarter; nor am I to be frightened from a
statement of what I believe to be the true condi-
tion of things in Kansas by the cry of insurrection
and treason where none exist. While opposed
to insurrectionists and traitors, I am equally
opposed to tyrants and usurpers; and would be as
ready to assist in putting down the one as the
other.
I deny, sir, that there is occasion to speak
of any of the inhabitants of Kansas as traitors to
this Government, or that there is any insurrection
in that Territory, such as has been indicated in
some of the documents which have been sent to
this body.
In discussing this matter, it is important to
keep in view the distinction between a State and
a territorial government. Much is said in the
report before us of the injustice of one State inter-
fering in the domestic affairs of another—much
about the impropriety of attempting to impose an
inequality on any of the States. Is there any
man in this land who ever thought that the citi-
zens of one State had a right to interfere with the
domestic institutions of any other State, or is
there one who denies that the States of this Union
are entitled to equal rights ? Is that the position
of those who have opposed the measure which
has caused the present agitation and is threaten-
ing tis with civil war ?
Sir, the people whom I in part represent enter-
tain no such views. The people of the State of
Illinois, permit me to say, are loyal to this Union,
to the Constitution, and all provisions of the Con-
stitution; and when they condemned the depart-
ure from the measures of 1850 by the repeal of
the Missouri compromise, and the opening afresh
of this dangerous slavery question,—which, to use
the language of the distinguished Senator from
Michigan, [Mr.CAss,] is the only question "which
can ever put to hazard our Union and safety,—
they had not the remotest idea of interfering with
the domestic institutions of the States. Why, I
ask, is it eternally thrust in the faces of those who
oppose the extension of slavery into free territory,
I that they want to produce an inequality among
the States? Whether slavery shall be permitted
to extend into territories belonging to the United
States from which it was excluded by acts of
Congress for more than a generation, is quite
another thing from going into the States ana in-
terfering with the institution there. Persons who
were opposed to the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise, and who are now opposed to the spread of
slavery to the territory it made free, are not Ab-
olitionists, though they may be falsely so called.
The expression " abolitionize" appears in this
report, is sometimes used in this Chamber, as also
the epithet " Black Republican;" but I trust that
neither Senators nor the people are to be driven
from a just consideration of public measures by
the fear of incurring some opprobrious epithet,
applied to them by those who nave no other argu-
ment to offer. The veriest simpleton in your
streets may cry out "BlackRepublican" or "Ab-
olitionist." I do not design applying offensive
names to the people of any part of this country,
nor is it my intention to say anything offensive
to any gentleman upon this floor, or to advocate
any other doctrines than those which have been
handed down to us by the Democratic fathers of
the Republic. My position on the subject of
slavery is the one occupied by all parties, but a
very few years ago—by men in the South as well
as in the North.
Having said thus much, I propose to refer to
some portions of this report. And the first prop-
position to which I desire to call attention is the
argument to show that the power of Congress to
regulate the Territories of the United States is
derived from that clause in the Constitution which
authorizes the admission of new States into the
Union. I think it is not very material whence
the power of Congress to regulate the Territories
is derived; it is enough that it exists; but in
hunting for that power, it occurs to me that one
of the last clauses from which it can be properly
i deduced is that from which the committee seek
' to derive it. The power " to admit new States"
1 into the Union gives to Congress, says this report,
the power to govern Territories! Why, sir, the
very action recommended by the committee con-
tradicts the assumption. The report concludes
with the statement that a bill is to be introduced
to authorize the people of the Territory of Kansas,
when its population shall have attained a certain
number, to form a State government preparatory
to admission into the Union. The power to pass
such an act maybe derived, perhaps, from the
clause in the Constitution of the United States
which authorizes the admission of new States;
and the very fact that a new law is necessary
since the act was passed organizing the Territory
of Kansas in order to admit it into the Union,
shows that the first act was not passed with that
view. The first act does not provide for the ad-
mission of Kansas as a State; and yet we are
gravely told in this document that the only power
which the Congress of the United States has to :
form a territorial government is that which is j
derived from the power to admit a new State! |
I have no difficulty, myself, in finding the !
power in that other clause of the Constitution j
which declares that "Congress shall have power !
to make all needful rules and regulations respect-!
ng the territory or other property belonging to
he United States." I see no propriety in limit-
ing the word " territory" merely to land. The
men who framed our Constitution understood the
English language. They would not have used
more words than were necessary to express the
idea they had in view. If the design was simply
to allow Congress under that provision to make
needful rules and regulations respecting the prop-
erty of the United States, why say "the terri-
tory or other property?" It would have been
sufficient to have said simply, "they shall have
authority to make all needful rules and regulations
respecting the property belonging to the United
States." But, sir, they did not stop there. They
said respecting "the territory" as well as the
" other" property,and it should be borne in mind
that the framers of the Constitution were laying
the foundations for a political Government. The
great object in view was to prepare a constitution
for the government of persons, not merely to
regulate the sale of lands. At that very time
there was belonging to the United States, the
Northwestern Territory, and provision had then
been made for its government. Some of the very
men in the convention which formed the Consti-
tution had cooperated in passing the ordinance
of 1787 respecting that Territory, and they doubt-
less incorporated this clause in the Constitution
with the very intention of continuing the power
to govern it.
In view of these facts, is it reasonable to sup-
pose that they intended the word " territory" in
that limited sense which the committee have
thought proper to give it?
Sir, there are other clauses in the Constitution
of the United States from which this power might
be derived. There is the treaty-making power.
Can it be said that this great Government was
formed with authority to declare war and make
peace, and yet was left without the power to pro-
vide a temporary government for the countries it
might, at a^ time by the chances of war, con-
quer and possess? We should not be an inde-
pendent nation if we had not this power to ac-
quire territory by the force of arms, and, when we
obtained it, to protect arfd govern its inhabitants
until they should become sufficiently numerous
to form a State government for themselves.
But, sir, I will not dwell on this. The power
is admitted, but it is admitted to a very limited
extent. Here I wish to point out one of the
inconsistencies of the report. It says:
" So far as the organization of a Territory may be neces-
sary and proper as a means of carrying into effect the pro-
vision of the Constitution for the admission of new States,
and when exercised with reference only to that end, the
power of Congress is clear and explicit; but beyond that
point theauthority cannot extend."
The proposition is here broadly laid down that,
beyond the point of providing the means of carry-
ing into effect the provision for the admission of
new States, the power to govern the Territories
does not exist. Is that true? Can it be main-
tained ? Is it one of the necessary means, in order
to admit a Territory into the Union as a State,
that Congress should govern it before it comes
in? Is tne exercise of the power conferred by
the Kansas-Nebraska act necessary for the ad-
mission of those Territories as States into the
Union ? What is that act*? A long law, contain-
ing thirty-seven sections, and providing for those
Territones Governors and Legislatures, judges
and marshals; defining the jurisdiction of justices
of the peace, and providing all the machinery for
the territorial governments. I desire to know
what the jurisdiction of a justice of the peace, or
anyof these provisions, have to do with the admis-
sion of Kansas into the Union as a State? Can
the position be maintained for a moment, that it
is necessary or proper, as preliminary to the ad-
mission of a State into this Union, that Congress
should declare that a territorial justice of the
peace should not have jurisdiction in cases ex-
ceeding $100, or relating to real estate ? If the
assumptions of this report are correct, such is the
case; for we are told that it is only when the
power of Congress is exercised in reference to
the admission of a new State, that it has any
right to legislate for a Territory, and of course it
will not be contended that the Kansas-Nebraska
act is not constitutional.
Again, it is said:
" The act of Congress for the organization of the Terri-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska was designed to conform to
the spirit and letter of the Federal Constitution, by preserv-
ing and maintaining the fundamental principle of equality
among all the States of the Union, notwithstanding the re-
striction contained in the eighth section of the act of the 6th
of March, 1820, preparatory to the admission of Missouri
into the Union."
I would like to know from the committee what
under heaven the organization of a territorial gov-
ernment in Kansas has to do with equality among
