936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 16,
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer is in
order.
Mr. SMITH. Then that brings back the other
question; and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has no right to the floor while another gentleman
desires it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania demands the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to submit a motion that
the rules be suspended and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. ["No, no!"] Wait one
moment, gentlemen. The report from the Com-
mittee on the Library has been read at the Clerk's
desk, and will be printed in the Globe to-morrow
morning, and if we go into committee now, the
consideration of that report will be the first bus-
iness in order to-morrow morning. Am I not
right?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It will come up
when the committees are again called for reports.
Mr. PHELPS. I submit the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Missouri to withdraw that mo-
tion, in order that we may go to the Speaker's
tabic and take up the Senate bills and refer
them.
Mr. FLORENCE. We had better go on with
the business before us, and finish it.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 want the gentleman from
Missouri to understand that I do not wish to in-
terrupt his movement, except to this extent, that
I am opposed to his directing the whole business
of the House, and I desire to know how the
Speaker entertains three or four distinct motions
at once?
The SPEAKER. The Chair entertains only
ono question at a time, and the pending motion
is that made by the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. SEWARD. How did he get the floor to
make the motion'1
The SPEAKER. The Chair assigned it to
lum, no other gentleman addressing the Chair at
the time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in.
quire of the Chair if it is not in order for me to
make the motion to go to the business on the
Spanker's table, and whether it doc«J not take
precedence of the motion of the gentleman from
Missouri?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I hope the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Missouri will be voted
down.
The question being on Mr. Phelps's motion,
Mr. McMULLIJN called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 70, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barksdale, Ilendley S. Bennett, Boyce,
Branch, Burnett, John 1'. Campbell, Caiuthers, Ca^kie,
Bayard CJark, Chngman, IIo\v< II Cobb, Cox, Ciaigc, Ci.iw-
fbid, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell,
Bdmundson, Faulkner, Foster, Galloway, Goode, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, Harlan, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas
L. Harris, Haven, Herbert, Jewett, George VV. Jones,
Kelly, Kcnnett, Lindley, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall,
Smith Miller, Moore, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Fame,
Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Reade, Ready, Rullin,
Sage, Savage, Seott, Shoiter, William Smith, William R.
Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stewai t, Swope, Talbott, Trippc,
Vail,Valk, Waldron, Warner, Williams, Window, John
V. Wright, and Zoliieofler—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Barclay, Ilenry Bennett, Ben-
son, Bingham, Bliss,Brenton, BiifFmton, Buihngamc, C'ad-
wrilader, James H. Campbell, ClialFee, Ezta Claik, Claw-
son, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cragin, Curn-
back, Damrell,Timothy Davis,Dodd, Duifee, Edie,Enme,
Florence, Giddings, J. Morrison Harris, Hoffman, Hollo-
way, Kelsey, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox. Kmikt-1,
Miitleson. MeCartA' Millvvrml. n-r,.
man, Walker, CadwaladerC. Washburne,£lhhuB. Wa«h-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch. Wells, Whitnev
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodvvorth—-73.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. ALLEN stated that he had paired off until
the first of May with Mr. Allison.
The question recurred on the call for the pre-
vious question, on the joint resolution reported
from the Committee on the Library.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move now
to proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, that motion is in order.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. I would like the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. TYSON declined to do so.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, called for tell-
ers on seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Morgan weie appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 50.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The question being on Mr. Jones's (of Ten-
nessee) motion to refer the joint resolution to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union,
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 65, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Uendlcy S. Bennett, Boyce, Branch,
Burnett, Carutheis, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Coltax, Cox, Craitre, Crawford, Davidson,
Denver, DowdeH, Edmundfon, Elliott, Kustis, Faulkner,
Foster, Galloway, Goodo, Greenwood, Ilarhm, Sampson
W. Ilarns, Thomas L. Hams, Ilaven, lleibeit, Jewett,
George W. Jones, Kennett, Knox, Lumpkin, Samuel S.
Marshall, McCatty, McMulJm, Smith Miller, .Mott, Andrew
Oliver, Orr, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Prmgle, Puiyear, Reade,
Ready, Ruftiu, Sage, Savage, Seott, Seward, Shorter, Wil-
liam Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Talbott, Tuppe,
W;ule, Waldron, Warner, Win&low, John V. Wright, and
Zoliieofler—Go.
NAYS—Messrs. Albrizht, Barclay, Henry Bennett, Ben-
son, Bingham, Bliss, Brenton, Buffinton, James II. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, Bayaul Claik, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Covode,
Ciagm, Cumbaek, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dodd, Durfce,
Edie, Ismne, Floienee, Henry AT. Fuller, Giddings, Gilbert,
J. Morrison Harris, Ilolloway, Kollv, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Kunkel, Matteson, Max well", Mill waid, Morgan,
iilmiav, Nichols, Norton, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pel tit,
Ptke, Purviance, Ritchie, llobbms, Robert.-, Sabin, Sapp,
Simmons, William R. Smith, Swope, Tappan, Thuision,
Tiatton, Tyson, Wakeman, Walker, CadwaladerC. W'ash-
burne, Ellihu B. Wa^ibmne, Israel Washburn, Wat&on,
Welch, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Woodruff, and Wood-
woith—70.
So the motion to refer was not agreed to.
The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and, being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. TYSON. I move the previous question
on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. SAPP called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered*, and Messrs. Edie and
Walker were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 66, noes 51.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. ORR. I ask for a division of the question.
There are two resolutions, I understand.
The SPEAKER. It is a joint resolution.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit that a division
of the question is not in order, the previous ques-
tion Inning" been ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In the present
condition of the question no amendment would be
in order. You cannot move to strike out one of
the resolutions, and consequently you cannot
divide them.
Mr. CLINGMAN. There are two resolutions,
are there not ?
The SPEAKER. There are two resolutions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, of course, they may
be divided, and the House can vote upon them
sepaiately. It is constantly done.
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that, under the present circumstances of the case,
the resolutions are not divisible.
Mr. OLINGMAN. Then, if there are two of
them, I will take an appeal from that decision.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the attention of the
Chair to the rule under which a division can be
had—the 53d rule.
The 53d rule was read, as follows:
"Any member may call for the division of a question,
which shall be divided, if it comprehend propositions in
substance so distinct that one being taken away, a substan-
tive proposition shall remain for the decision of the House."
Mr. KEITT. Is this resolution now under
the operation of the previous question, or is it
debatable?
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is no matter about that.
The House rarely ever passes resolutions except
under the operation of the previous question.
Yet every member knows that such propositions
are constantly divided.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will inquire of
the Chair if the joint resolution has not been en-
grossed and read a third time?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, is there any such
thing upon record as the amendment of an en-
grossed bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided that the joint resolution is not divisible.
From that decision the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. ClingmanJ takes an appeal.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. KEITT. Stop ! I have the floor. I want
to know if this proposition is subject to debate ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, under the opera-
tion of the pievious question.
Mr. KEITT. Then I cannot inquire of the
Chair whether this is a proposition to go into
rivalry with the Harpers, and other publishers?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
that question cannot be answered. [Laughter.]
Mr. KEITT. I believe the Chair is correct.
I do not think it can be answered successfully.
The question was then taken upon the appeal;
and the decision of the Chair was sustained as
the judgment of the House.
The question recurred upon the passage of the
bill; and being taken, it was decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 74, nays 70; as follows:
VTEAS—Messrs. Albright, Barclay, Henry Bennett, Ben-
son, Bliss, Brenton, Binhngame, Cadwalader, James II.
Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Claik, Ezta Claik, CUwjon,
Covode, Ciagin, Cumbaek, Damicll, Ileniy Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Denver, Dodd, Dur&o, Edie, Emrio, Flor-
ence, Ileniy M. Fuller, Gilbert, J. Moinson Harris, Herbert,
Hoffman, Holloway, Kelly, Kelscy, Kcnnett, Knight,
Knowlton, Kunkel, Matte>on, Maxwell, Mill waid, Muiray,
Noiton, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pur-
viance, Ritchie, llobbms, Roberts, Sabin, Sapp, Seward,
Simmons, William R. Smith, Stanton, Stewart, Thurston,
Trafton, Tyson, Valk, Wakeman, Walker, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, I^iael Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells,
Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodwoith—
74.
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett, Boyce,
Branch, Buffinton, Burnett, John P. Campbell, 'Caskie,
Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Cox, Craige, Crawford, Davidson, Dowdcll, Edmundson,
Elliott, Eu^tis, Faulkner, Foster, Galloway, Goode. Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, Iiarlan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Harris,Haven, Jewett, George W. Jones, Kent, Knapp,
Knox, Lumpkin, Samuel S Marshall, McCarty, McMullm,
Smith Miller, Mooie, Morgan, Mott, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Orr, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Pimgle, Puryear, Quit-
man, ltcade, Ready, Ruflin, Sage, Savage, Scott, Shoiter,
William Smith, Spinner, Talbott,Tupp^, Wade, Wnldion,
Warner, Elhhu B. WasUburne, Winslow, John V. Wright,
and Zollicoffer—70.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed. Mr. Speaker,
I have myself believed that this House has acted
hastily for the last three or four days, in passing
through, under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, matters imperfectly developed, assuming for
themselves, without inquiry, and without going
through the usual forms of legislation, a respons-
ibility which they will one day regret.
Now, sir, we are pursuing a system of book-
publishing—and this is the first time when the
question has been fairly presented before the
House—which I undertake to say is condemned,
in principle, by every intelligent man in the coun-
try. There is no justification—there can be none
—for publishing books of this kind for general
distribution.
But I rise at this time to move a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which the bill was passed,
mainly for this reason: The party with whom I
act are at this time in a majority in the House,
and they are responsible for the legislation of this
House and this Congress.
Now, sir, gentlemen upon this side of the
House are taking upon themselves, as a party,
in opposition to the united vote of gentlemen upon
the other side, the responsibility of this system.
They are about to father it, and they have got to
carry that responsibility through the next presi-
dential canvass, and it will stick to them like the
poisoned shirt of Nessus. If gentlemen want these
books published—if they believe this principle
