1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
937
and this policy ought to be pursued, it can only
be done—if I can have my way about it—in such
form that we shall not assume the sole responsi-
bility.
Mr. Speaker, I expect myselfnotonlyto arraign
the present Administration in the coming presi-
dential contest, for its course upon the Kansas
question, and its efforts to propagate the institu-
tion of slavery, but I expect to set all its sins in
order before the American people; and among
others are its profligate expenditures from the
public Treasury; and when I am doing so, I do
not want any gentleman to rise upon the other
side, and present me with the rccord of ninety-
nine out of one hundred members on this side,
having voted these books into their own pockets,
or for distribution among their special friends, or
such of them as may be useful in the manage-
ment of caucuses in the next canvass. I expect,
among other things, to say something in the com-
ing canvass about the expenditures for the Army,
and I do not want gentlemen on the other side to
turn round andtell me,44 You were not willing to
spend money to feed and clothe the soldiers of
the country; you were not willing to spend money
to protect the settlers from Indian depredations
and hostilities, but you put it into your own
pockets in the shape of books." Sir, I hope
that, when 1 go into the coming presidential can-
vass, I shall not be reduced to the necessity,
when I come to attack the gentleman who occu-
pies the alms-house at the other end of the ave-
nue, of hurting some of my political friends upon
this side of the House. If I should do so,-how-
ever, they will please remember the fable of Poor
Tray.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I did not intend to consume
the time of the House further than to call the
attention of gentlemen to this proposition as
wrong in principle. This system has been carried
to such an extent that, when viewed in the most
favorable light, it has grown into a gigantic abuse.
It is a system that ought to be abandoned. I
dislike, above all things, that the political party
with which I act should assume the responsibility
of carrying through this proposition. I hope
that the motion to reconsider will prevail, and
that the resolutions will be rejected.
Mr. BARCLAY. I move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a moment.
Mr. BARCLAY. I will do so, if the gentle-
man will renew it.
Mr. WALKER. If my friend from Pennsyl-
vania will withdraw his motion to enable me to
say a few words, 1 will renew it.
Mr. B ARC LAY. I will do so.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, it was not my
purpose to address the House upon the resolu-
tions which have just received our favorable
action. I cast my vote in favor of the adoption
of those resolutions. I should not say one word
in their indorsement, but for the manner in which
they have been assailed by the gentleman who
has just taken his seat, [Mr. Stanton.]
Sir, to vindicate the vote I have just given I
am not driven to the necessity of a mere party
appeal. I seek to lay no political groundwork,
while I hold a seat upon this floor, upon which
I am to act in any coming political canvass. I
cast my vote for or against this or that measure,
not from mere party affiliation, or supposed party
obligations, but my suffrage is given pro or con.
according to the dictates of my own judgment.
And now, sir, why have I favored this propo-
sition coming from the Committee on the Library?
I will state the reasons veiy briefly.
Sir, the true greatness of nations depends
neither upon the number of its people, the gran-
deur and magnitude of its public works, or upon
those great material interests which attract the
general eye and awaken what may be termed a
lower pride, nor does it consist in the extent of
its public domain, but in the virtue and intelli-
gence of its people—in their readiness to do and
dare in great enterprises—in their willingness to
make sacrifices either for the good of humanity
or for the spread of science and art. And the
worth and valwc of that nation as a part of the
civilized world depend, in my judgment, chiefly,
above all other things, upon her readiness to ap-
preciate and reward the sacrifices of her own citi-
zens in any great walk or path in life.
^ Now, sir, who is the subject of those resolu-
tions? What is the history that has given birth
to the paper upon your table? For many long
years the discovery of some transit through the
far-off Polar sea has been the speculation of the
philosopher, the theme of contending cabinets,
the dream of navigators. Fleet after fleet have
filled their sails and crossed the old path of com-
merce and navigation on the look-out for that un-
known ocean, the primeval silence of which has
only been disturbed by the northern winds as
they ruified its surfacc, or by the roar and surge
of those vast ice mountains which rear themselves
as perpetual monuments of the rigor of that far-
off clime. It is within the knowledge of every
man in this House, that an old seaman, bronzed
by exposure to many climes—a man who had won
for himself a name among travelers by sea and
ocean—a man who had trained many a stripling to
deeds of bravery and daring—a man who had won
for himself the respect and admiration of his own
great nation—who, moved by professional pride,
turned his back a few years since upon the cliffs
of Albion—who, as he stood upon the deck of
his goodly vessel filled with a sturdy, valorous
crew, and directed his course to that far-off-un-
known region, his heart filled with a just and
noble ambition—an ambition to make a discovery
that should give new glory, and shed fresh luster
upon the renown of his own land,and in the event
of his success should weave around his brow the
laurel for which so many noble spirits have sought
—he went, his soul filled with the best and highest
impulses. His vessel was freighted with many
honorable, noble, and chivalrous spirits. Old
England's shores were left behind them, and their
course was to the far north. For years no tidings
came from the adventurous voyagers, rlope suil
lingered, but the fair visitor was oftentimes re-
placed by dread-visaged despair. Not only the I
heart of a great nation was stirred, but that of j
the civilized world was moved alternately by hope j
and fear. A cloud settled upon his far-off home '
in Scotland. His noble wife, the true and loving !
and worshiping woman, the loving help-mate of ;
the brave old mariner, mourned his separation
and his probable loss. Time still sped on; and
what had been a vague, conjectural apprehension
began at last to settle down into a firm conviction
that the old leader and his brave crewhad sunk into
the ocean, either by the fierce storms which prevail
in that hyperborean region, or in some dark win-
ter night had been crushed under floating mount-
ains of ice. Expedition after expedition was
sent out to make search and ascertain what had
become of these northern voyageurs. These ex-
peditions returned, bringing with them assurance
that there was perhaps no ground for hope. A
movement was then put on foot in this country.
It sprung, perhaps, from a double motive. One
was the high impulse of humanity and hope to
do something to save and rescue from a terrible
death these brave-hearted mariners. The other
was to contribute to science. It is true, this Gov-
ernment only gave a kind of qua$i indorsement
to the expedition; for to individual liberality the
world is chieily indebted for this effort to ascer-
tain the fate of Sir John Franklin and his crew. ■
We all know the result. The search was fruit- |
less. Dr. Kane has returned to his home. It is '
true, he has not cheered us by bringing upon the !
deck of his small vessel—a vessel saved by his
skill and courage from the impending dangers of |
that severe climate—either the living or dead ]
body of Sir John Franklin. Though he has not t
succeeded in doing this, yet, in the estimation of,
all thinking men in this hemisphere and in the ,
other, he has added large and valuable contribu-!
tions to nautical science. No man can doubt, !
looking at Dr. Kane's recognized scientific attain-
ments and the general desire there is to know
something of the Circumpolar sea, but that in
these forthcoming volumes there will be found
large and valuable contributions to science. It
seems to me that the present is'a proposition dif-
ferent from any other in reference to books on
which this or past Congresses have acted. We
are called on to do an act which will redound to
the general good.
Gentlemen say that the proposition ought not
to pass, because it is not large enough—because
the number of volumes proposed is not large
enough to place the book in every man's hands.
This is no objection. A contribution by Congress
to that extent is altogether out of the question.
Though we cannot attain the largest good, yet,
when the fact is patent to every man here that
we are attaining a certain proportion of public
good, it seems to me "there is no reason for any
one's setting his face against the proposition. I
care not if only one man in every five thousand-
takes up a book written by a large-minded man,
one whose mind is full of his subject, and whose
soul is, so to speak, infused with the love of his
particular science—a man who has the capacity
and the will to contribute to the general intelli-
gence of the country—if there be but one book
to every five thousand people, there must be, in
the course of time, a radiation of the rays of in-
telligence which, for the time, have their focus in
that man's mind.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have said far more than I in-
tended to say. 1 simply rose for the purpose, in
a very few words, of stating to the members why
I had* voted for this proposition, and why I should
vote against the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio. In compliance with my promise to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I renew the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. KEITT. I hope the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will withdraw the motion for a little
while.
Mr. BARCLAY. I will, if the gentleman will
renew it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not think any
conditions of this kind ought to be tolerated.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can recognize no
such conditions. Does the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Walker] insist upon his motion to
lay upon the table ?
Mr. WALKER. If my friend from Pennsyl-
vania authorizes me to withdraw the motion I
will do so.
Mr. BARCLAY. I am willing that it shall be
withdrawn for the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, provided he will renew it.
Mr. KEITT. I will do so.
Mr. WALKER. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether he holds that the previous question was
exhausted upon the passage of the resolution?"
The SPEAKER. It was then exhausted.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Speaker, the member from
Ohio [Mr. Stanton] has just given notice of his
intention in the next presidential election to ar-
raign the Administiation upon the Kansas-Ne-
braska issue; and also for the profligate expendi-
ture of the public money. It is but frank and
manly to dispel all doubt and mist about the issues
which an* to be made, and to array the rival par-
tics upon the principles on which they purpose
to administer the Government. The Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, says the member, shall be one of the
charges m the indictment. Now, sir, undercover
of this bill, they have hitherto declared to the
country that tiiey mean to do—what? Why,
" repeal the fugitive slave law, reject any new
State which has slavery in her constitution, abol-
ish slavery in the District of Columbia, and also
the interstate sla\e trade." Taking advantage
of the excitement which arose out of the Nebraska
bill, the Black Republican party declared that all
compromises with slavery were at an end, and
that the rote of policy, specified above, should be
inflexibly carried out. A whirlwind was sweep-
ing over the northern heart and mind, and they
directed it to their aggressive purposes.
They offered the specific issues I have named
above, and they challenged the Democratic party
to accept them. Now, I wish to inquire if the
Black Republican party mean to stand to the
issues they have made? The member from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] is one of the leaders of that party;
and I wish to know if he and his ]3arty mean
openly and fairly to join upon these issues, and
fight them out in sunlight; fight them out with-
out evasion or bribery—without fraud or collu-
sion ?
It has been said, sir, that the ostentatious
manifesto of the Black Republican party is to be
slurred over, and that its threats are to be meekly
swallowed. When we entered this Hall, at the
beginning of the session, it boasted its triumphant
majority. It did put one of its followers into the
chair; and it thus obtained control of the machinery
of legislation here. With the appliances of power
in its hands, what will it do? It is said that,
