1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
that you must make a harbor at Black Lake, for
the purpose of refuge to the Navy ? No. By
■what authority, then, Joes the honorable Senator
assume it? It is his opinion. I do not mean to
discredit his opinion so far as it is a tangible and
express one. I hare the right to discredit that
given to us here on the spur of the occasion for
the purpose of getting this appropriation for
#50 ,000. We know, whether it be the infirmity,
or the tendency of the human mind, that when
we want a thing done, and are deeply interested
in it, the mind is in a state of anxious solicitude
to devise and suggest reasons for carrying it into
execution.
There is a familiar case from the early fables,
where a city was to be defended, and the people
of the town were called in to know how they
were to defend it. The carpenter said you were
to defend it by wooden walls; the blacksmith said,
by iron; the currier said, by leather. Thai is the
way of human nature; and all these suggestions,
that this work is to be done as a measure of na-
tional defense, either for the Army or the Navy,
I leave out of view. I would say to that honor-
able Senator, and those who are responsible for
these appropriations, if you present that argu-
ment, present us first a report from the President
through his accredited officer, that such an ex-
penditure is necessary for the Army or the Navy,
as the case may be. If you come in here on the
heat of the occasion, and adopt, and present that
as an auxiliary or a sort of collateral and vague] y
suggested reason whether it may answer or not,
I do not question m the slightest degree the ne-
cessity and the effect of the statesman-like pur-
pose of the Senator, yet the money is to be ex-
pended in his State;and I have the warning voice
of the currier, who said, in conclave in the city,
that the true way of defending the city was to
defend it by leather.
Now, Mr. President, I want to know whether
the Senator who brought in this bill will agree to
an amendment—otherwise I shall not take up
time in framing the proviso—that no part of the
money shall be expended unless it be found by
the Secretary that a harbor can be made as effi-
ciently by the expenditure of $50,000 as Mr.
Bowes and these engineers reported it could be
done for $160,000? If they will restrict the ex-
penditure of the money on that basis, we shall
then give a construction to the bill which both
the honorable Senators from Michigan say it has,
that the Secretary cannot expend the money
unless it will do the work.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will take Mr.
Bowes's estimate of $162,000, and put it into the
bill, I will agree to the provision that the harbor
shall be constructed according to that plan, and no
money shall be paid unless a contract is made
agreeably to the plan.
Mr. MASON. That would not be within the
terms of the proposition. The Senator is chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce 
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr. MASON. I believe the Senator reported
the bill.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman informs the
Senate by the bill, that sufficient work can be
done for $50,000. That is the bill. Now 1 ask
him if he will agree to an amendment, that the
money shall not be expended uniess it will do
the work in as efficient a manner as that proposed
by his engineers, of whom his colleague has
justly, I have no doubt, so highly approved. He
answers me by saying that, if l will put in the
appropriation, he will agree that the $50,000 shall
not be expended if the $102,000 be sufficient to
do it. .
Mr. CASS. I do not want to detain the Sen-
ate; but the Senator from Virginia is a little per-
emptory m his question, and perhaps a little more
so m his manner.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan will aeccpt a suggestion, and
make his remarks at another day.
Mr. CASS. I will do it.
Mr. MASON. Then I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biggs, Brown, Butler, Clay, Fitzpatrick,
Foot, Houston, Iverson, Maltory, Mason, Pearce, Rcid,
Toombs, and Yulee—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire. Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin,liigler, Bright,Cass, Dodge,Doogias,
Durkee, Fessenden, Foster, Geyer, Harlan, James, Jones
of Iowa, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull,
Wade, Welter, and Wright—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and, on the question, " Shall the bill
be engrossed for a third reading?"
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 23, nays 15; as'follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire,'Bel! of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Bright, Cass, Dodge, Douglas, Dur-
kee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Harlan, James^ Jones
of Iowa, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull,
Wade, and Wright—23.
NA VS—Messrs. Biggs, Bigler, Brown, Butler, Clay,
Fitzpatrick, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Matlory, Mason,
Reul, Toombs, Weller, and Yulee—Jo.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. EIGLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, July 29, 1856.
Theliouse metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Journal should be
read now, it will not be competent to have a call
of the House, and there will be no quorum here.
I therefore move that there be a call of the 'House
before the Journal is read]
The motion was agreed to. ■
The roll of the House was then called; when
the following named members failed to answer
to their names:
Messrs. Ilenry Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock,
Royce, Buriingame, Cadwalader, Clnlds, Ezra Chirk,
Cimgman, Williamson K. W. Cobb, Timothy Davis, De
Witt, Dickson, Edmundson, Elliott. Etheridge, Eustw,
Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Iicnry M. Fuller, Augustus
Hall, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Herbert, Hickman,
Howard, J. Clancy Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, King, Knox,
Letcher, Lmdley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Sam-
uol S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, MilUvard,
Mott, Murray,Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Fame, Pearee,
Pclton, Porter, Puryear, Richardson, Rivers, Roberts, Rob-
i.-on, Rust, Sandidge, Scott, Shorter, William R. Smith, Tal-
linn, Tyson, Welch, Wells, and Wheeler.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
all further proceedings under the calljie dispensed
with.
Mr. PHELPS. How many members have
answered to their names ?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and sixty-one.
The motion was agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of a bill (II. R.
No. 153) making appropriations for the support
of the Army, for the year ending June 31, 1857,
upon which the House had ordered the previous
question.
Mr. TYSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the Committee on
Commerce a bill to regulate the compensation of
certain officers of the revenue, merely for the pur-
pose of referring itto the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object.
CORRECTION OP THE JOURNAL.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I rise for the purpose
of calling the attention of the House to an error
in the Journal, in reference to the resolution of
last week in regard to evening sessions. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] yesterday
moved to extend that resolution during the pres-
ent week. I believe the Journal does not speeify
the extent to which the resolution was intended
to go—the present week only. .
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. That was my
motion. ..... , „
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the Journal is correct.
ARMY APPROpRIATIONilUy.. ,
Mr. GREENWOOp". toiety
Army bill and amendments upon lhe,ta61e.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask. the gentle-
man from Arkansas to withdraw that motion. If
gentlemen are aaot present,, let us vote without
them. , . _ . " ' '
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 would like-to follow
•in the wake of the gentleman tVoivi Teiine.s£e;<i so
far as 1 can ; bui l believe this isa pvopermotioii,
and I make it with a view-that gcruletiutn who
are absent may have-tipie to come in. . "
Mr. PHELPS. On lejst .Friday, during the
absence of my friend from "Maryland,^ {Mr.
Davis,] I reported a private Mil from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and had -it referred
to a Committee ofctljje ^T&Thole Hfiuse. ,lien-
tered a motion to reconsider the. vpteby which
itwas.so referred. I made the motion in o;rder
that I might have an opporwmtyofascert^itnng
whether the bill had taken such di recti arias my
friend desired it to take. It has taken that.direc-
tion; and, therefore, I- wish -to withdraw the
motion to reconsider. , • -
- There was no objection) and the motion was
withdrawn.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the unanimous eon-
sent of the House to allow me to report, a bill,
pursuant to notice, on a very important subject.
The SPEAKER. Objection has;been made to
anything out of order.  ;
Mr.-READY. I move to-take :upta .motion,
submitted by me some Unit- since, to reconsider a
vote  ' ; i
The SPEAKER. It is not in order cat thin
time, the House having ordered -thei previous
■question. Thelgeutleman from Arkansas moves
to me that [ should wi thdraw ithat.motion,aftd I
do withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. The question, first recurs on
the first amendment reported by the Committee
of-the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is customary,
I believe, in such cases, to read all the amend-
ments, and any gentleman desiring a separate
vote on a particular amendment can ask for it,
and the House can vote on all the amendments
on which separate votes are not required. . >
The SPEAKER. That course will be pursued.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I believe iltave
a right to be heard on this bill. > :' -
The SPEAKER. The,gentleman from :Qhio
is entitled to the-floor. ■ 1 ....
Mr. CAMPBELL. My purpose ill rising.this
morning, is simply that I may explain the singu-
lar position in which I am placed tnjregard to this
bill and the■ pending amendments. -I shall feel
myself constrained, in voting on two of-there
amendments, to separate -myself from those with
whom I usually act, in relation to the subject
embraced in them.
It is well known to the House that I have
uniformly, from the commencement, been op-
posed to the repeal of the Missouri-compromise,
and in favor of the speedy exercise of all legiti-
mate legislative power to exclude slavery from
Kansas and Nebraska. But I have-opposed in
committee the amendments which were offered by
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Barbouji} and
by my colleague, the ground
that they proposed to introduce ipaej9endent-Ie£*ia-
lation into the appropriation, bills,- in violation,
as 1 believe, of the rules of'the law, and the usage
of the House. I must, therefore, tote against
these amendments, but I want H to 'be-distinctly
understood that I am in favor of-the principles,
so far as they propose protection--to the citizens
of Kansas. I would readily, heartily, and cor-
dially vote for any measure/extending relief, had
it been introduced under circumstances that, would
meet my approbation. .
It was the legitimate duty, of either your Com-
mittee on Territories, or your Committee on the
Judiciary, who alone-are charged with the con-
sideration of the-subjects embraced m these
amendments, at ari early period of the session, to
have introduced-such measures as would tend to
prevent -the execution of the fraudulent laws of
Kansas* and to declare them null and void: or to
have brought before the House some remedial
measure. But nothing has been done; and now,
at the «nd of the session, within three weeks of
