1812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29,
the time fixed for adjournment, we find gentlemen
seeking to accomplish the desired purpose indi-
rectly, and by means unauthorized, ind, as I
believe, of dangerous tendency, by adding to the
•Army appropriation bill their provisoes. , These
propositions are now to be forced on this bill,
under such circumstances as, in my judgment,
will tend to the defeat of the bill, and the blocking
of the wheels of the Government. I speak in
opposition to this extraordinary system' of legis-
lation now, because we have already received
notice from gentlemen that similar provisions are
•to be appended to every appropriation bill that
has been reported to this House. These bills have
been before the House four months; and I claim
that, inasmuch as the Committee of Ways and
Means had no proper jurisdiction of the subject
embraced in these provisoes, in the outset, it is
rather improper just now to throw the respons-
ibility on that committee, and thus sink the bills
by independent legislation over which that com-
mittee has had no power, for no better reason than
that other committees and the House may have
failed to perform their duties in regard to Lhe
interesting condition of the people of Kansas.
In my judgment, sir, this kind of legislation
ought not to be adopted, except as a last resort,
when all other legitimate means have failed. I
am free to confess that, had this House sent to
the Senate such a bill as has been reported by my
friend from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] or some meas-
ure calculated to restore peace in Kansas, and to
exclude slavery therefrom, giving back to the
free States that what I hold was wrongfully, and
in violation of plighted faith, taken from them
by the Kansas-Nebraska act of 1854;—I say, had
the House sent some such measure, standing on
its own merits, and had the Senate, in defiance
of the public will, as expressed in the elections
of 1854, refused to act upon it or defeated it, then
I might have favored the introduction of such a
proviso into the appropriation bill, as a last
resort.
Gentlemen say their provisoes form the only
means by which the remedy can now be furnished
for the wrongs to Kansas. They complain of
great wrong having been done by the repeal of
the Missouri compromise, which the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] has declared to be
wise and proper legislation. The remedy pro-
posed amounts to the defeat of the Army appro-
priation bill.
What are the circumstances ? What the effect
of tliis remedy ? You have from sixteen to seven-
teen thousand men in the field. Many of them
have been sent across the plains to defend the
Pacific coast—to protect the hardy pioneers there
from the scalping-knife of the savage. They have
braved dangers m every form, and have faced
death under your national flag, in all its terrors.
It is proposed by honorable gentlemen to-day,
claiming to be statesmen, that we shall withhold
from that branch of the public service the pay
and necessaries to sustain life, because, in 1854,
there was a mistake in legislation.
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire of my col-
league whether he did not make some speeches
in my district during this session
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 have made speeches in
my colleague's district in behalf of the cause of
freedom, of law, and of justice.
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire further
whether he did not avow a willingness to stop
the appropriations for the Government until the
Missouri compromise was restored ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will tell the gentleman
what I said there and elsewhere, if he wishes to
quote my stump speeches on me. I said to the
people of his district and throughout the North-
west, nothing inconsistent with that which I have
just uttered. I said I would first support and
send to the Senate and President a bill, standing
on its own merits, to exclude slavery from Kan-
sas and Nebraska, backed, as I believed it would
he, by public sentiment of the whole country,
undoing the great national wrong which repealed
Jhe Missouri compromise; and then, if the Sen-
ate, in defiance of the well-known wishes of the
people, should defeat it, or the President, in de-
fiance of the public will, should veto it, I would,
as a last remedy, and to extort justice, support
such a proviso to an appropriation bill. I said I
would leave the responsibility, under such cir-
cumstances, on the Senate or the President, of
stopping the supplies, in order to carry into effect
the principles of that bill.
I ask my colleague, [Mr. Stanton,] who is
making himself active in this matter, why, when
the deficiency bill was up, did he not move these
provisoes ? What reason had gentlemen for
withholding it when they were voting; for their
own supplies ? When they were making appro-
priations for their mileage, and per diem, and
books, stationery, &c., why did not gentlemen
put in these provisoes ? Why wait until the close
of the session, and then put the weights upon
the bill which provides the means to pay the sol-
diers you have called out to spill their blood on
fields of stricken battle ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. If my colleage will permit
me, I will ask him a question. •
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 have no objection to hear
my colleague, if he wants to come into the ring.
Mr. GII3D1NGS. I presume not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object. I insist
that the discussion proceed regularly.'
Mr. SPEAKER. The rules of the House ac-
cord the privilege of debate, in this instance, to
the gentleman alone who reported the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have felt the embarrass-
ment of my position as chairman of the Ways
and Means Committee, and regard it as due to
myself to explain the reasons for the vote I shall
put on the record to-day. I do not make this
statement, or present these arguments, with a
view to influence other gentlemen who may vote
against me. I have no complaint to make against
any gentleman who shows a proper appreciation
of the circumstances which surround me.
I wish it to be distinctly understood, that I go
as far as the furthest of those who claim to be the
friends of freedom in proper, fair, and legitimate
legislation, in behalf of oppressed Kansas.
Mr. GIDDUN'GS. I think, Mr. Speaker, that
1 am perfectly in order; that it is proper for my
colleague to yield to me for an explanation of the
reason why I did not offer this proposition on the
deficiency bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes, I make no objection
to my colleague explaining the reasons which
prevented him from appending these propositions
to that bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot yield
the floor without unanimous consent'.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not particularly refer
to my colleague. My interrogatory was general.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I know that my colleague
is willing to yield. The gentleman from Virginia,
however, has made objection. I think that I am
in order in responding why this proviso was not
put on the deficiency bill. [Cries of" Go on !"]
Very well, then. The reason why the proviso
was not germane or proper to the bill referred to
for our own pay, &c., is plain to every man.
Wc are now providing for the support of the
Army. The President has used the Army to
overthrow the Constitution; and he now calls on
us to make appropriations to aid him in further-
ance of his design. The proviso, therefore, is
only to save the Constitution of the country and
the rights of the people against usurpation. And
I would ask my colleague whether he feels bound
to aid the executive arm in thus overthrowing
the liberties of the country ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It was not held thatthese
provisoes were not germane to the deficicncy bill.
My colleague knows full well there were in that
bill large appropriations for the Army. There
were clauses there to which this proviso was as
applicable as it is to this bill; but that bill con-
tained appropriations to pay members of Con-
gress. This does not.
I will answer my colleague's question. I will
go as far as he or any other man in resisting, by
lawful and constitutional means, the usurpations
of a corrupt Executive, who may seek to use a
portion of the army for the purpose of tramp-
ling down the rights of the citizens of Kansas.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague does not un-
derstand me The House will bear testimony
that the appropriation bill to which my colleague
refers was for deficiencies in the appropriations
of the past year. We are now providing for the
expenditures of the coming year, I want him to
meet me on this point. Will he give the Execu-
tive power to enforce the obnoxious laws of Kan-
sas in the coming year?
Mr. CAMPBELL. We are now providing
supplies for the Army for the current fiscal year.
No provision has yet been made by law for the
Army supplies for any time since me 30th of June
last. Let your Military Committee, that has the
power over the diiT'Ction which is to be given to
the operations of your Army, restrict the power
of the President, as my colleague suggests, and
I will vote for it,
Mr. Speaker, I have spoken on this subject this
morning, because I understand the same proviso
is to be attached to the civil appropriation bill,
and all other appropriation bills, and I feel that
the effect will be to defeat them. I am unwilling
to take the responsibility of withholding supplies
for the various branches of the public service until
other committees and this House shall have done
their duty in sending some bill to the Senate by
which these troubles in the Territories might be
finally adjusted.
Mr. GlDBINGS. Will my colleague permit
me to propound a question to him?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
cannot interrupt his colleague, except to explain
a remark of his own speech.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would like to make an
explanation, but my colleague seems to be under
theguardianship of the gentleman from Louisiana
to-day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 will inform my colleague
that no man living has a guardianship over me.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I did not allude to my
colleague.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My colleague's remark
intimated I was under guardianship.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I did not mean to intimate
anything of the kind. My colleague yielded to
me like a gentleman, but the gentleman from
Louisiana objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And I hope always to de-
mean myself towards my colleague and all others
as a gentleman. I am fully satisfied that the
territorial laws of Kansas are founded in fraud ;
and if the Committee on the Judiciary, or the
Committee on Territories, will bring m a bill
to repeal them, I will vote to wipe them out. 1
am willing to repeal the Kansas-Nebraska act,
and reorganize the territorial government, upon
the basis of the slavery restriction of the act of
1820. But, sir, because a political party may
have done a great wrong in 1854, and because
the President of the United States may exercise
his functions corruptly and in the spirit of usurp-
ation, I \tfill not withhold the supplies from
those who have consented to fight the battles of
their country, and have just demands upon our
Treasury.
For these reasons I shall have to separate
myself this morning from those with whom I
generally act—regretting that I am placed in a
position where I am compelled to do it from a
sense of the relations I occupy (as chairman of
the Ways and Means Committee) to the business
of the House, the interests of the country, and
the perpetuity of the Government. I have made
these remarks in order that there might be no
misrepresentation or misunderstanding in regard
to my position, or in reference to the great ques-
tions which are involved in the vote about to be
taken.
Mr. PR3NGLE. J would inquire of the Chair
whether it is in order to demand a separate vote
upon any individual appropriation in the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Of course not.
The SPEAKER. Th.r uiU depend upon the
separation which t!i-> ^-'Ptlcman may require,
Mr. PHELPS, 1 underhand that the gentle-
man's inquiry is, whether upon any separate item
of this bil] a separate Vwte pan be taken. I hold
that it cannot be done.
The SPEAKER. !f the gentleman from New
York will suggest the d'vsion which he desires,
the Chair will rule upon the ouestion.
Mr. PtUNGLE. The item upon which I ask
a Separate vote, is the appropriation of $300,QUO
for the Post Office extension. I want a separate
vote upon it, as I think it is in the wrong bill.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman's inquiry is
in reference to an item in the original bill passed
upon by the committee. The whole bill is before
the House, and we cannot have a vote upon the
separate items of th« original bill, but only upon
the amendments adopted in the committee.
