m
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 14,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
to as many different versions as there are sections
in the Union, and upon which opposite construc-
tions may be put with equal plausibility to suit
the peculiar views of each locality, is the law
which is so much extolled in this report, which,
however, omits to explain the meaning of the
principle it so much eulogizes, and about which
jio much controversy has arisen; but its author,
"TMr. Douglas,] in a speech delivered in this
body, in 1850, showed the fallacy of the positions
now assumed by the South, and that to prohibit
slavery in a Territory was no violation of south-
ern rights. He then said:
" What share had the South in the Territories ? or the
North? or anv other geographical division unknown to the
Constitution?" I answer, none j none at all. The Territories
belong to the United States as one people, one nation, and
are to be disposed of for the common benefit of all, accord-
ing to the principles of the Constitution. Each State, as a
member of the Confederacy, has a right to a voice m form-
ing the roles and regulations for the government of the 1 er-
ritories; but the different sections—North, South, East, and
West—have no such right. It is no violation of southern
rights to prohibit slavery, nor of northern rights to leave the
people to decide the question for themselves.'
Again, in the same speech, my colleague said:
" Some species of property are excluded by law in most
of the States, as well as Territories, as being unwise, im-
moral, or contrary to the principles of sound public policy.
For instance, the banker is prohibited from emigrating to
Minnesota. Oregon, or California with his bank. The bank |
may be property by the laws of New York, but ceases to be
so when taken into a State or Territory where banking is
prohibited by the local law. So, ardent spirits, whisky,
brandy, all the intoxicating drinks, are recognized and pro-
tected as property in most of the States, if not all of them ;
but no citiien, whether from the North or South, can take
this species of property with him, and hold, sell, or use it
at his pleasure, in all the Territories, because it is prohibited
by the local law—in Oregon by the statutes of the Terri-
tory, and in the Indian country by the acts of Congress.
Nor can a man go there, and take and hold his slave for
the same reason. These laws, and many others involving
similar principles, are directed against no section, and im-
pair the rights of no State of the Union. They are laws
against the introduction, sale, and use of specific kinds of
property, whether brought from the North or the South, or
from foreign countries."
The distinguished Senator from Michigan, in
his speech when the Kansas-Nebraska act was
under consideration, devoted a large portion of it
to this question, and proved conclusively that the
exclusion of slaves from a Territory was no en-
croachment upon the equal rights of the people
of the South.
Now, sir, I assert that the boasted principle of
the Kansas-Nebraska act, which is claimed to be
of such vital moment, has no sort of importance
except for evil in consequence of its vagueness
and uncertainty; that it is a principle which is
not understood alike in the North and in the
South; and that while much pains is taken in the
report to discuss constitutional questions, it does
not inform us whether under the Constitution and
the Kansas act, slaves may rightly be taken to
and held in that Territory m the absence of any
municipal law on the subject. Nor are we told
distinctly in the report whether the Territorial
Legislature has a right to prohibit or to establish
slavery. I admit it does tell us that the people
of the Territory are to regulate their own domes-
tic institutions in their own way; but when, is
not said.
This clause is understood by some to apply to
the people of a Territory when they come to
form a State government, and that they are to be
permitted then, and not brfore, to regulate their
own domestic institutions in their own way.
That I believe to be the southern understanding
of the bill. But the author of the report has not
thought proper to tell us distinctly whether it is
his understanding or not.
I come next to that portion of the report which
assails the emigrant aid society. Sir, I am not
the apologist of that society. There are Sena-
tors here much better acquainted with its opera-
tions, and much more capable of defending it,
if it needs defense, than I am; but I wish to look
at it in the light in which it is preeented in this
report. I will not travel out of the record after
rumors, as has sometimes been charged, but will
take the statements of the report itself, and then
call the attention of the Senate to the doctrines
which were promulgated when the Kansas-Ne-
braska act was passed, and ask whether there be
anything in the action of the emigrant aid society
as set forth, not as argued, in the report, at all in-
consistent with the doctrines which were promul-
gated on all sides of the Senate when that act
was under consideration. The report says:
"Altlioush the act of incorporation does not distinctly
declare that the company was formed for the purpose of
controlling the domestic institutions of the Territory of
Kansas, and forcing it into the Union with a prohibition of
slavery in her constitution, regardless of the rights and
tIrishes of the people, as guarantied by the Constitution of
the United States, and secured by their organic law, yet the
whole history of the movement, the circumstances in
which it had its origin, and the professions and avowals of
all engaged in it, render it certain and undeniable that such
was its object."
Thus the charge is distinctly made, that the
object of the emigrant aid society was, "regard-
less of the rights and wishes of the people as
guarantied by the Constitution of the United States
and secured by their organic law," " to force Kan-
sas into the Union with a prohibition of slavery
in her constitution." Let us see how that charge
compares with the declarations of Senators at
the time the bill was under consideration. The
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] took
the trouble, a few days since, to read to the Sen-
ate the opinions of Senators, both from the North
1 and the South, delivered when that bill was pend- j
ing, and I think he read from the remarks of ten j
or a dozen Senators, in which they stated in the j
strongest language that the question of the repeal ;
of the Missouri compromise was of no practical
importance, and that slavery could never go to ,
Kansas. It was then asserted by some of the
advocates of the bill that every sensible man knew,
and every candid man would admit, that soil and
climate forbade the introduction of slaves into the
Nebraska-Kansas region, which is all above 36°
30'. This opinion was sustained, as the Senator
from New Hampshire proved, by Mr. Pettit, of
Indiana; Mr. Hunter, of Virginia; Mr. Toucey,
of Connecticut; Mr. Thomson, of New Jersey;
Mr. Brodhead, of Pennsylvania; Mr. Badger, of
North Carolina; Mr. Everett, of Massachusetts,
(who quotes, as sustaining him in his opinion,
" what everybody knew;") Mr. Douglas, of Illi-
nois; Mr. Dixon, of Kentucky; Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee; and Mr. Cass, (who quotes all these.) 1
All these Senators, except Mr. Everett, were j
advocates of the bill; and it was proclaimed on all
sides of the Senate that no practical importance
attached to the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise, because Kansas was not intended to be a
slave Territory, and slavery would never go there.
One Senator, on a previous occasion, had said:
" I know of no man who advocates the extension
of slavery over country now free." This was
very strong language, and it is to be found in a
speech delivered in the Senate, in 1849, by the
author of the report upon which I am comment-
ing, and afterwards reported in the Congressional
Globe. It was proclaimed to the world by the ad.
vocates of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, that Kansas
was to be a free Territory. It was said on the
face of the bill that its intention was " not to legis-
late slavery in to " the Territory. Then, let me ask,
how did the emigrant aid society, as is charged
in this report, act " regardless of the rights and
wishes of the people," as secured by the organic
act, in aiding to settle Kansas with a free State
population ? It was proclaimed to the citizens of
Massachusetts that Kansas was to be a free State.
Gentlemen from the South said they expected
nothing else. Still, when a society is formed for
the purpose of aiding emigrants to settle in it as
a free Territory, and to make it a free State, they
are charged with acting " regardless of the prin-
ciples" of the Kansas-Nebraska act!
Again, the report states that the society secured
the color of legal authority to sanction their pro-
ceedings, and acted " in perversion of the plain
provisions of an act of Congress." The objects
of the emigrant aid society, as set out in the report,
are said to be, to aid emigrants going to Kansas,
with the expectation that it will be a free State.
Was not that your expectation here ? Now, it
is charged upon those who went to work to ac-
complish the very object' which you yourselves
said was to be brought about, that they acted " in
perversion of the plain provisions of an act of
Congress." A plain statement of facts is all that
is necessary to expose the unfairness of this part
of the report. Let the people—the candid ana the
considerate, those not led Dy impulse and preju-
dice, but by their reason and judgment—look at
the facts, and ask themselves if the persons
assisted on their way to Kansas by the emigrant
aid society did anything wrong—if they violated
any provision of the organic act when they went
there to do that which, upon all sides, it was
admitted was to be done ?
Again, this report, after admitting the right of
persons from any quarter to go to the Territory
and settle as independent freemen, says:
" But it is a very different thing where a State creates a
vast moneyed corporation for the purpose of controlling the
domestic institutions of a distinct political community fif-
teen hundred miles distant, and sends out the emigrants
only as a means of accomplishing its paramount political
objects. When a powerful corporation, with a capital of
Su,000,000 invested in houses and lands, in merchandise and
mills, in cannon and rifles, in powder and lead, in all the
implements of art, agriculture, and war, and employing a
corresponding number ot men, all under the management
and control of non-resident directors and stockholders, who
are authorized bv their charter to vote by proxy to the
extent of fiftv votes each, enters a distant and sparsely-
settled Territory with the fixed purpose of wielding all in its
power to control the domestic institutions and destinies of
the Territory"—
And so it would be a very different thing; but
has any such thing occurred ? Never. The pro-
ceedings of the emigrant aid society, which are
incorporated in the report, do not set forth any
such state of fact. They do not show that the
emigrant aid society has invested a capital of
#5,000,000, or one cent, in powder and ball, in
cannon and rifle. Oh, no! The report is very
far from charging that. Such a charge, if made,
could be met and refuted. What is charged? It
, is alleged in the report that an emigrant aid so-
i ciety was incorporated,&c.; and then it declaims
! against a society that should invest its means in
I powder and cannon, rifle and ball, to control the
! domestic institutions of a distant Territory. This
! is not charged directly upon the emigrant aid
| society, but by inference only. When a society
; shall be found so engaged in fact, I will unite with
j the committee in opposition to its insurrectionary
1 movements; but I am not Quixotic enough to
j combat with windmills and shadows.
! A society relying upon force and ammunition
' for its success would more nearly resemble those
which were organized in western Missouri; and
the mistake on the part of the author of this elab-
orate report seems to have been in assigning the
formation and existence of the society he de-
scribed to a wrong locality.
We might take up the charter of the coloniza-
tion society, and, after reading it, proceed to de-
claim against the abomination of getting up an
organization to produce insurrection among the
negroes; but the colonization society and insur-
rection would have no more to do with each other
than good and evil. They are as far apart as the
poles; and so is the real action of the emigrant
aid society and that action which is argued against
in this report. It is against assumptions of this
kind in the report that I am speaking.
Here is another specimen of its fairness:
" When the emigrants sent out by the Massachusetts Em-
igrant Aid Company, and their affiliated societies, passed
through the State of Missouri in large numbers on their way
to Kansas, the violence of their language, and the unmis-
takable indications of their determined hostility to the do-
mestic institutions of that State, excited apprehensions that
the object of the company was to abolitionize Kansas."
What! "abolitionize Kansas!" It was said
on all sides of the Senate Chamber, that it was
never meant to have slavery go into Kansas.
What is meant, then, by abolitionizing Kansas?
Is it abolitionizing a Territory already free, and
which was never meant to be anything but free,
for free-State men to settle in it? I cannot under-
I stand the force of such language; but they were
to abolitionize Kansas, according to this report,
and for what purpose? " As a means for prose-
1 cuting a relentless warfare on the institution of
| slavery within the limits of Missouri." Where
; is the evidence that such was the design ? I would
[ like to see it. It is not in this report; and if it
exists I will go as far as the gentleman to put it
down. I will neither tolerate nor countenance, by
my action here or elsewhere, any society which
is resorting to means for prosecuting a " relent-
less warfare upon the institution of slavery
within the limits of Missouri," or any other State.
But there is not a particle of evidence of any such
intention in the document which professes to set
forth the acts of the emigrant aid society, and
which is incorporated into this report. But the
report goes further and says:
