1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20a
34th Cong..-1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
" The natural consequence was, that immediate steps
were taken bv the people of the western counties of Mist- '
soun to stimulate, orjranixe, and carry into effect a system j
of einismtioii similar lo that of the Massachusetts Emigrant
Aid Company, lor the avowed purpose of counteracting the
effect.*, and protecting themselves and their domestic institu
tions from the consequences of that company's operations.
'• The material difference in the character of the two rival
and conflicting movements consists in the fact, that the one
had its origin in an aggressive, and the other in a defensive
policy: the one organized in pursuance of the provisions
and claiming to act under the authority of a legislative
enactment of a distant State, whose internal prosperity and
domestic security did not depend upon the success of the
movement; while the other was the spontaneous action of
the people living in the immediate vicinity of the theater of
operations, excited by a sense of common danger to the
necessity of protecting their own firesides from the appre-
hended horrors of sen ile insurrection and intestine war."
I could bring the President of the United States
as a witness against these assumptions; for he has
told us, in his special message on Kansas affairs,
in alluding to the action of the Emigrant Aid
Society, that its action was " far from justifying
the illegal and reprehensible counter-movements
which ensued."
Now, sir, what are the facts? Will those two
movements bear comparison at all? Are they of
the same character? The report sets forth, in its
most objectionable features, no doubt, the action
of the emigrant aid society, and it amounts
simply to this: that it was taking measures to aid
persons on their way to Kansas for the settle-
ment of the country to remain there as settlers.
There is not a particle of evidence in the report—
it is not even asserted, that the emigrants who
went forth under the patronage of the emigrant
aid society did not go to Kansas to reside. There
may be an argument in the report against persons
who went there under the patronage of that soci-
ety without the intention of residing; but there is
no allegation that any such did go.
Well, sir, what are the facts in reference to the
organizations in the western counties of Missouri?
I shall not detain the Senate by going over a mi-
nute history of the transactions on that border.
The Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wulson,]
a few days ago, did that; and he showed that men
went into Kansas from Missouri in organized
companies, with music beating and banners fly-
ing; that they went to the polls, took possession
of them and voted; that in that Territory, where
there were but 2,877 voters when the census was j
taken in February, more than 6,000 votes were
cast in the month of March following. He read
from papers to show that the Missourians return-
ed in companies to their homes sifter the election
was over. The matter was of public notorie-
ty. Everybody knew it. Is there any instance
where the emigrant aid society, or persons sent
out under its patronage, ever drove' a man from
the polls? It is not pretended. Is there any com-
parison between the peaceable emigrant who goes
into a Territory to settle and reside, and an army
of invaders who go there to impose laws on its
defenseless inhabitants ? To show the spirit of
the men upon the Missouri border and those af-
filiated with them in Kansas, I will read an article
from the Squatter Sovereign of May 29, 1855,
which was before the Legislature met; this is it:
"From reports now received of Reeder, be never intends
returning to our borders. Should he do so, we, without
hesitation, say that our people ought to hang him by the
neck like a traitorous dog, as he is, so soon as he puts his
unhallowed feet upon our shores.
" Vindicate your characters and the Territory; and should
the ungrateful dog dare to come among us again, hang him
to the first rotten tree.
" A military force to protect the ballot-box! Let Presi-
dent Pierce or Governor Keeder, or any other power, at-
tempt such a course in this, or any portion of the Union, and [
that day will never be forgotten." i
The paper which contained this article has
flaunting at its head these words: " In this paper
the laws of Congress are published by authority.''
The editors of the paper are " Stringfellow and
Kelly." It will be remembered that the election
for members of the Legislature took place on the
30th of March, 1855. i
In the Sauatter Sovereign of April I following |
is published this article: |
" Ihdefekdemcb, March 31,1835.
" Several hundred emigrants from Kansas have just entered
our city. They were preceded by the West port and Inde-
pendence brass bands. They came in at the west side of
the public square, and proceeded entirely around it, the j
bands cheering us with fine music, and the emigrants with j
good news. Immediately following the bands were about
two handled horsemen in regular order; following these 1
were one hundred and fifty wagons, carriages, &c. They
gave repeated cheers for Kansas and Missouri. They report
that not an anti-Slavery man will be in the Legislature of
Kansas. We have made a clean sweep."
Had the emigrant aid society been guilty of
half the outrages which are here published to the
world with impunity by the Missourians, do you
believe the facts would have been smothered up
by this report ? The most objectionable features
in the transactions of that society are set forth in
the report; and is there anything in them to com-
pare with what the Missourians boast of having
aone ? Two hundred horsemen were following in
the rear of the army as it returned from Kansas—
the army which, in the language of Governor
Reeder, while Governor, had "conquered and
subjugated" the people of the Territory. And
this we are told was an organization similar to
the emigrant aid society !
Next, Mr. President, the report gives in detail
the proceedings of Governor Keeder preparatory
to the election, the orders which he issued for
protecting the polls, and various matters con-
nected with the election. Bear in mind that it
does not deny this invasion from Missouri. No,
sir, that fact is too well authenticated; but it
argues that the persons elected as members of the
Territorial Legislature received certificates of
election from Governor Reeder, were recognized
by him as a Legislature, and therefore its acts
are binding! That is the substance of the argu-
ment. It does not pretend to deny that the elec-
tions were carried by fraud; that the people of
Kansas were conquered and driven from the polls,
as was published, and alleged all over the country,
and is a fact as well known to every intelligent
man in the land as it is that the English and the
Russians have lately been at war.
But, sir, it is said that the laws passed by this
spurious Legislature are binding, and are to be
enforced at the point of the bayonet; and those
who deny their validity are to be treated as in-
surrectionists and traitors. The action of Gover-
nor Reeder is referred to as giving validity to the
Legislature of the oppressors. Can that give any
force to these acts, if the facts alleged be true?
Does the report meet the real question at issue ?
If it be true, that the elections in any Territory
of this Union were carried by people from a
neighboring State, or fromaforeign country, and
a Legislature were thereby imposed upon the
people of the insulted Territory, I ask, is there
a man in America who would have the hardihood
to say that the acts of the Legislature must be
obeyed because the Governor of the Territory
had recognized it, or because those elected by
the invaders decided their election to be valid ?
Of course the Legislature so decided. Did you
ever know a tyrant or a despot trampling on the
necks of his subjects deny his own right to do
so ? Such an act would be the most remarkable
exhibition the world ever saw. And yet it is
gravely argued in this report that, because the
oppressors decided that tney had the right to
oppress, we cannot, therefore, inquire into the
fact whether they were oppressors or not. It
has been contended in debate here, that we are
estopped from looking into the transaction in
consequence of the acts of Governor Reeder.
Sir, who was Governor Reeder? An instru-
ment in the hands of the Executive, appointed by
the President of the United States, ana removable
at his will. It has been contended that the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act established the principle of self-
government and popular sovereignty in the people
of the Territory; but when you look into the act,
you find that the Governor is not elected by the
people, that they have no voice in his election, or
in his removal, but that he is the mere instrument
of the President, and liable to be removed at any
moment.
I deny that a territorial Governor can make
valid the acts of an assembly of usurpers by re-
cognizing them as a Legislature. The great fact
remains, and it is not met by the report, that the
people of Kansas have been conquered, as the
Governor himself once said, and a Legislature has
been imposed upon them by violence. Without
denying this, the report, to use a legal phrase,
demurs to the declaration, thereby admitting the
charge, but denying that it affords any reason
why the acts of such a Legislature should not be
enforced!
j! But, sir, an attempt is made to got rid of the
i odium justly attaching to many of the acts of
this spurious Legislature, not by directly denying
the existence of the obnoxious acts, but by intro-
ducing into the report the proceedings of a conven-
tion of the people of Kansas, composed chiefly of
office-holders, as it would seem—the Governor,
; judges, marshal, and district attorney, being
I present—which undertook to say, that the laws
of the Legislature had been most grossly mis-
represented. I wish to look a little at the justi-
1 fication thus set up, and see whether it is war-
ranted by the facts. That convention declares:
"It has been charged and widely circulated, that the
Legislature, in order to perpetuate their rule, had parsed a
law prescribing the qualification of voters, by which it is
' declared ' that any one may vote who will swear allegiance
j j to the fugitive slave law, the Kansas and Nebraska bill, and
| pay one dollar;' such is declared to be the evidence of cit-
izenship, such the qualification of voters. In reply to this
we say that no such law was ever [Kissed t>\ the Legisla-
ture. The law prescribing the qualification of voters ex-
pressly provides that to entitle a person to vote he must be
twenty one years of age, an actual inhabitant of this Ter-
ritory and of the county or district ill which he offers to
vote, and ~liall have paid a territorial tax. _ There is no law
reiptirin<: hi>n to pay a dollar tax as a iiualijicalion to vote."
We happen to have the laws here, and I wish
to call attention to some of their provisions. In
: chapter 138 of the Kansas statutes is this pro-
j vision:
| " In addition to the provisions of the act entitled ' An
I act for the collection of the revenue,' the sheriff of each
and every county shall, on or before the first Monday of
October, 1855, collect the sum of one dollar, as a poll tax,
from each person in the said Territory of Kansas who may
be entitled to vote in said Territory, as is provided in the
said act to which this is supplementary."
In chapter 66 of the same book the qualifica-
| tion of voters is prescribed as follows:
I "Every free white male citizen of the United States
j and every free male Indian who is made a citizen by treaty
or otherwise, and over the age of twenty-one years, who
shall be an inhabitant of this Territory, and of the county
or district in which he offers to vote, and shall have paid a
territorial tax, shall be a qualified voter."
Section thirteen declares:
"It shall be the duty of the sheriff to have his tax-book
at the place of holding elections, and to receive, receipt for,
and enter upon his tax-book all taxes which may be ten-
dered him on the day of any election."
Do not these statutes prove the truth of the
allegation which the office-holders' convention
has undertaken to deny? Is it not true that any
inhabitant may vote who will pay his dollar tax ?
Is not every voter required to pay the tax? Ia
not the sheriff required to be present at the polls
to receive it ? Is any residence necessary ? Not
a day. It is enough if he who claims the right
of suffrage is at the time an " inhabitant" of the
Territory and district where he offers to vote.
We all understand how this word "inhabitant"
may be construed so as to require nothing mors
than inhabitancy at the moment of voting.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will remark to the gen-
tleman, if he will allow me, that the law requir-
ing a poll tax, and providing for its collection,
was to take effect immediately; and the other law
which he has read was to take effect in October,
1856. One was the dollar tax, and the other a
fifty cent tax; and provision was made for pay-
ing at any time a man pleased.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think, then, that the
I allegations which have gone abroad are fully sus-
tained by an examination of the statutes them-
selves, and that the convention of Kansas office-
holders were themselves mistaken. Another
section of the election law declares that any person
offering to vote shall be presumed entitled to vote;
but if his right is challenged, he is required to
swear to support the Kansas-Nebraska act and the
fugitive slave law. There are many persons who
would object to swearing to sustain the fugitive
slave law; and are they to be deprived of the
right of suffrage on that account ? I will not un-
dertake to justify people who set at defiance the
the fugitive slave act. My opinion is, that under
the constitution of the country the owners of slaves
have a right to a reasonable law for their reclam-
ation when they escape.
These are my views. I avow them here and
everywhere. But, while such is my opinion, I do
not think it proper to prevent an individual who
thinks differently, and who believes the fugitive
slave law to be unconstitutional, from voting.
There are persons South, as well as North, who
believe it to be unconstitutional; and to require
