1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. G:1X)S?E.
Mr. THORINGTON. I withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. QUITMAN. I am sorry that the gentle-
man from Missouri has come under the declara-
tion which I made several days ago, but I am
obliged to be impartial. I therefore object to his
going on.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move a suspension*of
the rule, so as to enable the gentleman to go on.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the object is only to
suspend it for the time being, I shall oppose it.
If it is the intention of the House to go into a
discussion of these questions before the election
of a Speaker, I wish to be heard upon all of them;
and I wish, therefore, that upon the potion sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Tennessee a test
may be made. I ana willing to adhere to the ten-
minute rule, and have been so up to this time. I
conformed to it myself the other day, when I was
anxious to go on. If a majority of the House
stand with me, we can vote down the motion to
suspend the rule in this instance; but if a majority
wisii to launch out into debate, let us rescind the
rale directly; I am willing to do that. But if it is
rescinded in one ease,and one gentleman is allowed
to go on, I shall certainly claim also to be heard
t^efox-e the House uponall those questions involved
ill the organization. I shall vote against suspend-
ing the rule.
Mr, OLIVER, of Missouri. I do not think that
this House, or the country, would lose anything
by admitting the widest latitude of debate. In
view of the circumstances by which we find our-
selves surrounded, I think that the least possible
limitation or restriction should be thrown round
the privileges of debate.
W e have been voting for a Speaker for the last
six weeks without attaining any practical result.
I believe that, under the circumstances, itis import-
ant, for the establishment and the ascertainment
of great principles, that we should be permitted
to enter into the -widest possible range of debate,
in order that not only ourselves, but the whole
country, may know how it is, why it is, and
upon what ground, we are here in an unorganized
state for this length of time. I trust my colleague
will be permitted to proceed. I desire to hear
from him, and to hear from him the reasons
which have induced him to pursue the course
which he has during this session. I also wish to
be heard myself, and to give to this House, my
constituents, and the country, the reasons by
which I have been influenced in constantly casting
ray vote for the honorable gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] for the Speaker of this House,
as also the reasons which will lead me to continue
to so cast my votes to the end of the chapter.
I therefore hope the House will allow my col-
league to proceed with his remarks. No harm
can be done to the country by debate. Wc may
vote and vote on the whole day without attaining
any practical result, as wc have voted for the hist
eix weeks. But discussion is useful to us, use-
ful to the country, and I sincerely trust it will be
permitted to proceed.
Mr. MEACHAM. I object entirely to any
suspension of the ten-minute rule temporarily. I
neither wish to make a speech myself, nor do I
want to hear any other member of Congress make
one, until we have a Speaker; but I think it is but
fair, if one individual should be permitted unlim-
ited time to speak, another man should have the
same privilege; and therefore 1 say the restriction
should be removed entirely, or not at all.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a point of order.
It is this, that when the roll is being called, no
motion and no debate is in order. If the Clerk
decides that the motion is out of order, then wo
get rid of the debate. I hope the Clerk will de-
cide the question.
Mr. MEA.CHAM. I only want fair play.
Let all have the same privileges and stand upon
the same platform of rights.
The CLKRK. The Clerk was about to say
that, in his opinion, the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Air. Etheriooe] is notin order;
and he would suggest to the gentleman that he with-
draw it until the result of tins vote is announced.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I rise for the purpose
of appealing to the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. CIuitman] to withdraw his objection to my
colleague proceeding. I understand he is the
only individual who objected.
The CLERIC. A.number of others objected.
^ Mr. CARUTHERS. Then I appeal to all who
objected to withdraw their objections.
The CLERK. Will the gentleman allow the re-
sult of the vote to be announced before he proceeds ?
Mr. CARUTHERS. Certainly.
The result of the .vote was then announced, as
above recorded.
DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I have in my hand a
resolution, which I propose to send to the Clerk's
desk to be read to the House. In this prolonged
contest for Speaker there has been one feature
developed to which I wish to advert for a mo-
ment. Of the three principal candidates who have
been voted for for Speaker, there is but one who
has answered the questions which have been pro-
pounded to them touching political principles in-
volved in this contest. The other two gentlemen
have declined to answer, for reasons, doubtless,
satisfactory to themselves.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Poller,] for whom I have cast my votes,
has frankly and fully nnswered all the questions
put to him. When questions were propounded
to the distinguished gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson]—a gentleman for whom I have
great personal respect, and in whose position upon
many great questions of national politics I heartily
sympathize—he declined to answer, upon the
ground that he was a candidate. I understand
that some of the friends of that gentleman regard
his remark, declining to answer, as made m a
jocular spirit. Whether that was so or not, when
questions were propounded to the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] he
declined to answer, availing himself of the answer
of the gentleman from Illinois as a precedent for
his course.
Now, sir, wc have tried almost every expedient
to bring about a solution of this question, which
blocks up the business of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress for a period of five or six weeks. And I
now propose to recur to the great fundamental
principles which lie at the bottom of republican
Government,. When men aspire to political
office, it is their duty, frankly and fully, to answer
all questions which relate to questions involved
in their election. Believing in the correctness of
that principle, and m order that my friend from
Illinois may be oble to unfetter the lips of tiio
gentleman from Massachusetts, I propose to ask
the gentleman from Illinois a question or two. I
ask him whether I am right m supposing that
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson]
regards the Konsos-Nebr:-i-;k;i bill as promotive
of the formation of free States in the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska.? Am J risrht in sup-
posing he advocates the constitutionality of the
Wilntot proviso; that in IPjU he opposed its ap-
plication to the territories acquired trom Mexico,
only upon the ground that it was unnecessary,
inasmuch as the Mexican local laws in those ter-
ritories already abolished slavery—which ought
to be sufficient for all Free-Soil men; and that he
committed himself to the position that if territo-
rial bills (silent upon the subject, of slavery, and
leaving the Mexican law to operate) were de-
feated, he would vote for bills with the Wilmot
proviso in them ? Am 1 right in supposing that
his theory is, that the Constitution of the United
States does not carry slavery to, and protect it
in, the Territories of the United States ? That in
the territory acquired from France, (including
Kansas and Nebraska,) the Missouri restrlciiou
was necessary to make the territory free, becau.-'e
slavery existed there under France at the time nf
the acquisition, but that the Kansas and Nebraska :
bill, which repeals that restriction, but neither I
legislates slavery into those Territories nor ex-
cludes it therefrom, in his opinion, leaves those
Territories without either local or constitutional
law protecting slavery; and that therefore the
Kansas nnd Nebraska bill promotes the formation
of free States in Kansas and Nebraska?
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to my friend
that, if this course of questioning candidates is to
be pursued, he had better reduce his quesrions to
writmg, and then there can be no difficulty or cavil
on the part of anybody or any party in this House.
Place them in writing, and then the candidates for
the speakership can have an opportunity to an-
swer them understamhngly.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I •will reduce them to
writing, if it is,desired,,'emd thus give my friend
from Illinois an opportunity to answer.
Mr. RICHARDSON; I will answer all the
questions which the gentleman has proposed to
me, and all others—only reduce them to writing.
["Right!" 4'Right!'']
The CLERK. Did the gentleman from Ten-
nessee propose a resolution?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. As I said before, I have
great respect for the gentleman from Illinois, and
agree with him in some of his opinions on great
national questions; but I believed there were some
things which wore not generally understood here,
and for that reason I have propounded the ques-
tions I have. I now send the resolution which I
have prepared to the Clerk.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That in conformity with the principles of agreat
popular Government, such asthot of the United States, it is
the duty of all candidates for political position tiankly and
fully to natc their opinions upon unpoitaut political ques-
tions involved in their election, and especially when they
aie mteiro cited by the body of electors whose votes they
are seeking.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask my friend from Ten-
nessee whether he proposes to propound the same
questions to his own candidate?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFEll. I understand that the
gentleman for whom I have been voting is willing
to answer any questions.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is not an answer to
my question. The gentleman can answer my
question, and that is, whether or not he intends
to propound the same questions to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] and to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ranks,]
or whether he proposes to confine them to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson?]
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The gentleman for
whom 1 have voted has answered all the ques-
tions involved in this controversy.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman seems dis-
posed to catcchise the gentleman from Illinois in
order to break the ice. Why not break the ice
upon his own side of the House, and why should
his questions be confined to one candidate? The
gentleman from Illinois has indicated his pur-
pose—a correct purpose—to answer any anu. all
questions, and I want those same questions put
to all the candidates. Another thing; it is im-
possible that either one of those candidates could
answer those questions within the limit of ten
minutes. Now, sir, I ask my friend from Ten-
nessee, whether he will not so modify or restrict
his questions as that gentlemen can give full and
distinct answers within the time allowed them by
the rule?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] seems to take great
interest in this matter. Does he wince?
Mr. HOUSTON. Not a particle of interest.
Mr. ZOLLi COFFER. I will reduce these
questions to writing-, as requested by the gentle-
man from Alabama, and furnish the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] with a copy of
them.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not raise any objection
at all to your doing so. I would not have made
these remarks, or interfered in the matter, but for
the very prompt and manly manner in which the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] ac-
cepted the gauntlet thrown down by the gentle-
man from Tennesson, [Mr. Zollicoffer.] The
gentleman from Illinois has shown not only his
willingness, but his desire, to answer promptly
and fully, and he will do so. But 011 unfair in-
ference is capable of being drawn, and might bo
drawn, frmn the fact of these questions being
pi opounucd only to the honorable gentleman from
Illinois, as if he were the only one of the candi-
dates filling to make known his position on those
points. I do not suppose that my friend from
Tennessee intended such an improper and unfair
inference to be drawn from his questions; but he
cannot fail to sec that such infei^nce might be
drav, )>, and 1 desire promptly to repel such an
idea in connection with 3ns remarks.
Mr. STEPHE?-TS. As I heard that resolution
read, I cordially approve it.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) I was going
to add one other remark, and that was this 
The CLER Lv . The Clerk understood the gen-
tleman from Alabama as yielding the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I had not yielded the floor,
