504
appendix to the congressional globe.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Trumbull.
[March 14,
Senate.
of such persons, or any person, an oath to sup-
port it as a qualification to vote is oppressive.
There are features in the fugitive slave act repul-
sive to many persons. ^No man wants to take an
oath to assist in apprehending runaway negroes.
Again, it is said, in reference to this election
law:
" It is difficult to see how a more guarded laxv could be
framed for tlie purpose of protecting the purity of elections
and the sanctity of the ballot-box."
It is difficult to see how a more guarded law
could be framed than that which permits any male
citizen of twenty-one years of age to vote who is
an inhabitant of the Territory, and pays a dollar!
That is a guarded law in the opinion of thfi oifi-
cials of Kansas. Again, they say :
" It has also been charged against the Legislature that
they elected all the officers of the Territory for six years.
This is without any foundation. They elected no omcer
for sis years; and the only civil officers they retain the elec-
tion of that occur to us at present, are the auditor and
treasurer of state, and the district attorneys, who noia
their offices for four and not six years. By the organic act,
the commissions issued by the Governor io the civil otneers
of the Territory all expired on the adjournment of the
Le"i«Iature. To prevent a failure in the local administra-
tion, and from necessity, the Legislature made a number ol
temporary appointments, such as probate judge, and two
county commissioners and a sheriff for each county. The
probate judge and county commissioners constitute the tri-
bunal for the transaction of county business, and are in-
vested with the power to appoint justices of the peace, con-
stables, county surveyors,recorder, and clerk, &c. Probate
judges, county commissioners, sheriffs, &c., are all tempo-
rary appointments, and are made elective by the people at
the first annual election in 1367."
Now for the facts: chapter 93, section 4, of the
Kansas laws, is as follows:
" Every justice of the peace shall hold his office for the
term of five years, and until his successor is duly chosen
and qualified."
That is very plain. Justices of the peace are
to hold their offices for five years, and that is, I
suppose, considered but temporarily in Kansas.
Another act, chapter 37, provides for the organ-
ization of Arrapahoe county, and section 2 is
as follows: "Allen P. Tibetts is hereby ap-
pointed judge of the probate court of Arrapahoe
county."
Section 4 declares:
" The said judge of probate shall have power to appoint
such officers of the county as are specified in this act, and
not appointed, and justify the same. All such appoint-
ments made by the judge of probate shall be entered of
record."
Section 8 declares:
" The said judge of probate shall have full power to ap-
point a justice or justices of the peace within and for said
county. Section 9. There shall be appointed by said judge
one sheriff, one treasurer, (who shall be ex officio assessor,)
and one surveyor."
The Legislature create a judge, who is author-
ized to appoint the sheriff, the treasurer, justices
of the peace for five years—all the officers; and
this is what is denominated the " self-govern-
ment," and "popularsovereignty," guarantied
by the Kansas-Nebraska act to the people of those
Territories, and these are the laws which are to
be enforced at the point of the bayonet.
I come now to a portion of this report with
which I am very much gratified, n part of it which
I can indorse, as enunciating the true doc-
trine in reference to the rights of a people in a
Territory, but it is very much at war with that
other d octrine which has been proclaimed th rough-
out the land on nearly every stump in the West,
that the people of a Territory possess the power
of self-government, and the right of sovereignty.
The question has been asked over and over again,
by every village politician advocating the Kansas-
Nebraska act, "Why does not a man possess
just as much power to govern himself when he
moves out of a State into a Territory, as he did
when he lived in a State ?" The question has been
asked -of assembled thousands, " Do you lose
your senses when you go into a Territory, that
you cannot govern yourselves?" The "great
principle" of the Kansas-Nebraska bill was said
to be, that it guarantied " sovereignty " and
"self-government" to the people of the Terri-
tory. The idea that self-government could be de-
rived, and sovereignty conferred, was, of course,
an absurdity, but "self-government and pop-
ular sovereignty " were captivating terms, and
veil calculated to mislead. They have answered
their purpose, and are now cast aside. The
report says;
" The sovereignty of a Territory remains in abeyance,
'suspended in the United States, in trust for the people until
they shall be admitted into the Union as a State."
Never was a truer sentiment advanced; and ]
hope never again to hear of " squatter sover-
eignty," " popularsovereignty,"and "self-gov-
ernment," as applied to the people of a Territory
under a territorial government; but the very next
sentence of the report has the word " self-govern-
ment " crowded into it, as if it would not do to
omit it altogether. Hence it is asserted, that the
people of the Territory "are entitled to enjoy
and exercise all the privileges and rights of self-
government in subordination to the Constitution
of the United States, and in obedience to their
organic law, passed by Congress in pursuance of
that instrument,"
Nobody ever doubted that they had a right to
exercise all the privileges, not of self-government,
but of government, conferred upon them by the
organic act. If the word " self" had been left
out, the sentence would have been complete, and
consistent with the one which precedes it. The
report says:
"These rights and privileges are all derived from the
Constitution, through the act of Congress, and must be
| exercised and enjoyed in subjection to all the limitations
and restrictions which that Constitution imposes. Hence
it is clear that the people of the Territory have no inherent
sovereign right under the Constitution of the United States
to annul the laws and resist the authority of the territorial
government which Congress has establiihed in obedience
to the Constitution."
There is the whole doctrine clearly stated.
The people of a Territory have no inherent rights
to pass laws except in accordance with the charter
granted them by Congress. This was the doc-
trine of the fathers of the Republic; and I rejoice
exceedingly that the committee have come to
this conclusion in their report. I hope we shall
hear no more about this idea of sovereignty in a
Territory—an idea utterly inconsistent with its
existence as a part of the U nion. Two sovereign-
ties cannot exist within the same dominion. One
must be subject to the other.
The committee attribute the origin of the diffi-
culties in Kansas to an attempt to violate the
principle of the organic act. What this principle
is the report does not explain, except in the con-
fused language of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
which, as has already been shown, is understood
differently in different parts of the Union.
Sir, I do not trace these difficulties to violations
of the mongrel principle of the Kansas-Nebraska
act. That act contains no definite, fixed, and
certain principle. It is admitted in the report
that all the powers of the people of the Territory
are in subordination to Congress, and are held in
abeyance by Congress so long as the Territory
lasts. There is no principle established by the
territorial act which has been violated. That act
professed to throw the whole Territory open to
competition, or rather the authors of the bill pro-
fessed to believe, and informed the country that
slavery was not intended to go into Kansas or
Nebraska; that nobody expected it. It was but
natural, then, that those persons who were opposed
to slavery, and who preferred to live in a com-
munity where slavery did not exist, should have
flocked to that Territory which they were told
was to be free. This violated no principle of the
law.
What, then, sir, is the occasion of the excite-
ment now existing throughout the length and
breadth of this land? I will tell you. It has its
origin solely in that one fatal mistake made two
years a go, when the Missouri compromise was
repealed. If the policy adopted in 1850, which
was to leave the question of slavery in a country
when organized into a Territory in the condition
Congress found it at the time, had been adhered
to, there would have been no difficulty; we should
have had no slavery agitation; and at this time
there would Lave been no occasion for procla-
mations from the President, nor orders from the
Secretary of War, to enforce the laws in any part
j of the country at the point of the bayonet. The
j policy of 1850 was a let-alone policy. Congress
j at that time found the territory which we had ac-
i quired during the Mexican war with an existing
1 T C!'?. . itin£ slavery, and what did Congress
do. Did it repeal that law? Certainly not; but it
I organized the Territories of Utah and New Mex-
ico, leaving the law as it found it. It was then
contended on this floor by Senators North and
South, and I could read by the hour from the
opinions of the most distinguished men of this
body at that time to show, that the Mexican laws
by which slavery was abolished were left in full
force. That was the opinion of the distinguished
Senator from Michigan.
TheCommittee on Territories, who reported the
firstNebraska bill,stated thatit would be a depart-
ure from the policy adopted in 1850, which was
to leave the Territories of Utah and New Mexico
as Congress found them, with the Mexican law
untouched, if they were now to introduce a pro-
vision to repeal the eighth section of the act for
admitting Missouri into the Union, and, there-
fore, they recommended not to repeal that provis-
ion. Afterwards different counsels prevailed,
and it is to thosp diffeient counsels that we owe
all the excitement, and all the agitation, and all
the danger which have grown out of this ques-
tion. Such was the opinion of the distinguished
Senator from Michigan at the time the Nebraska
bill was under consideration; and, in the com-
mencement of his remarks on that occasion, he
expresses his regret that a provision should have
been introduced to repeal the Missouri compro-
mise, and open again the agitation of this dan-
gerous question.
Now, sir, what is the remedy? It is obvious.
If we could approach this question calmly and
dispassionately, without excitement; if Senators
could be actuated by that feeling which seemed (o
animate them some years ago, when they said
they had no expectation of slavery going into
Kansas, and which animated our fathers when
the Missouri compromise was adopted, it seems
to me they would consent to restore it, and in so
doing they would, in my opinion, in thirty days
give peace to the country. If we could forget
the excitement growing out of misapprehension
in different parts of the country, as to the views
entertained in other parts, ana look upon this
question as friends of the Union, as lovers of
the Constitution, as men willing to do all that lies
in our power to perpetuate the glorious heritage
which has been handed down to us, I think we
should be willing to do this. I shall not, how-
ever, make the proposition, for the reason that I
cannot see any probability of its passage at this
time. It should have my vote, and I should be
exceedingly glad to see it proposed with a pros-
pect of success, and coming from Senators resid-
ing in the South.
But, sir, if that cannot be done, what is it our
duty to do ? Shall we sit still and leave these
obnoxious laws which have been alluded to, and
many others to which I have not alluded, but to
which the attention of the Senate has been hereto-
fore called in this discussion, in full force ? Is that
statute to remain in force in the Territory which
makes it a penal offense, punishable by impris-
onment for two years, for a person to say that
slavery does not rightfully exist in Kansas ?
Why, sir, before God, I believe it does not right-
fully exist there. Every man who believes that
the Territorial Legislature which sat in Kansas
was imposed upon the people by fraud and vio-
lence—that it was a usurpation—and that slavery
cannot exist without a municipal law to protect
it, must believe that slavery does not rightfully
exist in Kansas; and yet he is liable to punish-
ment for avowing that opinion; and not only for
avowing it, but for circulating a document that
avows it!
Instead of meeting this question in a fraternal
spirit, with kindness upon all sides, we hear it
said that these laws are to be enforced at the point
of the bayonet; and the President is commended
by Senators for the course he has taken in refer-
ence to this matter. Now, I wish to review the
President's action upon this subject. I know it
has been said that the laws are to be enforced,
and that we must put down traitors and insur-
rectionists. True, sir; but we must find traitors
before we hang them; there must be an insur-
rection before we undertake to quell it. As yet
that state of things has not arisen, in my judg-
ment, which makes it proper to denounce as trai-
tors the settlers of Kansas, who have resorted to
the only means left in their power to escape the
despotism which is being imposed upon them. I
