214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
although I -am perfectly willing to give it up to
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.]
Mr. STEPHENS. You can say what you
wish; I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was just going to allude,
Mr. Clerk, to the fact that the candidate on our
side of the House is being voted for on a platform
which is a declaration of principles on these sub-
jects; and his position, therefore,is patent to the
House.
Mr. STEPHENS. I remarked, Mr. Clerk,
that I cordially approved the resolution offered
by the gentleman from Tennessee. I hold, as I
understand that resolution declares, it to be in
accordance with the fundamental principles of
the Government of the United States, that a man's
principles, who is a candidate for office, should
be known, fully, clearly, and distinctly. I am glad
to see the gentleman announce such a wholesome
truth. But, if I understand the organization of
the party to which he belongs, it had its origin in
the profoundest secresy, and all its principles, as
well as its very existence, were shielded by an
oath. At first it " lived and moved and had its
being" in secresy—against those fundamental prin-
ciples in our institutions. Now I should like to
ask that gentleman himself [Mr. Zollicoffer]
a question, and it is, whether he does not belong
to a party each member of which, at the time he
joined, was not sworn never to communicate the
fundamental principles of its organization, and
sworn never to make known even the existence
of that organization?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I am willing to answer
the question of the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] although I see that the object
is to dodge the issues presented tlna morning. I
see the fluttering movement of the partridge when
mtiking a decoy movement to elude pursuit. I
say to him, I belong to the American party; but
I belong to no party which is sworn to conceal
its fundamental principles. [Applause in the
galleries.] I belong to a party which has boldly
and fearlessly made known to the country its
national and constitutional principles, and which
conceals none of those principles.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee whether he does not belong to a party
every member of which, at the time he joined,
was sworn never to vote for any man, for any
office, but a native-born citizen, in favor of
"Americans to rule America," nor for a Roman
Catholic; and whether every member thereof—
himself included—was not sworn never to make
known even the existence of such on association,
much less its principles, aims, or objects?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. A continuous move-
ment to clocoy mo from my purpose S
Mr. STEPHENS. No, sir; it is In no way
intended to decoy. I want an answer.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Suppose, Mr. Clerk,
that that were true! [Laughter.] Is that an
answer to the questions propounded by me? is
there any concealment of our disposition to sus-
tain for public office a native-born American m
preference fo a foreigner?
Mr. STEPHENS, 1 take it for granted, then,
that the gentleman does belong' to such a party,
thus secret, and thus* shielded in its secrets hy
oaths; and while I was tolling the gentlemnn and
the country that I was in favor of this resolution,
my object was to carry it home. It was not to
dccoy—not, as some birds, to go flutteiing away
from the nest, to elude search in the right place—
but to lead inquiry directly home, to expose the
nest itself of the gentleman's party, ft is the
nest of that party I am after, arid not to decoy
from it. This is my reason for putting that ques-
tion, and the nest is now exposed. The gentle-
man sneaks of the published principles "of the
American party. These published principles
may do very well to decoy the country. We
now know that there are principles of that party
inside of these published principles, and that is
what I call decoying. I wanted to come at these
inside principles; and, therefore, I asked the gen-
tleman from Tennessee whether he has not sworn
to conceal the principles, (these inner piinciples
which are not published,) and even the existence
of the organization of which he is a member?
I have said all tbei 1 intend to say. 1 am in
favor of the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Tennessee. Let it operate equally upon all
the candidates. The gentleman will not hnd-nie
leading the country away from the issue, or
trying to shield the gentleman for whom I vote
from answering any question, as the mover of
the resolution and his party try to shield them-
selves from investigation. Sir, I am in favor of
that resolution.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. JOKES, of Tennessee. I ask the yeas
and nays on that motion; but I would suggest to
the gentleman from Ohio to recall his motion to
lay on the table, and let us have a vote directly
on the resolution.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I withdraw my motion
to lay on the table, so that we may have a direct
vote.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As I understand
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Galloway]
has withdrawn his motion to lay on the table, 1
move the previous question on the resolution.
Several Members. Report it again.
The resolution was again reported.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I submit a question of
order—that this resolution is a piece of business
which this House, in its present unoiganized
condition, has no power to transact. I regard
the resolution as a piece of clap-trap. I would
rely much more on the acts of a man's life than
on his declarations.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I should like
to have the yeas and nays oil the call for the
previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us take the
yeas and nays directly on the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN. No; let us have them
on ordering the previous question.
Mr. JONES. I am willing to have the y eas
and nays on every question.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
Mr. KEITT. I want it to be understood that
the gentleman who says so much about the im-
propriety of postponing business, [Mr. Wash-
burn, of Maine,] and who desires to have all
debate suspended, is the same who now goes for
postponing the business of the House by prevent-
ing us coming at once to a direct vote.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know, for information,
whether, if the main question be not ordered, the
resolution will go over until to-morrow?
The CLERIC. That will be the effect of re-
fusing to order the main question.
The call of the roll was then commenced upon
the motion that the main question be now put.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. The
call of the roll had commenced and a response
heard. It was therefore too late for the gentleman
from Vermont to move to lay on the table.
The CLERK. There had been no response.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir; I heard Mr.
Aiken vote distinctly.
Mr. GROW. I believe the Clerk took the
ground the other day, that a response was not a
response until the Clerk had heard it.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Vermont
rose and addressed the Clerk before the call com- ;
menced. The Clerk thinks he was not too late, jl
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 demand the yeas and nays i
upon the motion to lay on the table. i
The y<Ms and nays were ordered. |
The question was then taken mi Mr. Mkacii- '
am's motion; audit was decided m the negative— i
yeas 46, nays 161; as follows: 1
YLjAB—Albright, IJ^nry nciuiett. Uon.-oii, L'mg- ,
linn I, I'l-bop. Brad-haw, Kmihnuoii, !'/ini<mnmo.. Jamea ;
11. CciinpbelS, CUw.«.on. i'lek, DuriW, C.nne. Flag- ;
lei, <1/ nr, Umian, llollo'.vny, Taenia* R. Hor- !
ton, ilowaui, Hush-ton. Knox. M:utO'-on,
tv, Meaeimiu, Kiiium 3IiUer,M''r!?aii,IVIo!2ill, i';"*Uer, Pci-
wn^ioa, i'utv'La.iee, Ritchie. {uiDluu.-, ilo[>i-.op.,
rili;jiiiati, biminouss, fcvaalon, t5ti.is.aii.ui. Tapi'.i", \V;J-
hr:,!'!<■>, ( !;i<!Vwii;!!ior C. Washburn*', Esiiiei Wa^buin, and
Wat.on—40.
JVA\ S—?rfes<!r^. Aiken. Allen, Bail. Buiks, Barbour, B.u-
cHv, Bell, Ilesidi^vS. Eo'.mou, BIj-.. f>oeo< k,
Bowie, J3ovce, Branch, Jin nton, Buiiie.t. Ca.u\vala:!-i,
John t\ C.onohell. LewH D. (.'"mpboll. Ca:utile;s,
Chaffee, Cimsnnan, llowell Cobb, WiLi.-'rtMj.i li. IV. Cobb. ,
Colfax, Cox, (Jr.itim. CYdiue, Cu'lou. Cueib u-k, n.T«i>e:i,
David-son, llfny \Vint:*r Dava-:, Timothy li,u. Dav, Dean,
Denver. Tie V\Vr,I)ie'«;>-on, Dowdel!, Dunn. hdi'*. Uhuuud-
£03i. Edwards, Elliott, . )lu <: , Ja.ui-, :
Faulknm, Florence, Foster, Henry M. , T'loiua.- J. ;
D. Fuller, Oiddmtf.*, Gilbett, fJuo.ie. <ir!Ui:.e,\ < :''en\wod,
Au§ivstus Hall. Hoheif 13. Hail, .1. >i"orii->ai Shirr'i. ^a'np-
son W Otiif.Thomas L. Ham, 11;-IJ-^beir, .
Hickman, Hoffman. Valentino B. Morton, Houston. Jewell,
George W. .Tones, ICeitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton.Lake.Leiter, Letcher, Lindley,
Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K. Marshal!, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin,McQueen,
Smith Miller, Millson, Millward. Moore, Mott, Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Fame,
Pearce, Peck, Pelton, Peny, Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Porter,
Powell, Prmgle, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Kicaud, .Rich-
ardson, Rivers, Ruffm, Rust, Sabin,Sandidjre, Savage, Scott,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed,
Spinner. Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbot, Taylor, Thor-
ingron, Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail,
Valk, Wade, VVakeman, Waldron, Warner, EUihu B.
Washburne, Watkins, Welch, Wheeler, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, Woodvvorth, Daniel B.
Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—161.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Pending .the call of the roll,
Mr. HOLLOWAY (when his name was called)
said: I desire to give a reason for the vote I am
about to give 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of or-
der. Iam sorry to interrupt the gentleman,but we
must begin somewhere. I believe it was decided
the other day, that it was not in order to make
remarks during the calling of the roll.
The CLERK. That was the decision, but the
practice has been widely different.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Very well, if no one else
objects, I will not. Let the gentleman proceed.
'Mr. HOLLOWAY. I think a very injudicious
license has been granted in allowing these discus-
sions to go on while votes are being taken. But,
sir, I have not before troubled the House with
remarks, and I desire now to say but a very few
words.
I regret very much that the gentleman from
Tennessee has felt it to be his duty to offer this
resolution, because I foresee that its effect will
be to delay the action of the House in electing a
Speaker. From the commencement of this ses-
sion up to the present time—for six weeks—we
have been voting for distinguished gentlemen in
this House—men whose fame has traveled
throughout the length and breadth of this land—
yet now, forsooth, after having been voting for
them so long, it is proposed to call upon them to
define their positions. The only inference that
could be drawn from such a proceeding would
be, that we have been all this time voting for gen-
tlemen to preside over this House without know-
ing what position they occupied. Now, sir, that
is not the position I want to occupy before my
constituents.
Why, let me ask if there is a man of intelli-
gence m this whole country who does not under-
stand thoroughly and fully the position occupied
by the distinguished gentleman from Illinois,
[Air. Richardson?] Does anybody want to
know his position—a man who has placed him-
self high above the American people as the advo-
cate of that great measure which has disturbed
this country from one extreme to the other ? Is
there a man here who does not understand the
position of the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks ?] Does any person
doubt the position of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Fuller?]
But, sir, the object of this resolution and its
eiTi ct will be to open up a field of debate which
may prevent the election of Speaker for three or
four weeks to come. Tn my opinion the discus-
sion which has heretofore'detained the House
has been a loss to the country. "We arc wasting
the time of the country, which ought to be de-
voted to the transaction of more important busi-
ness.
I will not detain the House by going into the
matter further. I believe it is the duty of the
House of Representatives to vote, and to vote on,
until our votes shall be so expressed as to effect
the ''lection of a Speaker to preside over our de-
liberations. Whiit is the resolution ? It is to call
on geiiUoMen to express their opinions—opinions
tlut are already known to every man in the
country of ordinary—of the slightest intelligence.
[ hop-* ip; t the resolution will be hud on the table,
and that we shall go on voting, and continue to
vole, until we succeed. I vote ay.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Mr. Okrk, I
desire to say that the resolution before the House
mtels my full and hear*y concurrence. And,sir,
while I shall vote against the motion to lay on
the table, with the intention of voting for the
adoption of the resolution if 1 shall have the op-
portunity, I think it is proper that I should state
that, m my view, the matter comes before us at
