3856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
say, that they were excluded on account of the
requirement of fourteen days' service, and of
record evidence of such service; otherwise there
would have been no occasion for inserting the
ninth and eleventh sections.
The first section embraces only such as had
been regularly nmsleied into military service,
and whose services had been paid by the United
States; and, consequently, there was abundant
evidence of record of their service in your public
archives, and easily adduced: hence the propriety
of the requirements of the third section as appli-
cable to these cases. But not so with the cases
arising under, and specially named in, the ninth
and eleventh sections. Congress, therefore,
desiring to extend the benefits of the act to these
special volunteers, and seeing that they were
not embraced in the first section, on account of
the conditions required in the third section, which
applied to those enumerated in the first section—
and because they had not served the required term
of fourteen days, and because they had not been
regularly mustered into service, and had not been
paid by the United States, and because they were
consequently unable to establish the fact of their
service by evidence of record—in short, because
they did not come within the general provisions
of the bill as it then stood, specific provision was
made for them in the adoption of additional sec-
tions independent of the operative restrictions of
the fiist and third sections.
Congress certainly intended that those volun-
teers should enjoy the benefits of the act, and that
they should receive this bounty of the Govern-
ment; and knowing that they were cut off from it
by the precedent conditions, and intending to avoid
the operation of these conditions, made specific
provision for them in the ninth and eleventh sec-
tions. Did Congress intend that either of the
conditions or requirements of the third section
should be applied in the case of the volunteers
named in the ninth and eleventh sections? If so,
what was gained by their adoption ? What was
the object and purpose of adopting these sections,
but for the purpose of giving them the bounty,
independently of the precedent restrictions? Did
Congress, when in express terms it extended the
benefits of the act to these volunteers, intend, at
the same time, to subject them to such conditions
or requirements as would effectually deprive them
of the bounty promised them? Did Congress
mean to say to these gallant and patriotic men
that, notwithstanding they were not regularly
mustered into service, and had not been paid by
the United States, notwithstanding they had not
served full fourteen days, and had no record proof
of their service, nevertheless they should have the
bounty provided in the bill? and then to turn
around and say to them, as the Pension Depart-
ment has said 10 them, that they are not entitled
to it because their case docs not come within that
provision of the third section which requires
record evidence of service? Is Congress charge-
able with any such mockery as this? Did Con-
gress hold out this promise to the ear!f with the
intent of "breaking it to the hope? "
No, sir; indeed, Congress never intended to
do, and never did do, any such thing. It intended
to give to these volunteers the bounty specified
in the act, and to give it to them without reference
to the antecedent requirements as to having been
mustered into service, or paid by the United
States, or as to the term of service, or proof of
service by record evidence. All that the act
requires in respect to them is the fact of service,
and the proof of that fact by satisfactory common-
law evidence, in parol or otherwise. By no
recognized and admissible rule of construction
can the conditions or requirements, or either of
them, contained in the third section, be applied to
these special cases. The ninth and eleventh
sections were inserted for the very purpose of
escaping the elTcct of those conditions, and for
the very reason that these persons could not
othei \\ ise partake of the benefits of the act. And
yet, Air. President, by some singular misappre-
hension of thti tiue construction of the act, the
Pension Office applies one of the conditions or
requirements of the third section, and not the
other, to the cases aiming under the ninth and
eleventh sections. It requires the fact of service
to be established by record evidence, but does not
require theperiod of fourteen days'service. Now,
both of the conditions or requirements of the
third section have reference to, and are to be
applied to, the special cases under the ninth and
eleventh sections, or neither of them.
Again: If either one of the conditions named
in the third section is not applicable to these spe-
cial cases, as the commissioner has said, and
acts upon that construction, that the condition or
requirement of fourteen days'service is not ap-
plicable to these special cases, then it is equally
clear that the other condition of the same section
is not applicable to them. The third section is
to be referred, in whole or not at all, to the ninth
and eleventh sections; and it is equally clear that
it has no reference to these special sections what-
ever. But the inconsistency of the office con-
struction of the act is made the more palpable by
its applying one of the conditions of the third
section to these cases, and not the other. It
would be equally erroneous to apply both, but
less inconsistent upon its face than to apply only
one. The office applies the requirement of rec-
ord evidence of service, and not the requirement
of fourteen days' scrvice. It might, with equal
reason, have reversed the order, and required the
term of fourteen days' service in these special
cases, and not required record evidence as the
only admissible proof of service. Who ever
imagined that the pension office might arbitrarily
apply one, but not both, of these conditions or re-
strictions to these special cases, and might select
that one condition according to its whim or its
fancy?—for it really comes to this. But such a
construction cannot be maintained upon any
sound reason or rule of interpretation. The
whole of the third section is applicable to these
special cases, or no part of it is applicable to
them. Or, to state the converse of the propo-
sition: If one part of the third section is not
applicable to these eases, then 110 part of it is ap-
plicable to them. If the commissioner is nght
in not requiring the condition of fourteen days'
service, he is wrong in requiring the condition
of record evidence of military service. If, upon
the other hand, he is right in requiring record
evidence, he is wrong in not requiring fourteen
days' service. The two conditions or require-
ments cannot be separated. I repeat, that both
arc to be applied to these special cases, or neither
of them. It is not left to the arbitrary decision
of the pension depaitrnent to apply the one or
the other of these restrictions us it may think
proper. And the application of either of these
conditions defeats the express intention of Con-
gress just as effectually as would the applica-
tion of both of them. The construction given
to the act by the Pension Office renders the
ninth and eleventh sections in a great measure
nugatory.
The proviso to the third section of the proposed
substitute, to which exception has been taken,in
terms authorizes the admission of parol testimony
in the special cases under the ninth and eleventh
sections of the act of 1853. It docs no more than
was intended to be done under the act itself. It
merely obviates a mistaken construction of that
act. It only gives effect to, and carries out, the
purpose of Congress as expressed at the time
when these special sections were adopted. It is
incorrect, therefore, to say that this proviso en-
larges the provisions of that act, or that it, in any
measure, changes its character, or the nature of
the evidence to be received. The proviso admits
parol testimony only in the cases where it was
designed that it should be admitted, and where
it was known that the proof of service, from the
nature of the case, and of necessity, must rest in
parol, when those sections were adopted.
The committee, therefore, are not justly charge-
able with the inconsistency which has been im-
puted to them, in opposing amendments which
enlarge the provisions of the bill, or which admit
parol proof, notwithstanding their recommenda-
tion of this proviso; inasmuch as that does not,
in the slightest degree, change the character of
the original act, or the nature of the evidence
required under it, as understood and intended at
the time of its passage.
Mr. President, when the section extending the
benefits of the act to the volunteers at the invasion
of Plattsburg, was moved by myself, as au
amendment to the bill, while it was underdiscus-
sion here, you and I, and doubtless all of us who
were then here, well remember that the chief ob-
jection raised to it was, that it opened the door
to the admission of parol evidence. This wag the
main objection urged against it by the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr, Brodhead,]
the author of the original bill, and by whose ef-
forts, and energy, and patient perseverance*,it was
carried through. The amendment was opposed
and discussed, mainly upon that ground T No
one questioned the high merit of these volun-
teers. Their patriotism, and the value and im-
portance of their services in the hour of their
country's need, were conceded on all hands, and
drew from the distinguished Senator from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Cass,] in particular, the tribute of
his emphatic and cordial commendation; and,
notwithstanding- this objection, my amendment
was adopted, in the first instance, without a di-
vision, and finally, with but eight votes in tho
negative, upon the yeas and nays. All that the
committee are now asking by this proviso is, that
the intent of Congress in respect to those volun-
teers shall bo carried out, and that they shall not
be deprived of the bounty proffered to them in
the very terms of the act, on account of a misap-
prehension of its true meaning and construction
by the Pension Office. Had the original act been
construed 111 accordance with its manifest import,
there would have been no occasion for this pro-
viso.
When this subject was under consideration at
the last session of Congress, I attempted, in a
brief speech, to give some account of the invasion
of Plattsburg, and to set forth the value and im-
portance of the services of the volunteers from
Vermont in that sudden and trying emergency. It
is not my purpose to repeat what I then sata. I
am content to say that a more meritorious class
of persons have never been made the subjects of
your bounty. When the bounty act of the last
session had passed, they were rejoicing in the
belief that their services and claims had at last
been recognised by the Government. But their
hopes were soon doomed to disappointment.
Their applications were made out under the act,
and presented to the proper department, and a
large proportion of them were rejected for want
of "record evidence" of military service—a re-
quirement never imposed upon them by Con-
gress, and one which the Department was not
authorized to impose in these cases. They come
now and ask Congress to rectify the erroneous
construction of the act by which the will of Con-
gress was overruled—their claims rejected, and
their hearts stricken with sore disappointment.
They only ask you to adhere to and enforce the
;j provision made 111 their behalf, and just to the
extent you intended it should be measured out to
1 them.
j Again, Mr. President, the Pension Olfice, by
1 anothci ligid and restricted construction of the
I act of 3835, has limited its bounty to those who,
! not only " served as volunteers at the invasion
j of Plattsburg,"—to those who actually left their
i homes, their families, their fields and workshops,
■ and rushed to arms m defense of their country
j against the invasion of a foreign foe,—but it has
1 confined the benefits of the act to those alone who
I were organized m regular military companies and
! subject to military command, and en route towards
j Plattsburg. The commissioner, in his letter of
; the 18th of February, 1856, addressed to the
I Committee on Public Lands in reference to this
I subject, gives the views of that office in respect
' to the construction of the first clause of the ninth
section of the act of 1855, in these words; which
I will take leave to read:
(i The terms fat the invasion of Plattsburg' are not eon-
stiued a* hnnting 10 the battle of Plattsburg, bur m a broader
sense, as referring to that invasion ol which that battle wa*
the mare important and p: eminent featuie. Hence, service
at tiie battle or at Plattsbm<i is not regarded as ncec&saiy to
bring within the meaning of that section, but scrvice with
reference to that invasion w vptjaided as sufficient. And
the requirements of the fnvt Motion of the oiiiiinal act, of
service either in the lu^t instance under the United States,
01 Mib.-cqu'-ntly recognized by pa\ ment for it by the United
►States, and the subsequent rcquuement in that aetot four-
teen daw1 service, are not cousideied applicable to the
ninth section ; and fiutlier, feiviue w eorwdejed as com-
nnjiiomg when the companies started and were once en
rou/eioi the so-.it of wai.
u Under this construction, all those who were in any nitli-
t.ny company, propeily orcumz^d, and cn route lor Platts-
buig, have been and aie now allowed bounty land under the
orumal act, tliouih they may have been discharged without
having gone to I'latt->buig, and Without lefereuce to the
short duration of their sfivice. or whether they have ever
been paid for it by the United States.5'
I do not propose to enter any complaint of this
