1S56.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1815
liennett, Benson, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buf-
fmton, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee,
dawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cumbaek, Damrell,
Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edwards, Emrie, Flag-
ler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger,
Grow, Ilarlan, Harrison, Ilaven, Holloway, Thomas It.
Jlortoa, Valentine B. Ilortou, Hughsion, Kelsey, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Hum-
phreyAlarshall, Malteson, McCarty, Killian Miller, Moore,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Packer, Parker, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purvi-
ance, Ritchie, Sabm, Sage. Sapp, Sherman, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, VVade,
Wakcman, Walbtidge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. W^h-
burtie, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Welch, Weils, Wood, WoodiufF, and Woodworth—93.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Pendmg the call of the roll,
Mr. PURYEAR stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Simmons, who had been called out of
the House on important business.
Mr. GtUlTMAN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Scott upon this vote.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, stated that Mr.
Vatl had paired off with Mr. tftlt.ikc,iiurst.
The question recurred upon the motion to
reconsider; and bemg taken, the motion was
agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the slate of the Union.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Is the motion to com-
mit debat ible ?
The SPKAKER. It is.
Mr. DUNN. 1 do not wish to debate it.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DUNN. I now move to amend the bill
of the Territorial Committee, by striking; out all
after the enacting clause, and then inserting what
I send to the Clerk's desk; and 1 demand the pre-
vious question upon thai motion.
Mi. (JROW". 1 wish to Hay to the gentleman
from Indiana that I had prepared a substitute ;
for tins bill, declaring void all the acts of the
pretended Legislature of Kansas which met at
Shawnee Mission, and providing for the dis-
charge of all persons in the Territory held in con-
finement, under charge of treason. I desire to
inquire if the substitute of the gentleman from ;
Indiana provides for setting at liberty these men.
Mr. WAREMAN. Certainly it does.
Mr. GROW. I wish to appeal to the gentle-
man from Indiana to allow me to offer the substi-
tute 1 have named, before he offers his substitute.
Mr. DUNN. I ask for the reading of my
amendment, and call for the previous question
upon it.
The amendmentwas read; and is as follows:
He it enacted by the Senate and Home of lie preventatives
Of the United Mate* oj Jltnciiia in Con^ic^ assembled,
That all that pint of the Temtory of the United State-,
winch ho between the paialleis oi thuty-siv de<rrces and
tinrt\ minute-and ioit\ device-ol noith latitude, and u inch
i- cast Oi the ea-tern boundary ot th" Tenitoiy ot Trail, to
the soutbea-t comei theiuot, and ea-t oi a line thence due
fcouth to said p.Urilb'l. oi thnty-six degrees thnty minutes
noith latitude, and is bounded on tin* r c-t by the \ v-t<-ui
bouudaiy oi the Suite ot .Mi-soui i, shall eon-mute one Ter-
ntoiy, and shall be, and hcieby i-, constituted and organized 1
into a tempoiary government by the name of the Teiruoiv '
ot Kansas Prowled, That nothing in tin- act shall be to J
construed ' as to impair or in any way niteifere with the i
rightJ*of person, piopeity, or thegoveinment of any Indian j
or Indian tubes now \wthin said limit-, winch have been |
heretofore sceured to such Indian or tribes by any treaty oi i
law of Congiess. long as such rights or lw eminent -hail ]
remain unaileeted by laws of Congress to be pa-.-ed, oi I
treaties to be made, after the paf-age of this, aci. Nor thall |
anything herein contained impede or otherwise affect the j
authority of tlie Goveinmen' of the United States to make I
any regulations lespectins* such Indians, their government, !
pioperty, or other light-, by law, treaty, oi otherwise, heie- {
attei, which it would have been eompetentfor the Govern- j
rnent of the United States to make it tin* act had never :
passed* •diul provided Jin fher, That nothing in tins act jj
contained -hull bp con-trued to pmhibit the Government of j!
the United States from heieafter dividing said Teiufory of I
Kansas into two or more State* or Teirifoue*, m such ;
manner and at .?uch tune or tinier as Congiess -hall deem ]
convenient and proper, oi from attaching all or anv portion j
thereof to any other State or Temtory of the Cmted vSt'ite-, j
except to such at by any law or usage may at the tune tol- j
ciate the institution of slaveiy.
Seo.2. And he it further enacted, That the executive i
power and aathonty m and ovei said Territory of Kansas '
fe-hall be vested m a Govemoi, who shall liold his office for .
four year-, anil until his successor shall be appointed and |
qualified, unless sooner removed by the Pi evident ot the ;
United States. The Governor shall reside witlmi sa'dTYr- i
ntorv, shall be commander-m-ebicf of the militia thereof, j
shall perform the duties and icceive the emolument? of su- i
penntendentof Indian affairs, and shall appiove of ail laws i
pas-ed by the Legislative A—embly botore they shall take ;
effect, unle?< two thirds of each bianch of the Legi'Utme
shall pa.Ts such law, notwithstanding the objection of such
Governor, as hereinafter provided ; he may grant pardons
for offenses against the laws of said Tenitory, and reprieves
for offenses against the laws of the United States, until the
decision of the President can be made known thereon; he
shall commission all officers who shall be appointed to office
under the laws of the said Temtory, and shall take care
that the laws be faithfully executed.
Sfo. 3. Jhid he it, further enacted, That there shall be a
secretary of said Temtoiy, who shall reside therein, and
hold his office for four years, unless sooner temoved by the
President of the United State?; he shall record and pre-
set ve all the laws and proceedings of the Legislative Assem-
bly heremaftei constituted, and all the acts and proceedings
of the Governor in his executive department; lie shall
transmit six copies of the laws and journals of the Legis-
lative Assembly within sixty days after the end of each
session, and also six copies of the executive pioceedings,
on or before the 1st day of December in each year, to me
Piesident of the United States, tor the use of the Piesident
and the executive departments; and at the same tnne,
twelve copies ot each ol said documents to tlie Speaket ol
the llou-u of Representatives, and the like number to the
President of the Senate, for the use of Congre-s; and m
case of the death, removal, resignation, or other neccssaty
absence of the Governor from the Temtoiy, the beeictaiy
shall have, and he i^> beieby authonzed and requited to
execute and perform, all the poweis and duties of theGov-
enioi duinig -ueh vacancy or necessity absence, or until
anothei Governor shall be duly appointed to fill such
vacancy.
Sro. 4. Jlnd it further enacted, That the legislative
j>o\sei and authoutj ol t-aul Tcrtitoi\ sliull be vested m llie
Govemoi and a Ltgi-lative A—embly The Iie;jislative
Assembly shall con-ist of a Council and [lou-c ol Repie-
sentatives. Tin: Council -li.ill eon-i-toi tlmic< n memh.-is,
having the qualifications of voteis as heicinallei piesctibed, |
whose term of seivice shall continue iwo jeurs. The
Huu-e of Uepresent.Uives shall, at n- Ihst session, eon-ist
of twenty-six niembei<, po.;-t;—nig the same qnahljeatnm-i
as piesci'ibed b)i menibeis of the Council, and whose tenn
o! -ei\iee shall continue one yeai. 'J'iie numbei ol icpie-
sentatnes m ly be moiui-i il by the Legislative A-^-'unbly
lmiii time to tunr. in \)iopi-|iion to tie' meiear-e ol popula-
tion • J'rvvidcd, That the whole numitej -|),dl never eveeed
thuty-nine. An .ippoiiionim ut -hall be ui'de. a- nea'i\
fecial as pMetieabit , among the -e\ e; a! eonmn oi di-ti let-,
l'..r the election oi the Council and Uepi e-entalive-, m\mg
to each seetion of tbe Tenitory icpie-eniation m tire iatio
or" it- populatum, Indians not citi/.oii-' ol tbe United St.Uc-;
excepted, a- neaiiy <i- lu.iy be. And the membeisof the
Council and of the Ilou-eof llepn -entitr.O', at and foi
two months befure the tune oi then tie- tion, and dnimj;
then tenn oi service, ^Jinll re-ide m, and be inhabitants oj.
the di-tnet for which they maybe elected, re-peclivel\,
and shall ha'-e been actual lesidents of said Tertnory loi^
one year next hefoic tuch election ; and &hn!l be <-itizen-' of
the United States, and of the age of twenty-live year-?.
The fn-t election und(rtliH act sh.all he held on Tuesday
aficr the hi.-t iMond.i> m No\embei next, anil on the first
iMotidav m Ain/n-t annually thereafrei. at such places, and
be conducted in such nianuei, a- the Governor shall appoint
and direct, until luithei provision by law; and lie shall, at
the same tune, declare the number of members ot the
Council and Hou<e of Representatives to which each of the
counties oi distiicts shall be entitled under tins act. The
number of peiaon- authorized to be clccttd having the
highest number of lejjnl vote- in each of said council dis-
tiicts for memhcis of the Council, '-hall h" deebned by the
Governor to be d'lly elected to the Council; and the peison
oi pei ,ons authonzed to be eje-ted having the gieam^t
number ot legal votes toi the llou--e oj Representatives,
equal to the numbei to which each county or di-lix't shall
be entitled, shall be declared hy the (;, v<rnoj to be duly
eleeicd membeis of the J louse of Representatives: Pio-
vided, That, m case ot a tie between two or moie peisun^ j
voted for. tlie Govcinor-hall oidera newi h t lion to supply [
the vae:ui«'y made by such Ue ; ot, if a \a< aney in either |
branch ol the Legislative A-senibl} shall othei who occm, j
untii oilieiwi^e piovided hj law, the (ioveiuoi -hall oidei a t
new election io jdl sin-h v<ican<*y. to be con due ted as hei em- j
betoie directed. And the pei-ons thu-elcch d lothe Lcgi^- ,
iative A --••rnb'y -hall ni'Jetat-u< h place, and on suHi day, !
a- the Governor .shall appoint: ba', tin i< altei. tl." tnn-, j
plaec, an<l M inner <d hold'cu and cundiK tun' a!! ideetioiis |
bv the people, and the apportioning the repie-entrtion in '
the sevei.i! c(.tiunes oi di-niet->to the Council and flou-e |
oi Repie-emative-, ,u eouhng to the population, -hnII be
pre-etibed hj law, a- w( 1! as th" dayof the counuciu "ment
of the regular se--ions of tlie i.e'^-lativc A--*embly . /'jo-
i'iiled, That no one session shall exceed the term ol ninety
days.
Sko. f>. Jhirf he ilfudhei enacted^ Thatevery wmte m:de
miiab'tant, huing a (itizen of the ( luted Stale .. above the
age of nveiity-one ye.n-, who shall ha\t been a re-nb-nt of
said Tenitory at the tune oi the p i^-,>ge of this act, shall
; be entitled to vote at the fn-t election; but thereafter, no
i pei-on shall be entitled to vote at any election who shall .
I not have b>'ca an actual ie-ident of said Teiritory for j
I twelve month* prior to such election. \
| Skc. G. *1a<l be U further eiwdcd, That the legislative ,
power of the 'iVrntoiy .-hall e\t>;nd to ail nzhtlul cub|'";ts ,
of legi-lation eonsj-tent v. ith the Con-tit ut ion ot the L in ted ]
States and tin1 provi-mrisol tin-ret; but no law shall he !
passed interfering witlithe prnuaiy dispo-al ot the sod ; no j
tav shall be iu,po-'c<i upon the piopmty of tiie I mted
State? ; nersiiall the liud< or other propeity of non -resi-
dents be taxed higliei than the lauds or other property of
residents. All the law.-, pa-scd by the Jiegislative As?emaly
and Governor shall be «nibmifted to the Corigiess oi the 1
United States, and if di-appiovcd, ^h.ill be void and of no ,
eii'ect. lint it shall not be competent for said Legislative
A-i.-uably to pass any ex post Jado law, oi law impaning i
the validity ot' contracts; nor any law m abridgment ot the ,
fieedom ot speech or of the pres-',or to depute any one ,
of the right of tnal by jury, or of the writ of habeas corpus: ;
nor anv law requiring property qualification, or religious
test, for the right to vote, hold othce, or piaetice law, or
seive on juries, ut any court of justice ; neuhei shall any
in any cour
person, to be entitled to any of said privileges, be required
to take an oath or affirmation to support any law other
than the Constitution of the United States. Nor shall cruel
or unusual punishments be allowed, nor reasonable bait be
lefused to any person accused of any ciime except treason
and murdci, nor m the latter ca&e unless the proof is
evident oi the pro-umption great. Neither shall any law
be parsed to confer upon any person or persons, natural
or artificial, any banking poweis or privileges, of any
kind whatever, or allowing any person or persons, as afore-
said, with such powers granted to them in any other State or
Temtoiy of the United States, theprivilege to act up, main-
tain, oi cariy on, in any manner whatever, the business of
banking withm said Tenitory of Kansas. Nor shall said
Legislative As-embly boirow money on the faith of the
Teiritory or otherwise, oi authorize "it to be done for any
other puipose, or on any other occasion or pretense, than
to protect the people of said Territory against invasion or
msuireetion, ot Indian depredations; and loans for any of
such pui poses shall not exceed in the aggregate, at anyone
time, the sum of «jl!)0,(XK>. When any loans shall be mad«j
oi piovided for, it shall be the duty of the Governor of said
Territory foHhwith to inform the Pie^ideiit of the United
States theieof,and also for whatspecific purpose such loan
wa«? directed. Neither shall it be competent for the legis-
lative dep.utmcnt of said Teirifoiv to issue, or authorize to
be issued, anj boiuN, dialts, scitp, or oihcr evidences of
debt of any des< npnon, foi any othei putposc than above
named, or for a gicatei amount outstanding at one time, m
the attcte^at^, than above named. And all laws, or pre-
tended laws, whether now existing, or hereafter enacted in
raid Teiritoiy,in contravention of the proviso of this act,
snail be void. AH laws shall be, an far a* possible, equal
and uniiotin in their opeiation. IVo di-tinetion shall be
made, in a-se--ment-. between diHWent kinds of property >
Iji the pui poses of luxation ; but all such assessments shall
be a''coidiug to tin" tine value theieof: Provided, That the
J,egi-lame As-emhlv may exempt fiom assessment and
taxation all piopeity held' or s>et apart for religious, char-
jialile, or educational puipo-es, all public libi anes, and all
puv.ite hbiaiics, othei than those used for piofess^nal pur-
pose- ; nl-o, other pei-onal property of anyone person not
exceeding m value ,v3()0. To avoid the confusion and im-
pi opt letics winch may result from mteinnxing in one and
the same act or law a number of things or subjects which
have no illation to each other, every law shall cmhiaee but
one object, and that shall be expiessed m the title of the
bill or a< t. And eveiy act which shall pass the Council
and llou^e oi" L?epiesoutative-* shall, befoie it becomes a
law, be piesented to the Governor foi hi- signature. Jf he
appiove, he -I'.dl sign it; otherwise he «hall return it to the
lioii-e in which ltongm.ited, with bis objections, who shall
entei said objection ; at huge on their journal, and pioeecd
to leeon-ider it. If, after such recunsideiation, a majority
of two thirds of the membeis elected to that House shall
atrain pa-* it,and have theirnarnesentered upon their jour-
nal upon a call of the jeasand nays, said lull shall then,
with said objections,be sent to the other House foi the like
K-con-id'laiion. And if said bill shall, in that Hou-<e,
icceive alike majority, and their names be entered upon
their journal upon a call of the yeas and nays, if shall be-
come a law; subject, nevertheless, to review by Congiess,
a*: in other cases-.' And if any bill shall not be letutned by
the Governor within three days (excluding the Sabbati'i)
after it shall be piesented to him, the same shall become a
law (miles- Congn .-s forbid it) m like inannci as if he had
snmed it, unless the Assembly, by adjournment, prevent its
letuni, hi which case it shall not be a law.
Si:c. 7. *%nd he it further enacted, That all township, dis-
trict, and eouutv officer*, not herein otherwise piovided
for, shall be appointed or elected, as the case may be, m
such manner as shall be piovided by the Governor and L.C-
gt-Iative Assembly of the Territory of Kansas. Tbe Gov-
ernor ?diall nominate, and, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Legislative < 'ouncil, appoint all other officers the
choice of whom ate not hfiem otherwise piovided for;
and in the fiist instance, the Governor alone may appoint all
said otheer*, who shall hold their offices until the end of
the next se-.,ioii of the Legislative A.—einbJ), and until their
.suce<\.-'(>r.- are appointed, or elected and qualified.
Sie.^. shidle il further C7ir/<.'e/', That no member of
the Legislative Assembly shall hold,orbe appointed to, any
ufhee winch sb.tl! have been created, or the s.alatyor emol-
uments o( wins h shall have been increased while he was a
meinbei, during the term lor which lie was elected, and for
one yeai alter the expuation <>f such term; and no person
holding a conuei-sinu or appointment under the United
States, except po-tnri-teis, shall be a member of the Legis-
lative Assembly, or shall hold any ofhee under the govern-
ment ot said Territory.
Sr-.c !J. Jind heit fvither enacted, That the judicial power
of .-aid Tenitory shall be vested in a supieme court, district
eouits, probate couits, and in justices of the- peace. The
eupiemo court shall consist of a chief justice and two
as-ociate ju-fiec-, any two of whom shall constitute a quo-
tum, <md who shall hold a term at the seat of government
of said Tenitory annually, and thev shall hold their offices
during tbe period of font years. The said Territory shall
be divided into thiee judicial district-, and a district court
shall be held m each c f-aul di-tucts by one of the justices
of the supieme court, at such times and places as may be
pre.scubed by ; and the said ]ud^e< shall, after their
appointment-, lespectively, rc.-ule ln'the districts which
shall be: a-ci2iied them. The juiischcnon of the several
couits hei* in provided for, both appellate and oiIjrinal, and
that of the probate couits and of justices of tlie peace, shall
be as limited by law . /Yottdcd/That justices of the peacd
-hall not have jun-dietion of any matter in controversy
when the title oi boundaries of land maybe in dispute, or
where the debt oi sum churned shall exceed SJOO; and the
Mud supreme and district courts, respectively, shall pos-
sess chaneerv, as well as common law, jurisdiction, -^acu
district ouuu. ortho judge thereof, slwll appoint'f ;
« ho shall also be the register m chancery, and sliali keel
1)H office at the place where the eouit ifitvy be Ijf^
of crroi, hills of exception, and appeals, « '' . M
all cases, civil 01 cnmmal, from the final deeivions ot saw
! district courts t<> the supreme court, tuidci suU ffu
