942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
April 17,
construction here, though not coming up to the
full intent of the provision, in the opinion I en-
tertain of its purport. Still, it is a more liberal
construction of the clause, and more nearly con-
forms to the original intent of Congress than I
had been led to suppose was given to it by the
Pension Office. And yet, I am obliged to say,
that under this construction of the clause—" those
who served as volunteers at the invasion of Platts-
burg"—it embraces only a portion, perhaps the
smaller portion, of those who actually turned out
upon that occasion, and rushed to the scene^ of
action, and who were included in the first section
of the bill I introduced. , But the committee were
inclined to adhere to this construction as given
by the Pension Office, and declined to recommend
the more enlarged construction of this clause, as
proposed by my bill. I am disposed to acquiesce
in the views of a majority of the committee, and
shall not now urge any modification of that clause
by way of amendment to the proposed substi-
tute to the House bill now before us.
But I cannot willingly or tacitly surrender this
proviso authorizing the admission of parol testi-
mony in the case of those volunteers called out
upon a special and sudden emergency. A sense
of justice towards a most worthy and meritori-
ous class of my own constituency impels me to
urge and insist upon its adoption. My judgment
approves it. The committee recommend it. It
is just and right of itself. It does only what
Congress intended to do, and supposed they
had done, for these volunteers in the first instance.
As I have said, these men were called out upon
a sudden and extraordinary emergency. The
enemy's fleet were upon the lake, and within the
American line. The enemy's troops were march-
ing by land with rapid haste upon Plattsburg,
full fourteen thousand strong. Our own troops,
under General Macomb, were not as many hun-
dred. The country about the region of Platts-
burg, along the western borders of Lake Cham-
plain, in the State of New York, was then but
sparsely settled. The inhabitants were fleeing
before the invading army of Prevost. Alarm and
consternation were spreading far and wide. Ex-
presses were sent throughout the State of Ver-
mont, calling upon her hardy and gallant sons to
start forthwith, and to hurry on in quick haste to
the rescue, and to the defonse and protection of
General Macomb and his small army, who were
in imminent danger. The Governor of the State
had declined to order out the militia; but the peo-
ple were obedient to the higher dictates of patriot-
ism and of humanity, and rushed forward to the
scone of danger upon the first summons. Ex-
cept in few instances, they did not stop to organ-
ize and form themselves into regular companies.
There was no time then to make up rolls and
records. A sister State was invaded by a foreign
foe—hei citizens driven from their homes, and
our little army was in peril. A confident and
imperious foe was threatening its march to Al-
bany, and to carry ruin and devastation in its
train. In this state of affairs it was that these
volunteers rushed to the rescue, and by their ;
timely aid saved all, and our country's honor, j
too. They were not then thinking of pensions i
and bounty lands. They were not then thinking
of making up an account-current against the
United States for services rendered, and made
no record entries to that end. The battle was
fought—the victory was won—and the enemy
iied beyond our borders. And here I repeat only
the testimony of the commanding officer in say-
ing that the fortunes of that day were saved by
the promptness, the energy, and the valor of the
Green Mountain volunteers.
Now, when you are bestowing your bounty
upon those who have rendered military service
for fourteen days m any of your wars, shall not
these men be admitted to the lists of your bene-
ficiaries ? Are not their services equally worthy
of this recognition ? Though their services were
of short duration, were they the less important?
Though no records of their names were made out
and placed m your public archives, is it their
fault, if it is, indeed, the fault of any one? Can-
not the proof of their services be made as satis-
factory under the same rules of evidence which
have obtained m applications for pensions and
bounty lands, under all previous acts of Con- !
gress 1 Or, will you tantalize these brave and J
rue men by a promise of the bounty, and then !
permit them to be deprived of it by construction ?
I put it to honorable Senators to answer.
Again, Mr. President, it is said that company-
rolls were made out when these volunteers were
organized and placed under military authority,
and that these rolls are admitted as record evi-
dence, and embrace all, or nearly all, the applica-
tions of those who were in any organized military
company. The true state of the case is this: The
rolls of one regiment of volunteers—the fourth
regiment—were made complete. That regiment
was composed of persons living in that section
of the State directly opposite from Plattsburg,
and in the immediate vicinity of the point of in-
vasion. The news of the actual irruption of the
enemy into our territory first reached this neigh-
borhood. The colonel of the regiment forthwith
called out his several companies, and they were
present at Plattsburg in time to participate in the
battle. The services of this regiment have been
recognized by the Government, and allowed a
month's pay. Hence the volunteers of this regi-
ment come within the general provisions of the
act of 1855, independently of the ninth section.
They were actually engaged in battle; and there
was record proof of it, from the circumstance of
their recognition and payment by the United
States. But the Commissioner of Pensions is
greatly in error, or greatly misinformed, when
he says, in his letter to the committee, " that pay-
ment was limited to that regiment, as he is in-
foimed, as being the only considerable organized
force of volunteers from that State, (Vermont,)
of whose presence m the battle there was satis-
factory evidence." Perhaps it might be said with
truth, that this was the only considerable organ-
ized force of whose presence m the battle there
was " record evidence." But, in fact, this regi-
ment constituted only a very small part of the
volunteer force from Vermont at Plattsburg, and
actually engaged in battle. That regiment com-
prised but a few hundred men. The volunteer
force at Plattsburg, and in the engagement, was
as many thousands. Volunteer companies were
formed throughout all parts of the State, remote
and near. In some instances the captains of the
militia companies went with their men.
In other eases, volunteers came together, and
formed themselves into companies, and selected
their captains. In other instances, they met
together on the way to Plattsburg, and selected
their officers for the occasion. The business was
done in an irregular manner no doubt, and done
in a hurry, for it was hurrying times just then.
They stood little upon forms—they made no
delay for ceremonies. Their object was to reach
the scene of danger, to meet the enemy with
musket in hand, and to drive him from our
borders. This much they accomplished, and that
being done, they returned to their homes. In
some few instances, company-rolls were made
out at the time, and have been preserved. In most
nislances, when company-rolls were made at
the time, they were regarded-as being no longer
of any importance, the occasion for them having
passed, and were not preserved. Many of them
have been lost or destroyed by accident,or other-
wise. And when a call was made for them, a few
years ago, by our Secretary of State, under the
direction of the Legislature, but very few rolls
were to be found. Shall the surviving soldier
fail of his bounty awarded to him by the Govern-
ment, from the accidental circumstance, that the
captam or other officer of his company failed to
make or to preserve the enrollment of his name r
And _ especially so when, at the time, and under
the circumstances of the occasion, it was deemed
of little importance to make a roll, and much less
to preserve it? No, sir, I think not. Let the
surviving actor in the scenes of that day, and
upon that occasion, have this little bounty upon
satisfactory personal proof of his services. Those
stirring scenes occurred more than forty years
ago. Most of the actors have long sincc passed
from the stage of life. The few who yet remain
will make but a small draft upon your public
domain. It will gladden their hearts m the
palingyears of their life—notso much on account
of the receipt of this pittance in land or money,
as from the consideration that their services in a
trying hour of the country's history are yet re-
membered and appreciated in this day of its
higher prosperity and greatness.
I beg pardon, Mr. President, for this digres-
sion; but I have been prompted to say this
much, at least, by way of vindication of the
character and services of the volunteers from my
State at the time of the invasion of Plattsburg,
against what I could but regard as an unmerited
reflection or taunt upon them by honorable Sen-
ators upon this floor.
I conclude now by repeating that the act of
1855; upon any fair construction, embraced, and
was intended to embrace, these volunteers among
the recipients of its bounty, and that the sole ob-
ject of this proviso is to carry out that intent,
and to give them the benefits of that act, which
have thus far been denied them by a palpable
misconstruction of its provisions, and of the
whole tenor and purport of the act itself. I say
again, that it opens the door for the admission of
parol testimony, which seems to alarm some
gentlemen so much, no wider than it was opened
or intended to be opened by that act. While we
adhere to its principles and its provisions, we
insist, at the same time, upon their proper and
legitimate interpretation. I hope, sir, that this
explanation will be accepted as sufficient and
satisfactory, and that I may not be called upon
to say anything more upon this subject.
Mr. STUART. When the subject was laid
aside yesterday I had the amendment under con-
sideration in my hands, and was about to sub-
mit to the Senate a very few remarks against its
adoption. I desire now to say what I then in-
tended to say in a very few words.
After an elaborate discussion the act of 1855
was so framed as to provide that the individuals
performing the service named in that act, or the
widows of those individuals in the case of their
death, or the minor children in case of the death
of both, should be the only recipients under it.
The subject was discussed at length in the Senate,
and that was the principle adopted in the bill.
Now the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Maine is wholly subversive of that intention.
I will show why I make this statement. Where
a widow makes an application, and before the
land warrant is issued she dies leaving no minor
children,the amendmentprovidesthat the warrant
shall be issued to her, and may be assigned or
located by her administrator or executor; thus
giving it to collateral relatives or to creditors as
the case may be. As I said yesterday I have no
disposition to dispute the authority of the Senate
to make this amendment if they choose; it is
far from my intention to undertake it. I only
wish, as one member of the Committee on Public
Lands, to point out clearly what the effect of the
amendment is. It is what I have just stated. It
entirely overturns the determination of the Senate
when the bounty land bill of last year was passed,
so far as this amendment goes, and gives to col-
lateral relatives or to creditors in the cases specified
m the amendment what the original act expressly
refused to give them. It will be recollected by
all those who were here last year, and participated
in that discussion, that the debate was lengthy
upon the proposition to give the warrants to heirs
without limiting it to minor children. That was
deliberately rejected by the Senate; and it was
distinctly held that the bounty should be granted
to the individual who had performed the service,
or in case of his death to his widow, or in case
of the death of the soldier and widow to the
minor children—that it should be confined to the
persons specified, and should go no further. The
effect of this amendment is, that when an appli-
cation has been made, and the person dies before
receiving the warrant, the warrant when received
shall be assignable by the executor or adminis-
trator, and may go to heirs-at-law or to creditors,
without respect to the principles of the original
bill.
Now let me point out another characteristic of
this amendment; and it doer* seem to me that,
when the Senate understands it, they cannot for
a moment sanction it. I will take the case of a
widow, to illustrate it clearly. If she has re-
ceived her land warrant, and has it in her posses-
sion, and has not located it, and dies, she cannot
locate it, nor can anybody else under this amend-
ment; but if she has made her application, and
has not her warrant in her possession, her repre-
sentatives can obtain it and locate it, or assign it.
Is not this a strange inconsistency in the amend-
ment? 1 repeat—for I wish the Senate to under-
stand it—that a warrant actually issued, and in
