1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1&17
not, m any case, or in any manner whatever, be assignable;
nor shall any person who shall assert and give notice of one
preemption rigut be permitted to assert another or change
that to a different location or tract of land, except as above
bpocified, and except also wheie it shall be made to appear
to the receiver of the pioper land office that such person has
been deprived of thebenefitofthe first claim by a prior and
better claim of another person to the same tract of land,
being established to the satisfaction of such receiver. Nor
shall anything herein contained be construed to allow.any
one to enter upon or as&ert any preemption or other claim
to any lands m either of said Temtoiies to which the Indian
title has not already been extinguished. Nor shall the pro-
visions of this act apply to any case of settlement or loca-
tion within either of said Territories which has been or shall
be made before the passage of this act.
Sec. 24. Jlnd be it fur the)' enacted^ That so much of the
fourteenth section, and also so much of the thirty-«econd
section, of the act passed at the first session of the Thirty-
Third Congress, commonly known as the Kansas-Nebraska
act, as reads a  follows, to wit; " E\cept the eighth sec-
tion of the act prepaiatory to the admission of Missouri
into the Union, appioved March (5, 18*20, winch, being in-
consistent with the pnnciple of non-intervention by Con-
gress with slaveiy in the States and Teintories, as recog-
nized by the legislation of 1&>0, commonly called the com-
promise measme^. is hereby declared inopciative and void,
it being the true intent and meaning of this act not to legis-
late slavery into any Tenitorv or Sta'e, nor to exclude it
therefrom, but to leave tl^ people theieot perfectly fiee to
foitn and iciiulate their domestic institutions in their own
way, subject only to the Constitution ot the United States :
Provided, That nothing herein contaiuedshall be construed
to icvive oj put in foice an\ law or regulation which may
have existed pwor to the act ofOtb March, ISSJOjCithei pio-
tecting,establishing, prohibiting, oi abolishing -laverv,'" be,
and tne r-ame is herebv. icpeaied; and the said eighth sec-
tion of said act oi tliebth ot Match, is hereby revived,
and dechued to be in full torce and effect within the =aul
Ternrories of Kansas and Nebraska: Provided, kowerer,
That any person lawiully held to service in either of said
Temioties shall not be di^ehaiged tiom such seivice by
reason of sucn repeal and levival of ^aid eighth section, if
bitch person shall be permanentlv lemoved fiom such Ter-
ritoiy or Territories puor to the fiist day of Januaiy, 1^8 ;
and any child or children bom, in either of said Temtmies,
of any it'.male lawtully held to set vice,if in like manner
removed without-idhl Teiutone^ befoie the expnation of
that date, shall not he, In reason of anything in this act.
emancipated fiom any seivice it migh* have owed had this
act never been parsed: Jind provided further, That any
person lawfully ln.ld to service m any other fc?tatc or Tern-
toty oi the United States, arid escaping into either the Ter-
ulor\ of Kansas or Nebraska, may he icclaimed and ic-
inoved to the person or place wheie such seivice is due,
under any law of the United States which shall he in ioice
upon the Mibj.'ct.
Sec. l2~>. *dnd he U farther c.urted, That all othei parts
of the a'ore-H.d Kanja^-iVehri-.k i act which lelate to )ho
said Teiritory of Kansas, and eveiy othni Knvoi u?a«e hav-
ing, or whicii n is pretended have, any toiee oi effect in^
said Territory in conlhet with the provision-? oi'the spirit of
this act, except aiioh law> of Cons;te-5> and tieaty stipula-
tions a« icIate to the Indians, are lieieby icpealed and de-
claied void.
Mr. GROW. I appeal to the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw his call for the previous
question, so that I may oiler, as an amendment to
his amendment, a substitute for the bill. I would
inquire of him first, whether there is contained in
his 'amendment what is equivalent?
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. It is usual to allow gentle-
men to make appeal** for the withdrawal of the
previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I take it that the gentleman
is proceeding to discuss what there is in the
amendment.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order, but
appeals are allowed to be made for the withdrawal
of the call for the previous question.
Mr. GROW. My appeal is legitimate. I had
only two or three more words to say. I wished j
to ask the gentleman from Indiana whether his j
amendment released fiom prison those in Kan- |
sas charged with treason? If it does that, and !
destroys the validity of the alleged Legislature
of Kansas, it accomplishes all that is proposed by
my amendment. So, if the gentleman persists m
his demand for the previous question, I shall not
nsist on my appeal.
Mr. HAVEN. I also appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, in order that I may submit an
amendment. T believe an amendment would be
in order to his amendment.
The SPEAKER. An amendment would be
in order if the call for the previous question were
withdrawn.
Mr. HAVEN. The gentleman can let my
amendment come in, and then renew the call for
the previous question. As this is a question of
great importance, I wish to offer my amendment,
and to let the House choose between it and the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DUNN. There arc gentlemen on every
side of the House appealing to mc, with every
shade of political sentiment on this subject—no
two concurring in the same amendment; and, if
I yield to the gentleman from New York, I must
yield to all with their amendments. Many urge
me to stand to the call for the previous question;
I therefore abide by it. If gentlemen vote it
down, I will not take it unkindly.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say that I impute
no unkindness to the gentleman for refusing to
withdraw the call for the previous question; al-
though I do think, on a matter of this import-
ance, it is pretty sharp practice.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. X demand the
yeas and nays on the amendment.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Mr 'BENNETT, of New York. I would
inquire whether, as the gentleman from Indiana
moves an amendment in the nature of a substitute
for the bill, it would not be m order, before, taking
the question on that amendment, to amend the bill
itself ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move
any further amendment, as the main questien has
been ordeted to be now put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered to be put; and also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SNEED. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table; original bill, amendments, and
all; and on that motion I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tiie question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Baiksdale, Hell, Bowie, Branch,
Broom, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Caihle, Caiuthors,
Caslae, Howell Cobb. Williamson U. W. Cobb,Cox, Craisje,
Ciawioid, Cullen, Davidson. Henry Wintei Davis, Denver,
J)owdell, Edmundson, ICnglish, Faulkner, Foster, Hemy
M Fuliei, Thoma* J 33 Fuller, (ionde, Greenwood, J
IMonison liatris, Sanip-on W. Harris, Thomas L>. Harris,
Hoilman, Houston, Jewett, Geoijrc W. Jones J* Clancy
Juii's Keimcit, l\idwe)l,Ii.ike, Lumpkin, Humphrey Mar
shaM, Samuel S. Mai-hall, Maxwell, Snath Msllei.Mill-
s<m.'Pa< kei, I'eck, IMx-ips Powell. Pun ear. Quitman,
Ueade, Heady, Ricaud, liivun-, Ituifm, tfavagc, rilmrtei, I
Saimu'l A. Smith, William Smith,Sneed, Stephens.^Steu - |
ail, Swope, Taylor. Tuppe, Uudeiwood, Yalk, Walkei,
Warner, Watkuis, Whitney. Window, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. \\ iiir'it, and /,r>lh. nth-i—77.
NAYS—Messrs. \lbncht. Aih-<m, Ball. Baihour, Henry
Bennett, Heii-on, Bi-hop, Bliss, Bnukdiaw, Bientou, Buf-
fuiion, James il. Campbell, Lewi- I). Campbell, Chafie.-,
Claw-on. Collax, Cnm.i.s, Covode, Cumback, Damrell,
Day, Dean, Dick. Dodd, Dunn, Durtee, Edte, Edwaid-,
Filiate, I'Ml'jler, Gidilum's Gubeit, Grainier, Grow, Robert
B. Hall, Ilai'an, Hairisoti. Haven, Hoiloway, Thoma^ R.
Hoiton, Valentino B. Horton, Hmrhston, KeUey, King,
ivnapp, Kinght. Knowlhm, Knox, Kunkel, Lcitei, Matte-
son, MeC'atrj , KilhauMill'-i. Mooie, AJursan. Mori ill, Mott,
\u-hrl-. Notion. Anuiew Oliver, Paiker. Pelton, P''n\,
PetLit, Pike, Prin'zle, Puivian^e, Kitehie. Sabm, Sage,
Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spnmei, Stanton, Suanahan,
Tapiian, Thurston, Todd, Tia;fon. #Y,idf, Wakenian,
Wailnidsxe, Waldion, Cadw-ilader C. VYa^hhurne, JGIhhu
B. Washhmne, Israel Witshlmin. VVa'son. Welch, WeIN,
Wood, Yv'oodi ntr, and Woodworth—
So the House; refused to lay the subject on the
tai
Pending the caH of the roll,
Mr D'VViOSON stated that Mr. Eustis had
paired offwith Mi. Tvmjk.
Mr. DUNN stated that his collea^u^, Mr.
Scott, was sick, mid had paired oil with Mr. A.
K. Marshall, who whs also quite unwell.
Mr. GALLOWAY stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Lindlly.
Mr. TYSON staled that he had paired off with
Mr. Evstis, and that lie (Mr. T.) would have
voted in the negative.
Mr. WASH'BURNE, of Wisconsin, stated
that his colleague, Mr. Billinghurst, had paired
off with Mr. Vail.
The question recurring upon Mr. Duxn s
amendment, upon which the yeas and nays had
been ordered, it was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89; nays 77; as follows:
j yeas —Messrs. Aihnght, Allison, Bali, Barbour, Ben-
j fson Hi-hop, Bh^s Bradshaw, Brenton. Buffinton, James
1 H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Claw>on,
Colfax, Conuns Covode. Cumback, Damrell, Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Dunn, Durieo, Edie, Edwanh, Emric, Flagler,
Giddsn"s Gilbert, Giaa<zer, Grow. Robert B. Iiall^ Hailan,
Ilarjwo'n, Haven, lL>llowav. 'J'homasK. iiortou, Valentine
B fhuton, Iluah-ton, Kelsev, King, Knapp,
Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Matteson. McCarty, Kilhan
Miller Mooie, Morgan, Mornll. Nichols, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, IM.ker. Peltoiu Pert\, Putn. Pike, Bungle, Puivi
ance, Ritchie, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thurston, Totjd,
Trafton, Wade, Wakcman, Walbridge, Waldi'on, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Wood, Woodruff and
Woodworth—89.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Bell, Heniy BenqetU.
Bowie, Broom, Bumett, John P. Campbell, Garble, Caru-
thers, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Cox, Cniige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter
Davis, Day, Denver, Dowdell, Edmundson, English,
Faulkner, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W.Harris,ThomasL; Harris,
Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Konnett,
Kidwell, Lake, Leiter, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Mai shall, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Millson,
Packer, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Reade,
Heady, Rieaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, SwOpe,
Taylor, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Wat-
km.%, Whitney, Winslow. Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wright, and ZoJlicoffer—77.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. COLFAX said: I cannot agree with all
the details of this bill, but on the whole I vote
"ay."
Air. DEAN said: With a protest against the
last two provisions of the twenty-fourth section,
I -\ote " ay."
Mr. GALLOWAY stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Lindley.
Mr. KELSEY stated that with a protest
against the second and third provisoes of the
twenty-fourth section, he would vote "ay."
Mr. DAMRELLandMr. WATSON,making
the same protest, voted " ay."
Mr. DCJNN stated that Mr. Scott and Mr.
A. K. Marshall were both sick,and had paired
off for this day.
Mr. THORINGTON stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Elliott, who would have voted
against the bill, while he should have voted in the
affirmative.
Mr. TYSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Eustis; and that he (Mr. T.) would
have voted for the amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, not being within
the bar when his name was called, stated that had
he been present he should have voted in the neg-
ative.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was agreed to*, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the bill been
engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. It has been.
Mr. JONES. Read it over, then, as it is now.
[Laughter.]
The bill was then read the third time.
Mr. DUNN moved the previous question upon
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 74; as fol-
lows:
HAS —Mtwrfi. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Ben-
son. Bi-hop. Brad-haw, Brenton, Butfinton, James
H. Campinli, Lewi* D. Campbell, Ohaft'ee, dawson,
< oiiax. Cumins, Covode. Cumback, Damrell, Dean, Dick,
Dodti, Dunn. Dui.ee, Edie, Edwards, Einne, Flagler, Gid-
dimr*. (idbert. Grander, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Hain^on. Haven, Holloway, Thomas. R. Horton, Valentine
B Horion, Huszhston, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knov, Kunkel, Matteson, McCarty, Ki han
Miller Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Paiker, Pelton, i^erry, Pettit, Pnngle, Purviance,
Ritchie, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, bpmner,
Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thurston, Todd, Tratton,
Wade, Wakeman, Wallnidge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
W-iMitmrne, Ellihu R. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wat-
>on, Welch, Wells, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Bell, Bowie, Branch,
Broom, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Caruthei?,
Ca^kie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Crai^e, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Henry \\ inter Davis,
Denver, Dow dell, Edmundson, Engli-h, Faulkner, Poster,
Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W.
'   r YW. Tfiltfritt n AA>*(rO W
wen, ouuui —v  —
Purvear, Quitman, Reade, Ready, Ricaud. Rivers, Iluffiu,
Savage, Shoiter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Sneed,
Stephens Stewart, Swope, Tavlor, Trippe, Underwood,
Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkms, Winslow, Daniel B.
WnjrhU John V. Wright, and Zoihcoffer—74.
So the bill, aa amended, was passed.
