1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
943
possession of the soldier or his widow, but not
located, is not reached by the amendment, nor
can it be located by anybody else. Why?
Because there is no way in which it can be
assigned. But if the warrant has not been issued
at all, and the individual dies pending the appli-
cation for it, it is subject to the influence of this
amendment, and can be assigned by the admin-
istrator to collateral heirs, or to creditors.
Much has been said in the debate, especially
by the honorable Senator who offers this amend-
ment, about a " vested right." It has been argued,
that when an individual, named in the law of 1855,
lias filed his or her application, there is at that
moment brought into existence a vested right.
Why, sir, there is no such thing as a vested right
under this law. The whole thing is a bounty; it
is a gift; and there is no vested right involved.
In the case which I have put, whore a widow dies
with a land warrant in her pocket, there is no
vested right under it; because the law has said
that nobody but the individual who rendered the
service, or his widow, or minor children, shall
be a recipient. If the soldier dies, leaving no
widow or minor children, there is no vested right.
If the widow dies, leaving no minor children,
there is no vested right. • If the widow dies with-
out ever having made application, there is no vested
right. This law did not vest rights; it simply
conferred bounty on certain recipients who might
live to receive it. That is its whole scope and
effect. If they die before making the application,
of course the bounty dies with them. There is
no time limited within which the application must
be made. A person may wait for any number of
years, and then make the application, and, if the
proof is completed during that person's lifetime,
the bounty is received; but if, in the mean time,
a person entitled to bounty under the law dies,
there is no right which was intended to vest in
an heir, in a creditor, in a legal representative,
or in anybody else. It is simply a provision that
Congress gives one hundred and sixty acres of
land, provided the individual to whom it is to be
given lives to receive it; and that individual is
named—the soldier performing the service, or his
widow in case of his death, or in case of the death
of both, the minor children, if there be any.
I know that a case was presented by the Sen-
ator from Maine with a great deal of plausibility.
He says that he knows aninstance where a widow,
having perfected her proof, assigned her right to
the land warrant m order to buy her own grave
stone. How docs that alter the fact? Does it
create any claim in the creditor? Is he any more
meritorious than he would have been if he had
sold her a dress, or if he had given her $25 to aid
in her support? Not at all. When he advances
money to her he takes the chances of her life.
He knows the law; he knows that in case of her
death he will lose the consideration for his con-
tract. This, then, does not alter the case. The
simple question is presented here this day: Will
the Senate subvert the principle upon which the
law stands, and give this bounty land in certain
cases to adult heirs, to collateral relatives, or to
creditors ? I shall not complain of the vote which
the Senate may give, for it would be disrespectful,
and I am far from doing anything of that kind.
I have merely presented to the Senate the princi-
ples upon which the original bill stood, and en-
deavored to show thattlns amendment is subver-
sive of them. I should myself have no objec-
tion to the insertion of a provision making the
date of the application the time from which the
right should exist, without changing the effect of
the law; but I think it wrong to give to collateral
heirs and to creditors, in the case of the death of
the iccipient under this law, a right which they
could not receive if the recipient should live.
Let me test this principle for a moment by
taking the case of a preemptioner. The laws of
the United States declare the assignment of a
preemption before the perfection of the title to be
void. This act impliedly does tiie same thing in
regard to land warrants; that is, you can get no
right to aland warrant except by an assignment,
and the individual receiving it must live in order
to assign it to you. If a man buys a preemption
right before the pieemptor perfects his title, and
the pivcuiptor dies before the perfection of his
title, the purchaser loses his right. Would Con-
gress in such a case relieve him ? Certainly not.
it was a contract which he had no right to iaake;
he took the hazard of the life of the individual,
and his power to carry out the contract. Just so
in this case the same principle applies. As I
have already remarked, this amendment presents
a strange inconsistency. While it proposes to
give to a warrant, the right to which is not yet
determined—a land warrant in transitu—this as-
signable quality, it does not give it to aland war-
rant in the hands of the recipient when he dies
without having assigned or located it, so that a
person who has actually received a warrant does
not stand as well under the amendment as one
who has not received it.
Having said this much, I feel that I have dis-
charged my duty fully and completely in regard to
this amendment. I thinkitmust be clearly under-
stood. I shall submit cheerfully, however, to
any determination at which the Senate may see
fit to arrive.
Mr. ADAMS. I differ with my friend from
Michigan in regard to the question of vested rights.
He says that there can be no vested rights grow-
ing out of this gratuity, or bounty, as he calls
it. Why, sir, a right may be vesteel in a person,
though no consideration passes, if he comes
within the provision which entitles him to it. A
gift may be for a good consideration. Love and
affection constitute a good consideration; and a
conveyance on that ground is good as between
the parties to it. Here the parties concerned are
the grantees under the law on the one side, and
the Government on the other. The conveyance
of the Government is to be found in the law.
Now, what is the provision of this law? It
provides that every one of the persons enumerated
in it, who have rendered certain services to the
country, shall be entitled to one hundred and sixty
acres of land. In my humble judgment, every
individual coming withm the provisions of that
law when it was sanctioned by the President of
the United States, had a vested right to one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land. I go further, and
say that the subsequent transaction of the Gov-
ernment—the examination instituted to ascertain
the particular persons entitled—does not give any
right to the land at all. When the warrant issues,
the party does not derive his right from the war-
rant; but, as our courts have decided, the warrant
is only the evidence of an existing right; and the
right relates back to the passage of the law, and
not to the date of the warrant.
Such being the case, I say that this law has
not deprived any man, entitled to its provisions,
of the right which he held at the time of its pas-
sage. It has provided for no forfeiture whatever
either by death or otherwise. If he does not
think proper to pursue his right, and comply with
the requisitions of the law, he can never avail
himself of it; but, when he does so, no action in
the nature of legislation by beads of Departments
or of bureaus can deprive him of his right. I
respectfully submit, that in the case contemplated
by the amendment before the Senate there is
legislation necessary to deprive him of it. Con-
gress has not thought proper to exercise that
legislative power; but a Department has done it.
What is the ease here presented? A man com-
plies with the law by filing his application and
making the proof which the law requires; but,
owing to the great amount of business at the
Department, the warrant does not issue until after
his death. It is said by the Senator from Michi-
gan, that the purposes of the law will be defeated
if in such a case you issue the warrant to his legal
representatives or to his adult heirs, because there
was a discussion m the Senate when that propo-
sition was made here, and itwas rejected. Why,
sir, we all know that we aie not to construe laws
by what A, B, or C may have have said at the
time of their passage.
Mr. BUTLER. And this was not the question
presented in the debate alluded to.
Mr. ADAMS. It would make no difference if
that were the question debated, because you must
look to the law itself, and not to the discussion
upon it, in order to ascertain its meaning. One
member gives a reason, and rests his vote upon
that reason, while perhaps nine tenths of the body
may vote for a bill for other reasons which are
notexpressed. You would arrive at very strange
conclusions in construing laws—as strange as
some of those at which heads of Departments
sometimes arrive—if you resorted to that mode
of interpretation. When we pass a law, and
make no provisions in regard to points of diffi-
culty which may arise, we have no more idea
how it will be construed, or how it will be exe-
cuted, than if we had not passed it. This law
expressly says that any man who served four-
teen days in any of the wars of the United States
shall be entitled to certain benefits if he is living.
If he is living when ? At the time of the appli-
cation? No, sir; but if he is living at the time
of the passage of the law he is entitled to its
benefits. The Department, however, has said
that it means " after he has filed his declaration,"
although it was the duty of the Government to
issue the warrant forthwith, and when issued he
has the privilege of locating it, and it then goes
into his estate. If the construction which is
contended for by my friend from Michigan be
correct—that the warrant cannot be used by any
other person, except the person entitled to re-
ceive it, either during his lifetime or after his
death—you should have provided that at his
death it should escheat; but that is not the pro-
vision of the law. An extreme case is put by my
friend. You may put extreme cases in regard to
any proposition. 1 will put a case in opposition
to the one winch has been suggested by him.
Suppose an individual files his application for
a warrant, and he is entitled to it on the proof
which he submits, according to the law. He is
sick and afflicted; he has a poor, widowed sister,
(as was the case with a soldier in Alexandria
some years ago,) and no other heir. The Gov-
ernment delays issuing the warrant for six or
twelve months, during which time that sister is
laboring for him, andVaiting upon him, and ex-
hausting the last cent which she has to support
him; and before the warrant is issued he dies.
In this case will you say it would be a great out-
rage if that sister should have the benefit of the
warrant? I think it would be an act of simple
justice.
Congress has said that those who rendered
fourteen days' service are entitled to one hundred
and sixty acres of land; and the Department has
no right, as 1 humbly conceive, to deprive them
of it. If Congress thinks that the law is wrong,
repeal it; but if Congress intends that its bounty,
which was designed as a charity if you please,
or as a manifestation of gratitude for services
rendered—for you can place it upon no less a con-
sideration than that—shall be given to those who
have rendered the service, let not the Department
prevent Congress and the country from consum-
mating the purposes which were had in view m the
passage of the law. I did not vote for that law,
but I wish to see itexecutedasit has been passed.
The great objection made to this amendment
by my friend fiom Alichigan seems to be, that
the present law is defective in another respect,
because, if a warrant should be in the hands of
a widow, and she died without transferring it,
it could not be located. There is nothing in the
law against its location. That is another one of
the legislative acts of the Department. If that
be the construction, there should be an amend-
ment to the amendment which is now pending, so
as to embrace that class of cases. That should
be no argument against the adoption of this pro-
vision which, it seems to me, is right in itself. I
shall not detain the Senate further. I rose to call
attention to the fact, that when the warrant issues
the bounty does not originate, and has no virtue
attached to it from the issuance of the warrant.
The Government should not take advantage of
its own wrong. Whenever the application is
made, supported by proof, the party is then enti-
tled to it. We know, also, that by the provision
of the law, if the party receives the warrant and
locates it, or transfers it, his legal representatives
or his creditors can receive it. All the objections
which are made to the few cases covered by this
amendment, apply with equal force to the hun-
dreds and thousands of cases that are executed
and consummated every day. Why is it so
horrible in this case, when there are so many
similar transactions which are constantly being
consummated ? I must acknowledge that! cannot
see the force of the objection.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish in afewwords to place
my position on this question correctly before the
Senate; and with that I shall content myself, for
I feel no great interest in this matter. I find that
either my proposition is misunderstood, or I do
not understand the one which comes from the
