1856.]
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfife.
207
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Dunn.
Ho. of Reps.
ludicrous. No man ought to be deemed impolite
if he should laugh at it outright. I will not dis-
cuss such ail objection: it cannot be discussed.
That is all I have to say on those points.
I have prepared a series of resolutions to be
offered as a substitute for the one reported by the
committee, which, if adopted, will provide, I
think, against theevils, danger and inconvenience,
and everything else, urged in support of the
recommendation of the committee. These reso-
lutions propose that a commission of three shall
be appointed from the House to go to Kansas, or
elsewhere, as may appear necessary, and make
the investigations. There is this objection to a
suggestion of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens,] made this morning, that the Commit-
tee of Elections should themselves go and inves-
tigate the subject. That committee is charged
U'ith many other contested cases, and its presence
is therefore required here. Nevertheless, I shall
vote for this investigation in whatever form it may
be finally presented; but I wash my hands of all
responsibility for these objectionable features in
the proposed mode, if ultimately compelled to
take that or none at all.
I wish, Mr. Speaker, to say a few words on
another branch of this discussion. Gentlemen
have talked here about the doctrines of estoppel.
These doctrines have no application to this subject.
About the want of power to go behind the action
of the Legislature—as it is termed—of Kansas, to
inquire whether, in truth, there was any legisla-
tive body there. And yet the arguments which
they have adduced would have established very
clearly to my mind, if there was nothing else to
guide me, the absolute and unqualified power
which we have to do so, and the necessity for that
power. They refer to the law of Great Britain
in support of their position; but they overlook
the palpable fact, that Parliament is the supreme
power in Great Britain. That is claimed for it by
Coke, and Blackstone, and all the other author-
ities to which the gentleman from Georgia referred
this morning. They claim that it possesses
absolute power to " do anything except to make a man
a woman, or a woman a man." That is the only
limitation which is allowed to its power according
to these authors. They represent Parliament as
being subject to no control—as being a late unto
itself; and yet these same authorities lay down the
doctrine that even this omnipotent British Parlia-
nj£nt is bound to observe, and keep its own law.
These same authorities declare that those de-
partures which have taken place from the pre- !
scribed mode of these parliamentary proceedings, !
' and of convening Parliament and the like matters, '
(some of which departures gentlemen have cited
in defense of these Kansas irregularities,) were
themselves acts of revolution; but there was no
power to check these revolutionary acts. There |
was no power there superior to Parliament. The
Parliament there is the State. It may boast as
did the monarch of France, referred to the other
day by the gentleman from South Carolina—" I
am the State But, sir, it is not so here. I hum-
bly trust it never will be so. Our form of govern-
ment is perfectly satisfactory to me, ana I am
against all revolution, or acts of revolution. The
whole people of the United States are not " the
State; the people of no State of this Union are "the
State;" much less are the people of a Territory
" the State;" and far less was Governor Reeder
" the State," as has been remarked in this dis-
cussion, when he went about discharging his
gubernatorial duties in Kansas. No, sir, no; the
law, the sovereign law, that is " the State" with
us, and there is none other; and all in authority
here, whether high or low, are but the instruments
of the State, with fixed and defined duties, and i
a prescribed mode and time of performing such !
duties. This is true of every department and
officer of Government. That sovereign law has
imposed duties and limitations to them. It has :
conferred powers, and imposed limitations to !
these powers. It has regulated, in every import- j
ant particular, the whole scope, and power, and '
function of the legislative authority as abso-
lutely aa any other department of Government in
this country. It will not do, therefore, to refer
us for our powers wholly, or even without very
great limitation, to the English theory of legis-
lative omnipotence.
Having noticed these differences (and that is
all the answer I think it necessary to make to
arguments resting entirely upon supposed analo-
gies, which, in fact, do not exist) between the
state of things here, or the extent and point of
authority here, and in Great Britain, so as to
show that arguments based upon precedents or
theories there go for nothing, I wisn now to call
the attention of gentlemen to another thing about
which there seems to be some confusion; and it
is this: It is not Governor Reeder who is making
this appeal to us. That is not the name, nor
he the person that we are asked to rescue from
alleged outrage and oppression. But Andrew H.
Reeder, for, and on behalf, and in the name, and
as the accredited agent of the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas, is here to ask redress for them.
The people of Kansas—that is it. It is that people,
whose voice, through him, is being spoken here,
who makes this appeal. They have adopted—
it may be—rather an irregular mode of express-
ing their wishes. They have not come here in
the old form of petition or memorial, but they
have constituted, in such a way as they saw fit
to adopt, an attorney with full power-s to come
here and represent their interests, and urge their
vindication. This is a historical fact known to
us all. No one disputes it.
Gentlemen have insisted that the Legislature
of Kansas was the only power which could settle*
at all the question of the right of any person to
occupy a seat as a member of that body; and that
we cannot inquire into it. This position has been
laid down with a positiveness of manner as though
it was free from all question. Let us see whether
that is precisely true. We are told that it is a
powerinherentin all Legislatures; and the English
authority is again resorted to for support. That
authority, bear in mind, starts out with the propo-
sition that the legislative is the supreme power,
and the source of all other power in the realm;
that the people are completely its subject—origin-
ating nothing—and can only participate in the
affairs of Government as a matter of grace and
favor, and only to the extent of legislative grants.
But even there, if this " inherent power, "as it is
called, was in the Legislature, it would require the
concurrence of the three separate elements of the
British Parliament—the King, Lords, and Com-
mons—to settle who should be a member of either
the Lords or Commons, whenever a controversy
arose. But this is not so. Each House there,
as here, determines all such questions concerning
its own members. Neither of those Houses is a
Legislature. The power is not inherent in them,
then, in a character they do not possess. Whence,
then, did they derive the power ? It was conferred
by the Legislature. The law of Parliament con-
ferred it. If the Legislature could confer, it could
have withheld that power, orplaced it anywhere
else. Parliament could repeal that law, and then
the power would cease. But if, while the law is
in force, we could imagine a case where a mem-
ber should be rejected from or forced upon either
House, by any mode against this law, it would
be an act of revolution;and if there were a tribu-
nal provided to pass upon the question, the act
would be declared to be against law, and so void.
Whatever tribunal the law fixes, then, even upon
the English authority, must have the jurisdiction.
If, in terms, the determination of that tribunal
was made final, or if, from the state of the whole
law, there was no other forum to apply to, there
the controversy would have to stop.
Our American system and theory, on this whole
s'ubjectof supreme power,are different. Our Gov-
ernment starts out with the concession, that the
source of all political power is in the people. That
is our beginning point. Then we say that all
legislative power is delegated. And finally we say,
that the powers not delegated to one authority nor pro-
hibited to others are reserved. These three propo-
sitions form the entire groundwork of our sys-
tem. Therefore, it was provided, in terms, that
each House of Congress should be the judge of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
own members, as it was necessary to make the
grant, if it was not intended to reserve the power.
The State constitutions, 1 believe without excep-
tion, contain similar provisions. It is a power
to judge, in every instance granted by the source
Of all political power—the people. They might
have reposed that power elsewhere, as they have
other powers on other subjects, or they might
have retained it to themselves. They were the
creators, and could and did order and distribute
or withhold powers according to their own
pleasure. It is not, then, an " inherent power"
in the Legislature, or any branch of a Legislature,
with us. No doubt it is convenient and useful
to a legislative body; but it is not inborn. It is
granted. If there is not such a grant to a legis-
lative body with us, the power is withheld from,
and does not belong to the body at all. That
body cannot assume it, for Legislatures here are
as much the creatures of law as a magistrate's
court. They have larger powers, but still they
are granted powers, and can no more be trans-
cended than those conferred upon such a court.
In a great variety of cases we have created tribu-
nals with authority to check the abuse of the
legislative powers granted, or the assumption of
any not granted. Here we have a remedy against
such an evil. In some instances we can imagine
there is no such check. If there should be abuses
or assumptions in such cases, the want of a check
would not make them right or lawful; they would
be acts of revolution; and the constituent—the
creative power can correct, can restore the former
and regular order. Thus it is we have the means
somewhere in our system, in all cases, of pre-
venting the overthrow or any material change
in our institutions, either by force or fraud. We
have the fullest power of self-preservation against
all conceivable evil.
Now, the territorial governments have always
been created by Congress. The whole machinery
of such governments, with the powers and duties
of each department, is created and conferred by
Congress. The invariable practice has been to
put down, in plain words, what powers are
granted; and who shall exercise them? Will any
man seriously contend that a territorial govern-
ment—the mere creature of a day, a thing called
into existence to subserve the brief purposes of
an hour—can draw to itself powers from its
creator, or from any source, beyond what are
granted, when this General Government, the
creator of the territorial, cannot do so? It can
go nowhere for power but to the creator; and it
has none but what is granted. I will not say that
in no instance has the power been given to the
separate Houses of Territorial Legislatures to
determine of the elections, returns, and qualifica-
tions of its own members, for I have not looked
through all the acts on the subject to see how the
fact is on that point; but I do say, if such power
has been granted, the instances are very few.
This Kansas-Nebraska act makes no such grant.
True, it declares that the legislative powers of these
two Territories shall extend to all rightful subjects of
legislation consistent with the Constitution and laws
of the United Slates and the provision of the act.
This is no new provision; all our territorial acts
contain it in substance. The subject involved in
this controversy, however, is not a legislative but
a. judicial subject. So this clause of the act does
not touch the question. The act nowhere alludes
to such a power in the Legislature; and, as I have
shown, it must be granted, or it does not exist.
But the bill itself rebuts even the presumption of
such a grant being intended. 1 will read a portion
of it to establish that:
" The persons having the highest number of legal, votes in
each of the said Council districts for members of the Council
shall be declared by the Governor to be duly elected to the
Cooncil."
The highest number of legal votes—who is to de-
termine thiat question ? It is expressly declared
that the Governor, and Governor alone, shall de-
clare the result; and in such a connection the duty
of declaring necessarily confers the power of inves-
tigating and deciding. The question is referred
to his determination.
" And the persons having the highest number of legal votes
for the House of Representatives shall be declared by the
Governor to be duly elected members of said House of Rep-
resentatives."
Here again, sir, the power of settling the ques-
tion is expressly conferred and imposed upon the
Governor of tke Territory. Ana what follows
this?
" Provided, That in case two or more persons voted for
shall have an equal number of votes, and in case a vacancy
shall otherrtri « occur la eithor branch of the Legislative
