944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17.
honorable Senator from Michigan, and therefore
] will, in a few words, submit the point upon which
my vote will turn.
When the subject was under discussion at the
time alluded to by the Senator from Michigan,
the question was, whether the grant should be
limited to minor children and widows, or whether
in the cases provided for the children generally
should come in. It was decided that the limita-
tion should attach to the minor children and the
widow; but Congress went no farther. I agree
decidedly with the Senator from Mississippi on
this point; and I will suppose a case to test the
principle. Suppose applications for warrants are
made by twenty-six men entitled to them—com-
mencing with A, B, C, D, and so on down to Z;
and a rule is adopted that A shall be preferred,
and have the first warrant, while Z's shall be
granted last. If they were in the same line, and
fought in the same battle, and one .was wounded,
while another was not, shall the one who suffered
the perils of war, and carried the wounds upon
liim which he received in his country's service,
be deprived of the bounty—if you call it bounty—
intended by this act, while it is received by the
other soldier because he may have more friends
here to urge his claims on the Department than
the neglected man who was wounded, and cannot
attend to obtaining the warrant himself? Can
you tell me that that is justice ? Perhaps the Sen-
ator from Michigan might have influence at the
Department, and he nnght be able to go there and
have one claim taken up m prefeicnce to others.
I know that in some cases, particular claims are
taken up and disposed of at once under the influ-
ence of Senators, or Representatives, or friends
here, while others are postponed for a year.
Mr. STUART. That has not been done for
a long time—at least not for two years. Every
application is considered in its order—in the order
in which it is filed.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 only state what I know has
been done. 1 cannot say whether it is done now
or not. It has been done heretofore, and I have
heard the neglected soldiers complain that their
agents were postponed, while Senators and Rep-
resentatives could obtain a preference for the
claims of (heir friends. It has been done.
Mr. STUART. It was so formerly.
Mr. BUTLER. Is it not unjust for one to ob-
tain his warrant in this way,'while another is
postponed and cannot obtain his? They ought
to adopt ihe rule of taking them in their order as
they come in.
I admit that when you passed this act of
bounty, it was a ^ift; but as soon as an individ-
ual filed his declaration under it, he asserted a
n^ht which, if verified afterwards by proof, be-
came a vested right. If a man dies on the very
day when he receives his warrant, to whom does
the land go' To his executor'
Mr. STUART, lie cannot get it at all.
Mr. BUTLER. Not after he' receives his war-
rant-?
Mr. STUART. No, sir. The Senator docs
not seem to comprehend what I said. The land
warrant m the hands of the recipient cannot he
used until it is assigned to somebody else or
located by himself. Unless it be regularly as-
signed or located by himself, it cannot be vised at
all by any one; and if lie dies with the warrant m
his possession, Ins representatives get nothing.
Mr. BU TLER. If so, it is a greater outrage
than 1 supposed. What a refinement! If a man
has a title in ins hand, and is dying, and has not
made an assignment of it because he cannot write
one, is he to lose it ? Do you tell me that can be
law? It may be one of the notions of law, hut it
is not law. When a man gets a title into Ins hand
and produces it, I answer for it, there must be
some provision by which he can avail himself
of that title. If a law were, framed so as to pre-
vent it, I should say it was a very bungling law,
find, though not drawn up m a spirit of injustice,
would evidently have that effect.
Air. TIAMLIN. If the Senator from South
Carolina will allow me to interrupt him, I will
state that I understand that the Commissioner has
decided that, where a land warrant is received by
the individual before he dies, and is not assigned,
the executor or administrator may assign it. I
tiiink, therefore, that the Senator from Michigan
is certainly laboiing under an erior.
Mr. BUTLER. But the Senator from Michi-
gan tells me that in the case stated by the Senator
from Maine it goes to nobody. The gentlemen
who seem to be so familiar with this subject—and
1 really defer to them very much, because they
are much better acquainted with the land laws
than I am—appear to differ very greatly. One
says that the warrant is of no account unless it is
assigned, and another says it is very good, and
goes to the heir and not to the executor.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Maine stated
that the land went to the executor or administra-
tor. I suggested to the Senator from South Car-
olina, that it went to the heir if it was located.
Mr. BUTLER. Of course the land would go
to the heir; but if the person made a will, it would
pass through the hands of the executor.
Mr. PUGH. In that case it would go to the
devisee.
Mr. BUTLER. That is what I maintain. A
man dying after receiving his warrant and locat-
ing it,could devise the land; and if such be the
case, I see no reason why the same right should
not attach in the original inception of the matter.
Mr. PUGH. As my friend from Mississippi,
and my friend from South Carolina, who is at the
head of the Judiciary Committee, have made a
question of law upon the meaning of the statute,
I desire to call the attention of the Senate to its
language.
Mr. BUTLER. I say that if the provision for
which I contend is not in the statute, it ought to
be there.
Mr. PUGH. My friend from Mississippi as-
serts that, under the statute, the soldier, if living,
has a vested right in the certificate upon the pas-
sage of the act. I think that is his proposition.
Mr. ADAMS. He has a vested right to one
hundred and sixty acres of land.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, there is no phrase
in the English language so much abused as the
phrase " vested right;" but the moment that the
Senate look at it in its ordinary English accepta-
tion, they will sec, I think, the fallacy of my
friend's position. What is "vested?" That
which is fixed—established; that which has be-
come property. I admit that it need not neces-
sarily be property in possession; but it must be
property ascertained and alienable. Is that the
case here? What says the statute? It says,
" that each of the surviving commissioned and
non-cominissioned officers, musicians, and pri-
vates," &c., "shall be entitled to receive a cer-
tificate oi warront from the Department of the
Interior for one hundred and sixty acres of land"
—shall be entitled to receive 011 the production of
certain proofs. The certificate is not in his pos-
session. The certificate is not where he can sell
his right in any shape or form. Can he alienate
it? Can he make a deed for it? Can he convey
it by will? My friend docs not contend for that;
yet, as I understand the definition of a vested
right, it is property; it is that which a man can
sell; it is that which, in case of his death, goes
to his heir, or, if it bo personal propel ty, to his
executor or administrator. Is that the case here ?
Is it true that, upon the passage of the act, every
person who was named in it had a vested ri^lit
111 one hundred and sixty acres of land, which
went to Ins heir, if lie died intestate, or which he
could convoy by will?
Mr. BUTLER. Wot unless he made the dec-
laration of his right.
Mr. PUGH. I shall come to that presently.
The question now is, whether the statute has given
a vested right? Clearly not. If the statute had
said that the soldier or his heir should be entitled
to it, the proposition of my friend from Missis-
sippi would have some plausibility; but the word
" heir" is not there; it was purposely omitted;
and the second section of the statute goes 011 to
prescribe who shall receive the bounty if the
soldier be dead. Thenrstsection, as I have shown,
declares that the soldier shall receive the warrant
if he be living; but if he be not living, he cannot.
Who shall receive it then? The second section
says :
■- That, in case of thy death of any person who, if livmcr,
would he entitled to a certificate orwairaul afoiesaid
und^r this act, leaving a widow, or. it' no widow, a minor
child 01 olnldi tn, ! 1 it widow, 01, if 110 widow, pueh minor
child or diddren, sli-til be entitled to receive a certificate or
warrant."
That is an express exclusion of the heir as heir.
There could be no language adopted which would
bo completely exclude the claim of the heir as
heir. The minor child may be an heir, but he
does not claim in his character as an heir, but in
his character as a minor child.
So much for the proposition that this statute
has vested a right anywhere. Ithas vested none.
It is a contingent right at best; it is a possibility;
it may become a vested right. When the certifi-
cate or warrant is issued and delivered, then I
grant it is a vested right, but not before; and it
is a vested right to locate the warrant on certain
lands, and when it is located it becomes real es-
tate.
My friend from Mississippi illustrated his
proposition by saying that a gift was as good as
a title which passed by contract. That is true;
but a gift is of no validity until delivery or exe-
cution of the title deed. Up to the point where
the donee accepts the property, the donor may
recant. He may annex conditions; he may say,
" I will give this to you if you live, but if you be
dead I will give it to A B or C D. Thatis the very
case. Under the general high-sounding phrase
of " vested right," the Senate are to adopt a
construction which overthrows the plain mean-
ing and language of the act itself. There is
no such vested right. The statute has simply
named certain persons. The soldier, if living, is
entitled to receive the warrant, or, if he be dead,
the widow, or,if there be no widow, the minor
child. Nobody else is entitled to reccive it.
Now, does the mere fact that the statute con-
fers a right upon the soldier by name necessa-
rily include his heir ? I know that in ordinary
acceptation we may be deceived by that idea; but
I remind my friend of the well-settled legal prop-
osition, that a gift to a man without the word
" heirs " is only a gift for his life. If I should
convey to my friend a piece of property, express-
ing 111 the deed that I conveyed it forever, it would
only convey a life estate. If I should declare,
in the language of some of our Indian tieaties,
that I conveyed it to him as long as the grass
should grow, or the water should run, it would
be but a life estate. It requires the word " heir "
to enlarge the estate. So it is here; and I am
amazed, I must be permitted to say, that my
honored and distinguished friend, the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary, does not see
this plain proposition. The soldier is named
alone.
Mr. ADAMS. Will my friend allow me to
profound a question?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. ADAMS. I understand the Senator to
say, in illustration of his view on the point be-
fore uk, that unless the word " heirs" is used the
party only takes a life estate. If a party should
receive jus warrant, and locate it, has he no more
than a life estate in it under this law ?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly. Then the patent has
issued; then his estate vests; then it is an estate
in fee-simple. The right vests by the delivery of
the warrant; but, up to that time, he is only enti-
tled to receive it, if he be living; but, if he be not
living, he cannot receivc it, and is not entitled to
receive it; forthe statute says,if he be not living,
somebody else shall receive it.
The mistake is to suppose that this statute stands
on the ground of a conveyance. It is more like
the case of a will of which my friend from Mis-
sissippi spoke, where the testator, making a gift
out of his own bounty, has a right to designate
the objects of his bounty. He may designate
one person, and then upon the happening of a
given event another person, and upon the hap-
pening of another event another person, subject
only to those limitations which have been intro-
duced by the law to prevent perpetuity. That
is what Congress have done here. They have
named the specified objects of bounty; they have
named them in order; first the soldier, if living,
next the widow, and next the minor child; and
they never intended that any right should vest in
either of these parties to the exclusion of the other,
until the actual delivery of the warrant. Whatmay
be the rights of the parties after the warrant has
been delivered depends on another section—the
section to which 1 suppose my friend from Mich-
igan alluded. There is m the statute an express
grant of the right to assign and transfer the war-
rant. We all agree that it required that provision
of the law to authorize a transfer; and therefore
we must agree that there was no right of prop-
erty in any of these parties until the issuing of
