209
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Dunn.
Ho. or Reps.
Assembly, the Governor shall order a new election; and the
persons tnus clected to the Legislative Assembly
—so determined and declared to have been elected by
the Governor—these persons
—" shall meet at such place and on such day as the Gov-
ernor shall appoint; but thereafter the time, place, and man-
ner of holding and conducting all elections by the people,
and apportioning the representation in the several counties
and districts to the Council and House of Representatives
according to the number of qualified voters, shall be pre-
scribed by law."
There is one other thing to which gentlemen
should look, to see what may " be prescribed by
the law" of the Legislative Assembly. Itisthe "day
of the commencement of the regular sessions of the
Legislative Assembly." Does that, Mr, Speaker,
confer power on that Legislative Assembly to fix
the place7 Is there anything in what I have read
which confers on the Legislative Assembly, or
either branch of it, the power to determine who
shall be its members ? Both of these points are
important, and I beg gentlemen to bear them in
mind; for unless there can be shown some law
authorizing the Legislature there to do what we
officially know the body of men claiming to be
the Legislative Assembly of Kansas did do, there
is no validity whatever in what is referred to
here as the laws of Kansas, even if it should
turn out that there is nothing in the charge of
usurpation and force by non-residents. If they
have been made wholly outside of, and against,
the provisions of the organic law of the Terri-
tory, they are void and bind nobody. But of this
hereafter.
To return to my other point. The power of
settling the question—who was elected as a
member of either branch of the Legislative Assem-
bly?—is expressly referred to the Governor. Being
referred to him, could the Legislative Assembly
pluck it out of his hands ? It could not be exer-
cised by both. It was attempted to be exercised
by both. The Governor decided that certain per-
sons claiming seats as members of the Council
and House of Representatives were not duly
elected. Yet those persons who, it is alleged, were
elected by undue interference, by force, upon the
part of non-residents of the Territory, with arms
in their hands, constituted themselves a Legis-
lative Assembly, as they termed it, and received
as members of their respective bodies nine persons
decided and declared by Governor Reeder not
to be elected*, and drove out nine others who had
been thus lawfully declared to have been elected.
Keep in mind, that this power of determining
who were elected to that Legislature was pos-
itively referred to the Governor, and therefore
was as positively with held from any one else; and
then look at that proceeding, based upon a de-
fenseless usurpation. That is an act subversive
of government; it is revolutionary. If it stood
alone, the consequences might not be so serious;
but the charge is, that it is but an instance in a
violent series. I shall have occasion to refer to
it in another connection.
Mr. Speaker, my friend from Georgia gets into
a very strange inconsistency. He says we have
power to determine upon the election of members
of this House. He says that the ground upon
which he claims the election of the sitting Dele-
gate is the validity of the law under which he was
elected, and a regular election under it. He is
asked, is a law valid which does not emanate from
a competent authority ? He answers," That is a
closed question in this controversy—the legisla-
tion is valid." Who closed it? Who made the
legislation valid ? Had that Legislature, as it was
called, the authority ? A Legislature charged
composed, in part, of non-regidents
of the Territox-y, and therefore wholly incompe-
tent by law for membership—a Legislative As-
sembly, as is further charged, imposed upon the
Territory by non-residents, at the point of the
bayonet, against all law and all right—had such
a body of men the legal power to determine the
point of the validity of their action, and close the
question ? If this be so, there is no virtue in our
institutions. Have we no power in this country
to prevent revolution ? I ask the gentleman to
consider a little further as to where his doctrines
wpuld lead him. Here, sir, is the feeble State of
Delaware—small but gallant. But what would
her gallantrybe worth in the face of overwhelming
numbers? The Constitution has wisely placed it
in the power of that little State to wield a force in
one of the branches of this Government equal to
that of the most populous State in the Union.
There stands by her side States strong enough in
population and in power to crush her with a blow,
if they saw fit. In times of popular excitement,
these States might send within her borders a
force sufficient to drive her voters from the polls,
overwhelm them with superior numbers, and
elect her legislative body. A corrupt Governor
might acquiesce, and by his official act sanction
this revolutionary movement. That body of men,
imposed on the State by force, not chosen by law,
undertake to pass laws. Would their acts be
valid? Why, the very annunciation of the case
shows the absurdity of the proposition. That is
exactly what is charged to nave occurred in Kan-
sas. This Government has power to protect each
and every one of the States, as well as the Terri-
tories, from all such mischiefs. Each one of the
States and Territories is entitled to that protec-
tion. The acts of these usurpers would not have
to be repealed—they are void from the beginning.
This is a Government of law, not of force, and
it is only the Legislature of the law, that can make
a valid law.
You concede that there was power legitimately
existing in the Government to crush out and dis-
regard the Dorr rebellion. You say that it was
right and proper to do it; yet I believe the fact
was at the time, in that instance, the popular sen-
timent and movement within the State was largely
in the majority against the charter government,
and in favor of the Dorr constitution. But they
did not conform to the legal mode of changing the
government. They did not take the course which
usage and law had laid down as the one to be
pursued in moving from one step to another in
the progress of government; and therefore all they
did was held to be void. Can strangers, non-res-
idents of a State, give law to a State by a mode
which is not allowed to the citizens themselves?
But suppose the Dorr party had gone a step further
in their revolutionary movements—and they went
far enough to justify the supposition—suppose
this revolutionary Legislature and Governor had
enacted a code of laws; suppose they had changed
the whole system of qualifications of voters; sup-
pose they had provided a day on which to hold
the elections in the State, and persons had an-
nounced themselves as candidates for office; sup-
pose this irregular election had taken place, and
members to this House had been elected, and
came here to claim their seats, with commissions
signed by Governor Dorr and sealed by the seal
of this newly-organized State government; and
suppose that at the same time members elected
under the old charter government should also
appearand claim their seats, with regular creden-
tials from the old chartergovernment,—would not
this House inquire into the authority of this Dorr
government and Legislature to make these laws?
Would any man stand up here and say these laws
were valid? That it was a closed question?
Why, sir, the very power which this House
possesses to determine as to the election, returns,
and qualifications of its members, imposes upon
us the duty of doing everything that is necessary
to ascertain whether there has been a valid elec-
tion. It is essential to such an election that it
should be authorized and provided for by a valid
law. There can be no such law unless it ema-
nates from a lawful, not lawless, authority. Such
points are usually taken for granted,but they are
not closed questions. If a point of this sort is
raised, it is open for investigation like any other.
But there is a state of things existing in Kan-
sas, against which some gentlemen make strong
objections—an internal effort (this time) to dis-
place the national Government authority existing
m the Territory. Well, sir, I shall not complain
of what is said against all such irregular and rev-
olutionary movements as are going on there now,
and have, from the first, driven all peace and or-
der out of the Territory. They are wrong—all
and utterly wrong. No force of circumstances, no
allegiance to party, or other considerations, will
ever compel or persuade me to the approval of
such proceedings. I will cheerfully do whatever
may appear to be right and proper to bring such
troubles to a safe and happy issue, in view of all
the interests involved; but to this spirit, and these .
acts of turbulence and rebellion against the easy
and healthful rule of our laws, I will give no en-
couraging or approving word. All these efforts,
whether of invasion from without or insurrection
within, to overturn the organized government
there conferred by Congress, either by force or
fraud, or otherwise than the usual and lawful
mode of making such changes, deserve condem-
nation. Neither as a citizen of this country, nor
as a member of this House, will I purposely do
an act expressing my sanction of such proceed-
ings. They are lawless, revolutionary proceed-
ings, and oughtto be so characterized and treated.
I am in favor of the peaceful reign of law and
order, and of resorting to them in all desirable
changes in our domestic arrangements. Such a
resort is all that is necessary under our admirable
system of Government. Any other resort must
always be attended with danger to the Republic.
I remember to have been politically associated
some years ago, when the Dorr popular sover-
eignty doctrines were agitating the entire country,
with a law and order party; and what were its senti-
ments and teachings then ? That faithful old
Whig party inculcated no such miserable heresy
as that the people, in virtue of some vagrant or
mythic sovereignty which nobody could ever com-
prehend, might get together in any wild, tumult-
uous way, without regard to time, place, or pre-
scribed modes, upon every idle pretext or trifling
vexation, and change their government as they
do their clothing, to suit the temperature of the
seasons. They admitted the power, and in many
instances the propriety, of changes; but their doc-
trine was, " Proceed as the law directs in your re-
forms." Itisthe only doctrine entitled to respect,
except where government is a tyranny and there
is no redress but in an appeal to arms. That is
not true here. The "law and order" doctrine
was right then, and it is right now. 1 believe
that it was the other party that held a different
opinion in those days—that had the widows of
Dorr in the drapery of grief in all their public pro-
cessions. They thus appealed to the public sym-
pathies; and, by the influence of such and many
other appliances, stole away the national heart
from its true obligation and allegiance to law and
order—from obedience to the supreme law, and
the support of its true and steadfast friends. I
find now, in some instances, from what was then
of the organs of this old Whig party, a voice
urging us to turn our backs against these princi-
ples and precepts, to go we know not where. For
one, sir, I will not do it.
A Yoice. There has been a change on the
other side, too.
Mr. DUNN. My friend says that there has
been a change on the other side. I am glad to
hear it. If so, it is a change for the better; and
in my humble judgment there is room still for
improvement and growth in grace. I trust that
if at last their faces are turned toward Jerusalem,
they will never stop until they shall enter the
temple and renounce all their errors. I hope
when they do this and thoroughly repent they
may prosper. [Laughter.]
I wish to say something on another point. It
cannot be discussed fully in the brief period of
time left me; but I may be able to say enough upon
it to impress gentlemen with the necessity of fully
investigating the matter for themselves. On a
former occasion I suggested that the probability
was that legislative power, by the disregard of
the organic law, had gone out of the Territory.
I have already read an extract that shows some-
thing of the power which belonged to the Gov-
ernor and the Legislature of the Territory on the
subject. It is as follows:
" And the persons thus elected to the Legislativo Assem-
bly shall meet at such place and on such day as the Gov-
ernor shall appoint; but thereafter the time, place, and
manner of holding and conducting all elections by the people,
and apportioning the representation in the several counties
or districts, to the Council and House of Representatives,
according to the number of qualified voters, shall be pre-
scribed by law, as well as the day of the commencement of the
regular sessions of the Legislative Assembly."
" The day of the commencement"should " be pre-
scribed by law;" not the " place of meeting." All
these powers had, by the act organizing the Ter-
ritory,been conferred on the Governor, in the first
instance, for the purpose of putting the machinery
of the territorial government into operation; but
