210
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 17,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Galloway.
Ho. of Reps.
buildings for the use of the Legislature of the Territory of
Kansas, to be expended under the directions of the Gov-
ernor of said Territory."—Act of 1854, p. 5S3.
So far from this weakening, it strengthens the
position I have endeavored to establish. It ex-
pressly recognizes and reasserts Fort Leaven-
worth as the seat of government for the Territory.
almost—rather I should say, altogether—declares
the very reverse, " until the seat of government is
located by law, the sessions of the Legislative
Assembly shall be held." What do such terms
import, if not that there was no location then and
none designed to be then made ? This is plain.
But, sir, the seat of government with us is
The other section to which they call attention, the place of legislation; and, in the absence of
j law providing otherwise, it is the only place of
legislation. There was no law for this conduct, and
the Kansas Legislature had no power to make
such a law. Gentlemen refer us, in justifica-
tion of it, to what has occurred in England, to
what occurred in this country during our revo-
lutionary struggle, and to what has occurred in
some of the States since. As I have before said,
and for the reasons there given, the precedents on
that subject in England are not authority here in
support of the positidn gentlemen have taken.
And besides, as before remarked, these very
cases cited are declared by the English author-
ities to have been acts of revolution, because un-
warranted by and against law. Blackstone, the
very authority upon which gentlemen rely, ex-
pressly says, that the first thing done after Gov-
ernment had reacquired all its powers and branches
by means of these necessaryirregularities, was to pass
acts of Parliament of a healing and confirming char-
acter. He says further, that it was at the time
a great doubt among the lawyers whether even the
healing acts made good Parliaments, and held by
vert many in the negative.
But these irregularities are excused and de-
fended on the ground of a public necessity, which
overruled all law. There were interregnums.
The effective or operative power of the realm had
ceased—something had to be done to revive it, and
as there was no lawful or prescribed mode, and
no aiahority in that Government, with a power of
review in such matters, the propriety or impro-
priety of what was done could not be callea in
question. If in England it is conceded that a
reads thus:
" Appropriation of $25,000 for the continuance and erec-
tion of public buildings for use of the Legislature of Kansas,
to be expended under the direction of the Governor. Pro-
vided, That said money, and the money heretofore appropri-
ated, shall not be expended until the Legislature of said
Territory shall have fixed by law the permanent seat of
government."—Act o/1855, p. 635.
Does this alter the case ? All it amounts to
is to restrain the Governor from expending the [
money appropriated in the preceding act for the I
present—an appropriation of $25,000in addition, j
and by implication, an authority to the Legisla- i
ture of the Territory to locate a " permanent seat
of government," at which all the money should i
be expended. There is no just mode of reasoning
by which-we can deduce an authority to change
the seat of government temporarily from one
place to another, from the authority to locate
permanently. The very reverse is the natural
inference. The permission or instruction to do a
thing one way or for one purpose, where the
mode or purpose is announced, upon a legal prin-
ciple already alluded to several times, rebuts the
presumption of an intention or consent to any
departures from the permission or direction as
expressly given. High motives of State policy,
as well as considerations of economy, or matters
of less moment, might well induce Congress to
authorize the Legislature of the Territory to locate
a permanent seat of government, and still with-
hold the power of making temporary locations.
It has been urged by some of these gentlemen,
who insist that the Territorial Legislature has
this power, that Governor Reeder was guilty of
I have this to say: that, if it be so, it does not
prove this Kansas transaction to have boon right;
neither does the circumstance that there has been
an acquiescence establish it. Mankind have often
acquiesced in revolutionary movements. We
usually do so where we consider the mischief too
inconsiderable to call for serious complaint. But,
where that mischief is great, and where it threat-
ens still further and greater mischief, it becomes
us then promptly to rise up, and with resolute
hands to restore the former order of tilings. Such
mischiefs, it occurs to me, have grown out of
these irregularities and revolutionary movements
in Kansas, and such the duty upon us now to
check the progress of advancing evils.
I can find no difficulty, upon this view of the
case, in saying that the election of General Whit-
field is invalid, because it took place under a void
law—that the seat provided here for the Delegate
from Kansas is vacant—that all Legislative au-
thority has gone out of the Territory, and can
only be restored by our action, for the power
of the Governor to provide a Legislature ended
with the first election. He cannot order another.
If the facts charged here by the people of Kan-
sas, through their agent, Governor Reeder, and
which we are asked to investigate, are true, I
should come to the same conclusion. The in-
vestigation, however, I think, ought to be had,
even if there were no controversy about this con-
tested seat. Let the country know who is to
blame for all this mischief, and what is the blame.
Let us ascertain if the real evil is not in this new
fledged eagle of liberty—this outside-popular-
sovercignty doctrine—this liberty-without-law
theory, which is to take the place of our old
well-considered and well-tried theory and practice
of liberty with and under the law.
f , ' . . —  -— o j ijuvomuui ai ui uiigiauu ii ia tuutcucu UlcLl q,
an abuse in the location he made at Pawnee, from i mode of convening the Parliament different from
a motive of speculation in town property. Such
is the line of argument, in part, in the Presi-
dent's Kansas message. Is it n^t a little strange
that it never occurred to those who urge this upon
us that other persons than Governor Reeder are
sometimes influenced by this overmastering greed
of gain ? That even Legislative Assemblies might
be led into temptation, and roll the seat of gov-
ernment about from place to place in the Terri-
tory, _witli a view to a small " business operation "
(outside of law-gi*ing) " in town lots;"that thus
'here would be engendered heart-burnings and
aspirit of strife amongst men; gross frauds be
that prescribed by law—even where ithas become
physically impossible for the prescribed mode to
be pursued—is an act of revolution, how is the
lawfulness of legislation in this country to be de-
fended at a place different from thatfixed by law?
No doubt tnose who prescribed both the mode
and the place in such cases had at the time suffi-
cient reasons for what they prescribed, but after I
the law fixes the mode or the place, the reason
which induced the law has no further control,
but it is the arbitral^, cold rule of law that gov-
erns. This same Blackstone says even of the
British Parliament, to make it lawful it is necessary
perpetrated and the public honor compromised? that it should be called together at a determinate
is it unreasonable to suppose that there was wis- ('■orhiVh mono i;m,tQri
1 suppose that there was wis-
dom enough in Congress to foresee the danger of
such a state of things, and so to prevent it they
were willing to confer power to establish a per-
manent seat of government, but were unwilling
to grant power to put on foot a roving seat of gov-
ernment?
Sir, these usurpations by the Kansas Legisla-
ture of power to go where they pleased, ana stay
as long as they pleased, must hunt some better
defense than this. The removal from Pawnee
to Shawnee Mission was upon no pretense of
establishing a permanent, or even a temporary,
seat of government—no, sir, neither. They only
went to Shawnee to legislate " until the seat of
government should be located by law;" that was
all. They did not say that should be the seat of
government for a day, nor an hour; not even for
" a short time;" their language on the subject is
this: J
" Sec . 1. Until the seat of government is located hi law, the
teutons of the Legislative Assembly shallhe held at the Shaw-
nee Manual Labor School in the territory of Kansas."
" Sec. 2. Until the seat of government is loedkd (m law.
at aiove specified, the Governor and Secretary" are required
to keep their offices at this Shawnee Mission.
Sec. 3. Provides that as soon as the act takes
effect the Council and fiouse of Representatives
shall have power, by concurrent resolution, to
adjourn to Shawnee at once; and requires the
Governor and Secretary thereupon to remove
their offices forthwith, also, and then gives effect
to the act from its passage. This is all of it.
The very language used precludes all pretense of
a location of a seat of government by the act,
either temporarily or pemanently. It in terms
(which means limited, fixed, definite, established,
positive) time and place. It will not do to go
to law books for a defense of these Kansas trans-
actions.
The reference to the condition of things in this
country during our Revolution is equally unfor-
tunate for gentlemen. We had broken loose
from all human laws that had before then guided
or controlled us. There was^io law but the law
of necessity and of force, which that necessity
called in to aid in reorganizing Government.
Man, absolved from all temporal allegiance, went
to work to reconstruct the State. There was no
place fixed for his labors. The old temples were
in ruins, the old altars broken, the former rulers
; of the people were gone, and their rules were abol- ,
ished. Necessity called for a new law-giver—im- i
posed no restraints upon him but those of human- I
ity and justice. _ He might if he chose go into the !
burning mountain with Moses and write his law '
upon tablets of stone; or he might go into the
caverns of the earth, and write it there on parch-
ment; or he might go out upon the sea, and pro- \
claim it there to the storm, that it might come
back in his voice with the thunder of the waves,
to the listening multitude on shore, so they
hear and receive that law upon their hearts.
In the midst of anarchy, of public danger and
public despair, we are bound by no rules—all
maxims are dead; and you can no more find pre-
cedents there, to guide our action in a society of
law and order, than you could from the confusion
of troubled waters.
So far as any of the States of this Union may
have presented instances of a disregard to law,
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. S. GALLOWAY,
OF OHIO,
In the House op Representatives,
March 17, 1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. GALLOWAY said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not know that I shall be
able to throw any additional light upon the ques-
tions which have for some time past been so fully
and ably discussed. I rise rather in obedience
to the urgent solicitations of many of the con-
stitency which 1 represent, than in accordance
with the dictates of my own judgment. And, sir,
if I do not succeed in a clear expression of my
I views, I shall at least have the apology for not
speaking well that the school-boy had for not spell-
j ing well in the new school-house—" that I have
i not got the hang of the House." [Laughter.]
I desire to be impartial in the consideration of
? and, if I shall appear to those who
differ from me more as a partisan than a patriot,
I only ask from such the same respectful consid-
eration which I shall always be ready to recipro-
cate. I am unconscious of any feeling of par-
tiality or of prejudice influencing my judgment
in regard to the gentlemen claiming the position
of Delegate from Kansas on this floor; the de-
meanor of each, to my observation, has been
correct and commendable.
Mr. Speaker, the country loudly demands a
thorough investigation of this subject. With the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] I am sur-
prised that those who differ from us are unwilling
to have a full investigation, and that they endeavor
to preclude inquiry by interposing special, dila-
tory, and evasive pleas. Every lawyer who has
. 4, . , ,  — . i a meritorious case is usually anxious for a full
to the listening multitude on shore, so they could and fair trial: when, however, he is apprehensive
hearnnrl roro.™    u—- that justice may be too speedily and certainly
administered for the comfort of his client, he then
earnestly endeavors, by special pleas and demur-
rers, to postpone the day of doom. He who is
confident that he has espoused the cause of the
injured and the innocent courts investigation, and
is impatient for a verdict of acquittal; whilst he
who suspects the guilt of the culprit seeks relief
for the necessities of his friend in peril in the flaws
