18a6.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1S21
gation for two thousand miles from the falls of
St. Anthony downwards. The upper rapids are
passable at almost all seasons of the year, though
with some difficulty. The lower rapids cannot
be passed for two or three months of the year,
when they are impassable. The tax on com-
merce by the increased cost of transportation, in
three months of a single year, is nearly as much
as the amount of money here asked to be appro-
priated. The official estimate of the commerce
Massing over the rapids annually is $50,000,000.
am very sure that is far below the true amount,
but the greater portion of it is at that season of
the year when the river is low. The agricultural
products which are shipped to the South are
shipped in the fall of the year, when the river is
low, and that necessarily involves an increase in
the cost of transportation, so that the agricultural
products of the Swte of Iowa and northern Illi-
nois, so far as they depend on shipments south,
are of little value until these obstructions are
removed.
Now we ask for an appropriation of $200,000
in order that the work may progress so as to he
carried on effectually. The mischief heretofore
has been, that you have not appropriated enough
to remove the rook in the channel, so that the
work could not be undertaken to be carried on
effectually for the amount appropriated. The
sura which is estimated here, it is supposed,may
be expended beneficially, and the navigation
secured at all seasons of the year upon a naviga-
tion of two thousand miles, in which nearly one
half of the States of the Union are immediately
interested. I hope we shall be able to pass the
bill without further debate.
Mr. TOOMBS. X should like to know some-
thing further aboutthese statistics,because I take
a great deal of interest in these matters. J think
the Senator from Iowa says that $500,000,000 of
commerce pass over these rapids, and the Sena-
tor from Missouri says $50,000,000.
Mr. JOXES, of Iowa. That is the amount.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is a very important mistake
of $450,000,000. These engineers generally take
statements of the commerce of a place as they are
furnished; and it is a most ridiculous thing in the
American Senate to rely on reports every day of
the amount of commerce at these little places.
"Why, sir, the engineers make the commerce on
the lakes, as stated on this floor the other day,
$800,000,000, exceeding the entire productions of
the United States in 1850, including all the States.
This shows an ignorance of the ordinary statis-
tics of the country, shameful to the Senate, and to
those who use them. They are intended for no
other purpose but to delude the country. "We
have authentic data down to our last census, and
then we have data of most of the States of the
Union every five or seven years, which are gener-
ally very accurate. In order to get some improve-
ments at some harbor, or rapid, or river, or lake,
we were told, in reference to the lakes the other
day, that there were $800,000,000 of commerce
there.
Mr. CASS. I never saw the statement, and
never heard of it.
Mr. TOOMBS. It was used in the Senate,
and I alluded to it then, and now at this time 1
call attention to it. The Senator from Iowa has
corrected his error. This engineer, whoever he
may b^, says there are $50,000,000 of commerce
over these rapids. I suppose that anybody at all
acquainted with the country north of these rapids
on the Mississippi river, knows there is nothing
iri that statement; because, when you trace the
matter, where do the products of tliat section of
the country go ? Where are these enormous
amounts of their produce consumed ? They are
nut sent abroad. Do the people there take up
bed and baggage, and everything they have got,
and move it up and down these rapids for the
pleasure of traveling? Do they take their cat-
tle, and horses, and sheep, and goats, and travel
backwards and forwards all through these laXes
and rivers merely to be carrying values? This
is too ridiculous and nonsensical to cheat the
country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the consideration of the special order has arrived,
and itmustbetaken up,unless otherwise directed.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope we shall take a vote
on this bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. In answer to the
inquiry of my friend from Alabama, I beg leave
to say that Major Floyd is one of the most intel-
ligent men in the country. He was educated at
the same school with the present Secretary of
War, at West Point. He was appointed to this
office by the Secretary of War, who has as much
confidence in him, in my opinion, as he has in
any officer employed by the Government as an
engineer. I know him intimately myself, and
have known him for many years. I believe ev-
ery reliance can be placed on his estimates as an
engineer, and certainly upon his statements as
a gentleman and man of intelligence.
The first appropriation for these rapids was
made during the administration of General Jack-
son, and approved by him. The Senator from
Michigan was then the Secretary of War. I
believe the present Secretary of War, if he were
here, would recommend the appropriation; I do
not know that he would vote for it. I wont to
the Secretary of War after having been to the
Chief Engineer, Colonel Abert, to ask him to
increase the estimates for this impioveinent. He
said he would do so with pleasure, for he knew
the estimates ought to be made larger, but he
feared, if made larger, they would not pass Con-
gress. He knew that an expenditure could he
made with advantage by the General Govern-
ment of at least two hundred thousand dollars,
which is recommended by the gentleman in charge
of the work. I believe discussion on the subject
will do us more harm than good, and I ask that
the vote may be taken now. j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the consideration of the special order has arrived.
It is Senate bill No. 41.
Mr. PUOrBI. As this subject is germane to
the special order, I move that the Senate proceed
with the consideration of this bill.
Mr. STUART. I suggest that it would be
better to let this bill go over until to-morrow
morning. It will come up in the morning hour,
and that course will give better satisfaction. As
far as I am concerncd I have no choice, but I ;
suggest that it would be better to let it come up
in the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. PUGrEl. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina wishes to call up to-morrow the
bill which he introduced the other morning to fix
the compensation of members of Congress; and
I insist on my motion to postpone the spccial
order, and continue the consideration of the pres-
ent bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
HARtiOK OF NEW BUFFALO.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is the bill (S. No. 41) making an appropri-
ation for the construction of a harbor at New
Buffalo, in the State of Michigan.
The Senate proceeded, as m Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill, which proposes to
appropriate #40,000 for the construction of a har-
bor at New Buffalo. The contract for tho work
is to be let by the Secretary of War to such per-
son or persons as will agree to complete the har-
bor for the amount appropriated.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the estimates in this
case. I should like to hear them read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The Secretary
reports that there are no estimates accompanying
the bill in his possession.
Mr. STUART. They will be found at page
104, part 3, of the President's messngp and accom-
panying documents for 1853-'54.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to know some-
thing of the estimates on which this appropria-
tion is asked for. Are there any? I should like
to know from the committee. ;
Mr. STUART. The estimates are to be found j
in the volume which I have just handed to the j
Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay.] i
Mr. TOOMBS. When were they made ? !
They were sent to Congress j
Mr. STUART,
in 1853.
Mr. TOOMBS.
And have none been sent here
Mr. STUART. No, sir.
Mr, TOOMBS. "When were they made?
Mr. STUART. That same year.
Mr. TOOMBS. Some estimates were sent to
Congress in 1853 that were made six or ten years
before.
Mr. STUART. Congress made an appropria-
tion in 1852 for the construction of a harbor' at
this point, and the next year this estimate was
made.
Mr. TOOMBS. The last appropriation made
was in Mr. Fillmore's time. Formerlyit took
one of that kind of Administrations to get them;
but now you get them more easily sinc^you have
a coalition between parties; now you get them
without a "Whig Administration. I think the
last before this year was under Mr. Fillmore's
administration. I believe that was the only time
Sou could come at them, until this break in the
'emocratic party.
Mr. CASS. The estimates came in under the
Administration in 1853.
Mr. MASON. The estimates were made in
1850, on the surveys by this United States agent,
Mr. Bowes. In 1853, the Secretary sent to Con-
gress the report of the board of engineers pro-
posing certain sums of money upon these esti-
mates to be expended in that year, but the esti-
mates were in 1850, as the report will show.
Mr. CLAY. I want to call attention to a sin-
gle paragraph in this report of the agent, which
was made in 1850 I believe. It is in itself a.
commentary on the several measures now before
the Senate, tending to show what I have hereto-
fore suggested, that many of these harbora are
not made for the sake of commerce now, but
with the view of creating commerce. Here is
what he says:
" Fiom the annexed estimate, the cost of completing this
improvement will be $112,067 49, and 'after deducting the
pies-nit appiopriation, #104,-.287 49; by which it will be
perceived unit the cost of tilts improvement will not mate-
rially differ tiom that of similar works, and, when com-
pleted, will, without doubt, make a good and capacious
harboi either for local or general commerce. The exports
of thi^ point have thus tar been confined to lumber; hut ad
a good quality of soil is in itn vicinity, it will, without
doubt, be more cultivated as soon a harbor is provided
capable of affording facilities for the shipment of pioduce."
Thus it appears that the trade and commerce
of the place do not require the harbor; but for
the prospective gains that may result from the
construction of the harbor, they ask for this ap-
propriation. They ask for it, in other words, not
for the sake of commerce already existing, but
to create commerce. They say, " Build aharbor,
and no doubt there will be a fine trade resulting
from the cultivation of the soil. It will com-
mence as soon as the harbor is made capacious
and ready for the reception of vessels." But at
this time there is nothing but some lumber to be
transported. I have no time to read the reports.
What appropriation does this bill call for ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Forty thou-
sand dollars.
Mr. CLAY. The report states that $112,967
is necessary to complete the work, and that
S104,2G7 has already been appropriated.
Mr. STUART. No, sir; I think $10,000 was
appropriated.
Mr. CLAY. Then, I read it wrong. Either
the Senator from Michigan or this agent is
greatly at fault. He says:
" From the annexed estimate, the cos-t of completing
this improvement will be ,$112,267 49 ; and, after deduct-
ing the present appropriation, .'$104,267 49."
Mr. STUART. The appropriation was $8,000.
Mr. CLAY. Then the question results, why
does this bill make an appropriation of only
$40,000? Here the agent, this Mr. Bowes, one
of the fossil remains of West Point, an antique
of that institution, who graduated before they
had a school of civil engineering there, whose
education, as I remarked yesterday, was com-
pleted with the single rule of three, tells us it
will take $112,000 to complete the work, and
here they come and ask for ยง40,000. He tells
us that the commerce of the place does not need
it now, but doubtless will, if you make a. good
harbor; because, in that event, the soil in the
vicinity, which is good, will be cultivated. He
tells us there is nothing but some lumber there
at this time to be transported; that it has nothing
but a lumber trade; and, with a parity of reason-
ing, I suppose, you might ask for a harbor at
every two miles along that coast. I dare say
lumber can be found for shipment within every
two miles throughout the whole extent of the
coast of Lake Michigan.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think this appropriation is
upon the best basis of any that I have yet seen.
It is on the same worldly wisdom that I have
observed oftentimes in humble life. Down in
