■
\ ' -
1850.
HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
he be a rank out-and-out Republican, resting on a
national platform which does look somewhat to
the interests of freedom.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I give notice that I shall
oppose all debate until the result of this vote be
announced
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, (on his name
being called.) I desire to say that I believe in
the doctrines of this resolution, but I do not be-
lieve that any service will be done by passing it.
I vote no.
The Clerk continued the call of the roll, and
announced the result as above.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon (at five o'clock) ad-
journed till to-morrow at twelve o'clock m. /
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 12, 1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CAMPBELL., of Ohio, took the floor.
The CLERK. "Will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] suspend his remarks until the
Clerk reads a paper to the House ?
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
The CLERK then read a paper, of which the
following is a copy:
The Clerk desires to state that he has ascer-
tained, since the adjournment of yesterday, upon
a reexamination of the vote of Wednesday night
last, on the motion of Mr. Sage to lay upon the
table the resolution of Mr. Snteed, requesting
Mr. Orr to preside as temporary Chairman until
a Spe,alter is elected, that the announcement—of
yeas 100, nays 101—was erroneous, and should
have been—yeas 100, nays 98. The resolution
was consequently laid aside upon the tabic, and
the subsequent action of the House should not
have been taken; and, with the consent of the
House, the Journal will be corrected accordingly.
[Cries of " Agreed!"]
TEN-MINUTE RULE PLATFORMS.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move, Mr. Clerk, that
the resolution confining debate to ten minutes bo
suspended until next Wednesday, unless other-
wise ordered by the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) 1 do not
wish to interrupt the gentleman, or to taKFthe floor
from him for an instant; but I would ask him to
modify his motion by adding to it a proviso that
there shall be no voting until that time. The
gentleman from Ohio will see the reason of this:
it is, that these members who do not wish to take
part in the debate may lie at liberty to attend to
the business of their constituents.
Mr. CAMPEELL. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clinoman] can move that as an
amendment afterwards.
My reason, Mr. Clerk, for making this motion
is, that on yesterday the House, by resolution,
gave notice that'' depositions'' would be taken, to
be used on the hearing of the " bills of discovery"
in regard to " platforms." It is not possible for
the honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson,] the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] and the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Fuller,]
or any of the other gentlemen who are before the
House as candidates for the speakership, to de-
fine their position in ten minutes. I do not know
how far it is proposed to carry on this investiga-
tion—how far back we are to go, or to what extent
the political platforms of this day or of past times
are to be overhauled for repairs. I have never
had a great deal of respect for platforms—never
any unless my own judgment approved them.
Now, sir, I would inform the gentlemen who
arc to be interrogated, that I have here a scrap-
book, which I tender to them for their use. ^ it
contains, I believe, all the political platforms tnat
have been adopted since 1832; all those on the
slavery question since 1840; I have here the plat-
form of the Democratic party when the question
of the annexation of Texas was before the coun-
try; the celebrated Nicholson letter platform in
1848; the platform of 1852 of both the political
parties of this country, declaring that there
should be " no agitation of the slavery question in
Congress or out of it." I have also some more
ancient platforms: I have the Buffalo and the
Pittsburg platforms. I have those which are still
more ancient: I have in my hand two platforms
for which I have high regard—the Constitution
of the United States and the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. I would have had the Bible, with a
view to refer those who are about to testify on
the question of human slavery, particularly to a
platform made in the mountain by the Savior of
mankind, for the government of the conduct of
men. I allude to Christ's sermon oil the Mount;
but I understand that that book is not to be had
in the Congressional Library. I believe there
was one copy of it there a long time ago, but it
is said to have been removed to make room for
the worbs of Eugene Sue.
I profess, Mr. Clerk, to stand politically on the
two platforms I have first alluded to—tlie Con-
stitution of the United States and the Declaration
of Independence. In my intercourse with my
follow man 1 try, without success, to adhere to
the platform last mentioned. 1 wish to make
this suggestion to the Clerk, for the benefit of the
gentlemen who are to be interrogated in reference
to the twaddle contained in these party/ plat-
forms—particularly to my friend from Illinois,
[Mr. Richardson,] that there should be a card
placed over that chair during this investigation
containing the wholesome warning found over
the doors of railroad cars, " It is dangerous to
stand on the platform [Laughter.] 1 make it
particularly for the benefit of my friend from Il-
linois: " if is dangerous to stand on the platform"
which the Democratic party made at the time he
was nominated. My personal esteem for that
gentleman induces me to warn him, and the engi-
neers of his train, of the impending danger. They
are trying to make great speed upon a "Jfot bar"
track, and there is danger of &)ake-heads!
It is well known, when testation y was last, taken
here by the honorable gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Cox,] as to how the Democrats construed
the Nebraska bill in the North end m the South,
in reference to its effects on slavery, that it was
shown most clearly that the southern Democrats
made it mean one thing, and. the northern Demo-
crats an entirely different thing. If the gentleman
stands upon that pla'form he will be in danger of
a collision between these two Democratic trams,
one running north and the other south upon the
same party track. Mr. Cleik, in friendship, I
give the gentleman and his friends, in advance,
the benefit of tins warning, "It is dangerous to
stand on the platform
Mr. BARKSDALE. I should like to ask the
gentleman from Ohio one question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. In my ten minutes I have
not, time to bo interrogated and to answer. I
merely" wished to give notice, at the. start that I
shall claim the right to put cross interrogatories
to those witnesses who are to be questioned.
Mr. BARKS DAI,E. The gentleman says
there is a difference in the construction of the
Nebraska and Kansas platform among the Dem-
ocrats North and South. Now, what I want to
know is, whether there is tiny difference of opin-
ion in reference to it m the Republican party
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have made no inquiries
of the Republican party on that point. I do not,
spook by authority for that party or any other.
I will tell the gentleman what I think of the Ne-
braska act. I have ceased to speak for or be
responsible for any person but myself. I regard
it as one of the most iniquitous and unjust acts
that ever passed by the vote, of Congress—potent
for evil, powerless for good results.
Mr. BARKS DALE. One giving the South
the full measure of their rights, and nothing more.
Does the gentleman object to that?
Mr. CAMPBELL. X speak for myself, and
I have always said I am willing to give the South
and their slaves their full rights, under the Con-
stitution; nothing more—nothing more. My ten
minutes heat; expired.
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from Illinois
will suspend until we can have a vote upon the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] to suspend the ten-minute rule.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I see no necessity
for rescinding the ten-minute rule, at all, for any
particular length of time. I would suggest the
propriety of suspending it so far as to allow those
gentlemen for whom the House has been voting
whatever time they may wish to "answer such
questions as may be propounded- to them, or at
least to answer the interrogatories'addressed to
them by my colleague, [Mr. Zoi.r.!CorFEi:. j That
can be done without rescinding the rule generally".
The House has voted that it is right that those
gentlemen should answer these interrogatories-,
and I take it for granted the House will give them
suficicnt time to reply. I hope, therefore, feat
this rule will be suspended so far as the gentle^
men who have been voted for for Speaker are
concerned, in answering the questions that may-
be put to them; but no further.
Mr. MILLSON. I trust the House will not
suspend the rule limiting debate at all; and I am
still more unwilling that the rule should be sus-
pended for the reason assigned by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.] [A Voice: " That's
right!"] Sir, theHouse yesterday adopted a res-
olution, general, abstract in its terms, having no
special application to any particular candidates
for office,'but simply declaring that, in the judg-
ment of the members of this House, candidates
for political offices ought to make known their
opinions to those who are asked to vote for them.
It has no special application to those gentlemen
who have been voted for here as candidates for
the post of Speaker.
I beg leave to say, with all due deference to
other gentlemen, that I think the House would
place itself m a somewhat undignified position
by now suspending the rule for the express pur-
pose of inviting those gentlemen for whom they
have been voting for the last six weeks to explain
their views.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would suggest to the
gentleman, that, he move to lay the motion of tho
gentleman from Ohio on the table.
Mr. MILLSON. I shall presently do so.
Mr. Clerk, this resolution,as I have said, is gen-
eral mils terms. 1 did not vote for itasa special
invitation to those gentlemen who ore candidates
for the position of Speaker, to address the House
irnexplanation of their opinion, or to place them
under any sort of obligation to do so. I am not
willing that my vote, standing as it does in favor
of that resolution, shall be so construed.
1 f those gentlemen desire to express their views,
I have no objection; and X have no doubt that the
House will acquiesce in their wishes, and afford
them an opportunity of delivering their senti-
ments. But I think it is hardly consistent with
the dignity of the House to invite those gentlemen
to the stand, and to suspend this rule, under the
idea that they desire to be heard, when lio such
desire has been intimated by any of them. 1 do
nol tlunk the House may properly place them in
that position.
If other gentlemen designed to give the resolu-
tion passed yesterday this special application, I
certainly did not. If the candidates desire to
speak, the House will, 1 am sure, readily afford
them the opportunity. If questions are put to
them, they can answer, or not, as they may think
proper; but I do not think this House should
resolve itself into a debating society, for the dis-
cussion of all possible subjects that can be brought
before it.
Where is this debate to stop? What question
may not be put to these gentlemen ? If any gen-
tleman should ask my friend from Illinois [Air.
Richardson] whether he would be willing to
recognize the Walkergovernment inNicaragua, it
would bo said not to be altogether impertinent, for
the Speaker of the House is the fourth officer of
the country, and in certain contingencies, would
be called on to administer the executive duties
of the Government. Then the question, though
not pertinent to the duties of the Speaker's chair,
would be pertinent to the duties which he might
contingently be called on to execute in the event
of vacancies in the offices of President, V ice Pres-
ident, and President of the Senate. Therefore,
to test the sense of the House on the question, I
move that the resolution submitted by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] be laid on tlie
table.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I ask the gentleman
from Virginia and the gentleman from Ohio to
withdraw their several propositions. If it should
happen to be necessary, in order that gentlemen
may answer the questions which are propounded to
