212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 17,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Galloway.
Ho. of Reps.
years crcatures of their own, as commissioners m every
county, to lay and collect taxes, and see that the laws they
are passing are taithtully executed. Has tins age anything
to compare with these acts in audacity :J9
I quote, also, an article from the Squatter Sov-
ereign of April 1, 1855:
" Independence, March 31,1855.
" Several hundred emigrants from Kansas have just
entered our citv. They were preceded by the Westport and
Independence 'brass bands. They came in at the west side
of the public square, and proceeded entirely around it—the
bands cheering us with fine music, and the emigrants with
good news. Immediately following the bands were about
two hundred horsemen in regular order; following these
wifre &ne hundred aud fifty wagons, carriages, 8tc. They
gave repeated cheers for Kansas and Missouri. They report
Mat not an anti-slavery man will be in the Legislature of
Kansas. We have made a clean sweep!"
This -was written one day, and published two
days after the election at which were chosen the
members of the pretended Legislature of Kansas.
This needs no explanation; it is eminently sig-
nificant of the character of the election of March
30. Hear a portion of an editorial article of the
same paper, published August 28, 1855:
" Kansas, deprived of the aid hitherto received from her
southern allies, would prove on easy prey to these rapacious
thieves of the Worth. If, however, the North flatter them-
selves that this can be done, we most humbly beg leave to
undeceive them. We can tell the impertinent scoundrels
of the Tribune that they may exhaust an ocean of ink, their
emigrant aid societies spend their millions and billions,
their Representatives in Congress spout their heretical theo-
ries till doomsday, and his Excellency Franklin Pierce
appoint Abolitionist after Free-Soiier as our Governor—yet
tre will continue to tar and feather, iroirn, lynch and hang
every white-livered Abolitionist who dares to pollute our
•oil."
The remark—"we will continue"—indicates
that the interesting process of overawing freemen
by the patriotic instrumentalities indicated had
been auspiciously begun!
I read, also, an extract from a speech purport-
ing to have been spoken by Mr. Atchison to his ,
friends in Plftte county, on the 4th of February.
After describing the progress of operations with
which he was connected, he says: j
" W ell,what next ? Why, an election for members of the
Legislature to organize the Territory must be held. What
did t advise you to do then ? Why, meet them on their own
ground, and beat them at their own game again; and, cold
and inclement as the weather was, 1 went over with a
company of men. My object in going over was not to vote;
I had no right to vote, unless I bad disfranchised myself in
Missouri. I was not within two miles of a voting place.
My object in going was not to vote, but to settle a difficulty
between two of our candidates; and the Abolitionists of
the North said, and published it abroad, that Jltfhison teas
there rcith bowie-knife and revolver, and by God 'twas true.
Inever did go into that Territory—I never intend to go into
that Territory, toiihout being prepared for all such kind of
tattle. Well, we beat them; and Governor Reeder. gave
certificates to a majority of all the members of both Houses;
and then, after they were organized, as everybody will ad-
mit, they were the only competent persons to say who were
and who were not members of the same."
Mr. KEITT. Where did you get that from ?
_ Mr. GALLOWAY. It comes from the New
York Times, giving the full speech of General
Atchison.  
Mr. KEITT. And I wish to say in this con-
nection that that report has been contradicted; and
the gentleman from Ohio ought to have known
that fact.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I did not know of any
authorized contradiction. My knowledge may
not be so Ml as yours, and I do not vouch for its
authenticity. The? Missouri Democrat of March
12, 1856, furnishes evidence a little more recent
and conclusive on the subject, taken from the
Weston Reporter:
, "Pro-Slavery Aid Society of Platte We feel
nappy in being able to announce to our readers that the age
of folly has passed, and that the day of good hard practical
sense is inaugurated in Weston and Platte county. J
" The Self-Defensive Society has died the death of the
ridiculous, and gone to the ' tomb of the Capulets,' unwept, :
unhonored, and unsung. Peace be to its ashes! v
"At a public meeting held in this place on Saturday, 16th
instant, a pro-slavery emigrant aid society was inaugurated,
and a committee appointed to obtain subscribers to the stock
of the society.
" General B. M. Hughes, of Buchanan, made a very sens-
ible speech to the meeting, by request. He took the posi-
tion that Free-Soilers and Abolitionists had a legal right to
vote in Kansas, and that the South must beat them at the
polls by numbers.
" We note this as an evidence that light begins to shine
In dark quarters. Such a declaration three months ago
would have been rank abolitionism in the eyes of the Argus.
" He said that the policy heretofore pursued, of going over
to Kansas to vote, worked badly, and must be given up.
He would never cross over to vote again. He denied that
the emigrant aid men from Boston, .who were seen in Kan-
sas with cotton umbrellas and carpet-sacks, with their hats
chalked ftom and to Boston, were bona-fide settlers. They
! were under contract to vote twice, and they complied with
i the contract and left for home.
I << We are encouraged the more in this hope from a remark
which fell from General Stringfellow, which was, that he
did not intend to be quite so prominent hereafter as he had
been heretofore.
" H'e have always contended that the wild and blind pol-
icy heretofore pursued was doing more harm than good; and
we rejoice with the true friends of the cause that the day
of blindness and folly has passed away, and that reason and
good sense rules the hour."
Sir, do not these statements and declarations
strongly tend to corroborate the allegations of the
committee; and do they not justify immediate and
diligent inquiry ? But we So not depend exclu-
sively upon this species of evidence. Is not the
fact notorious that, in April, 1855, the editor of
the Luminary, published at Parkville, Missouri,
liad his press broken, and thrown into the river,
and was himself driven away by a public meet-
ing—and for what? Not that he was an Aboli-
tionist; but because he advocated an honest ful-
fillment of the provisions of the Kansas-Nebraska
act, and used the power of his press to prevent
his friends in Missouri from disturbing the peace
and rights of the actual settlers in Kansas. Does
not every man who is familiar with the character
of the individuals who have gone to Kansas from
various States of this Confederacy, know that the
, representation is uniform and universal; that on
the 30th March, 1855, there was an invasion of
the polls; that the ballot-boxes were taken by
force; and that in some districts the number of
voters was two and three-fold larger than the
number enrolled by the census one month pre-
vious ? With this evidence and notoriety of what
transpired at the election in March, we draw the
conclusion, that the Legislature, elected and or-
ganized under such circumstances of force and
fraud, was debauched and utterly void; that it was
infected with the leprosy of fraud; that no subse-
quent act could eradicate its original and inherent
depravity, that its enactments were but the pol-
luted streams of a corrupt fountain; and that, by
consequence, the law under which Mr. Whitfield
1 pretends to have been elected was utterly void.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask a question here ?
; Mr. GALLOWAY. Certainly.
I Mr. SMITH. It is just this—and I really de-
j sire to be informed—do you know the number of
inhabitants returned by the census report?
Mr. GALLOWAY. I do not know precisely.
Mr. SMITH. How near do you come to it?
Mr. GALLOWAY. I have the figures here,
but I do not wish to occupy time in searching for
them.
Mr. SMITH. You can say, perhaps, whether
it was three, four, five, or ten thousand.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I would be happy to ac-
commodate you, and will furnish you the docu-
ment containing the census enumeration.
Mr. Speaker, I present and maintain, as a
prominent point, to which I invite the attention
of the House, that this Kansas Legislature has,
by its legislation, utterly violated the great funda-
mental principle of the organic act of the Territory;
and hence that all its enactments contravening
the constitutional law of the Territory are void.
The distinguished Senator, [Mr. Douglas,] who
ought to know the spirit and letter of the Kansas-
; Nebraska act, has, m a recent report, thus char-
acterized that measure:
" The leading idea and fundamental principle of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act, as expressed in the law itself, was to leave
' the actual settlers and bona-fide inhabitants of each Territory
j ' perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
I turns in their own way, subject only to the Constitution of
the United States.'"
I
| These are the words expressing this " leading
idea," and which may be found in the fifteenth
; section of the act:
" It being the true intent and meaning of this act not to
legislate slavery into any Territory, nor to exclude it there-
from, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their own way."
Now, sir, I respectfully ask that gentleman,
and all in this House who concur with him in
sentiment, whether that "fundamental principle"
is not totally subverted by these enactments ?—
«If any person print, write, introduce into, or publish,
oruC,'r£ulPte'01 cauja to be brought into, printed, written,
published, or circulated, or (ball knowingly aid or assist in
bringing into, printing, publishing, or circulating, within
this Territory, any book, paper, pamphlet, magazine, hand-
bill, or circular, containing any statements, argument?,
opinion, sentiment, doctrine, advice, or innuendo, calcu-
lated to produce a disorderly, dangerous, or rebellious dig -
affection among the slaves of this Territory, or to induce
such slaves to escape from the service of their ma ters, or
to resist their authority, shall be guilty of a felony, and be
punished by imprisonment, at hard labor, for a term not
less than five years."
" If any free person, by speaking or writing, assert or
maintain that persons have not the right to hold slaves in
this Territory, or shall introduce into this Territory, print,
publish, write, circulate, or cause to be introduced into
this Territory, written, printed, published, or circulated,
in this Territory, any book, paper, magazine, pamphlet, or
circular, containing any denial of the right of persons to
hold slaves in this Territory, such person shall be deemed
guilty of felony, and punished by imprisonment, at hard
labor, for a term not less than two years."
" No person who is conscientiously opposed to holding
slaves, or who does not admit the right to hold slaves in this
Territory, shall sit as a juror on the trial of any prosecution
for any violation of any of the sections of this act."
These are but a portion of the infamous laws
conferring freedom upon the people to regulate do-
mesticinstitutions. All will admit that matrimony
is a domestic institution which the people ought
to be free to regulate in " their own way." But
suppose that interesting Territorial Assembly had
enacted, that if any person write, print, or cir-
culate any document containing any statement,
sentiment, or innuendo calculated to produce a
dangerous or disorderly disaffection among the wives
of that Territory, or should circulate any book,
paper, or circular, containing a denial of the right
of persons to hold wives in that Territory, and that,
for the former offense, he should be imprisoned
not less than five, and for the latter not less than
two years,—would not the unanimous judgment
be that such law-makers ought to be inmates of a
lunatic asylum instead of members of a Legis-
lative Assembly? The people of that Territory
could not build prisons large enough to hold all the
felons who would make "statements and innuen-
does" causing disorderly, dangerous, and rebel-
lious disaftections among the wives, and who
denied the right of persons to marry; and it would
not be many years until it would be more respect-
able to be inside than outside of a prison. Unless
slavery is a dearer domestic institution than mar-
riage, I cannot conceive why slaves should be pro-
tected with more tenderness and care than wives.
Is the liberty of speech and of the press to be
thus caricatured by civilized legislators ?
Mr. Speaker, how are they "perfectly free ?" If
you, or I, to-day, in any company in Kansas,
were to express the very common, and as we
think very reasonable sentiments, that free labor
was more profitable and vastly more pleasant than
slave labor, and that the people would be richer,
happier, and holier with the benefits of freedom
than with the blessings of slavery, we would be
liable to arrest; and although perfectly free, we ^
might in a short time have the glorious experience
of the perfection of our freedom within the walls
of a prison—a place not usually regarded as af-
fording the largest liberty.
Suppose some meek minister of Christianity,
not fully having the fear of th« law in his heart,
should, whilst declaring the whole counsel of
God, in a moment of unusual spiritual excitement
utter such scriptural sentiments as—" Is not thia
the fast that I have chosen, to loose the bands
of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and
to let the oppressed go free, and that ye break
every yoke?" " Whatsoever ye would that men
should do to you, do ye even so to them"—might
not some " popular sovereignty " Democrat, inno-
cently suspecting that such words contained " in-
nuendoes, "at least calculated to excite "disor-
derly and dangerous disaffections," arrest him, and
start him in the straight and narrow way to a
place where he would not be so perfectly free to
preach the free gospel of "peace on earth and
good-will to men," if not in his own way, at least
in the way prescribed by the pious legislators in
Kansas ?
Suppose, on the 4th of July, some patriotic and
fervent patriot should read from the Declaration
of Independence: "W e hold these truths to be self-
evident: that all men are created free and equal;
that they are endowed with certain inalienable
rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness;" might not some descendant
of those sires of the Revolution who first uttered
those sentiments, which then.and since have been
known and felt to produce disorderly and danger•
