1881
TfiE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July BO,
my country sometimes, when the old women want
martins to come, they stick up a long pole and
put some birds to it, and the martins will come
to fight the hawks. This is precisely on that
idea. If you will make a good place, a hole in
in the lake, where people can ship their produce,
they will.buy the lands belonging to some of
these parties and make a commerce there; so that
there will be one port more than before. It will
be very advantageous to the country, it seems,
because there are good lands about the neighbor-
hood which people will settle, provided you give
them this advantage! This is the basis of the
present bill. It is not even put upon the ground
of a harbor of refuge. I do not think the Senator
from Michigan can even put it on the ground
of commerce, because there is no commerce
there to regulate or facilitate; and it is evidently
not for the purposes of refuge. It is a naked
land speculation—that is all. The committee do
not give us any information about it. They sit
mum. They do not think it comports with the
true position of a committee to give us informa-
tion on such subjects. They are grinding out
the bills every day. They have presented three
or four within the last two days. They grind
them out every day; and when they are report-
ing appropriations of millions and millions of
dollars of the public money, they say " some
estimates were sent here in 1853, some were
made in 1849, and some ten or fifteen years ago;
and we are carrying out those plans, whether
good or not; whether the wall has washed away
or not; whether the sand has filled up or not;
whether it is not necessary to remove it out into
the lake or further up; we do not care anything
about these points, for we think we have a
chance now, by combining altogether, to over-
ride the veto; and now is a good time to rake up
all the old estimates and put all we can into our
hands."
I put it fairly to the country, if that is not the
basis before the Senate? That is the state of the
facts. They think they arc able, by a combina-
tion, by a coalition of Black Republicans, Free-
Soilers, and a part of the Democratic party, to
reach the public Treasury; and therefore they
say, " All ye that thirst for public money, slake
your thirst; we have a good time of it; this com-
bination is strong enough to override a Dem-
ocratic President; let us all stand together, and the
door of the public Treasury will be opened, for
we have found a combination strong enough to
knock out the bottom." Tlmt is the proposition.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the engrossment of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As f shall be compelled to
vote against tins appropriation, although the
locality is very near to my home, I must state
my reasons for doing so, in a very few words.
I do not believe that a harbor can ever be made
at New Buffalo, and 1 do not believe a town of
any size will ever exist there, if you have a harbor.
It is ten miles from Michigan City; it is a new
town started a few years ago by the Michigan Cen-
tral Railroad Company. That company bought
the railroad from the State of Michigan to term-
inate at some point in the State. Hence they must
get a point as near to the Indiana line as they
could, to make a temporary landing. They spent
a large amount of money m making piers. I
happened to be on the first train of cars that went
across, and took the boat at that place. 1 know
we came very near getting drowned, and sinking
the boat.
I should be glad to see a harbor there, if one
could be made, but I doubt whether it can be
made. There is not water sufficient to keep the
channel open into the creek, and there is no depth
of water in the creek; it is almost a mere sand-
bank. You may make as many piers there as
you please, and the first storm will destroy them.
As there is no considerable commerce there, and
never can be, and as you can never make a harbor
of refuge there, and as I do not think the work
will be worth forty cents of the §40,000 proposed
to be expended, I do not see how I can vote for
this appropriation.
The question being taken on ordering the bill
to be engrossed for a third reading, resulted—1
yeas 17, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Cass, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster, Harlin, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones
of Tennessee, Sebasuan, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wright—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell
of Tennessee, Biggs, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clay, Crit-
tenden, Douglas, FitzpauicK, Geyer, Hunter, Iverson,
Johnson, Mallory, Mason, Pugh, Reid, Toombs, and Wel-
ter—21.
So the bill was rejected.
HARBOR AT CLINTON RIVER.
The Senate as in Committee of the Whole next
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 42) mak-
ing an appropriation for the construction of a
harbor at the mouth of Clinton river, in the State
of Michigan. Under the provisions of the bill
$10,000 will be appropriated for the construction
of a harbor at the mouth of Clinton river. The
contract for the construction of the harbor is to
be let by the Secretary of War to such person or
persons as he shall think proper, who will agree
to complete it for the amount appropriated, with
such sureties, and according to such plan, as shall
be approved by him.
Mr. MASON. I perceive that the Senator
from Alabama has got the general list. I hope he
will inform the Senate as to the amount of the
estimates. The appropriation in the bill is
|10,000.
Mr. CLAY. I have not been able to find the
report. I never heard of an estimate for this work,
and I shall be obliged to the Senator from Mich-
igan if he will find it and submit it to the Senate,
unless it is the pleasure of the Senate that we
shall vote on these matters without any inform-
ation at all.
Mr. CASS. There has been an estimate sent
in and approved, and an appropriation of $6,000
was made before. This is a very important
river. It enters into Lake St. Clair, and at its
mouth is the only harbor we have on that lake.
There is a small bar across the river, and the
object of the bill is to remove it. Six thou-
sand dollars has been appropriated for that pur-
pose heretofore, but has been found not to be
enough.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to ascertain what
is the trade of tlieplace, and what is the necessity
of the improvement. It may turn out, on exam-
ination of the local agent's report, that this har-
bor, like thatat New Buffalo, is intended merely
to create a town, and not for the sake of any
existing commerce.
Mr. CASS. There is a town, Mount Clement,
close to the mouth of the river. It is a very im-
portant town, that has been laid out for forty
years to my certain knowledge, and of great im-
portance to the country about it. It has very
considerable exportations and shipping, it is an
important position, and the only harbor we have
on Lake St. Clair.
Mr. CLAY. I hope we shall be shown the
estimate. I do not see any in the book, though
I have looked through it, and I do not know
that there are any estimates. We had a bill be-
fore us the other day for which no estimates
whatever could be shown. I think it is due to
the Senate that some authority should be pre-
sented for this appropriation. I cannot find any
estimate, though 1 have looked for it.
Mr. CASS. It is in the report of the engineer
board.
Mr. STUART. If Senators would take occa-
sion to inform themselves there would be no dif-
ficulty about this matter. It seems to me to be
a bad argument for a Senator to get upwind say,
" I do not know anything about these subjects."
The Committee on Commerce have reported these
bills, and my colleague has stated that there is
an estimate for this work—a full estimate, made
by the late son-in-law of my colleague, Captain
Canfield, of the engineer corps, under the direction
of the War Department. That is the basis of
the action of the committee. When the com-
mittee make a statement here, it is scouted.
Senators say they have no confidence in the
committee, or in gentlemen here. We show
them the estimates, and then they tell us they
have no confidence in the estimates. I think the
Senator from Alabama calls a gentleman who
made some of these estimates a fossil remain.
Senators have no confidence in anybody h ere—no
confidence in our estimates, and yet they want
our estimates. That argument, to my mind, is
not very reliable. The estimate for this work, I
can assure the Senator from Alabama, is here in
the volume, and can be found with very little
difficulty. The Senator says he did not attend
the committee this morning. If he had done so
he could have seen all these estimates. They
were before the committee. They are in the
volumes of the President's messages. I can find
them.
I am not disposed to detain the Senate by look-
ing over the volumes and reading them. They
are made, as my colleague states, by individuals
engaged in the War Department, and under the
direction of that Department. Now, when a Sen-
ator tells me that he has no confidence in these
officers, no confidence in me, no confidence in the
committee to which I belong, and yet wants me to
spend time in stating to him what the arguments
are, it is a kind of business in which I do not
choose to engage.
Mr. MASON. I think the honorable Senator
from Michigan [Mr., Stuart] has not exactly
appreciated the usual mode in which business is
done in the Senate, when he says that Senators
come here professing themselves ignorant on
subjects about which they ought to be informed,
and asking for information which they ought
already to have had from papers' that have been
printed and laid before the Senate. Sir, as I un-
derstand, the course of business in the Senate
formerly was, when a subject was committed to
a committee, and they made a report upon it, that
the committee collected the materials, and when
the bill came before the Senate, the committee, or
the gentleman having charge of the bill from the
committee, either by a special report accompany-
ing the bill, or by his preparation to give it orally
informed the Senate of the merits of the bill and
of the facts upon which it was based.
Now, what is the case here ? I do not know
who reported these bills, but I do know that the
honorable Senator from Michigan presents him-
self, and properly I doubt not, as the one having
the special charge of them; and what are the facts ?
We had yesterday, and iast week, and to-day,
three bills, all for the State which the honorable
Senator represents, to construct harbors on Lake
Michigan. When we asked for the information
to enable us to judge whether they were provi-
dent expenditures, we were referred to this book
showing that the estimates — (I call them esti-
mates, but the honorable Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Cass] says these are not the estimates)—or
showing what I call the estimates, merely the
results of the observations of the surveyor at
the time he made the survey, and his detailed
statement of what each specific part of the work
would cost, were made in 1850. When we say,
as we have said in debate, that that was done six
years ago, and non constat but that the waters of
these lakes may have changed in consequence of
the storms to which we are informed they are all
subject, and the shifting sands, and the constant
change of the physical geography of the border
on the shore, and therefore those estimates may
not be good now, they say there are estimates
since. But where are these estimates? The hon-
orable Senator refers me, in regard to one work,
to what he calls an estimate, and I dare say calls
it so truly, in his judgment; but it is a mere state-
ment that in 1850 itwas said the work would cost
$160,000, and that now it is proposed to expend
$20,000 of that $160,000. That, says the honor-
able Senator, is an estimate made afterwards. I
say it is not an estimate at all; it is only a prop-
osition to expend so much of the former estimate
within the fiscal year.
Now, in reference to this bill, I say, according
to the usage of the Senate, and the only usage
by which 1 can conceive that the Senate can act
with understanding on subjects of any kind,
more especially on those involving the expendi-
ture of money, when the bill comes up, we have
a right to learn from the committee reporting it
every fact that was before the committee at the
time the bill was considered by them, so that we
may form our judgment as they form theirs. It
is absolutely impossible, as every gentleman
knows, for each Senator here to make himself
acquainted with the thousands of public docu-
ments on all public subjects that come before us,
constituting portions of the public business; and
we are obliged to rely on the special information
given us at the time from the committee reporting
the bill. I should like to be informed about this
