948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
else. I propose to allow them all the privilege of
establishing their claim by parol evidence. With
these remarks I submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I do not care to discuss the
question if the vote is to be taken.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 call for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. I trust the Senate "will par-
don me for a moment, while I reply briefly to the
Senator from Georgia. My great object is to
defend what he calls the inconsistencies of the
committee. Sir, if he will apply his remark to
the inconsistencies of the law of 1855, he will
strike the truth. The object of the Committee on
Public Lands has been simply to carry out, in
good faith, the act of 1855. The Senator asks,
is not a service at Monmouth equal to a service
at King's Mountain, or at Plattsburg, or at Nick-
ojack ? Undoubtedly it is, but let us not be
deceived. The act of 1855, by its first section,
provided that a man should have performed four-
teen days' actual service, or must have been act-
ually in battle, or he could not get bounty land.
The Senate decided at the last Congress, when
they passed the act of 1855, that, although the
volunteers at Plattsburg and at King's Mountain,
and atNickojack, had not served fourteen days,
and although they had not been mustered into
the service of theUnited States, and some of them
had not been paid by the United States, they
should receive one hundred and sixty acres of
land.
The interpretation of the act at the Pension
Office was, that it did not require that the men
named in these sections should have served four-
teen days, but that the service must bo proved by
record. The Committee on Public Lands were
of the opinion that that interpretation was in-
correct, just as they have been of the opinion
that the interpretation which has been cured by
the amendment of the honorable Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Colt.ami.a] was incorrect, and
that ii limited the action of the bill of 1855; there-
fore, the Committee on Public Lands reported
these amendments to carry out precisely what
Congress in 1855 declared should be done. So
much for that part of the subject.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. The act of 1855 doubtless
intended to give bounty land to the Plattsburg
and other volunteers; but the act of 1855 did not
intend to exclude them from the operation of the
requirement, of record evidence.
Mr. STUART. That is the very point. The
Committee on Public Lands decided that it did.
Mr. IVERSON. Exactly; the Committee on
Public Lands did, but the act of 1855 did not.
Mr. STUART. They derided that the true
construction was that peisons engaged in tiie
battles named were not subject to the require-
ment of fourteen days' service, or tile limitation
of record evidence, because it was known; and
if the Senator from Georgia had occupied the
place he now does, during that discussion, he
would have seen it was admitted throughout
the debate, that there were no records in those
cases. It was stated here distinctly, and it was
known to the Senate then, as well as it is known
to-day. The Senate thought there were peculi-
arities attached to that service which induced
them, properly, to give one hundred and sixty
acres of land to every man engaged m it. The
Committee on Public Lands has not traveled
one inch beyond what the law of 1855 did.
In regard to the seventh section, which the Sen-
ator also attacks, I will say, as I stated the other
day, that provision was introduced at the instance
of the Senator from Florida, amember of the com-
mittee, forthe purpose of veachingmen who served
in the Florida war with regular soldiers, but were
never mustered into the service. It retains the
principle of the law by requiring this proof to be
made by ihe commanding officer, and that coin-
mandmgofficerto be a United States officer. There
is the whole effect of it. The effect of the Senator's
amendment is precisely what would be the effect
of the House bill. I said to the Senator that he
was in order in moving it now, but his whole ar-
gument would have been as good on the question
to strike out the House bill.
Mr. IVERSON. I will explain the reason. I
am not willing to leave the construction of that
law to the Commissioner of Pensions, because
he might still require record evidence.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will see that
could not be done, but I am not going to com-
plain of that. When Congress, by a deliberate
act, repeals the provision of the law requiring
record evidence, it would be an absurdity for the
Commissioner to require it. As I have said, this
presents the question whether Congress will re-
peal the provision requiring record evidence, and
open the door to parol proof of service as far
back as 1790?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have not participated
in this debate, and I will very frankly say that I
have understood its difficulties and its embarrass-
ments. 1 have, to a great extent, sympathized
with the action of the committee. I know it is a
very difficult matter to guard against frauds and
impositions on the Government; and I am satis-
fied that the great prompting cause of the vigi-
lance with which the substitute of the committee
has been prepared and guarded, is to accomplish
that object. I am very conscious that it is not
the design of the committee to deprive any man
who served in any of our wars of that to which
he was originally entitled. But this question is
surrounded with difficulties.
Now, why should we discriminate in favor of
particular volunteers or troops to the prejudice of
others ? As lias been so eloquently stated by the
Senator from Georgia, why should we admit
parol proof of the service of those who fought at
Nickojack and Plattsburg, and refuse it to others?
Mr. PUGH. These may be very good reasons
for striking out those propositions, but they are
not good reasons for adopting this amendment.
I wish to call my friend's attention to that point,
because it seems to me the speech of the Senator
from Georgia is an argument for striking out cer-
tain provisions; but I have not yet heard any
argument for this general admission of parol evi-
dence. I may vote with the Senator oil striking
out the clause allowingparol testimony in certain
cases.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I think I can show my
honorable friend from Ohio one case, at least,
where it does apply, and with great force. I am
not for striking out that proof, but 1 am intrinsic-
ally for carrying out the provisions of the act of
1855. What did we intend by giving bounty
land to all the troops who served m the various
wars of the country by the act of 1855? Was it
not that every individual should be entitled to
one hundred and sixty acres of land? The ques-
tion arises now, how are these facts to be estab-
lished ? According to the rules or regulations of
the Pension Office, or must we have record evi-
dence of the service ?
1 have now a case before me, and pending
before a committee of this House, strikingly ill
point, which I am not disposed to pass over, but
will bring to the notice of the Senate. I am willing
to go as far as the committee to prohibit anything
like imposition on the Government; but, in doing
that, I am unwilling to perpetrate a wrong or
inflict an injustice on an individual who is entitled
to the same rights, provided he has the identical
proof recognized by the law. I have now on my
table the petition of a gentleman calling on Con-
gress for relief. He alleges that he served m the
Indian war of 1836, and that two of the soldiers
who seived with him have received their quota
of land, and yet he cannot get his, from the fact
that his name happens not to be on the roll. He
alleges that he served the time required by law;
but, from the fact of his indisposition when the
troops were discharged, there is no evidence to
establish the fact that his name appeared on the
roll. In confirmation of what this gentleman
states, and I will not trouble the Senate by reading
it, two gentlemen of acknowledged reputation,
residing in the vicinity where I reside, assert that
they seived with him, and they certify to his
indisposition. They have received their one
hundred and sixty acres, and he has not received
one acre.
I appeal to the Senate, and ask what excuse can
be given for a case of that kind ? The committee,
and the gentlemen who have discussed this ques-
tion on the opposite side of the Chamber, say
that the bill intended to give every individual who
served a certain period in any war, one hundred
and sixty acres of land. Tiusgentleman comes
forth and establishes the fact by the most incon-
testable'testimony of the most reputable men,
that he did serve the required time, but from the
simple fact of his indisposition, he has not been
able to acquire his land.
Now, what is to be the consequence? The
great object is to protect the Treasury, and to
protect the Government from being plundered of
its land. But this Government is to bo put to
more expenditure by a system inaugurated by
acting specially on each petition, than by opening
the door to parol testimony, to allow persons to
establish service. That is but the commence-
ment of a system of legislation which will appeal
to the liberality and justice of every Senator and
member of Congress. When they have estab-
lished the fact that they had performed the ser-
vice, and would have beeii entitled to land if their
names were on the roll, Congress will not deny
them their rights.
I merely allude to that case to illustrate the
great difficulty which surrounds this question.
We say we intended to confer on every soldier,
from the revolutionary war down to the present
period, a certain amount of land; and, except in
particular cases, record proof of the service must
be produced. In the case to which I havealluded,
there is proof for which I can vouch, and about
which there can be no doubt, to establish the fact
that the service was performed; buthisname was
dropped from the rolls, and he is not able to
obtain his land. Will any Senator say—will the
gentlemen who have contested the allowance of
parol testimony say — that if these facts are
clearly established, to the satisfaction of the
Senate, that gentleman would not be entitled to
receive his land ?
The great difficulty is, that we will not do right
for fear that we may do wrong. The amendment
of the Senator from Georgia is sufficiently strin-
gent, in the hands of a faithful officer, to guard
against frauds. Those who are disposed to per-
petrate fraud on the Treasury can do it as well
by record as by parol proof. It seems to me,
under all the circumstances, that, confiding to the
discretion of the officer who controls all matters
of this kind, it will be safer to adopt the bill of
the House, or the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia, than to turn a deaf ear to the claims of
a man who can so thoroughly and fully establish
his services as the petitioner to whom I have
alluded.
I have been written to in numerous instances,
by gentlemen in whom I have the most implicit
confidence, who show that there is a considerable
class of persons excluded from the benefits of the
law, by the simple fact that in the hnrry and con-
fusion of an outbreak incident to volunteer ser-
vice, their names have not been placed on the
rolls, but whose service can be established beyond
all doubt. According to the interpretation of the
gentlemen who have opposed the amendment of
the Senator from Georgia, I think we shall incur
heavier expense in acting on various applications
on separate eases in Congress, than will be in-
curred if the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Georgia be adopted.
I concur with the committee, that there is great
difficulty in opening a question of this kind, but
we have adopted the policy, and we have de-
clared by our law, that those who perform the
service shall be entitled to these rewards. The
question now is, how shall that service be es-
tablished ? Is it to be established to the satisfac-
tion of the officers of the Government ? It is said
on one side, that if we do so we are liable to frauds
and imposition. Suppose we fail to do that? You
will find clustering on your table, for months and
years to come, the petitions of gentlemen who
say you have awarded this compensation to their
comrades, but have denied it to them. I shall,
therefore, vote forthe amendment of the Senator
from Georgia, and I trust it will receive the
sanction of the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. I am sorry to trouble the Senate
with any more remarks, but as this is an essen-
tial portion of the bill, and involves a question to
which it seems to me those who are disposed to
favor the amendment of the Senator from Georgia,
have given but little consideration, I must beg
pardon for again trespassing on the time of the
Senate. I stated, in interruption of my friend
from Alabama, that the speech of the Senator
from Georgia might afford good reasons for
