1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
049
striking out the exceptional cases to which he
alluded, but afforded no reason whatever for his
amendment. I stated yesterday that, under the
system which prevails in the army and in the
volunteer service, when volunteers have been
mustered into the army, it must be a pure acci-
dent indeed; it must be one case in a thousand,
or a greater disproportion, where a soldier's name
does not appear on some military record. Now,
my friend from Alabama thinks lie has a case,
and I have been anxious to find one. He thinks
he has a constituent here who has produced to
the Senate indisputable proof that he served four-
teen days, and yet whose name docs not appear
on the muster-roll. Does my honorable friend
know the petitioner ?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Yes, sir, I know him,
and I know bis witnesses.
Mr. PUGH. Let us see what this petitioner
says. If he is allowed to give testimony in his
own case, he makes it tolerably clcar; but he is
the only witness. He states:
" That on or about the 10th day of May, 1S36, your peti-
tioner, then and still a resident of the county of Montgom-
ery and State of Alabama, with many others formed a vol-
unteer company under Captain Justus Wyman, and joined
the regiment under the command of Colonel Shackelford,
and marched into the Creek Nation during the Indian dis-
turbances m Alabama that year, and that lie continued in
the discharge of his duty as a piivate soldier in the com-
pany of slid Wyman, until honoiably discharged at Mont-
gomery, on the 27tli of June, 1836."
He seems to have served for a very short period
according to liis own account; but he goes on to
say:
" In explanation of his name's not being found on the
rolls, tile undersigned states that when Captain Wyman's
company was mustered for pay, lie, your petitioner, was
sick in bed, and did not receive Ins pay, nor never has to
this tune, and piesumes fiom the fact that bo was not pres-
ent at the paying off of said company, is the reason why
his name does not appear on the pay-roll of said company,"
As 1 stated yesterday, the pay-roll is not the
only record.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Read the statement of
the two witnesses.
Mr. PUGH. I shall come to that; but I wish
now to take this petition,for I propose to take the
case of my friend from Alabama to illustrate my
objection to this -very amendment. I say the pay-
roll is not the only record. Where is the muster-
roll ? When these men were first called out in
array, and first received into the company, they
were mustered; where is the muster-roll?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will say to my hon-
orable friend from Ohio, that he will perceive, on
examination of the statement of the petitioner,
that these men were called into service very hur-
riedly at an unexpected outbreak of the Indians m
1836. I doubt whether any muster-rolls have
been returned to the Department in this case; but
I am not informed on that point.
Mr. PUGH. Whether returned to the Adju-
tant General's office or not, the muster-roll, if
it is m existence, can be produced. There are
many cases which have been rejected at the Pen-
sion Bureau for lack of record evidence, where
there is plenty of ltjbutitis not in the office here.
It is in the States, at home, and needs only to be
produced. The roll of a regiment is proof for a
thousand men, and when it is produced, it is
sufficient. If Senators deem it advisable to pro-
vide, by a joint resolution, that the Pension Office
should be directed to apply to the States for the
muster-rolls, the pay-rolls, or other records evi-
dencing the services of their militia, I should have
no objection to it.
Now, I return to the case which my friend from
Alabama has presented. This man says he was
sick during a large portion of his period of service.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Sick when discharged.
Mr. PUGH. He was sick on pay-day as he
says. He was not with his company. If he
had been with his company, whether sick or
well, he would have been paid. If he was at the
place where the company was, he would have
been mustered on the day of payment. Now, I
do not presume to say, but, if I were to pronounce
an opinion on this man's own statement, it would
be that he was not tlien at the place of service—
that he had been sent home as a sick man before.
Was he fourteen days in the service ? My friend
says that nicl is established by the affidavit of two
other men who weie with him. Let us see their
affidavit:
4' We, the undersigned, residents of the county of Mont-
gomery, and State of Alabama, do, upon our oaths, declare
that we were members of Captain Wyman's company of
volunteers during the Indian disturbances in Alabama in
1836, and that we have each received a land wariant for
one hundred and sixty acres of land for our services in said
company."
That is their own service. Now what do they
say of the petitioner ?
"And we further declare, that Joseph Mount, whose
name appears to the foregoing petition, was a member of
said company at that tune; and we believe, from our recol-
lection and knowledge of the man, that his statement is
true."
Do they swear that he served fourteen days?
Not at all. Now at the distance of so many years
—full twenty years after the transaction—they
swear, from their indefinite recollection, and from
their knowledge of the man, that they believe his
statement to be true. This shows the fallibility
of human testimony after the lapse of twenty
years. I have no doubt that this petitioner served.
He may have served fourteen days, but I think it
is altogether more likely that he did not; that he
was discharged for disability before the expira-
tion of that period. These two men, his com-
rades, are notable to state that he served any
particular period. They recollect that he was in
the company. _ They recollect seeing him there,
and they imagine, from his own statement, that
he served fourteen days. That is exactly the
case as presented by the petitioner himself. It is
to prevent exactly such cases that I opposed the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Being appealed to by
the honorable gentleman from Ohio, I will say
that I know the petitioner in the case to which
allusion has been made. He is an honest, worthy
mechanic, residing in the city of Montgomery,
near my own home. I know the two gentlemen
who have made the certificate winch accompanies
his petition which has been commented on by the
Senator from Ohio. My friend has indulged in
some speculations as to the man's name having
been dropped from the roll. I think the most
rational conclusion would be that, in transcribing
the record, or something of that sort, his name
has been accidentally omitted. Rut if the proof
which he has presented would not be sufficient to
show that, under the rules and regulations which
the Secretary of the Interior or the Commissioner
of Pensions may prescribe, the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia would of course exclude
him.
It is true, as stated by my friend from Ohio,
that a long time has elapsed since this service
was performed. I know that the commander of
the company is dead, and the colonel of the regi-
ment has removed to an adjoining State. For
myself I think the case of this petitioner is very
plainly and clearly made-out. His companions in
arms say that he was in the company, and the
presumption is that he served m that company
during the whole time. This, however, does not
show that imposition could be practiced on the
Government under this amendment; because, if
the proof of the party does not come up to the
rules and regulations which the proper officer
of the Government would prescribe, he would be
excluded. All I ask is that you shall allow that
class of individuals who have been excluded, and
who can establish beyond all doubt their service,
an opportunity to come forward and avail them-
selves of the rights extended to others who have
been more fortunate in having their names placed
on the roll.
Mr. PUGH. The idea that a name has slipped
off the muster-roll is inadmissible. Such a thing
cannot happen; and if Senators were familiar with
the process they would see it in a moment.
Whenever the company is mustered, which hap-
pens every two months, there are four rolls, two
for pay and two for mere muster. The pay-roll
contains everything that is on the muster-roll, and
in addition, it contains a place for the soldiers'
receipts of theirpay. The mustering officer calls
that roll in the presence of the company, and every
man who is present answers to his name. Those
who do not answer arc marked on the original
document, and then the captain of the company
is required to account for them. Where are those
men whom you say arc in the service of the
United States? One of them is in prison; one of
them is a captive with the enemy; one of them is
in the hospital; and one of them is on detached
service; they are all accounted for, and the fact is
entered on the muster-roll, and the officer com-
manding the company certifies that such is the i
fact, on his honor, which is equivalent to an oath,
for if he makes a false certificate he will be cash-
iered. The mustering officer must see that it is
true. He is put there to look after the fact, and
when he ascertains it he certifies it on each of
those four rolls.
What becomes of them? Ohe of those rolls
remains with the company in possession of the
captain or commanding officer. Another is sent
by the mustering officer to the Adjutant General's
office, and kept there. The two pay-rolls are de-
livered to the paymaster, and he keeps them, one
for himself and one to be filed in the paymaster's
office. Here are four documents compared by
two officers in the presence of the whole com-
pany. I speak of the service—the regular ser-
vice and the volunteer service—and, therefore, I
say it is all idle for Senators to talk about a man's
name having slipped off the muster-roll if he was
there, and there ever was a record.
The Senator from Alabama has made a case
here. Why, sir, if this amendment be adopted
that man would not get a warrant on this proof.
His statement maybe true; I do not deny it; 1
do not mean to call the individual's character in
question. He is certified to by my friend from
Alabama, and my friend knows that I would take
his_ certificate for anything; but I ask Senators
if, in the case of men who are notknown on papers
like this, you are going to grant bounty land cer-
tificates? Why, sir, if you do, instead of the
thirty-five millions of acres which my friend from
Michigan supposed would be taken under this
law, one hundred millions of acres will be taken.
Your law extends back to every war in which
the United States have been engaged since the
year 1790, and you arc to take uie recollections
of men during all this space of time, not as to the
mere fact of service, but the length of service. My
friend from Alabama would not trust himself to-
day to make a positive, unqualified affidavit that
any particular person was with him for a period
of two weeks twenty years ago.
Mr. IVERSON. I desire to ask the Senator
what is the difference between remembrance forty
years ago and seventy years ago. The commit-
tee propose to allow parol evidence of service at
Plattsburg, and at King's Mountain.
Mr. PUGH. I have already stated that the
Senator from Georgia may have given good rea-
sons for rejecting the clause of the substitute of
the committee, to which he has alluded; but he
has given no reason for adopting his amendment.
The question is, shall we adopt the general propo-
sition of allowing parol testimony ? I can recol-
lect that certain persons served in the course of
my short service m the Mexican war, and if ap-
pealed to I could state the fact, but I would not
undertake, even after this brief lapse of time—six
or eight years—to say how long they served", or
whether they were at a particular place. I can
tell the Senate furthermore, that since the Mexi-
can war I have been importuned to make affida-
vits of the most circumstantial character to facts
happening, sworn to by the soldier, and some-
times by many of his comrades, when I had in
my possession testimony to show that they were
wholly without foundation. They persuaded
themselves that the facts were as they stated, and
that they had incurred disability at a given time.
One man, who lives in your State, Mr. President,
sent me a formal affidavit by himself, and some
of his comrades, certified to the fact that oil a
given day he received a gun-shot wound at a cer-
tain place. I happened to recollect that the com-
pany was not under fire on that day. The man
thought so; he had received an injury in his foot,
and he persuaded himself that it"was on that oc-
casion, and his comrades thought so.
I tell the Senate at once, that the moment this
door is opened, I would much rather listen to the
proposition of the Senator from New Hampshire,
and let us give everybody one hundred anu sixty
acres. A case was stated to me by a gentleman
who represents the State of Tennessee in the
other House, where a man who acted as the sub-
stitute for another, and answered to his name on
1 the muster-roll, and served through the whole
' period of time—perhaps they were brothers—and
who had not established his claim to bounty land;
but that case, he said to me at once, was covered
under the provision of our substitute system,which
allows those who have received pensions to have
