1856.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
213
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Lake.
Ho. op Reps.
otis disaffections, arrest the imprudent orator, and
put him in a place where he would be free to med-
itate on the blessings of liberty?
" Perfectlyfree ?" So were tnose victims whom
the fabled robber Procrustes placed upon his iron
bed. They enjoyed a fret use of their legs; but,
if they were not adapted to the principles of his
legislation, he stretched them if they were too
short, and lopped them off if they were too long,
to suit the length of his law in regard to free legs.
Tantalus, also, in his fabled hell, was perfectlyfree
to eat and drink. To be sure, when he undertook
to exercise his liberty of drinking, the water re-
treated from his lips, but yet he was free to use
what he could not get. He was perfectly free to
eat of the rich clusters of grapes that hung above
him, but, when he attempted to seize them, the
wind blew them from his grasp. So with the
water of political salvation, and rich clusters of
the grapes of freedom around and over the people
of Kansas. As soon as the thirsty and hungry
for freedom attempt to eat or drink, although
perfectly free to do so, they are seized and im-
prisoned for exercising their appetites in (heir
own way.
Mr. Speaker, it is not many years since the
thunders of the people were directed against a
President and Congress of the United States for
their usurpation and arbitrary stretch of power
in causing to be enacted the memorable " sedition
law." Thomas Jefferson, the great apostle of
Democracy, and his disciples, have ever de-
nounced it as a despotic violation of the liberty
of speech and of the press. Yet, sir, that law, in
all its alleged enormities, was not comparable with
this sedition law of the Kansas Assembly. Under
that odious law of 1798, one might offer the truth
in evidence in defense: under this infamous law
of 1854, enacted and advocated by the same dis-
ciples of the same Democracy, this poor privilege
is denied; and the " head ana front of the offend-
ing '' consists in uttering the great truths of liberty.
Why, sir, if that matchless orator and match-
less man, Henry Clay, were to-day alive, and
were to stand up (as he only could stand) on the
Territory of Kansas, and utter this sentiment,
which a few years since he uttered in the Senate
Hall— [j
" I repeat tbat I never can, and never will, vote—and no
earthly power will make me vote—to spread slavery over !
territory where it does not exist"— |
—for such a sentiment that Prince among the !,
people would be made a prisoner among debased j i
felons. Were the eccentric and eloquent Ran-1!
dolph of Roanoke alive, and were he to utter in
the free Territory of Kansas these thoughts, once
proclaimed on this floor—
" Sir, I know there are gentlemen, not only from the
northern but from the southern States, who think that this
unhappy question—for such it is—of negro slavery, which
the Constitution has vainly attempted to blink by not using
the term, should never be brought into public notice, more
especially into that of Congress, and most especially here.
Sir, with every due respect for the gentlemen who think so,
I differ from them toto catla. Sir, it is a thing which cannot
be hid. It is not a dry rot, that you can cover with the
carpet until the house tumbles about your ears. Youmight
as well try to hide a volcano in full operation—it cannot be
hid—it is a cancer in your face, and must be treated tecun-
. dum artem"—
—how certain and severe would be his condem-
- nation. Why, we Black Republicans could not
begin to imitate and utter such thrilling thoughts
ana burning words, and so eminently calculated
to excite disorderly and dangerous dissections—cer-
tainly, such fanaticism would send him to the
felon's cell.
Hear the language used by Randolph of Albe-
marle, the grandson of Thomas Jefferson, in Rich-
mond, Virginia, in 1832:
' " How can an honorable man, a patriot, and a lover of
his country, bear to see this ancient Dominion, rendered
illustrious by the noble devotion and patriotism of ber sous
in the cause of liberty, converted into one grand menagerie,
where men are to be reared for market, like oxen in the
shambles ! "
There would have been no escape for him.
The "old apostle of Democracy" must have in-
doctrinated nim with some of his fanatical no-
tions. His language sounds like that uttered by
a Black Republican—only it is a little blacker than
any of us use. [Laughter.]
Hear what other fanatics of "the Old Domin-
ion" uttered on the same occasion. Mr. Rives,
of Campbell, said:
" On the multiplied and desolating evils of slavery he
was not disposed to say much. The curse and deteriorat-
ing consequence were within the observation and expert,
ence of the members of the House and the people of Vir-
ginia, and it did seem to him that there could not be two
opinions about it."
Mr. Powell said:
" I can scarcely persuade myself that there Is a solitary
gentleman in this House who will not readily admit that
slavery is an evil, and that its removal, if practicable, is a
consummation most devoutly to be wished. I have not
I heard, nor do I expect to hear, a voice raised in this Hall to
the contrary."
Mr. Preston said:
" Sir, Mr. Jefferson, whose hand drew the preamble to
the bill of rights, has eloquently remarked that we had in-
voked for ourselves the benefit of a principle which we had
denied to others. He saw, and felt that slaves, as men,
were embraced within this principle."
; Mr. Summers, of Kanawha, said:
! " But, sir, the evils of this system cannot be enumerated.
It were unnecessary to attempt it. They glare upon us at
! every step. When the owner looks to his wasted estate,
, he knows and feels them."
Mr. Chandler, of Norfolk, said:
" It is admitted by all who have addressed this House,
that slavery is a curse, and an increasing one. That it has
been destructive to the lives of our citizens history, with
unerring truth, will record. That its future increase will
create commotion, cannot be doubted."
Mr. Thomas Marshall, of Fauquier, said:
" Wherefore, then, object to slavery ? Because it is ru-
inous to the whites, retards improvement, roots out an in-
dustrious population, banishes the yeomanry, deprives the
spinner, the weaver, the smith, the shoemaker, the carpen- j
ter, of employment and support," &c. j
Mr. James McDowel, Jr., of Rockbridge, said:1
" Who, sir, that looks at this property as a legislator, and
marks its effects upon our national advance, but weeps over
it as the worst of patrimonies ? Who that looks to this un-
happy bondage of our unhappy people in the midst of our
society, and thinks of its incidents and its issues, but weeps i
over it as a curse upon him who inflicts as upon him who [
suffers ?"
Suppose the Legislature of Virginia should have
passed an act similar to that of Kansas? Is
there a noble Virginian—and they cannot be other
than noble, descended from such noble ancestors, ;
who uttered such thrilling sentiments of truth— !
who would not have exerted the energies which
God has given himforthe purpose of ejecting such
apostates from the faith of their fathers from the ,
Old Dominion ? Certainly there are none such
among the living. Vet, if the sentiments ex-
pressed by these men were uttered in Kansas, ;
they would send their unfortunate authors to the
cells of criminals. Ah, Mr. Speaker, can it be
that any man is so stultified as to presume, for one
moment, that such infamous legislation is in ac- i
cordance with the fundamental principle, the lead-
ing idea, of the Kansas-Nebraska act—that men
are to be, not free only, but perfectly free, to regu-
late their domestic institutions in their own way ?
I will not consume the time of the House with
further quotations from the sayings of the distin-
fuished dead and honored living. Everybody
nows that the language I have read was such as
was used by the noble men of our Republic in every
section of our Confederacy twenty years ago; yet,
in Kansas, this day, all those men, for the utter
ance of such sentiments, would be branded with
infamy! And, can it be that the National Legisla-
ture will tolerate men who thus tarnish the fair
fame of their fathers, and violate the spirit and
letter of our charter of rights ? Will the North
submit to it? Never. With the poet, we can
fervently say:
" Is this the land our fathers loved ?
The freedom which they fought to win !
Is this the soil they trod upon ?
Are these the graves they slumber in ?
Are we the sons by whom are borne
The mantles which the dead have wornf
And shall we crouch above their graves
With craven soul and fettered lip,
Voked in with marked and branded slaves, >
And tremble at the master's whip?
No! by their enlarging souls, which burst
The bands and fetters round tbem set;
By the free pilgrim-spirit, nursed
Within our inmost bosoms—yet
By all above, around, below, •
Be our's the indignant answer—No!"
Never will this free American people, who have !
drawn their life-blood and the essence of their
glorious institutions from the noblest men God
ever made—never can they submit to such tyranny
in this nineteenth century. Mr. Speaker, if this
organic act of the Territory was violated by the
Territorial Legislature—if that Assembly was
debauched by invasion and fraud perpetrated on
the day of the election, or by subsequent illegal
acts—what is the remedy? The remedy is ob-
vious.
What has been the uniform practice of our
Government in regard to the Territories? In
every other territorial act prior to the Kansas-
Nebraska act, there was contained the provision
j that the laws of the Territory should be submit-
i ted to Congress, and if disapproved, shall be
i declared null and void. That asserted power
; embraced the remedy. If that salutary provision
was unintentionally or designedly omitted in the
11 Kansas act,does that omission diminish the power
i i of Congress, or change the settled practice and
! law of the country? Will any one contend that
! | Congress had no power of this kind until each
territorial organic law was enacted; and that the
power was new-born with the birth of each act?
No man can stultify himself by adopting such an
, absurdity. The remedial power- yet remains
1 where the framers of the Constitution placed it—
' it is in Congress—it exists, to a certain extent, in
this House.
We cannot, by our separate action, reach the
root of this wide-spreading tree of wrong and
iniquity in Kansas; but we can lop off a branch
of that same tree, protruding into this House in
the person of General Whitfield. If we cannot
strike the axe at the root of the tree, we can with-
hold the nutritive sap, without which its vigor
will decline, and thus at least partially teach the
' wrong-doers in Kansas that the " way of the
transgressor is hard," and that justice, although
| it may linger, will yet have free course, and be
glorified in the triumph of law and order.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. WM. A. LAKE,
OP MISSISSIPPI,
In the House of Representatives,
March 18, 1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Election*
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of Kan-
sas.
Mr. LAKE said:
Mr. Speaker: I propose to occupy but a small
portion of the time of this House in the delivery
of the views which I entertain on the subjectbefore
them. I assure you, sir, and the House which
I have the honor to address, that I would not
occupy one moment of their time, if I did not
feel impelled by a strong sense of duty; for my
brief experience in congressional legislation has
impressed me with the belief that there is a much
stronger desire on the part of members to speak
than to listen. This conviction, connected with
my natural repugnance to public speaking, would
have kept me silent, if I did not deem it a duty to
speak.
In saying that I deem it my duty to speak, I
do not mean to declare that mine is a mission to
carry conviction to the minds of those to whom
I am speaking: no such thing. I do not expect
anything will fall from me in the remarks I am
about to submit that will change the opinion or
effect the action of any member; nor do I speak in
the popular language of this House to the country,
because I am quite sure that but a small portion
of that feels any interest in the views which I
entertain on this or any other subject.
I will frankly say that I speak for myself, and
for those whom I have the honor to represent,
there being no vanity in supposing that those who
sent me here.will fell some interest in the opinions
which I entertain on this grave and important
question.
I propose, Mr. Speaker, to answer the argu-
ments which have oeen made, not only by the
gentleman who immediately preceded me, but
those of gentlemen who have advocated the same
side of this question.
I am opposed, sir, to the resolution which is
now the subject of debate. I am opposed to
sending for persons, for the purpose of investi-
gating, not the " election, returns, and qualifica-
tions of the sitting Delegate from the Territory
