950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
land under this act. There might be a case of
that sort, but the Senate will see in a moment how
rare it would be; and whenever it does occur, and
is established by clear proof, we can pass a special
act to cover it, and then we shall have done our
duty.
■ I repeat, that if the Senate admit testimony by
affidavit, based on recollection of events twenty,
thirty, or forty years past, to certify to the period
of service of only fourteen days, there will prob-
ably be an amount of claims made, by persons
who never rendered any service, that will utterly
astonish my distinguished friend from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Brodhead,] who thought the orig-
inal bill was as liberal .-s it was possible to make
it.
I hope the Senate will vote down this proposi-
tion, and if there is any meritorious man whose
name is not on the muster-roll', it is a pure acci-
dent, it is an occasional case; for what I stated
a few moments since relative to mustering, is
the ordinary course of proceeding in the Army.
Probably in the days of the Revolution, and in
(some of the earlier wars before the Army was as
compactly organized as at present in all respects,
the muster-rolls might have been destroyed; but
we have provided for that. We have inserted a
section declaring that if there ever was a roll
which is now destroyed or lost, there may be
J)arol evidence of its contents. Furthermore, we
lave provided that wheiever in past time the
party has established satisfactorily his right to
a pension or his right to eighty or forty acres
under former bounty land acts, it should be a pre-
sumption in his favor.
Mr. BRODHEAD. And it required longer
service to obtain land under those acts.
Mr. PUGH. As my friend suggests, it required
longer service in those cases, therefore the dan-
gers of parol testimony were not so great. Under
those acts a man must have served three months
to be entitled to forty acres; six months for eighty
acres, and nine months for one hundred and
twenty acres. A man might well be able to testify
to so long a period of service as this, who could
not be trusted to testify to a period of nearly
fourteen days.
I think I have explained sufficiently the reason
why, whilst I oppose this amendment, I approve
the proposition, that wherever a person has estab-
lished his right to a pension, and has been re-
ceiving payment of it from year to year, it should
be prima facia evidence of his service. We have
not made it conclusive evidence; we have not
said that it shall not be impeached; we have not
said that the Commissioner shall be bound by it,
but that in all cases where it is not impeached
and where it appears fair on its face, he can
receive it as prima facia evidence and grant the
warrant upon it. We make the same provision
where bounty land has been granted by former |
acts. I
My friend from Georgia asks the reason of j
some special provisions in the substitute of the
committee. Perhaps I can explain it. He puts it to;
the Senate as a question of merit, and he wishes
to know if the merit of a man who has served
at Monmouth is not as great as the merit of a
man that served at Plattsburg? Certainly the
merit of these men is all equal. It is not a ques-
tion of merit; it is a question of evidence. In
the case of Monmouth there was a record, and we
do not need any parol evidence. The record was
either kept at the time, or will be found among
the archives of the Continental Congress, or of
the United States at the time when they first
established their system of commutation and
pensions to those soldiers. Itdoes not need parol
evidence in the case of those men; it is not pre-
tended that any of them have lost their right on
account of the requirement of record evidence.
The revolutionary soldier does not want parol
evidence. It will do him no good. He cannot
find his witnesses; he must go by the record, and
he has no other chance.
Why do we admit parol evidence in the case of
the battle of King's Mountain, the battle of Nick-
ojack, the attack on Lewistown, and the invasion
of Plattsburg ? Not that they are more merito-
rious, but that they are peculiar cases. What
were they ? I will take the first in point of time,
the battle of King's Mountain. The troops en-
gaged in that battle were not called out by the
Continental Congress; they were not even called [
out by any State authority; they were never reg-
ularly mustered; they had no muster-rolls; they
had no record. They were the people of the
country assembling together of their own motion
to disperse and destroy the tories who infested
that region. It was an uprising of the people; it
was probably as brilliant an achievement as can
be found in the history of the revolutionary war,
but was of such an exceptional character that the
moment you require record evidence of the service
rou shut out the volunteers at King's Mountain.
do not say that their service was more merito-
rious than that of the men who fought at Mon-
mouth, but at Monmouth there was a record. 1
stated yesterday that there had not been thus far
a single application for a land warrant by any
person who served at King's Mountain; at least,
the Commissioner has no recollection of one.
Now, I come to the case of the battle against
the savages at Nickojack; and what was that?
It was, I believe, before the territorial government
was established south of the river Ohio; at all
events, it was before the State of Tennessee was
formed. I think it was while the people pre-
tended to have the State of Franklin; and they
and a few individuals on the extreme western bor-
der of what was then the State of North Caro-
lina, fought against the confederated array of sav-
ages. They had no record; in the nature of the
case they could have none; and if you do not
admit parol evidence as to them we exclude them
altogether. I doubt whether there has been a
single application from one engaged in that ser-
vice for bounty land. I presume the parties are
all dead.
We come next to the case of Plattsburg, and
that has afforded the Senator from Georgia his
chief argument. I stated, yesterday, that I was
opposed^ in committee, to the admission of parol
evidence in the case of the Plattsburg volunteers.
In that respect I was in a minority. It is the only
proposition in the substitute of the committee to
which Idid not fully assent; but I can well see the
reasons which influenced the minds of the other
gentlemen on the committee. That was a sudden
emeigency. The Governor of the State having re-
fused to call out the militia, they went on their own
responsibility as individuals, and if they had any
records at all, they must have been more or less
imperfect. At all events, the act of 1855 made
this distinction, for whereas, it required in all
other cases that the soldier should cither have
been in battle, or have served for fourteen days,
it allowed these men the benefit of bounty land
without any of those restrictions. Whether it
was right or wrong, for Congress to do this, it is
not for me to say. They did it, and the duty of
the committee was to execute the statute as they
found it, and not to go beyond it.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the Senator will permit
me, I will say a few words in confirmation of
what he has said in regard to the battle of Platts-
burg, for I was there myself.
Mr. PUGH. I understood from the Commis-
sioner of Pensions that the Senator was there.
Mr. COLLAMER. I would merely state, in
confirmation of what the Senator from Ohio has
said, that we assembled, organized ourselves,
chose our own officers, and, in the course of the
night, arms were furnished. We had no time to
take a roll of one of those companies.
Mr. PUGH. I can well suppose, as my friend
from Vermont states, how it can have happened
in that case. There was a regiment of the Ver-
mont militia who had been accepted into the
service of the United States and handed aver to
the officer commanding the forces of the United
States. That regiment marched out of the State
under the orders of the United States officer into
the State of New York, and that regiment was in
the battle of Plattsburg. As stated by the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] at the last Con-
gress, the Governor of the State issued a proc-
lamation to them to return within the limits of
the State, and the answer of that regiment to the
Governor, refusing to obey, is one of the most
manly and patriotic documents that can be found
in the archives of the Republic. These men not
waiting for the orders of their State authorities,
rallying in their own towns, hastily formed, and
started in this great emergency of an invasion of
British forces from Canada into the adjacent
State of New York. They started off in this
tumultuous manner, and I can well see how these
men may not have waited to have any record
formed.
In the other wars, in the case of those men who
were called out by requisition—in the case of those
who profess to have gone by the orders of the
State authorities or the authorities of the General
Government, there is no such necessity for ad-
mitting parol evidence. I repeat I do not put it
on the ground of merit; for, although I think that
the volunteers who served at Plattsburg evinced
a degree of patriotism equal to that which is to be
found in the most brilliant achievements of our
history, I do not deny that there are others equally
meritorious. The simple question is, whether
you will require of them what they cannot pro-
duce, but what the others can produce ?
I come now to the proviso in the seventh sec-
tion, which provides for persons who have served
as volunteers with the armed forces, subject to
military orders for the space of fourteen days.
The Senator from Florida, who is a member of
the Committee on Public Lands, [Mr. Mallory,]
stated to the committee that, of his own knowl-
edge, there were many cases of individuals and of
companies, perhaps, some of them from the State
of Georgia, who, without ever having been mus-
tered into the service, marched to the encampment
during the Florida war, and served there under
the order of some officer of the United States as
commander of the encampment or of the army in
the field. The section as it stands does not re-
quire that they shall have served under a regular
officer of the Army; it is sufficient if he were a
volunteer officer. In some cases, we understood
that the men served six months and furnished
their own horses and provisions, but were never
paid. The committee agreed that these men were
fairly entitled to bounty land; but inasmuch as,
if you require a muster-roll from them, they could
not produce it, you must either allow parol evi-
dence in their case, or cut them off from bounty
land altogether.
Now, I say to my friend from Georgia, that if
he will show me another case of service like this
actually rendered, where record evidence is im-
possible to be obtained, I will go with him, for
including that case in this bill, or in a supple-
mental bill. I do not object to meritorious cases,
but I object to a general rule so sweeping that it
will admit every impostor, will admit men like
those mentioned by the Senator from Tennessee,
who solemnly claim in the face of the Senate,
that they wore mustered into the service in good
health, and fell upon some incurable disease and
were discharged from service in less than two
weeks—a statement preposterous on its face. If
any man had a disease as sudden as that, it either
carried him off within that period, or he recovered.
The disability could hardly be ascertained in that
period of time. The man was not sound when
he was mustered, or he was sound at the end of
it.
I do not objcct to this amendment because I
wish to exclude any man who is meritorious from
the benefits of the bill, but I protest against allow-
ing every man to come in, and, on affidavits ex
parte, at the distance of so many years, to get
the benefit of that which we intended to reserve
for those who really rendered meritorious sevice.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Several Senators. Let us take the question.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
Mr. Iverson's amendment, resulted—yeas 20,
nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Bigg's, Brown, Butler, Crittenden, Douglas, Pish,
Fitzpatnck, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Iverson, Seward, Sum-
ner, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Weller, and Wilson—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Brod-
head, Collamer, Dodge, Evans, Foot, Houston, Hunter,
Mason, Pugh, Sebastian, Shdell, Stuart, and Wright—17.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to offer an amendment,
which I think will not give rise to any debate, to
strike out the words, " properly granted," in the
proviso to the first section, and insert, " obtained
by fraud."
Mr. FOOT. Will the Senator allow me to
propose to strike out the portions rendered ne-
cessary to be stricken out by the amendment
which has just been adopted? After the vote
which has just been taken it becomes necessary
