mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 29.
by. facts, and not by declamation; and a measure
to appropriate money to improve a harbor, was
not sought to be met by a iona; discussion on a
.grant of land for the Illinois Central railroad,
which grant the officers of your Government have
shown you years ago—the Senator can read it if
'he chooses—has put millions of dollars into the
Treasury of the.United States, which would not
have gone there without that grant.
Mr. MASON. How many millions into the
hands of individuals ?
Mr. STUART:. No doubt it was a beneficial
thing to them, but I have yet to learn that the
■ Government of the United States is to refrain
from benefiting itself because incidentally it
benefits individuals. This is enough on that
point; I cannot be drawn into the argument of
that subject.
Here is the estimate made and submitted by
Captain Canfield for this work, and the whole
amount of the estimate is $10,070 45. E'ive thou-
sand dollars were appropriated before, a portion
of which was consumed in making a survey; four
Jljousand seven hundred dollars yet remained;
and the committee were of opinion that it was
safe to say that, by taking ten thousand dollars
now, and placing it upon the principles of a con-
tract, a complete harbor could be made there.
Here, is the statement of the estimate:
" U contemplates tlie deepening of the entrance to nine
feet for a wirttli of one hundred leetwuhm .i elose-pd un
0>r the sides of the cut, one hundred and forty feet ujmrt;
the whole length of I lie cut and piling being two thousand
four hundred feet."
It ought to be satisfactory, I apprehend, when
the representative of the committee rises here and
says such an estimate exists, and it has been
made by such an officer as Captam Canfield, of
the topographical corps of engineers. I think
it is but respectful to suppose that the statement
is true. The member of the committee who
makes it, makes it on hisown responsibility, and
on the responsibility of the committee. I do not
think we should be required to read the book m
order to satisfy the criticisms of Senators. We
have investigated this subject, and we state the
facts to the Senate. The character and import-
ance of this work are stated. It is the only har-
bor on Lake St. Clair, and it is necessary, as we
think. We do not propose to set up our opinion
against the opinion of the Senate. We report
respectfully to the Senate that, in our opinion, this
harbor is necessary, not to build up a town, but
for the protection of the commerce of those lakes;
and the vessels of the United States making their
trips between the custom-house at Detroit, and
the custom-house at Mackinaw, have to pass this
very boisterous point. We think the improve-
ment should be made. The Senate may think
otherwise; and if they do, they will undoubtedly
say so.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, t am opposed,
on constitutional grounds, to all these appropria-
tions; yet, if they are to be made, I think it is
but right and proper, and I consider it a duty
"which I owe to my constituents, as ihoy pay their
full proportion of the taxes, that they should have
their proportion of the distribution of the public
funds. Although, if the amendment which I pro-
pose be adopted, I cannot vote for the bill, I foci
it my duty to propose an amendment, i do so,
not with a view to derange the order of business
of the committee. I know that the presentation
of separate bills was intended to obviate the diffi-
culties indicated by the veto of the President of
the United States, at a former session; but the
vetoes of this session have shown that that
attempt has been a failure; it has not obviated his
difficulties; and, so far as vetoes are concerned,
you might as well now embrace them all, or any
number of them, or any class of them, m one bill",
as to have them m separate bills. I therefore
propose to amend, after the word " Michigan,"
by inserting:
And $100,000 for the improvement of the Tombicbee
ziver, in the States of Alabama and Mississippi.
I have no estimate for this river. I ask for
Ron®* The facts, however, are known to both
the senators from Alabama, and to my colleague,
and perhaps to other Senators. The Tombig-
bee is a river navigable for steamboats five hun-
dred miles, passing through two States. We
T HI? i* r'ver> * think, about two hundred
and iiny thousand bales of cotton annually,
worth, at forty dollars a bale, #10,000,000. Our
goods are returned by steamboats, up the same 1
river, to at least one half that amount m value,
making the commerce of that river not less than
Svl5,G0u,000; but not one dollar from the public
Treasury has ever been expended on it to my
knowledge.
I presume that the harbor now under consider-
ation has not a commerce equal to one fifth
part of this. Its trade has not been stated. For
a point where an- appropriation of a larger sum
was proposed, it was stated that.tho commerce
was a million of dollars. The truth of my
statement as to the Tombigbee is well known to
the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Fhzpatrick.]
An appropriation of this sort would be vastly
valuable. It is a small, narrow stream, but one
of the best streams for navigation in the world,
for its length. Trees are hanging over it, and
by cutting them out, and removing slight obstruc-
tions, which can probably be done for $100,000,
it will be placed in a good condition, and be
worth as much, I venture to say, to the commerce
of the country, as any appropriation for the
same amount, in all these bills that have been
passed or proposed. I therefore offer this
amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think it very important to
the business of the Senate and the country, that
we should understand the question which has
been raised as to the duties of the committees.
On that point 1 differ totally from the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.} He seems to
complain that a Senator should rise here and ask
for information, when he is ignorant of those
facts which are neccssary to be known in order
to form a correct judgment on the measure pre-
sented for his consideration. 1 presume that
Senator is the only member in this Chamber who
will not admit that he needs the benefit of the
standing committees where there are anv facts
dehors the record to form a correct judgment in
his legislative capacity. From the day the Sen-
ate first met, until this hour, they have had stand-
ing committees for the purpose, of gathering facts
and investigating principles. Nobody but the
Senator from Michigan, 1 presume, would pro-
fess to understand by his own investigations all
the facts and all the principles necessary to form
his judgment without the aid of the standing
committees.
Mr. STUART. I have not indicated any such
thing.
Mr. TOOMBS. I supposed from the Senator's
complaint that that was involved m it.
Mr. STUART. Not at all. The Senator mis-
apprehended me entirely. I made no complaint.
I simply asserted that, when the committee came
here, stated the facts, and gave the estimates,and
ali the data upon which the measure was based,
Senators in discussing the subject repudiated the
whole, and said they had no confidence m what
we had done-
Mr. TOOMBS. The committee have not done
that thing. They have simply reported these
bills. 1 have seen, within the last twenty-four
hours, bills introduced by unanimous consent,
read twice, referred to the committee, brought
back the next morning, and placed on the Calen-
dar, with an oral recommendation that they pass.
That is all the committee have done. What are
the facts of each case, what is the importanee of
the work, what is the commerce of the place,
what would make the appropriation proper, even
for those who admit the power to make these
improvements, they have not deigned to inform
us m a single case. The Senator talks about the
information which has been given us. I will
make this proposition to him; if he will give me
the votes that cannot call the places when the
yeas and nays are taken, he may have the rest,
and I will beat him on every bill that is reported
here. I have no doubt the same remark will
apply to the committee, to a large extent, as to
some of these localities. I am sure of it, from the
unsuccessful attempts which we have made to get
information from them. When we call for in-
formation on a question of this kind, we are told
to go back to the reports of the Departments in
1853, and there we shall find some estimates. Is
that the proper mode of doing the business of the
committeer I put it to every Senator here, is
that the proper and fair mode of doing the busi-
ness of the committee ?
Mr. STUART. I did not do that. Itookup
the book in my hand; I said, here are estimates
made by the Department in 1853; they are so and
so; and the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay]
took the book out of my hand and began to make
a speech on it. I have been prepared in every
case presented by mc from the committee, and I
will say to my honorable friend, that I shall be
prepared hereafter to answer him any question
that is necessary to show the basis on which we
have acted. I say again, that I do not assume
for the Committee on Commerce, or for myself,
any such authority as the Senator supposes. I
simply report the facts, that the Senate may pass
on them.
Mr. TOOMBS. I endeavor to do my part of
duty in this matter. If you refer to a committee
of which 1 am a member, as is sometimes done,
a private claim of one hundred dollars, it is my
business to examine the affidavits, to get at the
truth of the statements, to investigate the princi-
ple, and usually J put the results of my examina-
tion in the shape of a report, to give my fellow
Senators the benefit of my information. I expect
other committees to do the same thing. If they do
it not, they do not perform their duty. I have no
hesitation in saying that of any'committee here.
The country has a right to expect—I have a right
to expect, as a Senator, this information. I have
made it a duty to which I have strictly attended
since I have been a member of either branch of
Congress, to give to every subject referred to
committees of which I am a member my personal
examination, to look at the facts, and to state
them to the best of my ability. I do not say,
when any question arises dehors the record, " go
look at the public documents." On the same
principle the Committee on Naval AfFaiis, when
they report a measure, may tell us to look into
the reports of the Navy Department; and so the
Committee on Military Affairs may tell us to
look into the quartermaster's report. On the same
principle, if we were to inquire into the three
hiutdu-d or four hundred items of the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill, the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Hunter] might say to us, " go to
my~committee room and the clerk will show you
the estimates." That is not the way to do the
business of a committee. The Committee on
Commerce have presented to the Senate with these
bills nothing by which I can get any more inform-
ation than if they had never acted. If they had
not presented these bills I could have looked
through the records if 1 had chosen to do so.
I do not think it is fair to the country; and I be-
lieve it is liable to great abuse to fill up the com-
mittees from which these bills conic with gentle-
men whose sections of the country are deeply
interested in the improvements. I consider this
wrong. I do not think it ought to be done, be-
cause we know that in such cases the interests
of gentlemen, their natural attachments to their
constituents, would incline them to yield too much.
They might even be interested, and we know
that,
<c If self the wavering balance shake,
It's rarely light adjusted.
We know the liberality with which this com-
mittee have acted; and when they are acting for
the benefit of their own sections and States, it is
certainly not impossible that their attachment to
their beloved constituents may have made them
unjust to the whole country. What is the basis
on which these estimates are made?
Mr. STUART. Who is responsible for the
organization of the committee, let me ask?
Mr. TOOMBS. I am a very plain man, and
if I were to go into this matter and tell exactly
how it is done, gentlemen would say I was per-
sonal, that I was very rude and rough. I know
how committees are formed, and it is one of the
greatest abuses in the Senate.
Mr. STUART. So far as I am concerned, let
it come out or not, as the Senator chooses; but 1
want to ask if the committees of the Senate are
not elected by the Senate?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; but does not every
Senator know how they are elected ? Are not
lists brought here from party caucuses ?
Mr. STUART. Is it not the fact that they
are elected by the Senate ?
Mr. TOOjS/IBS. It is a sham election.
Mr. STUART. Possibly the Senator's own
election may be a sham; but it is none the less an
election.
