224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12.
order. Call the roll, and if gentlemen wish to
speak, they can do so by the courtesy of the
House. ,
Mr. BOYOE. I move that we now near the
other candidates.
Mr. M1LLSON. If necessary to bring toe
matter regularly before the House, I will niove
to amend the ten-minute rule, by striking out ten
and substituting twelve minutes.
The CLERK. Such a motion would bring the
matter properly before the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not under-
stand the resolution adopted yesterday by this
House as being an order that each candidate for
the speakership shall answer ihe interrogatories.
If the other candidates of the respective parties
are in the House, and desire or are willing to
answer, I presume the House will hear them.
But if they are unwilling to answer, it is not
within the province of the House to call on them
for a response. I understand that the two other
candidates for Speaker—the Know Nothing or
American candidate, and the Republican candi-
date—were both furnished with copies of the in-
terrogatories propounded by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr, Zoixicoffer] to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.] .Now, if they
are ready to respond, 1 presume the House will
hear them; but if they prefer not to answer, there
is no power here to coerce them.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move now that the
questions propounded by the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] some time since, be
produced, and that the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] be requested to answer
them.
Several Members. Oh, no! and cries of "Or-
der!"
Mr. BARKSDALE. Well, I move that he
be invited to answer. [Cries of dissent, and con-
fusion.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would sug-
fest that none of the other candidates answer,
t is not fair to Call upon them to answer until
the gentleman fr«m Illinois has answered all the
questions which have been propounded to him.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bikgiiam] has
propounded several questions which he has not
answered. [Cries of "Order!"]
Mr. LETCHER. 1 am very glad the gentle-
man from Miune has become in favor of candi-
dates answering questions. I thought, yester-
day, lie was opposed to all answering. [Cries
of " Order!" and confusion.]
Mr. BARKfcsDALE. I am entitled to the
floor.
The CLERK. It is impossible to proceed, un-
less gentlemen take their seats and preserve or-
der.
Mr. McMULLIN", I am entitled to the floor.
[Cries of " Order!" antd confusion.]
The CLERK. The Clerk again appeals to
gentlemen to take their seats and preserve order.
He did recognize the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. McMui.i.in.] supposing the gentleman from
Mississippi had taken ins seat.
Mr. 1-iARK.fcSDALE. No, sir; I did not yield
the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. I unders'ood the gentle-
man from Mississippi to take his seat, and I rose
and addressed the. Clerk, and was recognized by
him. I insist that I am entitled to the iloor.
Mr. BANKS rose.
Mr. K.EITT. i would suggest to the gentle-
man from Virginia, and the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, ill at both of them yield the floor, and
allow the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
B'.xivh] to speak. 1 understand ho is ready to
respond to the interrogatories put by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Zotxicoffes.]
Mr. AIcMULLIN. I think I am clearly en-
titled to the iloor, but 1 will give way in favor of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, if he desires
to address the House.
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish to take the floor
from the gentleman from Virginia, or any one,
for that purpose.
Mr. McMULLIN. I understand that the same
questions that have been answered by the gen-
tleman from Illinois have been furnished to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and also to the
g«ntlenian from Pennsylvania;and that those gen-
tlemen are ready to answer. I yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Clerk, I voted for the res-
olution presented by the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Zollicoffer] yesterday
with pleasure. It embodies a principle which I
think sound. As understood by me, when re-
ported at the Clerk's desk, it was nothing more
nor less than simply this: that any gentleman
who votes for a candidate for any office ought to
know the opinions of that candidate. I recognizc
the right of every gentleman in this House who
has been voting for Speaker during this protracted
contest, to ascertain the opinions of any man for
whom he casts his vote. Sir, I should claim it
as my right to know the opinions of my candi-
date to such an extent as should be satisfactory
to myself, at least.
But, sir, as a member of the House, I have
other rights. I offer myself as a candidate for no
office; i solicit no man's suffrage; and I am not,
therefore, called upon as a candidate to solve such
difficulties as gentlemen supporting other per-
sons may And in the existing condition of public
affairs. Those who have honored me by their
confidence and votes are themselves responsible
for the course tliey have chosen, and, I doubt
not, they are able to meet that responsibility. It
is not for me to provide for their defense. I can
only say, as Othello said of his wife, they " had
eyes, ana chose me."
I have convictions—convictions of duty, con-
victions of principle—upon the great matters in
which the country is interested; and, as a mem-
ber of the House, representing a district in the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, I have no hesi-
tation in responding to any of the inquiries pro-
pounded by the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee to the honorable gentleman from Illinois.
1 ask the Clerk to read the first quesion.
>; The Clerk read as follows:
* " Am I ri lit in rappo-wis tliat the eontlcmnn fiom lili-
lioH ii-- tlic K.uir v. k i. bill a- piumotive of the
form:i*ion of ltee titanv in the T'.'irituu.'S of avid
Neh! a--ka:''
Mr. BANKS. It will be understood, of course,
that the phraseology of this inquiry applies rather
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richard-
son | than to myself. I answer, distinctly, that
I do not regard "the Kansas-Nebraska bill as pio-
molive of the furmaticm of tree States, inasmuch
as it repeals the prohibition of the institution of
shivery over the seeiion of country to which that
statute applies. I ihmk it does not tend to the
formation of free States. Teat is my answer.
i The Clerk read as follov. s:
N " Am 1 i eei! in flip;' he advoeat"* the constitution-
aim- (I| tin; W'llrrr th.lt la JtM ll" Ojipiweil iH
iiiijJia.iMiii to tli.' t-'ii.K>.-!• ■< a nan>'.! from Mexico, only
iipixi tlic pound that it was   - vy. inasmuch as the
Mexican toea! laws ui lliine teriitone-i ah'eadv abolished
..I.ivety—which ouii'll 10 tie :;!iill'1 ■''!it tut alt Free-Holt
men ; and that ho committed lutu^cH' to the po.-ition, thai
if temtoiial lulls (silent upon the mbject of slavery, and
leaving the Mexican law to epeiatc) weie defeated, lie
would vote for lulls with the Wilmot provi.-o m 1110111?''
Mr. BANKS. 1 could give a general answer
ni the affirmative to that interrogatory. I believe
in the constitutionality of that act which is known
and generally understood as the Wilmot proviso.
I believe that it i< within the power of Congress
to prohibit the institution of slavery in a Territory
belonging to theUnited Stales. Whether I would
advocate the passage of such an act in regard to
a territory where it was clearly unnecessary,
where by local, preesist.ia' laws it had been
prohibited, or, m other words, whether I would
advocate a double inhibition, 1 have only to say,
that, if a doubi existed as to its exclusion by valid
municipal lave, I should sustain an act which em-
bodied the prohibition known as the "Wilmot or
Jefferson proviso. In regard to the measures of
350, I can only say, that, being called upon here
..r elsewhere, I should have voted for the prohib-
ition in the territories covered by those measures,
if I had entertained a doubt as to the exclusion
of slavery by existing municipal law. That is
my answer.
'The Clerk read as follows:
x" Ami right m nipijosins that lus theory iy. that the Con-
slitulion of the United States does not eauy riavery to,
and piotect it 111, the Tenitories of the United States?"
Mr. BANKS. I do not believe tha* the Consti-
tution of the United States carries the institution
of slavery to the Territories of the United States.
My understanding is based 011 the declaration of
Mr. Webster, that even the Constitution of the
United States itself does not go to the Territories
until it is earned there by an act of Congress.
Standing on the principle of the English law
governing the same interests, I do not believe
that the Constitution of the United States carries
to any Territory of the United States any right
to hold slaves there.
In order, sir, that my answer should be full
and satisfactory, I ought, perhaps, to put the
negative of the proposition of the distinguished
gentleman who leads the Government party on
this floor, and in this crisis. I recognize the right,
sir, to protection of property on the part of the
South, as well as on the part of the North, in the
Territories of the United States; and when 1 speak
of property I mean that which is considered
property by universal law; I do not mean that
which is property only because it is held as such
under the laws of a particular State, and which
loses its character of property so soon as it extends
beyond tho limits of that State, except under cer-
tain reservations covered by the Constitution of
the United States. When 1 speak of property, I
do not refer to that species. I describe that which
is recognized as property by universal laws of
men, and not that which is property only when
it is made such by local laws of limited sections
of the country. I have 110 disposition to disturb
its existence—no purpose to diminish or increase
it there. I will acknowledge all its rights there,
accepting for that purpose the charts established
by southern statesmen; but I deny that it is such
property as, independent of local law or congres-
sional enactment, is protected by the Constitution
in the Territories of the United States.
I have nothing further to say 011 this very nice
and delicate question. 1 believe that the Constitu-
tion of the United States was intended to dojustice
to all sections of the country—to the South equally
with the North. I am for that to -day; and I adopt
the language of my friend, [Mr. Richardson,]
who has always treated mo with distinguished
courtesy in all discussions on this subject, that
wo should do justice to the South as well as to
the North. In 110 speech or declaration that has
fallen from my hps, so far as I can remember it,
have I ever expressed a different sentiment; but,
sir, I cannot shut out from my memory the great
fact that the Constitution of the United States is
an instrument of freedom, contemplated as such
by its framers, and interpreted as such by all men
of the South and the North until within the last
few years. It is a chart of freedom, established
to secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and
our posterity, giving liberty to the States to do
what thep shall think to be proper within their
own localities, under such circumstances as to
them shall seem to be right and just, but claim-
ing no right and conceding no right to them to
carry their own peculiar institutions beyond the
limitations conferred by the doctrine of the sover-
eignty of States.
No, sir! The Constitution of the United States
is an instrument, not of immediate, but of ultimate
and universal freedom. It was so contemplated
by the great, men who framed it; and the world
has so regarded it. The national flat;, that is its
symbol, that makes the land over which it floats,
in whatever quarter of the globe, so long as it
covers an American citizen, American territory,
is the banner of ultimate and universal liberty—
its white and red folds symbols of Revolution-
ary trials, of tho crests of victory, and the blood
of sacrifice. May its starry union forever stand
as lustrous and imperishable as the golden fires
of God's firmament! [Great applause ] That is
my answer to thot question.
"The Clerk read as follows:
" That in the teriitOiyaeijuii''id from Mexico and France
(including Kansas and Nebra-'ka) the .Mi^oun restriction
w.ift ncce<.-ary to make the ten itory ftcc. because slavery
existed there under Franco at the lime of the aecfim-Uion,
but that the Kansas and Nebraska bill, which repeal? that
restriction, but neither legislates slavery into those Tcinto-
nos nor excludes it thtneirom, m hi? opinion, leaves those
TcintOiics without either local or constitutional H \v pro-
tAcfnur slavery; and that therefore the Kansas and iSebia&Ka
hill priunotos'the foimalion of slave States in Kansas and
Nebia^ka?"
Mr. BANKS. I did not see that question,
Mr. Clerk, until it was brought to me by a page
from the desk. It is but a repetition of the first
interrogatory, with the addition of a statement of
fact. In regard to that statement, I will say that
it is doubted whether the institution of slavery
existed in these Territories tit the time they
were acquired. Without g'oing into the question
