1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
34th Cong....! st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Lake.
Ho. of Reps.
before me {Contested Elections) is full of prece-
dents. We are following the beaten track, both
of this and the English Government, and there is
no dearth of authorities and sign-boards to show
us that we are on the great highway. But those
gentlemen who seek to draw us away from this
course, may well be asked to exhibit some prece-
dent or sign that we shall be right in following
them.
But, Mr. Speaker, some of the gentlemen on
the other side did take up the glove thrown down
to them by the distinguished champion from
Georgia, and have endeavored to make good their
acceptance. The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
{Mr. Kcnkel,] and the venerable chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, as well as the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Barbour,] have all un-
dertaken to meet this bold defiance by the intro-
duction of authorities, in the shape of precedents,
to sustain their course. Their failure is an ad-
ditional argument against them, and is "confirm-
ation strong as Holy Writ" of the position as-
sumed by those who advocate this side of the
question. I will examine these authorities before
I finish.
Now, sir, I hold that the Kansas Legislature,
like all other legislative assemblies that emanate
directly from the people, was, from necessity, re-
quired'to j udge of the elections, returns, and qualifi-
cations of its own members. All must admit that,
in popular representative governments, this is a
preliminary question to that of legislation. Who
are appointed to legislate must be decided before
the legislation can commence. It is not a certain
number of citizens who are authorized to legis-
late, but a certain number of representatives of
the people. Who are, and who are not, repre-
sentatives must, therefore, be ascertained, before
the business of legislation commences. Only
those whom the people hare appointed and clothed
with authority can rightfully legislate for a State.
All will admit that the question must be decided,
and that the decision ought to precede legislation.
Now, who is to decide this question? I hold
that it is an inherent right in the Legislature
itself. I do not assert that Congress could not
have placed this power in some other body or
tribunal; but not having done so, I think it be-
longs to each branch of the Legislature to decide
for itself.
It is an incident to the power of legislation.
When Congress authorized the people of Kansas
to elect a Legislature and make laws for them-
selves, they conferred incidentally upon that
Legislature the right of judging of the elections,
returns', and qualifications of its own members.
The grant of power to legislate carried with it all the
incidents anu means necessary to render effectual
the power granted. The right to protect them-
selves from intruders and usurpers—the means
of ascertaining who had the people's credentials—
who had been elected by them—were necessary
incidents to the great right of legislation, and in-
dispensable to its exercise. By way of illustration,
I will point to the clause in the Constitution, which
says:
" When vacancies happen in the representation of any
State, the executive authority thereof shall issue writs of
election to fill such vacancy."
The authority hereby conferred on the Gov-
ernors of the States carries with it the authority
to appoint the time, places, and manner of hold-
ing an election to fill the vacancy, as fully and
completely, and to the same extent, as that power
is conferred on the Legislatures of the States, by
the fourth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution.
The whole doctrine of contempts in courts of
justice is another illustration of the principle I
nave stated. A court fines and imprisons for con-
tempt, without having the power expressly con-
ferred upon it; but the power is conceded to belong
to it as an incident necessary to the execution of
the great powers intrusted to its administration.
These examples establish the principle here con-
tended^or—that the grant of a power carries with
it all the means and appliances necessary to carry
into effect the power granted.
It is true, sir, that the Constitution confers on
each House of Congress the right to decide upon
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
jl members; but I have no doubt that each would
1 have possessed this right, ev«n if the Constitution
! had been silent on the subject. The House of
: Commons, in England, has always exercised
the same right; and yet there is no Constitution
' there to confer it, and no act of Parliament has
i conferred it. It seems to me, sir, that unless the
Kansas and Nebraska bill has vested this power
j; —so indispensable to the right of legislation—
I! somewhere else, it may be safely assumed to
j j belong to each branch of the Legislature as an
! ] inherent right.
In corroboration of the views which I have here
presented, I will call to the recollection of the
House the remark made by my friend from
Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] in the very eloquent
speech with which he delighted all hearers a few
( days ago on this subject. He represented the
Supreme Court as having decided that the ques-
tion which I am now discussing can never arise
in a court, because the duty of courts commences
where legislation ends. The organization of the
Legislature must be conceded before the power
of the courts can be called into exercise. 1 have
not read the decision, but will suppose it to be a
sound political theory. How important is it, there-
fore, to concede this power in the Legislature, as
the question cannot be made in the courts!
But, Mr. Speaker, I am constrained to dissent
from my friend [Mr. Davis] in the opinion ex-
pressed by him, that the act organizing the Ter-
ritory of Kansas conferred the power of judging
of the elections, returns, and qualifications of the
members of the Legislature upon the Governor.
He says, this power is vested in the Governor by
the twenty-second section, which declares, that
" the persons having the highest number of legal
votes in each of said council districts for mem-
bers of the Council shall be declared by the Gov-
ernor to be duly elected to the Council; and the
persons having the highest number of legal votes
for the House of Representatives shall be de-
clared by the Governor to be duly elected mem-
bers of said House." By this section, Congress
directed the Governor to have the first election
held at such time, places, and in such manner as
he might direct; lay off the districts; apportion
the representation;appoint the judges; and finally
declare the persons elected who had the highest
number of votes.
The returns of the officers holding the election
were evidently designed to be made to the Gov-
ernor, there being in fact at that time no other
Eublic functionary to whom they could properly
e made. But I cannot think that the language
quoted from the act ever was intended to confer
upon him the power in question, especially when
we recollect that it is a power always exercised
by the Legislatures of the States, and never, in a
single instance, that I am aware of, exercised by
a Governor. Throughout the whole organic act,
the intention of Congress to make the same divis-
ions of power that have obtained in the State
governments, is most manifest. This power, if
conferred on the Governor, as is supposed, was
a remarkable departure from the usages in the
States, and without any reason for its exercise by
the Governor, at the first assemblage of the Legis-
lature, that would not apply with equal force to
all subsequent meetings of that body. The elec-
tion returns all being made to him, it is not won-
derful that he should have been authorized to
issue certificates of election to such persons as
appeared to have the highest number of votes, and
which would be presumptive evidence of an elec-
tion. But, sir, 1 think the organic act itself con-
tains the strongest argument against the idea that
this power was conferred upon the Governor by
the language which has been quoted from the
twenty-second section.
The thirty-second section of the Kansas and
Nebraska, act provides for the election of a Dele-
gate to this body, and contains the following
clause:
"The person having the greatest number of votes shall be
declared by the Governor to be duly elected, 4hd a certifi-
cate thereof shall be given accordingly."
The language last quoted is almost identical
with that cited above to show the Governor's
power to declare members of the Council and of
the House duly elected. The language is not
only the same in the quotations, but is used in
reference to kindred subjects, and must have the
same meaning attached to them. If Congress
intended that the Governor should have the power
to judge of, and determine, the elections, returns,
and qualifications of the members of the Council
and the House of Representatives, it is most cer-
tain that they intended to confer on him the same
power in reference to the election of Delegate to
this body. But Congress could not confer upon
the Governor of Kansas the power over the elec-
tion of Delegate to this House that my friend
from Maryland claims they have done over the
members of the Council and the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Territory. The Constitution
having placed the power in this House, it cannot
be maintained for a moment that Congress in-
tended to vest the same power in the Governor
of Kansas. It could not be done, and doubtless
was not attempted. It seems to me clear beyond
cavil, that Congress never intended to confer upon
the Governor of Kansas any other power over
! the elections, returns, and qualifications of the
! members of the Council and of the House of Rep-
j resentatives than is usually exercised by Gover-
nors of the States in similar circumstances, and
that his certificate was only prima facie evidence
of the election, and not conclusive.
But, sir, the cry is still, that the members of the
Legislature were elected by armed strangers, who
drove the citizens from the polls, or so intimi-
dated them as to keep them from voting; and all
this, they say, calls for remedy and redress.
I -admit that if the members who composed
the Legislative Assembly were elected by stran-
gers, and not by the citizens of the Territory, it
was a great outrage, and ought and could have
been remedied. If the views which I have pre-
sented on this subject are deemed sound, then
their remedy was by contesting before the Legis-
lature itself the election of these spurious mem-
bers. Then was the time and then the place to
apply the correction to this evil. It was the duty
of those who now complain that they were the
victims of this outrage. If they preferred sub-
mission to wrong, to a manly resistance at the
proper time and place—if, as the lawyers say, they
had their day in court, and would not demand
the redress that they were entitled to, it was
their own folly, and their complaints at this day,
whilst they cannot cure the evil, publish their
own shame.
It is not the least suspicious circumstance about
this case, that these American freemen (as.they
are called) should have submitted with so much
patient forbearance to these wrongs, never having
preferred their complaints at home before the
authorities whose duty it was to hear them, but
reserved them for our ears, who have not the
power of redressing them. Instead of resorting
to a jury of the vicinage, they changed the venue,
and removed the case two thousana miles to Con-
gress, and require us to say whether this was or
was not a valid Legislature. To that we answer,
that it was a valid Legislature so far as we are per-
mitted to judge. We know that the organic law
of the Territory provided for a Legislature, and
prescribed how it should be chosen, setting out
the qualifications of voters, and directing the
Governor to appoint the time, place, and manner
of holding the election. We know that the Gov-
ernor performed his duty in this regqjd, and that
the Legislature was convened pursuant to his
call. He communicated with them as a legislative
body, and a series of laws was passed by them
amongst which was one regulating future elec-
tions. This law, therefore, is accompanied by
all the marks and evidences of a valid enactment
that any law can possess; and unless we declare
that our functionaries are all corrupt, and that
neither faith nor confidence can be placed in man,
we are bound to say that the Legislature was
constituted according to law, and that these enact-
ments have all the sanctity and validity of laws.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will briefly review the
cases introduced by gentlemen on tne other side
of this question which, they allege, maintain
and fortify their position. Remember, sir, that
they insist that this House can examine into the
elections, returns, and qualifications of the mem-
bers of the Kansas Legislature, and that their
