216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
24th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Lake.
Ho. op Reps.
authorities sustain that view. The case of Spauld-
ing vs. Mead, from Georgia, was relied upon by
.i l   J * L ~ .Um 11 A ~£
ing ivieau, irorn vjreurgm, was icuw uy
the three gentlemen who accepted the challenge of
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.1
The case will be found in the volume of contested
cases from 1789 to 1834. It exhibits the following
facts: The Legislature of Georgia passed a law
fixing the time, places, and manner of holding
elections for members of Congress, and added to
these requirements of the Constitution, that the re-
turning officers should malje their returns within
twenty days after the election. By the returns
made within the twenty days, as was required by
the statute, Mead had 4,438rotes, and Spaulding
had 4,269. The certificate of election was given
•to Mead. Three of the counties of the district did
not make returns within the twenty days, and I
they were excluded. The sole objection to these i
returns was the tardiness with which they were '
made. When added to the returns received
within the time prescribed by law, they changed
the result, and snowed a majority of thirty-nine
▼otes for Spaulding. Spaulding contested the
■eat of Mead successfully. The report of the
committee was in his favor, and received the
sanction of the House. I read the following ex-
tract from it:
" Upon the foregoing statement of facts, as the Constitu-
tion has made this House the judge of the elections and
returns, ss well as the qualifications, of its members; as
the returns from the State authorities, therefore, are only
prima facie evidence of an election, but not conclusive upon
this House; as there is in the present case satisfactory
proof, that the votes of the three counties in question, al-
though the returns thereof were not transmitted to the Gov-
ernor in season to be considered by him, were, originally, ,
good, lawful, constitutional votes, having been given hy qual-
ified voters on the day, at the places, and in the manner pre- ;
tcribed by law; and as neither the voters who gave them,
nor the candidates in whose favor they were given, have '
done, or omitted, anything on their part to forfeit their re- I
spective right, the committee are of opinion that these :
votes ought to be allowed, and therefore recommend the
•following resolution."
This case, so far from opposing, affirms the view
that I have taken of this case. The Georgia elec-
tion law contained other requirements than those
contained in the constitution. It not only pre-
scribed the time, places, and manner of holding
, the election as required by the constitution, but
excluded all returns not made to the Governor
Within twenty days from the day of the election.
The law was in conflict with the constitution,
and was therefore not obligatory upon the House,
but was rejected by them.
The next case cited by these gentlemen, or !
fome of them, is the case of Barney vs. McCreery, '■
from Maryland, and will be found in the second
volume of "Contested Elections," at page 167.
The law of Maryland districting the State and* ■
regulating elections made a district of Baltimore !
county and city, and authorized the election of j
two Representatives to Congress, one of which],
should leside in the city, and the olhtr in the county, f1
Four candidates run. Mr. Moore lived in the l!
county, and received 6,164 votes; Mr. McCreery
hved in the county, and received 3,559 votes; Mr.
lived in 1116 c'ty' and received2,063 votes;
and Mr. Seat, who also lived in the city, received
353 votes. Mr. Moore's election was conceded.
Mr. Barney, relying upon the law of Maryland, i
Mr. McCreery's seat, because he re- j
sided in the county, and not in the city. The i
congiessional committee in this case say in their '
report as follows:
Proceedeld "amine the Constitution |!
with relation to the case submitted to. them, and find that !'
the qualifications of members are therein determined, with- j!
oat reserving any authority to the State Legislatures to ! 1
change, add to, or diminish those qualifications: and that'1
tt,al instniment Congress is constituted the sole judge i
of the qualifications prescribed by it, and obliged to decide
agreeably to the constitutional rules; but the State Leiis- '
latures being by the Constitution authorized to prescribe
,the time, place, and manner of holding the elections, in
controversies arising under this authority Congress is
Stetea agreeably to the laws of the respeetive
■ "*J" the most mature consideration of the case submitted
to them, the committee are of opinion that William Mc-
Creery is duly qualified to represent the fifth district of the !
State of Maryland; and that the law of that State restrict-
ing the residence of members of Congress to any particular
part of the district for which they may be chosen is con-
trary to the Constitution of the United States."
The House cannot fail to perceive that this
ease, like the one from Georgia, turned upon the | fie members
fact, that the law of Maryland undertook to add
qualifications not contained in the Constitution
I of the United States; and the House was bound
! either to disregard the law of Maryland or violate
I the Constitution. This case also sustains the
1 view which I have taken of our power and duty
in reference to the contested election before us.
Whenever the Constitution prescribes that the
State Legislatures shall, by law, prescribe the
time, place, and manner of holding the election,
and the law thus passed complies with the Con-
stitution, we will conform to its requirements; but
when the Legislature goes beyond the dictates
of the Constitution, either in the matter of elec-
tions, or the qualifications of Representatives,
then we are to reject the law or violate the Con-
stitution. In these cases the validity of the State
laws were tested by comparing their provisions
with those of the Constitution, and not by insti-
tuting an inquiry into the election, returns, and
qualifications of the members of the Legislature
who passed them.
Some other cases have been cited by gentlemen
on the other side, not more applicable than those
that I have noticed,and equally reconcilable with
the principles that have been maintained on this
side of the question. Two of them occurred in
the other end of the Capitol, in which the Senate
inquired whether the claimant had been elected
by the Legislature of the State which he claimed
to represent. This was certainly a very legitimate
inquiry, seeing that the Constitution has pro-
vided for the election of Senators in that way and
no other. If they were not elected by the State
Legislatures, they were clearly not entitled to be
received as Senators. But, in none of the cases
cited by gentlemen, in which the contest was be-
fore this House or before the Senate, does it appear
that either body ever inquired into the elections,
returns, and qualifications of the members com-
posing the State Legislatures;andl feel warranted,
therefore, in repeating the defiant remark of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] that
no such case can be found in either England or
America.
Now, Mr. Speaker, we have heard much about
the fraud, corruption, and violence by which the
Kansas Legislature was elected, and the people
cheated out of the representatives of their choice.
You will find that fraud, corruption, violence, and
invasion, and such like monstrous terms, figure
most conspicuously in the report of the majority
of the committee. You will also find the same,
or similar phrases and ideas, composing the staple
of the speeches made in support of that report.
It becomes worth while now to inquire how far
all these grievances, supposing them to exist, will
affect the validity of an election. Suppose it to
be true, as alleged in the report of the majority,
that large bands of organized men came over from
Missouri with martial music, with banners flying,
together with " all the pride, pomp, and circum-
stance of war." Suppose they had tents and
arms, provisions and forage, and in one instance
artillery, and pitched their tents in and about the
places designated for holding the elections, for
the purpose of intimidation; and suppose the cit-
izens were actually intimidated, and kept away
from the polls by the dread of insult or personal
violence; or suppose that they were actually
beaten off, or captured and detained from the
polls, and prevented from exercising the elective
franchise, would any or all of these outrages in-
validate or affect the returns of an election.
Do not suppose, sir, for one moment, that I
am either the advocate or apologist of such J
scenes; but I wish to ask if they can affect the !
legality of an election ? I certainly think not. If i
legal votes are presented to the judges and rejected,
or if illegal votes are received by them when they
should have been rejected, the returns will be
invalid to the extent of such occurrences; and it
would be the duty of the Legislature, who are
the judges of these returns in the last resort, to
purge the polls and declare the true result. But
any violence or fraud by which legal voters were
kept from the polls, I maintain, would not be
i considered by those who are charged with the
auty of deciding upon the election, returns, and
qualifications of members, or those claiming to
be members. These views apply to all eleotions,
either for members of the Legislature, or for Dele-
gates or Representatives to this House.
To illustrate my views, I will suppose a case.
! Suppose great excitement was gotten up, during
, the canvass, between the contestants in this case—
I suppose the angry passions of their supporters to
i be aroused to a very high degree, and that two of
i the friends of each of the gentlemen had casually
met the day before the election, and from angry
words they had proceeded to blows; and suppose
the friends of the sitting Delegate had so beaten
the friends of his rival as to prevent them from
getting to the polls on the next day; and suppose
the returns to show the sitting Delegate to be
elected by one majority only, and the fact be made
to appear that, if the beaten voters could have got
to the polls, that the majority would have been
reversed,—I ask, emphatically, if the returns
would be altered so as to rid the result of the
effects of this violence ? I say, no; and believe no
man in this House can be found to say yes.
Under our power to judge the election, returns,
and qualifications of members, we would be com-
pelled to award the seat to the sitting Delegate.
The elective franchise is a personal right: it belongs
to the man. He may waive it, he may refuse
to use it for a consideration, or he may be brow-
beaten and intimidated from its exercise, or he
may cast it for a consideration at the bidding of
another; but all these abuses of this great privi-
lege, though they may be censured, they cannot
be removed by us when we come to judge of the
election, returns, and qualifications of members.
Mr. Speaker, we are told, in this majority re-
port, that the Territory of Kansas was not only
invaded by an armed force of foreigners, but that
they have ever since held possession of it, and
that the people of the Territory are now subju-
gated by these invaders. The committee have
Been imposed on. Does any man in this House,
save themselves, believe this story? Is it not
amazing that the majority of the committee should
exhibit such credulity? An invading force has
held possession of the Territory of Kansas, and
actually subjugated the people by physical force;
and yet we have a Governor there, whose duty
it is to repel invaders, and quell domestic violence
by the means subject to his control; and if it can-
not be done by him, at the call of the Legislature
or upon his own representation, the President of
the United States is required by law to send the
Army and Navy and militia from the States to
his assistance. The Governor is in communica-
tion with the President, and the President with
us, and yet no note of alarm has come Jo us or
the country from either of these distinguished
functionaries. Mr. Speaker, it is not—it cannot
be so. You do not believe it. As the story came
here with this contestant, it seems to have been
| gotten up for congressional consumption only.
< Sir, I am opposed to giving the committee the
power of sending for persons for another reason
of ;*reat force with me. The reasons given in the
majority report for the exercise of this extraor-
dinary power are mainly contained in the address
of Governor Reeder (the contestant) to them.
His sensibilities seem to be much excited in be-
half of the dear people whose representative he
claims to be. He has described their sufferings
and wrongs in their present state of subjugation.
He is one of them—their friend; and occupying,
as he says he does, the interesting and delicate
relation of representative of them, let us see if
this picture which he has drawn of them—his
| " chosen people"—-is such as to recommend them
to us as credible witnesses. He says they were
driven from the polls on the 30th of March. Yes,
sir, these freemen—the descendants of the Pilgrim
Fathers, whose chivalrous love of liberty .won
for them an empire on this western continent—at
the bidding of strangers, laid down the elective
franchise, and took up the yoke of the conqueror.
Governor Reeder was then Governor of the Ter-
ritory, in the zenith of his power, basking at full
length in the sunshine of presidential favor, and
then, as now, the ardent friend of the free people
of Kansas, able and willing to redress this wron< 
of being despoiled of the elective franchise. Welf,
of course he made them all free again, and restored
to them that jewel of which their conquering foes
had deprived them—the elective franchise. No
