1856.
further, that no gentleman in this House or out of
it need expect to intimidate me, or to insult me in
this manner. I hare made all the apology, Mr.
Clerk, that I intend to make. That apology was
made to the House. I did not intend my remarks
to be understood m any but $ jocular way; but
I consider, at the same time, that the remarks made
by the gentleman [Mr. Barksdale] about Ameri-
canism fully justify me in putting such a query.
[Cries of " (Jood!" " Call the roll!"]
The CLERIC. Does the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Grow] insist on his motion to ad-
journ?
Mr. GROW. I do, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Richardson] is on the floor. Let us hear
what he has to say.
The Clerk put the question on adjournment,
and the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have received a copy
of the inquiries propounded by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.] I have looked over
these interrogatories, and it seems to mo that
I have answered them substantially, with the
exception of the first and fifth. I refer that gen-
tleman, therefore, to the remarks submitted by
me this morning-, for my answer to his questions,
with the exception of those I have indicated.
The first inquiry is:
"Do you hold that tlie Constitution of the United States
extends to, and is of lull force within the seveiai Teirito-
r^es theieoi?"
In reply to this interrogatory I have to say
that I do recognize the Constitution of the United
States as extending over the Territories, so far !
as it is applicable to their condition. That is my !
answer to the first. I
The fifth is in the following language:
Do you hold that, under the Constitution, a person held
to service or labor u'lthm said Territory, escaping therefrom
into any State in this Union, can be leclaimed unclei the
ftigitive slave law ; 01 is such person within the exuadition !
clause of the second section of the fourth articlc of Hie I
Constitution r1' I
In reply to this I have to say that, by the ex- !
press terms of the bill organizing the Territories •
of Kansas and Nebraska, and other Territories 1
organized subsequent to the passage of the fue;i- i
tive slave law, that law goes into operation In '
those Territories. t * ;
Now, sir, as to the other interrogatories pro- !
pounded by the gentleman from Mississippi, '
{Mr. Barksdale,] I have to say that I belong
to no Know Nothing or American organization.
I belong to no sccret political organization.
I am opposed to the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia. I am opposed to interference
with it in the dock-yards, or any place else, by J
the Congress of the United States. !
I believe that the Almighty made the negro in- j
ferior to the white man. 1 do not believe you can I
place them upon an equality, unless you bring j
down the white man to his level; and I am op- j
posed to that. j
In reply to the facetious inquiries of my friend !
from Missouri, [Mr. Kennett,] I have to say j
I am sometimes afraid that, in that future state !
in which I believe, he, myself, and some of our j
associates here, will not be free. [Laughter.] !
Mr. KENNETT. I am very glad, Mr. Clerk, j
that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richard- \
son] is getting a little anxious about his condi-
tion, as well as that of other members of the i
House. I think he has great cause. [Laughter.] i
Mr. RICHARDSON. I an very anxious, not ,
only in reference to myself, but m relation to my !
friend from Missouri. But, sir, I am informed ;
that I omitted one of the questions propounded [
by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Barks- ;
dale,] m relation to Catholics and adopted citi- :
zens. ■
Sir, I do not know, nor care, what a man's re-1
hgious opinions may be. I would as soon support 1
a Catholic lor office as a man professing any other i
religion, provided he was qualified, and his polit-'
ical sentiments coirespondcd with my own. I ■
think, sir, in reference to this Government of
ours, that our only safety, or at least, that our ,
greatest safety, upon this subject of religion, is in j
carrying out the policy never to carry our religion
into politics, and never carry our politics to i
church. They are distinct and separate—unal- 1
terably so. A Catholic is as much entitled to '
protection in this country as those of any other 1
religion. I have no prejudice against theCatho- i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
,| lies, nor have I against foreigners. I voted, the
last time* I voted, in my own State, for an adopted
} citizen; and I expect to vote for them in future as
j, often as they are presented, provided they are
;! qualified.
tj BINGHAM. The honorable gentleman
j; from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] has stated to the
;i House that he has answered all of my questions
except the first and fifth. I beg leave to ask that
; gentleman whether, in his remarks, he has given
: any reply to my second, third, fourth, and sixth
: interrogatories; and will the gentleman respond
' to those questions ?
Mr. RICHARDSON. In reply to the gentle-
man from Ohio, I have to say that I substantially
responded to his interrogatory this morning.
Mr. BINGHAM. In what way has the gen-
tleman answered the second, third, fourth, and
sixth questions which 1 had the honor to submit
to him.5
Mr. RICHARDSON. I said, in my remarks
this morning, that, in my opinion, the people of
a Territory have the right either to establish or
prohibit African slavery. I think that is an an-
swer to the gentleman's question.
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the gentleman mean
to be understood assaying that the people of the
j Territory of Kansas can, by territorial enactment 
| establish or prohibit African slavery therein?
I Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not wish to single
j out a particular instance.
j Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Clerk, I submit to the
, House that the honorable gentleman fiom Illinois
! has not answered my several interrogatories,
j either directly or indirectly, and I insist upon full
and explicit answers thereto.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I object to those in-
terrogatories. The answers of the gentleman
from Illinois and of other gentlemen have been
given, and have gone to the country. The country
will determine whether the questions of the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] have been an-
swered. It is not for any gentleman here to rise
and propound verbal questions. 1 objected to it
when it came from the gentleman from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Barksdale,] and I object now when
> it comes from another qrarrer. I insist upon pur-
suing the regular course laid out this morning,
and which we have pursued. I repeat, the an-
swers of the gentleman from Illinois have gone
to the country, and the country will judge of
their pertinence.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the questions have not
been answered, how will the country judge ? I
have put no question to tlxc gentleman which was
not reduced to writing by me.
Mr. COBB. The questions, with the answers,
have gone to the country, and it-will be for the
country to determine whether they are pertinent
or not.
Mr. STANTON. That certainly is sufficient.
I think that ought to be satisfactory to my col-
league, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I submitted, in writing, a
series of questions, as authorized by the resolu-
tion of the House. Some of these questions
have not been answered. They were respectfully
and properly submitted, and i have a right to
insist upon an answer to them.
Mr. COBB. I call to order; the gentleman from
Ohio is out of order.
Mr. BINGHAM. The resolution passed by
the House yesterday authorized these interroga-
tories to be put to gvntlemen; and the resolution
implied, if it meant anything, that the questions
should be answered.
Mr. COBB. I call to order. I insist that it
shall be enforced.
The CLERK. No order was made by the
House in the matter; but it was agreed, by com-
mon consent, that the questions should be put to
the gentlemen who are before the House as can-
didates for the speakership, in succession.
[Cries of " Call the roll!" " Hear Banks !'"]
Mr. HUMPHREYMARSHALL. I suppose
that the other gentlemen will answer, of course.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to call the attention
of the House and the country to the fact 
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. BINGHAM. I insist on my right to be
heard for ten minutes.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Ohio will
recollect that universal objection was made to the
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Barksdale]
proceeding when he proposed questioning the
gentleman from Massachusetts, and in this way
interfering with what seemed to be the course
that it was the general wish should be pursued. -
Mr. BINGHAM. Does the Clerk say that I
am out of order in putting inquiries to the gentle-
I man from Illinois?
| The CLERK. The Clerk makes no decision.
I If the House consent, the gentleman will proceed
I with his remarks. The Clerk merely suggests,
I as it seems to be the pleasure of the House, that
I the questions had better go around.
| Mr. BINGHAM, Very well, then; I yield the
; floor. [Cries of "That is right!5' "Now let
j the questions go around !,s]
| Mr. BANKS. I repeat, Mr. Clerk, the prin-
• ciple on which I answer interrogatories from any
! quarter, and it is, thatl speak as a member of this
j House for one of the districts of the State of
| Massachusetts.
j In regard to my position as connected with the
• parties of the country, I wish to make my state-
j mcnt in my own way, inasmuch as it is a matter
| which particularly concerns myself. I will state
I the facts, and the gentleman from Mississippi,
j [Mr. Barksdale,] and other gentlemen, will
! draw their own inferences. What they may be,
| it is not for me to say. When I was elected to
! this House as a member from the State of Mas-
1 sachusetts, I was elected on the nomination of
| the regular Democratic party and of the Ameri-
j can party of that district. The American party
j was very largely in the majority. I avowed my
; sentiments freely and fully on the questions which
[ are involved in the issue presented by that party,
! before there was any especial cause for me to do
i so, and before it had attracted the attention of the
I country; and as an answer to the fourth inter-
; rogatory put to me by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, alter it had been submitted to the gentle-
man from Illinois, I have only to say that, in the
speech which I delivered to this body during the
last Congress, I expressed freely and fully all my
^ opinions on the subject. The record is there, and
| to it I refer the gentlemen for information. Let
j the record spenk. I have adopted the maxim of
j Junius, that it is an unfortunate waste of time for
j a man to spend any considerable portion of his life
| in commentaries on his own works. [Laughter.]
f 1 come now to speak to the interrogatory in
! reference to the equality of the white and black
[ races.
I Mr. BARKSDALE. Take the next one before
! that.
| Mr. BANKS. Please allow me to speak to
; the interrogatories in my own order.
' I have to say, in this matter, that I accept the
j doctrine of the Declaration of Independence, that
j all men are created equal. In regard to the su-
periority of races, I am impressed with the con-
viction that it is to be determined ultimately by
capacity for endurance. So far as I have studied
j the subject, it seems to me to be the general
: law, that the weaker is absorbed or disappears
| altogether. Whether the black racc of this con-
! tinent, or any other part of the world, is equal
! to the white racc, can only be determined by the
i absorption or disappearance of one or the other;
j and I propose to wait until the respective races
i can be properly subjected to this philosophical
i test before I give a decisive answer. [Roars of
I laughter.]
j As the other question is the key to the politics
| of the country, i will now give it my attention.
"Are you in favoi of ro^tonna the Missouri restiietion;
: or do \ ou go for the entue prohibition oi' slavery in all the
I Teiutonos oi' the United States?'>
j The territorial question of this day refers to th^
. Territories of Kansas and Nebraska. Ileave the
territory s which are to come hereafter to the
; hereafter; but I say, at the same time, that I am
: in favor of the prohibition of slavery in Kansas
, and Nebraska. Then, in regard to the first clause
: of the interrogatory—arc you m favor of restor-
ing the Missouri restriction ?—I have to say that I
desire that the prohibition made by southern men
! and southern States—the inhibition of the insti-
i tution of slavery in the Territories of Kansas and
, Nebraska—shall be made good to the people of the
country. I care not m what manner it shall be
done—whether there be a restoration of the tech-
nical and arbitrary line, or by some other methods,
or appliances, or principles, there shall be made
