1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
953
further to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed
marshals and attorneys of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky, by unani-
mous consent, and in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced the following bills; which
were severally read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions:
A bill for the relief of F. W. Armstrong;
A bill for the relief of Isaac P. Washburne;
and
A bill for the relief of John W. Cox.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Nichols in the
chair.)
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the further con-
sideration of the special order be postponed until
Tuesday next. That is the next day on which
the special order applies in committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. The Senate amendments to
the deficiency bill are now in order.
The CHAIRMAN. They are. The question
is upon the thirtieth amendment of the Senate,
which is as follows:
For the mciileutsil expenses of tlie quartermaster's depart-
ment, consisting of postage on letters arid packets received
and sent by officers of the Army on public service; expenses
of courts-martial and courts of inquiry, including the ad-
ditional compensation to judges-advocate, recorders, mem-
bers, and witnesses, while on that service, under the act of
March 16,1802, extra pay to soldiers employed, under the
direction of tlie quartermaster's department, m the erec-
tion of barracks, quarters, store-houses, and hospitals; the
construction of roads and other constant labor lor periods
of not less than ten days, under the acts of March 2,1819,
and August 4,1854, including those employed as clerks at
division and department headquarters; expenses of ex-
presses to and from the frontier posts and armies m the field ;
of escorts to paymasters, other disbursing officers, and
trains, when military escorts cannot be furnished ; expenses
of the interment of non-commissioned officers and soldiers;
authorized office furniture ; hire ol laborers in the quarter-
master's department, including hire of interpreters, spies,
and guides tor the Army ; compensation of clei k to officers
of the quartermaster's department; compensation of for-
age and wagonmasters, authorized by tlie act of July 5,
1838; for the apprehension of deserters, and the expenses
incident to their pursuit; the various expenditures required
for the fii st and second regiments of dragoons, the companies
of light arulleiy, tlie regiment of mounted lifiemen, and
such companies of infantry as may be mounted, viz : for
the puichase of horse equipments, as saddles, bridles, sad-
dle-blankets, nose-bags, iron combs,currycombs, and spins
and stiaps; of traveling foiges, blacksmiths' and shooing
tools, horse and mule shoe?, iron and steel for shoeing; hire
of veterinaiy surgeons ; puichase of medicines for horses
and mules ; shoeing hoises of mounted corps, and repairing
dragoon and litle equipments, $180,000.
Mr. PHELPS. Is there any amendment pend-
ing to that amendment ?
The CHAIR. There is not.
Mr. PHELPS. I do not desire to enter into
any discussion of this matter. 1 will merely re-
mark that this is for the amount necessary for
carrying on the operations of the quartermaster's
department during the present fiscal year. The
Committee of Ways and Means recommend a
concurrence.
The amendment was concurrcd in.
The thirty-first amendment of the Senate was
reported as follows:
For constructing barracks and other buildings at posts
which it may be necessary to occupy during the year, and
for repairing, altering, ami enlarging buildings at the estab-
lished posts, including hire or commutation of quarters for
officers on military duty; lure of quarters for troops, of
fctore-hou^es for the safe-keeping of military stoics, ami of
grounds for summer cantonments, for encampments and
temporary frontier stations, $100,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in that amend-
ment. 1 do not propose to discuss it. I ex-
plained the matter the other day.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Missouri if that is for a deficiency?
Mr. PHELPS. It is for expenses required for
the present fiscal year.
Mi. SMITH. 1 do not understand that these
barracks are works authorized by law, for which
there can be any deficiency now.
Mr. PHELPS. Every year there is an annual
appropriation inserted in the general appropria-
tion bill under this head. There was such an
appropriation in the general appropriation bill of
the last year, and this amount is now needed in
addition for the present fiscal year.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman from Mis-
souri, whether the appropriation m the general
appropriation bill of the last session, of which he
speaks, was founded upon regular estimates as to
what was needed for the necessary structures ?
Mr. PHELPS. It was founded upon the
annual estimates, of course; but the removal of
the troops has involved the necessity of the erec-
tion of additional barracks at the new posts, for
the use of the army; and it was impossible, at
the time the annual estimates were submitted, to
foresee what would be required in consequence
of the breaking out of Indian hostilities.
Mr. SMITH. I move to strike out " one
hundred," and insert in lieu thereof "forty."
I do not doubt that this money has been properly
expended, but I desire to call the attention of the
committee to the extraordinary usage which is
springing up in our daily practice. This amend-
ment is:
" For constructing barracks and other buildings at posts
which it may be necessary to occupy during the year, and
for lepairing, altering, and enlarging buildings at the estab-
lished posts, including hire or commutation of quarters for
officers on military duty; hire of quarters for troops, of
store-houses for the safe-keeping of military stores, and of
grounds for summer cantonments; for encampments and
temporary frontier stations, $100,000."
Well, now, it is manifest that here is an appro-
priation asked for that is undefined, unrestricted,
and unspecified. It is clear that there is no limit
at all, so far as the legislative will is expressed,
and that the only limit is the executive will. Is
it not so? And is this a system of legislation that
is to become the practice of this body? Is this
the system of legislation that is to supersede the
old notion of specific appropriations ? It is mani-
fest that it is only necessary, according to the
principle involved in this amendment, for the
Executive to require appropriations; and that the
idea of the supervision of legislative care and
intelligence is perfectly exploded. If these ap-
propriations are to be made without any exposi-
tion of their necessity other than the executive
report, it is manifest that the legislative power is
reduced to a subsidiary relation to the executive
power to carry out the policy and will of the
Executive, exercised according to its discretion.
Mr. PHELPS. I am a little astonished to find
the gentleman from Virginia taking exception to
the language in which this appropriation is ex-
pressed. It seems that some new light has just
broken in upon him. Why, sir, this is the lan-
guage which has been used for appropriating
money for the construction of barracks, and pro-
viding shelter for your troops for the last twenty
years. It is precisely the same form which was
contained in the Army appropriation bills for the
last four sessions of Congress, to my certain
knowledge, and the gentleman has sustained all
those appropriation bills.
I will now give him an answer to another por-
tion of his icmarks, as to why the provision
cannot be made more explicit. It may become
necessary to establish a military post somewhere
in the Indian country, where one is not now an-
ticipated. The legislative department cannot say
in advance that one is necessary. When such a
post is established, shelter and protection are de-
sired for the troops stationed there, and the object
of this appropriation is to provide barracks for
that purpose. If there should be buildings already
erected there which would be suitable for the ac-
commodation of troops, then under this head of
appropriation those buildings may be purchased.
I gave the committee, the other day, an illustra-
tion of this fact. At Fort Pierre, on tlie Missouri
river, in the Sioux country, there had been there
a trading post of the American Fur Company for
the past twenty years. The Government, finding
the buildingsof the fur company could be readily
adapted to the service of troops, and knowing it
would be cheaper to buy them than to erect
others, it did purchase them from the fur com-
pany, and the purchasc-moncjr was drawn from
an appropriation expressed like the one now
under consideration. I hope there will be no
further discussion, but that a vote will betaken
on the item.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw my
amendment, and move to make it fifty instead of '
one hundred. It was not necessary, Mr. Chair-
man, from what I said, for the gentleman to refer.
to my consistency, or to the fact that new light
had burst on me. That is a very old argument.
It may sometimes be necessary to keep men up
to their duty, to array them against themselves.
The gentleman says from his personal knowledge'
that this language has been used for the last
twenty years.
Mr. PHELPS. No; the last four years.
Mr. SMITH. I am yet ignorant of it; and if
it be so, then a new light has burst on me. Cer-
tainly it is extraordinary if this be the language
used. The fact that a new light has burst on
me seems to be used as a matter of reproach. I
do not know what there was in my remarks that
would justify any such remark on the part of the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS. I had no intention to reproach
the gentleman from Virginia. My relations with
the gentleman have been of the kindest descrip-
tion. I did not mean to eensure him. I thought,
however, it was a little strange, after the expla-
nations given as to the necessity for these appro-
priations, to hear the gentleman find fault with
the language in which they are expressed.
Mr. SMITH. It is not courteous, certainly,
to present a gentleman before the country as being
under the influence of new light, or in the attitude
of inconsistency. I advocate principles now as
I have always done. I only hope the gentleman
will always be able to exhibit as clear a record
as I can. If the present is the mode of appropri-
ation resorted to in a deficiency bill, the sooner the
Committee of Ways and Means correct the prac-
tice the better. I admonish the gentleman to adopt
more becoming phraseology in the next appro-
priation bill. I withdraw my amendment.
The thirty-first amendment was non-concurred
in.
The thirty-second Senate amendment was
reported by the Clerk, as follows:
For mileage to officers of the Army, for transportation of
themselves and baggage when traveling on duty without
troops or escort, $61),000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in the amend-
ment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The thirty-third amendment of the Senate was
reported by the Clerk as follows:
For transportation of the Army, including the baggage of
the troops when moving either by land or water; of cloth-
ing, camp and gauison equipage, and horse equipments,-
from the depot at Philadelphia to tlie several posts and army
depot?; of subsistence from the places of purchase, and
from the places of delivery under contract to such places
the cncumstances of the service may require it to be sent;
of ordnance, ordnance stores and small arms, from the
founderiesandarmoiiestothe arsenals, fortifications, fron-
tier posts, and army depots; freights, wharihge. tolls, and fer-
riages ; for the purchase and hire of horses, mules, and oxen,
and the purchase and repair of wagons, cans, drays, ships,
and other sea going vessels and boats for the transportation
of supplies, and for garrison purposes; for drayage and cart-
age at the several posts; lure of teamsters ; transportation
oi' funds for the pay and other disbursing depaitments ; the
expense of sailing public transports on the various rivers,
the Gulf of Mexico, and tlie Atlantic and Pacific ; and for
procuring water at such posts as from their situation require
that it be brought from a distance, and for dealing roads
and removing obstructions from roads, harbors, and livers,
to the extent which may be required for the actual opera-
tions of the troops on the frontiei, $1,000,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence in the amend-
ment.
Mr. STANTON. I more to amend by striking
out " one million." I do not believe, Mr. Chair-
man, the history of the legislation of the country
can furnish an instance of such a proposition as
the one contained in the section just read. In the
single item of transportation there is a deficiency
for the current year of $1,000,000. The report
of the Quartermaster General shows an appropri-
ation of ยง1,200,000 for transportation; and yet, if
I properly understand the pending proposition,
there has been an expenditure of double that
amount for tiansportation. We are asked to ap-
propriate &1,000,000 to 3upply a deficiency.
I will call the attention of the committee to the
report of the Secretary of War, and to what is
said by his subordinates on this subject. Op psu?e
forty-five of the second volume of the President's
message and documents, I find the following
