954
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
statement of the condition of the transportation
fund:
At the date of my last report, the. apparent halanees in the
hands of officers acting in the Department in the preceding
year, after deducting the sums due from three officers who
had left the service, and from two for the settlement of
whose accounts Congress had legislated, were stated to
amount, in the aggregate, to  $731,143 91
But an error has been since detected in bring-
ing forward the balance of  46,127 38
Leaving the real apparent balance  777,271 29
To which arc to be added :
1st. Remittances, amounting to 5,247,954 27
2d. Proceeds of the sales of public property and
rents of public buildings.  68,565 43
Making a total to be accounted for of.  6,093,790 99
From which are to be deducted :
1st. Expenditures prior to the fiscal year, the
accounts for which were not received in
time for the last report $456,487 86
And within the fiscal year 4,537,086 52
2d. Depo&its to the credit of the
Treasurer  130,600 75
3d. Tiansferred to the ordnance
department, lor the purchase of
horse equipments     46,000 00
 5,170,175 13
Leaving to be accounted for  $923,615 86
Twenty officers and agents who have been employed in
the Department, or who have leceived money on account
of it, and whose joint accountability amounts to $67,953 20,
have failed to render their accounts, or to credit sums o!
money placed m their hands. One of them, Lieutenant A.
D. Tree, who was reported in my last annual report, is now
in this city. He lias, since this report was commenced—
to-day—called at the office, and placed in my hands a small
portion of the accounts due, and leports that, m fiom ten
to fifteen days, h« will bo ahle to complete and submit the
remainder of his vouehet >, which he believes will cover his
whole indebtedness to the public.
Lieutenant M. 11. Stevenson, who was reported in my
last report, is still indebted the whole sum then due.
Three of these, olfieeis have ceased to disburse, and are
accountable, scvcially, tor the following s>uni , viz:
Lieutenant W. A. Slaughter  $8,055 99
Lieutenant L. Looser  565 09
Captain F. Steele      2,905 50
Now, this$67,000 and odd, whichhasnotbeen
accounted for, seems to he plunder.
Now, sir, it scorns that out of twenty of those
gentlemen who have been intrusted with the
public funds for disbursement, and who have
failed to render accounts, and who are defaulters
to the Government, but three of them have been
removed from (ho public service, and the other
seventeen are still intrusted with the disburse-
ment of the public money, and hold on to the
amount in their hands, which thoy have failed to
account for, and we are called upon to supply the
deficiency by an appropriation of $1,000,000. I
want the Department, in the first place, to remove
these men from office, and I want them to show
a purpose to see that the public moneys are faith-
fully applied, before I vote the amount they now
ask for to .supply this deficiency.
Mr. PHELPS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Ohio, lie is
caviling about some small sums, amounting- to
only some ten or eleven thousand dollars, reported
to be in the hands of Lieutenants Slaughter and
Loeser and Captain Steele. If the gentleman had
read a little further, he would have found it stated
that Lieutenant Slaughter is believed to have
made disbursements, but the vouchers have, not
been received; that Lieutenant Loeser "s vouchers,
and the public funds in his hands, were lost at
the time of the wreck of the steamer San Fran-
cisco, and yet he makes this a grave offense that
the Department has not removed him from ser-
vice when his vouchers were lost.
Again, in reference to Captain Steele, another
of those whom the report shows are defaulters,
the same quartermaster tells the Secretary of
War that the papers, the vouchers, and money
were stolen by a sergeant whom he left m his
tent, and that, under such circumstances, he be-
lieved that Congress would grant that officer re-
lief.
Why does not the gentleman from Ohio tell the
committee of these facts, when he states that
some $67,000 are not accounted for? Does he
believe that the Quartermaster General guaran-
ties the safety of the transmission of these vouch-
ers by mail? Those officers were upon the Pacific
coast, and every voucher which they deposited
in the mail may have been lost in the transmis-
sion. If they have, those officers have to be no-
tified again to send on the duplicate vouchers
which they hold in their hands. But that is a
small item compared with $1,000,000.
Let me say further—and I am indebted to the
gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Lane] for the in-
formation—that Lieutenant Slaughter, whom the
gentleman from Ohio has stigmatized as a de-
faulter, has just now shed his blood in the defense
of the people of the Territory of Oregon; and I
am also informed that the vouchers of that officer
will soon be here, and that they will show that
he is not indebted to the Government. I cannot
believe that the gentleman from Ohio meant to
cast any imputation upon the memory of that
deceased officer.
Mr. STANTON. I have been greatly misap-
prehended by the gentleman from Missouri. 1
leave those three gentlemen, and say that the
Department has done right as to their cases; but
I complain that they have not turned out the other
seventeen.
Mr. PHELPS. Does the gentleman know that
it takes some time to transmit those vouchers,
and get them settled here ? The sums may have
been actually disbursed, but the vouchers have
not yet arrived at the Department; and if they
have been lost, they cannot be settled until the
officers shall be informed of the loss, and be en-
abled to transmit the duplicates.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 would like to ask
the gentleman if he has seen an estimate upon
which this deficiency is predicated?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 have; and I will road an
extract from the annual report of the {Quarter-
master General, which will show how this defi-
ciency has arisen, tie says:
" The amount paid for transportation within and previous
to the fiscal yeai, so far as accounts have been received and
examined, amounted to the enormous sum of $1,989,838 30.
The accounts to be received will increase tins sum to at
least $2,000,000. The appropriation for tlie year was
$1,200,000 ; the greatci paitof which excess of expendituie
over the appropriation is a charge upon the appiopnation
for tlu; present yeai."
Again, the Quartermaster General says, in a
letter to the Secretary of War:
" I estimate the deficiency in the appiopriation for trans-
portation the last year at about <$,600,000. The great m-
cieasic in the pricc of foiage caused the expenditures on
that account to exceed the appropuation for the year; the
cluujie upon the appiopriation for lorage for the present
yeai 1 ultimate at £200,000."
That deficiency in the last fiscal year of §600,000
became a charge upon the appropriation made last
year to meet the expenditure for transportation
during this fiscal year, and it wipes out one half
of that appropriation immediately. I remarked
to the committee the other day, that the ninth
regiment of infantry had been ordered to the Pa-
cific coast; but that it was not the intention of the
Secretary of War to send it out until the next
fiscal year. But it has been sent, in consequence
of the breaking out of Indian hostilities m Wash-
ington and Oregon Territories. I told the com-
mittee the other day, that the expense of the
transportation of that regiment from Old Point
Comfort to Oregon or Washington Territory
amounted to $200,000—a sum never estimated
for by the Quartermaster General's Department
to be used during this fiscal year. But it has been
paid.
Mr. STANTON. If there is no objection, I
withdraw my amendment.
No objection being made, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend by strik-
ing out " $1,000,000," and inserting in lieu
thereof " $500,000." I was aware of the exist-
ence of the state of facts which the gentleman
from Missouri has presented, and its presenta-
tion illustrates this further operation of the War
Department: That the Department does not at all
deem itself required to have an appropriation
made beforehand to meet the expenses of the
fiscal year, but that it is at liberty to go, in its
expenditures, beyond the appropriation, and then
take the appropiiation for the succeeding year,
and apply it to pay a deficiency created the pre-
vious year. I hold that they are not authorized
to do that.
There are other reasons why this transporta-
tion account runs over. There is a report from
Captain Ingals which explains, somewhat, the
reasons why the deficiency is so large. It seems
that Colonel Steptoe was placed in charge of the
infantry which left the western frontier in June,
sufficiently early to have reached the Pacific coast
during the season, but he was ordered to winter
in the Salt Lake valley; and, there, in a place
remote from supplies, in the center of the conti-
nent, removed as far as they could get from water
transportation, where there were not sufficient
agricultural products within reach, the conse-
quence was, that the expense of transportation
was doubled over two or three times. The cap-
tain, in his report, says:
" While upon this subjcct, I will remark that my returns,
which are now forwarded fully, account for every cent ex-
pended ; that all my purchases were authorized by Colonel
Steptoe, and rendered necessary from the circumstances
under which the command was placed ; that the extra sum
expended is chargeable to the orders that detained this com-
mand in the valley during winter."
Now, sir, how is that? The reports show that
the transportation for the troops and horses in the
Salt Lake valley during that period, was $200,000.
Now, if the gentleman from Missouri will ex-
plain to me what good and satisfactory reason
there is for leaving a regiment of mounted troops
in the Salt Lake valley during the winter, and
feeding them there, and furnishing them with sup-
plies, and incurring the expenses of transporta-
tion there, 1 should be glad to hear his explana-
tion . If the executive discretion has been abused,
and increased expenses incurred in this manner,
it is not the duty of the House to meet these ex-
penses. 1 do not know whether or not it was in
consequence of the attachment of some of the
officers of the Army to the peculiar institutions
of the Territory of Utah; but for some reason, in
obedience to orders, they went to the Salt Lake
valley, and remained there, at the most expensive
post on the whole continent, and in this manner
incurred an additional expense of $200,000, which
expense was uncalled for. The gentleman from
Missouri is mistaken when he says that I am
caviling about small defalcations of $10,000. I
want to know about this $67,000 which these
twenty gentlemen have failed to return an account
for. I want to know about this $200,000 unneces-
sary expense of transportation, and the increased
expense of subsistence, when the troops might
have been stationed on the Pacific coast, or on
the Mississippi river, and sustained at one half
or one quarter the expense. I trust the Senate
amendment will be non-concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio if he believes that any portion
of the army can be subsisted in California, or
in the Territories of Oregon or Washington, any
cheaper than they can be subsisted in the valley
of the Salt Lake ? I desire to know of him whether
the prices of living are not as great or greater on
the Pacific coast than they are in the Territory
of Utah ?
Now the gentleman makes one point, that the
Secretary of War did not order these troops to go
forward to the Pacific coast. This would have
made the expenditure greater than it was by their
remaining and wintering in the Salt Lake valley.
But there was another consideration why they
remained in the Salt Lake valley. There had been
rumors arising from the reports of those who had
traversed the Salt Lake valley—and these reports
had reached Missouri—that at a certain time the
Mormons contemplated creating a disturbance,
and interrupting the line of emigration passing
through the Territory. I have conversed with
gentlemen who have crossed the plains, who have
passed through the very heart of the Territory of
Utah, and who have returned and told you that
the people inhabiting that Territory cherish feel-
ings of animosity towards this Government.
Then it was that the Secretary of War ordered
these troops, which were to proceed to California,
to stay and winter in Utah, for the purpose of in-
vestigating this question; and if there should be
any reasonable cause to suppose that these Mor-
mon people contemplated any act of hostility
towards our citizens, or that they would incite
the Indians to hostility against our own people,
as they have been charged with doing, that the
troops should be ready to afford protection and
defense to the people, non-inhabitants of the Ter-
ritory of Utah. Does notthat explanation satisfy
the gentleman ?
Again, Mr. Chairman, the office of Governor
of the Territory of Utah was, during that time,
tendered to Colonel Steptoe, under the expecta-
tion that, perhaps, difficulties might take place;
and, if so, and he should be the Governor of that
Territory, and have troops at his command, any
