1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
Mr. TRAFTON. I think, Mr. Clerk, the gen-
tleman cannot be affected with that kind of super-
stition which Henckc in the seventeenth century-
characterized as Bibliolatry, as he could not, in
that case, have gone ten steps in the library
without pitching his foot against this idol. There
are at least some thirty-one different editions of
the Holy Scriptures in the library, and twenty-
four or five different editions of the New Testa-
ment; and I trust that hereafter when the gentle-
man wants a copy of the Scriptures, he will send
directly to the library, and not depend upon
report in so important a matter.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would ask the honor-
able gentleman, who ought to be fully informed,
to state which one of the editions he would recom-
mend me to take ?
Mr. TRAFTON. I answer: I believe there is
a very nice edition in the Hawaiian language; and
I believe there is a translation of the Scriptures
into the native Indian language of Massachusetts,
by Elliott; and in which the gentleman will find
the Native American platform for which he was
searching. [Laughter.]
CORRECTION OP A VOTE.
Mr. BROOM. My attention has been called
to the thirty-fourth vote for Speaker of this House,
as reported in the Congressional Globe. In that
report I find my name recorded as having voted
for Mr. Banks. Unwilling that it should stand
unnoticed, and inasmuch as I have never voted
for that gentleman, and under the circumstances
cannot vote for him, however great my personal
regard, I desire to have the correction made, if
so it appears on the Journal. I would, therefore,
inquire of the Clerk if, upon the records of the
House of the thirty-fourth vote, my name is so
recorded >
The CLERK. The official record has been
sent for, and it will be examined and corrected,
if the gentleman's name is found recorded for
Mr. Banks.
Mr. BROOM. I desire, more particularly,
that it should be examined, as, in this record be-
fore me, I am recorded as having voted for both
Mr. Banks and Mr. Puller. I certainly should
not have voted for both gentlemen upon the same
call of the roll.
At a subsequent time,
The CLERK announced that on examination
of the record of the thirty-fourth vote, the nsyfne
of Mr. Broom was found recorded for Mr. Mil-
ler, and not for Mr. Banks.
THE SPEAKERSHIP AGAIN.
Mr. WHEELER. I move there be a call of
the House: and upon that I demand the yeas and
r,ays.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Knight were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 43; noes not counted. So the yeas and
nays were ordered, one fifth of the members pres-
ent voting therefor.
The question was then put; and there were—
yeas 84, nays 119; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, JBeH, Ilendley
*5. Bennett, Boeuek, Bowie, Bo>ee, Branch. Biooni, Bur-
nett, Cadwaindei, John P. Campbell. Carnie, CaiuthtMs.,
Caskie, Howell Cobb, Cox, Ciaue, Davidson, Henry Win-
ter Davis, Denver, JJotvdell, Dunn, Edinumlson, Elliott,
English, Etlicridtfe, Eusti.-*, Evan?, Faulkner, FIokoiko,
Jlenry Fuller, Tnomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Gicemvood,
Au<rustud Hall, J. Moni&on II an is, Samp-on W. Harris,
Haven, Herbeit, Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Jowvit,
G'jo ,?o W. Jone*, Koitt, Kelly, Kennott, Lake, Leteher,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Mar: nail,
MavvJI, MeMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller. MiIImui,
Moor?, Moidecui Ohvci, I'.une, Peek. Phelps, lle<idr,
Heady, IUcnucl, lUehardson, Ruffin, Rusr, riava^, Wil-
liam Jl. Smith, Sliced, Srev/nrt, TaiboU. Walker, Warnei,
Walking Wheelei, Winslow, Daniel B. Wnght, John V.
Wticbr, and Zoliicorioi—u4.
NAYS—Me-M*. Albumin, Allison, Bail, Barboui, Ilenry
Bennett, Bens-oil, Bilbnihui-:!, Bingham, Bishop, Bit--*,
Iiiad*li<m, Bienioit, I:utriin;ton, Builmganie, James II. .
Campbell, Lewi- D. Campbell. ClvifTef, (dawson, Olmg-
inan, Williamson lv. \v. Cobb, Colfax, Coimns, Cragm,
Uullen, Cunibaek, Damieli, Tsmotbv Davis, Day, Dean,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd.Duif< e. Edie. Edwaid^, Eoine, Flag-
ler, Foster, Gallowav, Gkldmgs, Gilbert, Granger. Grow,
Hubert B. Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Holloway,
Thomas It. Horton, Valentine B. Hoiton. Howaul, Hu^hs- t
ton. Kel^ey, Kidwoll, Kmrr, Knanp. Jvmg'.it, Knowlton, j
Rnn\, Loiter, Macp, Humphrey lUutshill, Marte^on, Me- ;
Crrt\, Meaelusm, Milhvaid, Moigan,3Iornll, Wschol-?, Nor- j
ton, Andrew Oliver, Oir, Paikei, Pe.nce, Pelton, Penning- i
ton, Pettit, Pike. Powell, Pnngle, Pmviance, Quitman, !
Ritchie, Itiveis, llobbms, Robert*, Ho bison, Subrn, Sage, {
Sandidge, Sapp, Seott, Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A.
hmitii, Spinner, Stanton Stephens, Stranahan, Swops,
loppan, Thoririgton, Thurston, Todti, Trafton, Trinpe,
ly&oit, Underwood, Vail, Yalk, Wade, Waibndge, Wal-
aron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Whitney, Williams, Wood, and Wood-
ruff— 119.
So tlie House determined there should not be
a call of the House.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BOCOCK announced that his colleague,
Mr. Smith, had paired off, for a few days, with
Mr. Mott.
The House then proceeded to vote the one hun-
dred and ninth time for Speaker, with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 211; neces-
sary to a choice, 106; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 95
William A. lliehaidson 66
Henry M. Fuller 34
Alexander 0. M. Pennington  8
J. Glaney Jones  2
James L. Orr  l
John Williams  i
Gilchrist Porter    l
Benjamin B. Thurston  l
Samuel Caruthers  1
John A. Quitman    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the' vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messis. Albught, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Biad-
Dick, Diek?on, Dodd, Duifee, Edie, Emiie, Flagler, Gal-
loway, Giddtngs, Gilbert, Grouser, Giow, Robert' B. Hall,
Harlau, liolloway,Thomas II. Hoiton, Valentine B. Horton,
Howard, Hugh<tton, KeUey, Kins?, Knapp. Knight, Knowl-
ton, Knox, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, McOartv, Mcaeham,
Morgan, Morrill, Nichols, Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Paiker,
Peaiee, Pel ton. Pennmgion, Pettu. Pike, Piingle, Pmvi-
ance, Ritchie, Roberts-, Robi-on, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sher-
man, Simmons, Sp.nner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappati,
Thoiington, Thimton,Todd, Tiafron, Ty^on, Wade, Wat-
bridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C Wa«hbume, Elhhu B.
Washhuine, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
Woodruli, and Woodwoiih.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Bark?dale, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Boeoek, Bowie,
Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader, Curuthon, Caskie, Clin?-
man, Howell Cobb, William-on K. W. Cobb. Cringe, T)a\ jd-
son, Denver, DowdeJljEdmuiKUcn^ElhoH, En«lish, Faulk-
ner, FJoicnee, Thomas J. D. Fnllei, Goode,"Greenwood.
Augustus Hall, Samp?on W. Hams, TJionns L. ilatri^,
Herbert, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jone^
Kelly, ltidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel ,S. Marshall,
Maxwell, McSIulhn, Smith Miller, MiiLson, Mordeeai
Oliver, Orr, Peek, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Rufim, Ru-t,
Sandidge, Savage, Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Bfowait,
Talbott, Vail, Warnet, Watkms, \VTells, Winslow, Daniel
B. Wright, and John V. Wnght.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Bioom, John P. CdmpbeJl, Gar-
ble, Bayard Clark, Cox. Cnlien, Demy Wintoi Davis,
Ethendge, Evans, Eustis, Foster, J. Monison Harris, JJofl-
man, Kennett, Jjake, Lmdlev, Alexander lv. Mar«hall,
Humphrey Marshall, Mill ward, Pamo, Poiter, Reade.Readv,
Rieaud, Rivers, William R..Snnth, Sliced, Swope. Tnnp'e,
Underwood, Valk, Walker, Wintnry, and Zolheoilei.
For Mr. Pennington—Mes^r.-. Bishoj), Clawj-on, Dunn,
Edwards, Ilainson, IMoote, Kobbms, and Scott.
For Mr. Jones—Messrs. Boyce and McQueen.
For Mr. Orr—Mr. William.-.
For Mr. TVilliams—Mi. Wheeler.
For Mr. Porter—Mi. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Thurston—Mr. Brenton.
For Mr. Curolhen—Mr. Richaidson.
For Mr. Quitman—Mi. ICeitt.
Mr. BRENTON (when his name was called)
said: T have bef-n voting for a number of days
past for the honorable gentleman from Now York,
[Mr. Bennett.] Since the adjournment of the
House on Saturday, my party have held a cau-
cus, and they have unanimously agreed, in the j
spirit of compromise and concession, to with- >
draw that gentleman's name for the present from |
the canvass; and, until we shall have another
caucus to determine upon our future course, I
shall vote, as I do now, for Mr. Tnunvrotf. j
[Laughter.]
Mr. LINDLEY (when his name was called)
said: I avail myself, Mr. Clerk, of this oppor-
tunity to condu'de the few remarks I desired to
make on Friday last, but was prevented from
doing by the expiraaon of the ten minutes al-
lowed me under the rule. I was then making ■
a reply to my colleague from Missouri, [Mr.
0AHUTHE/R.S,] in respect to some charges which i
he had made against the gentleman from Penn- |
sylvania, [Mr. Fuli.er,] for whom I have been |
casting my vote. What has occurred upon this I
floor since that time, and the positions since taken
her# by the candidates of the respective parties, .
make it unnecessary that I should proceed with ;
that matter any further. j
The position of the honorable gentleman from \
Pennsylvania [Mr. Puller] is now such as to
be not only satisfactory to that gentleman, but
to every southern and national man upon this floor
or elsewhere. My friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Carutheiis,] like myself, has "been a "Whiff from
his boyhood. We both eamc here as Whigs
from Missouri; our position is naturally.together,
and our interests require that we should act'to-
gethcr;_ and I firmly believe that in all important
legislation which shall follow the organization'of
the House, we will be found.together.
In respect simply to the organization of the
House, or selection of a presiding officer, that
gentleman [Mr. Caruthers] has thought proper
to pursue one course, and I have deemed it within
my line of duty to pursue another and a different
one. It lias been impossible for me to vote for
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr, Richardson,]
because, sir, if there is one thing more than
another that I wish to do on this floor, it is to
reflect faithfully and truly the will of my con-
stituents. They are Democratic constituents, it
is true. The district which I represent is a
Democratic one. But, sir, the people of that
district, so far as I have been able to learn their
sentiments from being actually with them and
visiting them, do not believe in the integrity of
this Administration. They believe that its policy
has been wrong from the beginning; that it has
been endeavoring to bind together all the fag-
ends of the parties which brought it into power,
in order that it may preserve power; and that,
in that troublesome effort, it has forgotten and
neglcctcd the peace, interest, and welfare of the
country. They believe that it is a party game,
and not a line of true statesmanship, which that
Administration has followed. I cannot, therefore,
in the faithful discharge of my duty to my con-
stituents, indorse that Administration by voting
for the candidate of its choice and selection on this
lloor.
I have no personal objection to the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr.-Richardson,] as everyone
who is acquainted with me knows. He is my
neighbor, from an adjoining district, although
from a different State, and he is a gentleman whom
I respect. I was glad to hear him take the posi-
tion which he did, on Saturday, in reference to
the power of Congress over the subject of
slavery in the Territories. He assumed the pre-
cise position in regard to that matter that is held
by the great body of the Whigs in Missouri,
with whom I have heretofore acted, and who
have, on that very account, bnen denounced by
the Administration Democrats of that State as
Free-Soil Whigs. I was glad to see the gentle-
man from Illinois take that position, and I tliank
him for it. It either vindicates those Whics of
Missouri, and relieves them from that odious
charge of Free-Soihsm, or it commits the entire
Administration party to it. That is one reason,
Mr. Clerk, why I cannot Vote for the gentleman
from Illinois.
I cannot vote for him for another reason. I
have listened with much attention to the speeches
of candidates on this floor, the other day, de-
fining their positions. The object of the Ad-
ministration is either to absorb all opposition in
the South, or to drive it into the arms of the men
of the North, that it may thereby be crushed at
home, and thus the whole political power of the
South be solidified on the basis of the support
of the Administration; and thus would they
establish a purely geographical party, and con-
summate that sectionalism which is already too
much developed here for the peace and safety of
the country.
What w the position of the gentlemen on the
other side* What is the position of the Repub-
lican party here, as it is termed? It is to drive
the opposition elements in the South to the sup-
port of the Administration, in ordtr that ihey
may thereby solidify the political power of the
North on their platform—that of the Republics
party. Hero, then, we have these two interests
pulling against each other, and pulling against
the very existence of the Government itself.
And what have wc heard on this floor from
the two parties? We have heard the candidate
of the Republican party—and he a leading man
at the North—declaring here that he is willing;,
under certain circumstances, to "let the Union
slide." That language, coming from a son of
Massachusetts at this day—how does it compare
