230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 14,
with the language of that great son of Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Webster,] that greatest intellect
of the world, in his celebrated speech 011 the
Poote resolution, and in that brilliant peroration
which yet thrills the American heart from one end
to the other of this broad Confederacy? 44 He
was not in the habit of hanging over the preci-
pice of disunion, to see whether he could, with
his short sight, fathom the abyss below. Nor
was he accustomed to think him a safe counselor
in the affairs of government whose mind should
be mainly bent on considering, not how the
Union could be preserved, but how tolerable
would be the condition of the people when it
should be broken up and dissolved.'5
And yet, sir, while these glorious sentiments
are still living in the American heart, we find
this son of Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] sup-
ported by one hundred and five or one hundred
and seven northern men, declaring on this floor
a hypothetical dissolution of the Union. Yes,
sir, he looks calmly forward to that event, and
contemplates it without emotion. He could stand
and behold the destruction of this, the most
splendid structure of civil government that was
ever reared to bless mankind, and not put for-
ward his hand to prevent its fall, if it has been
protective of that institution which existed in
nearly all the States at the time of the adoption
of the Constitution. And on what ground are
he and his party thus arraying themselves on a
geographical basis, and fosteringthis sectionalism
so dangerous to the Confederacy? On the ground
that he" is a Representative of the strongest anti-
slavery district in the North; and that the people
of the North were determined that this course
should be pursued. And they here present them-
selves not only as anti-slavery men, but us north-
ern men, ana on the issue that the Missouri
compromise shall be restored. Tim Missouri
compromise line—they say—is important to the
position of the North. If that were true, it
would seem more to accord with a sense of pro-
priety that the men who resisted the passage of
the Nebraska bill and the repeal of the Missouri
compromise, should stand up here and say that
they insist on the restoration of that compromise.
But where are they? Wheie are the men who
stood up then, and brought then* brilliant elo-
quence to boar against the pawsa^c of the Ne-
braska bilP Where art; the Uphnms and the
Wallers of that .Slate, [Massachusetts,] whose
powerful arguments and deep pathos might have
shaken some of us in our determination to touch
what they considered to be a time-honored com-
promise ? Why, after battling here as they did,
and as all of tfiem at that time iVlt it their duty
to do, they went home and were buried beneath
thousands and thousand^ of majorities.
And whore are the others ? "V-Vhere are the men
of the northern States who stood on this floor
then, defending the Missouri compromise, and
resisting the passage of the Nebraska bill5
Where are they ? Some twenty or thirty of them
went home, ran their race, and wen; condemned
by the people of the country; at least we find
their places hero tilled by new men. Is that evi-
dence that the people of tile North desire to con-
tinue thifc agitation ? 1 say that it is evidence of
the contrary; and I believe firmly th.it thc-e is
not a desire in the hearts of the masses of the
northern people that this thing shall be further
disturbed. 1 believe that the gentlemen from the
North who support that principle, and who make
the non-disturbance of the question part of the
platform on which they stand, will be sustained
in their region of country. I have confidence,
Mr. Clerk, m the integrity of the, people of the
North, from the evidence which I hu"\e adduced,
and from the knowl< d^e which I have of the people
themselves. In my own section of the country,
northern men form a great portion of the people.
They are from the northwestern States, as well
as from the F.nst, and from all the northern States.
My knowledge of them pioves them to be as
loyal and true to the interests and institutions of
the State in which they live, [Missouri,] and
which I have the honor in part to represent here,
as any set of people there, come they from whence
they may.
Entertaining; this view of the two great parties
in the contest—the one the Administration pcrty
endeavoring to solidify the South, and the other
the Republican party endeavoring to do the like
in the North—believing them to be both sec-
tional parties endeavoring to set up geographical
lines—I feel it my duty to vote for the candi-
date of neither, but to continue my support of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Puller,]
with that band of men whose conduct in that
respect will be, I feel convinced, commended by
their constituents, although it may be condemned
by those who support the two great parties. In-
i stead of upholding and promoting the designs of
; these two parties, they arc endeavoring to stand
j by the Union. I am with them.
i I deem that to be my natural place, and so there
I I stand.
If there is one sentiment which, from my ehild-
i hood, I have cherished more than another, it is a
i; love for the institutions of my country; and if
!1 there is any desire greater than another with the
|; people of the district which I have the honor to
|| represent, it is, Mr. Clerk, for the perpetuation
!■ of those institutions of Government, the de-
!! struction of which is tke natural tendency of
5 ; those two great parties. I am therefore with that
gallant little band of men, call them by what
II name or party you may, who, opposing both
these great parties, and occupying conservative
ground, stand up for that position which will
insure peace to the country. I am with them
against the Republican party, and against your
Administration.
The Clerk completed the call of the roll, and
!! announced the vote as above.
|! The Clerk again called the roll, and the follow-
jj ing was the result of the one hundred and tenth
1] vote: Wholcnumberof votes cast, 209; necessary
jj to a choice, 105; of which—•
j I Nathaniel P. Banks received 05
j I William A. 1li< haidion    65
li Homy M. Fuller  33
Alexander O. M. Pennington  b
J. Giancy Jones  9
John IVVjluuiK    1
Ueniannn B. Thurston  1
Gilchrist Porter  1
banned Caiutheis.      i
Jame-j r<. Orr  I
John A. Quitman  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Hanks—Messrs. A Ibtuiht, Allison, Bail, [5a; hour,
l-Ioniy IJeimett. Ben<on, lJillinj;liin«t, Bmp-ham, !5ud-
>naw, Bufliacron, Burhnanmo, .Tam<-"< II. Campbell, Lewis
D (Jamphell,"Chalice, Colfax, Conuns, Oia^m. Cnmiiack,
Dauuell, Timothy Dave-, I)'iy, Dean, Do \Vnf, Dick. Dick-
s-on,Do'hl, Du>Ire, Ddie. Hmiic, Calloway, Cid-
din<;-,. Ci'heit. CraiiL'rr. Grow, Kolx itD. Hall, Italian, flol-
loway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentino 1>. Hoifon. llowaid,
Himh^ton, Kelsey, King, Knapp, ivin^ht, Knowlton, Kno.\,
L' tier. Mace, Matteson, McCaitv, Meachant, Morcran, Mor-
uli, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oavei, Paikei, Pcatee, Pol-
io a, Peimmjrton, Petut, Pike, jangle, Puiviauce, llitchie,
Uoboitrf, Uohitun, Sabm, tfage, Bapp, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Mtanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thormjjton, Tluus-
ton, Todd, Trafton, Ty&on, Wade, Watbrid.ie, Waldion,
Oadvva'.ador C. Wash bin no, Filuhu B. Washburne, T-rarl
Wa>hbuui, Watbon, Welch, Wood, WondiufV, and Wood-
work).
ij For ATr. Richardson — Messrs. Aiken. Allen, Baielay,
;; Bark'.dal<\ BdU ilcndh-y Bennett, Bocoek, Bowie,
;I Bsaivh,lJurni'tt.Cadw.ilader,Cat ut her,-,Catkin,Clmsman.
|! JlouHl Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cuii^e, David-on^
Denver. Dowdcll, Edinundfon, Elliott, Cn^li-h, Fanikinu,
1 j n<>icn<"\ Thomas J. 1). Fuller. Goodc, Greenwood. Aii'tih-
I: Ms Hall, Sampson W. II.uin, Thomas L. Hams, iiriberi,
i' Hickman, Nmi>ton, Jewett, Geoi^e W. Joue«, knit. KcHv\
! Kid well. Li tehei, Lumpkin. Samuel MaisiniU, Maxwell,
! McMnllnt, Simih ZVfillot, .Million, Mordecai Oliver, Oit.
Pock, Pholp-j, I'ouvlhRulhu, Pant, Saruhd^e. tfavaL"*. Sam-
t nf'l A. Smith, Stephens rftewait, Talboit, Vad, \Y\am'i,
, Wurkiiis, Wclh, Window, Damol I>. Wnght, and Jobn V .
\ Wri'jbr.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs Broom, John P. Campbell, (.\u-
] 3ile, Cox. Oulion, Iloniy Winter D<i\is. Ethendge, EiHtn.
i Evan-?, Fo-tor, J Morrison IIani«, Hotlman, Kennott,
1 Lake. Lmdley, Alexander K. Mar-hall, llumphrev ?.Iar-
1 '•hull,' Mnhvaid, Pavno, Porter, Eeacte, Readv, Iiieaud,
, RiVe>--=, William R tfmith, Bnocd, Swope, 'J'nppe, Undor-
: wond. Valk, Walker, Whitney, and Zolheollei.
i For Mr. Pennin?ton—Me^.-rri. Bi>hop, ClawoOn, Dunn,
1 Edwuids, Hanson. Mooie, Robbins, an.l frott.
! For Mi. J. Lrlun'cy Jor>e,—M"ssi < McQ.ueenandBoyce.
j Fir Mr. Williams ~Ml. Wheelei.
! For Mr. Thurdon—?rfi. ]>ienton.
I For Mr. Porter—Mr. Ilemv M. Fuller,
! Fyr My Ccruihcrs—Mr. Richardson.
i For Mr. VA'dSiaais.
' For Mr. (l-ntmati—Mi. Kriu.
! Mr. BRENTON. I desire to Eivail myxelf of
i the kindness of the House, for the purpose of
I making what is called hcrdxpersonal explanafioii.
' It is vni y seldom that I pay any attention to v^hat
i is said by newspaper editors or scribblers for or
i ogLiinst me, and more particularly when what is
| said against me comes from one opposed to me
- in politics. But, sir, when my position is mis-
represented by a professed political friend, when
what I have said has been misstated, and that with
a design to prejudice the minds of those whom I
represent, it is my duty to correct such misrepre-
sentations.
Mr. Clerk, 44 when in the course of human
events," a citizen occupying an humble and re-
tired position, is suddenly manufactured into a
great man, and is found unconsciously control-
ling the deliberations of a National Legislature,
" a decent respect for public opinion," [laughter,]
justice to himself and the country atlarge, requires
that lie should so far explain himself, that the
unwary may not fall beneath his magic power.
I find myself occupying this high position, with
all its fearful responsibilities. But, seriously, at
the commencement of this session I took a re-
tired seat, and steadily and quietly responded as
my name was called, "ay or no,*" "Campbell
or Banks," according to circumstances; and I
continued in this position up to the 5th day of
January. Then, it will be remembered, I ex-
pressed to the House my solicitude that there
should be a speedy organization, and I took oc-
casion to suggest the propriety, if an election
was not effected on that day, of casting about and
seeing if some one could not be found on whom a
majority of the House might concentrate their
votes, and thus effect that organization so earn-
estly desired by all, and imperiously demanded
by the interests of the country.
But, sir, to my surprise, I found that this
simple suggestion had produced not only a " pro-
found sensation," but "sadness and surprise,''
in the minds " of the true and steadfast men who
have been supporting Mr. Banks, in order to
elect him:" and further "the stragglers, trim-
mers, and bolters of all sorts," even the " avowed
and manful slavery extensionists," were filled
with ''exultation and joy;" while the whole
scone was one to be remembered to the end of
along life." Nor was this u.11; my suggestion
had the astonishing eiFcct of discouraging and
disappointing '4thc confident expectation of im-
mediate success," and of" paralyzing those Dem-
ocrats who ore ready to give us a plurality vote,
and thus end the struggle."
Now, sir, to those Democratic gentlemen whom
I have unwittingly afflicted with paralysis, I ad-
vise them very speedily to apply the hydropathic
remedy, 111 order that they may again be restored
to activity and sound health. [Laughter.] And
nowt^ show that I have been drawing 110 fancy
pietiffe, I will read a dispatch which was sent
off from this city on the day (Sunday) following
the remarks to which I have alluded. Here it
is:
<( Washington, January G, 1855.
" Mr. Rri;n'ton-s demon,-tiation against Mr. Banks, yes-
teulay, weaken* our eoniidont expectation of immediate
■siiece^, huf we still chensh hopes of an election to-morrow.
Some of our tnends who oimht to be heie have paired otF,
hut ( t-hall be very mueh disappointed if Mi. Banks is not
elected this? wi>ek I cannot iiear that any one propospg
to leave hnn, unless Mr. Buentov. Hh speech hints us
most by pnaljztn? tho-e Democrats' who are ready to give
ut a pluiahty vote, and thus end the stiuggle."
This, sir, was sent abroad on the wings of the
lightning, placing me in the position, as it were,
of ruling tin.* destinies of this House, and para-
lyzing the action of the Democratic party. Well,
sir, all I have to say on this point is, that I am
sorry they did not remain paralyzed a surficient
length of time to allow a majority to elect a
Speaker. [Laughter.] 1 am sorry 'the paralysis
did not operate more successfully m that respect.
I now read from a letter bearing date the 5th
of January—the unfortunate day on which my
greatness commenced:
"Tiie padne-'s and surprise evinced on the countenances
of the ttue and ^teadtu^t men who have been supporting
Mt- Haxjis 111 o>\loi to elect hnn; the exultation and joy
of the -tritr.rlcrs, inininci>, and bolteis of all sorts, as well
as 01 tile avowed and manful slavery ex:ensiomats 5 this
was a . eene t-> bo remembered to the <*nd of a long hie.5>
By this, taken in connection with the tele-
graphic announcement, you discover that I am
K'-illy elevated at once to the high position in
which I am controlling the action of this House
in their protracted struggle to elect a Speaker, and
making an impression that is to be indelible, and
establishing a fame that is to be perpetuated
during a long life."
Now, sir, I ao not feel that I am worthy to
bear such high honors alone. I am not willing
to be intrusted with so much power; and I am
