1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
957
war with the Indians in the Territories of Oregon
and Washington, where there are over twenty-
seven thousand Indians, as will be seen by the
reports of the Governors of said Territories, in
the years 1851 and 1854, if the policy which has
been commenced m said Territories, as stated by
General Wool, is to be carried out. But I will
not detain the committee. I desire a vote to be
taken; and therefore I conclude my remarks.
Mr. LANE. I should like, before the vote be
taken, to have a very short letter read from the
receiver of customs at Port Orford.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order now.
The question was taken on Mr. Lane's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to increase the appropriation $150,000. I
offer it for the purpose of making a few remarks.
I regret exceedingly, Mr. Chairman, to hear the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Sage] who last
addressed the House, in giving his views on this
subject, when he spoke of the vast amount of
money it had taken to determine the settlement
of the question m Florida, say that after that
war costing so many millions of dollars, this
House should pause and reflect, and see what it
was going to cost. Cost to do what, sir? To
preserve the people of theTerritories of our Gov-
ernment from the ruthless massacre of the sav-
age? Is it that which the gentleman desires the
House to pause, to reflect, and to consider upon ?
Are you not bound to give them protection ?
Would you undertake to calculate and to say that
that protection is to be refused because it would
cost a hundred millions of dollars, if you will?
Let it cost what it will; we owe them protection,
and it is our duty to protect them. The women
and children, and helpless people of those Terri-
tories are now surrounded by these Indians, and
gentlemen calmly and deliberately sit here and
talk about how much it will cost before they
order them to be protected. Let them be pro-
tected, be the cost what it may. It is the policy
of this Government, sir, to extend the American
Constitution and American liberties over the terri-
tory of North America; and when citizens from
all parts of the Union go out into these Territo-
ries for the purpose of settling them, so that the
country may becomc great and glorious, and
when they find themselves in conflict with the
savages, you find gentlemen who come here in a
sort of spirit of philanthropy, and tell you that
the people of the Territories instigated the war.
Did your fathers induce the war with the In-
dians ? When they came here the Indians were
very glad to see them, and treated them kindly; ,
but when they made indications of moving m
directions which the Indians did not desire, they
made aggressions upon them; and how unjust
would it have been on the part of those whose
duty it was to protect them to have said, without
investigating the circumstances, that the settlers
on the North American continent made the first
aggressions upon the savages ? There is a dispo-
sition abroad to discuss this question, andalways
has been; but whenever you go to investigate
how much money it is to cost to defend the peo-
ple of the Territories, you take upon yourselves
a work of supererogation which you will never
get through. The people of the Territories be-
long to you, because they go there to make the
country great, and it is your duty to protect
them.
1 regret exceedingly that the letter of General
Wool has been read. I regret it because it shows
bad taste on the part of General Wool. It con-
tains a fling at the volunteers of those Territories,
who are protectmgthe people. If we are to believe
the Delegates from those Territories who have
addressed the House, the volunteers were render-
ing the citizens protection while the army was
lying m comfortable quarters. These men are
now charged withfillibusterism; and why? Be-
cause they showed every disposition to fight for
the protection of the women and children.
These views, sir, incline me to vote for the
largest amount of appropriation which may be
considered necessary to carry on the defense of
the Territory. I send to the Clerk's desk a letter
which the gentleman from Oregon desires to have
read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Tort Orkokd, March 4, 1856.
Dear Sir; Since I last wrote you, the Indians from
Upper Rogue river have come down to the mouth; influ-
enced all the bands from Port Orford, on the coast, to join
them. Theymadean attack,<">nthenightof22d February,
on the settlers, miners, and a small company of volunteers,
cutting thein all to pieces, murdering others—the Indian
agent, Ben Wright, amongst them—laying waste the whole
country.
At Kogue nver a small number of miners, traders, and
others arc surrounded in a fort, and have ijo hope until the
United States troops can open the way. At Port Orfotd
everybody is "posted up," awaiting an attack—hourly
expected. All are enrolled, and keep a strict guard, i
am on picket every second night. Last night an Indian
attempted to pass a picket; made his escape after a close
fire.
The garrison here have a command of thirty men—
scarcely able to protect the military stores. Major Reynolds,
in command, is deseiving all praise for his promptness m
rendering every aid tor trie purpose of i epelhng the savages.
They now numbe* from four hundred to six hundred fighting
men, well armed—equal, man for man, to the whites.
Troops have bgen ordered; but I do not know that we
shall get them. Could we have a force, now, sufficient to
meet the enemy, an end could be put to the southern war
at once.
The Indians are led by a Canadian Indian and Frenchman,
foimerly of the Hudson Bay gang; a &hs ewd, brave fellow;
he is breaking up all file ftiendly relations between the
coast Indians and the United States. White women have
been taken piisoners—a Mrs. Gisle and little daughter ear-
ned off by the Indians. Things are in a horrid condition
here. One little squad of whites, in fort, at Rogue river;
one at PortOifoid and at Coose Bay; and likely to stay
so unless relieved by the United States troops. We are too
weak to help ourselves, or to hold out long so.
Yourfriend, in haste, B. W. DUNBAR.
To JosefhLane, Washington City, District of Columbia.
Mr. S\GE. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Louisiana, [Mr. Davidson ,] that I think he
couldnothave beenpayingmuch attention to what
I said, or he would never have come to the conclu-
sion that I was opposed to making the necessary
appropriation for the protection of the people
who reside in our Territories. I distinctly said
that I had always voted for these appropriations.
I voted for the ^300,000 appropriation, and I am
now ready to vote for this $1,000,000 appropri-
ation asked for in the Senate's amendment; but I
asked Congress to pause in the adoption of the
policy of indorsing the people of these Territories
in their wars against these Indians. That is what
I said; and if the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr.
Davidson] had paid attention to my remarks he
would not have attempted to convey the impres-
sion to the House that I was opposed to the
making of liberal appropriations for the protection
of the people of the Territories.
Mr. LANE. I desire the gentleman to say
rather, engaged in a war with the Indians for the
protection of the women and children of the Ter-
ritory.
Mr. SAGE. I doubt not that, since war has
broken out, and before that time, massacres and
outrages of the most heinous character have been
committed by these Indians. I know that there
is no controlling thern when they are once roused,
and it is with this knowledge of the Indian char-
acter that I was opposed to indorsing this policy
which must prove ruinous to the safety of the
people of these Territories.
In this connection I desire to call the attention
to General Wool's statement, and to ask if one
so distinguished in the service of his country, is
not to be believed m preference to newspaper par-
agraphs? I know him well, and know him in-
capable of intentional misstatement, and predict
that the result of his policy and management,
in the command of the army on the Pacfic, will be
be such as will add to his present brilliant fame,
while it will sorely disappoint his enemies.
Mr. ORR. I move to increase the appropria-
tion §'200,000. I do so for the purpose of making
avery brief reply to the remarks of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] made to-day, and for
the two or three past days. It seems that the
gentleman from Ohio has taken upon himself tlie
especial duty of looking after the expenses of this
Government, in all its military details. Well,
now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to suggest to that
gentleman, in all kindness, that it would be very j
well for him to post himself up ajittle better as !
to the facts before he speaks; or, if he is posted,
that he will exhibit a little more candor in detail-
ing those facts.
Now, it has been stated again and again upon
this floor, that these deficiencies—large, it is true
—have arisen in consequence of our being unex-
pectedly precipitated into two or three Indian wars.
I believe the gentleman from Ohio was a sup-
porter of the last Administration.
Mr. STANTON. What Administration ?
Mr. ORR. The Taylor and Fillmore admin*
istration. I believe the gentleman supported it.
Mr. STANTON. Very likely.
Mr. ORR. I believe the gentleman from Ohio
had not then gone into Abolitionism, or Repub-
licanism, or whatever boat he professes to- be
launched in now. Well, sir, if he will go to th6
deficiency bill passed the 12th of July, 1852, he
will find that, for items precisely of this charao
ter, precisely of this nature, there are, in tw6
sections, appropriated as deficiencies $1,685,000;
and, Mr. Chairman, if he will go back and ex-
amine the debates of the preceding Congress, he
will find that, under a more thorough scrutiny
than I have ever seen in this Hall, the House de-
termined to cut down the estimates made by the
Department of War for appropriations before the
commencement of the fiscal year? yet, sir, when
these officers had full knowledge of the fact that
only a certain sum had been appropriated, the
gentleman's friends, in open violation of th6 law
making the appropriations, went to work and
spent nearly two millions more than was appro-
priated, and, at the succeeding session, called
for the appropriations I have adverted to in the
deficiency bill of that session, amounting to
$1,685,000.
And what occurrod during that fiscal year to
justify that large deficiency ? If you will go back
to the record, you will find that the friends of the
Administration justified it upon the grounds that
the acquisition of a large extent of territory from
Mexico, and the settlement of California, Oregon,
and Washington, had extended our possessions
and consequently our Indian frontier far beyond
what it was before, and that it was impossible to
afford the citizens of the country living upon the
frontier that protection which they had the right
to claim at the hands of the Government, without
incurring large additional expenditures beyond
the appropriations.
But, sir, what is the condition of things now ?
War has broken out in California—you have a
war in Oregon which has devastated that whole
country, and in Washington it threatens to drive
out the whole population from the Territory.
They have nearly all resorted to the block-houses
to defend themselves against the Indians. We
hear also of war with the Indians in the Terri-
tory of New Mexico. Tn Florida you have an-
other war with the Indians. The Government
is trying to defend the citizens of the country
from these hostilities, and these additional expe-
ditions have become indispensably necessary for
that purpose.
But, the gentleman from Ohio stands up in his
place, and says he will refuse this appropriation,
and allow the Government to get along the best
way itcan. Mr. Chairman, I say to that gentle-
man that if he desires to wage a partisan war, he
had better commence it in some direction where
his warfare will be more efficacious, for there is
no portion of the American people who will re-
spond to or sympathize with him in the sentiment
of allowing men, women, and children to be
slaughtered by the ruthless hands of the savage,
that he may make political capital.
Now, Mr. Chairman, estimates have been sent
in herefrom the War Department. These esti-
mates show the necessity there is for the appro-
priations; but the gentleman from Ohio under-
takes to say that the Secretary of War, that Gen-
eral Jesup, and all the officers connected with that
Department, are not competent to judge, or that
they have been dishonest—that they have been
recreant to the trusts reposed in them by Con-
gress. That is the amount of his argument, if it
amounts to anything—that the administration of
the War Department was dishonest, or that they
did not know how to attend to the interests of the
country. Whose judgment will the House con-
fide in—the estimates of the Q,uartermaster-General
indorsed by the Secretary of War, who arc spe-
cially charged with these subjects, or the gentle-
man from Ohio, whose military reputation is not
yet well established ?
Air. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I do not
recognize the authority of the gentleman from
South Carolina to arraign me before the House
and the country for impertinence, in calling in
question the expenditures made by the War De-
partment or any other Department of this Gov-
ernment. It is a duty which I owe to my constit-
uents and to the public at large, to inquire whether
