m,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
J
subdivision of tlie future state—a state of pur-
gatory. -Now, sir, upon tliat point, as I never
found it in my primer, I am a Know Nothing.
[Laughter.] But of one tiling I am quite sure,
that, whatever may be the fact as to the future,
there is most decidedly a present state of purga-
tory, as all the candidates can attest, from then-
lively experience of the purgation they have un-
dergone on this occasion. [Renewed laughter.]
If f can be allowed to give in my personal expe-
rience, I may save some trouble by assuring the
Souse that one of the candidates, at least, is past
praying for. [R.oars of laughter.]
Mr. KENNETT. Mr. Clerk, I would like to
say one word in reply to the gentleman from
Kew Jersey, wlio seems so well posted up in his
catechism, and in regard to these future states—
the northern and southern sides of the line, and
purgatory. He has been kind enough to bind
some of us hand and foot here, and pitch us into
the dark place. I want to know of liim, with
regard to his catechism, whether, when he in-
formed us on Saturday last that he had got be-
yond -'effectual calling," he was also able to see
his " election sure ?" [Roars of laughter.]
Mr. PENNINGTON. I owe the gentleman
one. [Renewed and long continued laughter.]
' Mr. PENNINGTON to Mr. Kennett, in an
undertone. If it were not too irreverent, I
should have told you that my reliance is in " the
final perseverance of the saints."
The result of the vote was then announced as
recorded above.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Tellers weie called for; and Messrs. Foster
and Hoi,low ay were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes S4, noes 69.
So the motion was ujjreedto; and thereupon
(at ten minutes before tiu-ee o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned until to-morrow morning, at
twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jamurnj 15, 185G.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. VA.LK. I move that there be a call of
the House. There appear to be a good many
members absent this morning.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 calffor tellers.
Mr. LETCHER. YVe had better have the
yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas S3, nays 107; as follows;
YUAS—Messrs. Aikf'ft, AH"ii, Bark-^dale, IU-II, llrncUpy
Ii(;lincrt, Bocoek, Uiaiu-ll, Liuiom, I uinett, (Jud-
wahidoi, John P. Cumj'li.'ll, Cmble, Howell Cobb, Cox,
''l.age, Ci:!lr , Lavid.-on, Henvei, Dowdell, Dunn, ulholt,
Jslrgli.-li, fjVhh'-, Faulkner, Florence, lleniyM.
Fuller, Thoniii-; J. O. Fulb'i, Good", Au^Pftus Hull, J.
Mori.-on H;nn<, Sainton W. llari'M, Iiaia>on, iietbort,
Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Jrvvvtt, Gcotpo W. Jone ,
Kcitt, KWley, Kennett, KidWcil, LaLo, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Muco, Alexander K. Humphrey Mar-drill, Samuel
H. Marshal', Maxwell, Me<Vucen, Jrhmth IMilIci, Mdlsoii, i
Mulwaid, Moore, Nichols, Momceai Oliver, Paine, Peek, ,
Phcip-^, Porter, 0,'iitman, Rcade, Lienud, Richardson, lltil- !
liu.lliKt, Savage, rfcott. Wiih.en K. rfmilli, Sliced, Sic wait, .
Ta'lbott, Ciidcuvood, Valk, Wai':er, Warnei, Watkms,
Wheeler, Wiuslow, Damci B. Wnpin, J<>hn V. Wnylii, |
and Zoiiicoffer—83. !
NAYS—Messia. Albnglif. Allison, Banks, Barbour, i
Ileury Bennett, Benson, Lnhn^mrsi, I!i'i uunn, Buhop, ;
B1R-, Biadsshaw, Puonton, Buifmjaoii_. Builmgame, Jam s ■
H. Campbell, Lcavc; D. Campbell, <'ha Jibe, Claw-on, Cling- ;
man. Williamson R.W. Cohb,Co<iax, Coming Cramn.Cuui-
back. Timothy !)<n Day, Dean, Do Witt, Dick, Dickon,
UuUd, Cdie, Ld.uuudoOiu Ennie, Flagler, i'o-tei, |
G.dioway, Giddnw-, Gdheil. Greenwood, GiOW, Hubert 0.
I fall, ila>-!a*i, Tiioina< L. Hams, Ilolloway, Thomas It. !
Honon. Valci'iac \>. Honon. Ilowaul, Ilu^lnaon, KcUey, ,
KiiiiC, Kaapp, K.nchf, Kt.owlion, Knox, Leitor, Maitcson,
MeCartv, MeMuiI:n, M-MCuam, Mot^an. Monill, Norton,
Andrew Ohvoi. Otr. Parker. Pelton, Pennington, Pike,
Powell, Pintle, Pu< vii'K'e, Ready, Bitehie, River-, Hob- ,
ert^, Salmi, Sandidee. Jjapp, fc?hoini,s.n, Simmons, 1
fcJamuol A. Smuli, ^pmnur, ^taj^oi', ^tvphsjn^, Stianahan, :
Tap;>an. 'I'hoiTau. 'i'odd, Tfation, Tnpjic,
Vvson, V:.d, Wade, 'Walbn-I^o, TvValdioi:, Calwaladyr C.
WiHlibnrne. Elii!'ii r,. U''a-iio,itne. Kmc! Washburn, Wat-
son, Wliiu.o}, Wilhasr^, Woouriui, and Woodwoilli—107.
So a call of the House was reiused.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. dUITMAN. Mr. Ckrk, ] iun not much
in the liaLit of explaining my action in this
House, but I feel it due to others as -well as my-
self to explain the reasons for my withholding
yesterday on two ballots my vote from the honor-
able gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
I have not at any time had the slightest distrust
of that gentleman, nor did I at any moment ceasc
to have the fullest confidence in him, both per-
sonally and politically. I did not doubt, at any
time after the explanations which he made upon
this floor on Saturday, that that gentleman would
administer the duties of the chair, should he be
elected Speaker, in a manner entirely satisfactory
to myself and to that section of the Union from
which I come, and in accordance with my views
of the Constitution of the United States and the
equality of the States. I never had any doubt
upon that subject. But it occurred to me, upon
reading carefully on yesterday morning the ex-
planations made by the honorable gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Richardson,] on Saturday last, I
might be considered as indorsing all his opinions
by voting for him. Although I have never before
had the honor of holding a seat on this floor, yet
my political opinions have been recorded in my
own State, and it may be that they are somewhat
known to the people of the United States. I
have some pride of consistency upon subjects of
political principles.
I know that that gallant gentleman has, for
seven years past, struggled in this House and
elsewhere for the equal rights of the States of
this Union. I honor him for this. "With his
usual candor, he declared here on Saturday, that
although he believed there might be a naked con-
stitutional power in the Federal Government to
restrict slavery in the Territories, yet ho consid-
ered that the exercise of such power would be
unjust and wrong; and thus far I infer that he
regards such act in violation of the spirit of the
Constitution: practically, this is sufficient. But
I hold that as the principle of the equality of the
States is fundamental in our system, any act sub-
versive of it is unconstitutional. Congress has
r.o more power to violate that equality than to
destroy a State. My opinions on this subject
may be ultra, but they are not merely sectional. I
would apply them ax well to Massachusetts and
Vermont, as to Mississippi and Louisiana. It
is true, that we who reside in the minority section
are more deeply interested in the protection of
the reserved rights of the States than those who
control the power of the Government, and arc
thus enabled to protect themselves. We must
therefore be excused for insisting upon princi-
ples, though I hey may not be attended with imme-
diate practical results; and I am free to admit
that I have more confidence in one who, like the
gentleman from Illinois, deems the exercise of
this power wrong and unjust, and would there-
fore oppose it, than in one who believes it to be
against the letter of the Constitution, but would
otherwise favor its exorcise.
Thus concurring to a great extent in the po-
sitions which the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois has avowed, and upon which lie has feailessly
dieted heretofore, I find myself differing from him
on this point only—that I believe it to be both
against the letter and the spirit of the Constitu-
tion for Congress to attempt to shut out from
all or any part of the common territory the insti-
tution of negro slavery.
On the other point indirectly presented, I hold
that tile inhabitants of the Territories, when they
become a people m the technical sense of the
word, and not until then, arc entitled to establish
political systems. Until by the assent, express or
implied, of Congress, the people of a portion of
the common territory of these States assume the
exercise of sovereign powers, they have no right,
or power to impair the rights of the citizens of
any of the States to the equal use, occupation, and
enjoyment of the common territory of the States.
When their territorial condition ceases, when
they assume the exercise of sovereign powers,
they have the entire control of the political sys-
tem and the political institutions under which
they are to live. They should be left free to
choose for themselves their domestic institutions.
I should consider myself as derelict to my duty,
in voting against the admission of a State beenuse
she chose to exclude the institutions of my own
section of country, as [ would in voting to ex-
clude her from a participation in the common
benefits of the Federal Union, because, in the
formation of her State constitution, she chose to
adopt the institution of slavery.
Thus, while I have thought proper briefly to
express my dissent*from some of the views of
the honorable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Rich-
ardson,] I must express my full confidence in
him. I am entirely satisfied that he will do all
that I could ask for the constitutional rights of
the section of country which I represent, and for
the constitutional rights of all sections of the
country. I believe his position is preferable to
any other candidate upon this floor, and for that
reason I shall heartily support him hereafter, so
long as there is any prospect of his election, and
so long as some other course shall not he adopted;
and in doing so, I beg to say, I shall discharge a
duty to my own conscience, to my own constit-
uents, and, as I believe, my duty to the whole of
this great country.
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to vote the one
hundred and twelfth time for Speaker, with the
following result: Whole number of votes cast,
207; necessary to a choice, 104; of which—
Nathaniel P. Bauk-i received 92
William A. Richardson 65
Henry M. Fuller 34
Alexander C. M. Pennington  8
John Cadwalader  2
James L. On S
John Williams  1
John A. Quitman 1
Gilclnist Poiter   1
Benjamin E. Thuif ton   1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—ivies-srs. Albn<rht, Alli-on, Ball, Eaihour,
Ilemy llwmeit, Beir.on, Ijiihii^lmi-i, Bjuijliam, Oij&fc, Euul-
fchaw, Uudin^ton, Jame< 11 ('.nophi !l, Lewi-;
i). Campbell, Chalice, Coh'ax, (Vmun^. Cruni:i. Cumb'ick,
Daiitrfl!, Timoifu Dovi-, Lay, Dean. I)e V\ iff. Di •!;. L.'-k-
t-on, Do'dtl, Lurl'ee, Liiie, Kmue, H'l-vilor, Oai'owav, Gul-
tlmffs, Gilbeil, Grai!^<M, Chow, Hubert tL Ifail, il-man,
Holloway,Thomas II. Hortoa. Valentine 1L Uoiton, Iiow-
a;d, Ilu^hston, KeLsey, Iun<?, Kuupp, Knight, Kmnvltoji,
Knox, Loiter. Mace, Mntts^on, McOnrfy, Meacham, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Nichols, Not ton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pel-
ton, Pennington, i'ettit, Pike, I'urviancc, Ritelne,
llobcite, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, ^nnmons, Spmnoi,
Stanton, Htranahan, Tapp.'ui, Thomi'ilon. Tltui: ton. Todd,
Tiafton, Tyson, Wade, Walbrul^e, Wahhon. ■Cadwalader
C. Wa^hbuine, Ellihu B. Wa-'hlmine, sMael Washburn,
WatfrOn, Wood, Woodruff, and U'ui-ilvv'm ai.
For Mr. Rf !iurd\oit — Aiken, Allen, Harclay,
Baik-dale, Bell, Hundley H. Bennett, Bocock, fiuwio,
BianebjIJiuncct, Cadwalader, Oaruthcis. Cbncunan, Lowell
Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb. Ciai?<\ Laviu&on, Deuvci,
Dowdcil, Edmimdtson,Elliott,EuiiliHli.Fuuiknei, Florence,
Thomas J. !). Fulba, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
Hampton \V UnioV, Thoinai L Hams, Ilcib?. t, fJi"kman7
Houston, J ewett.Gcor're VV. Jones-, Kelly, Krlwvll, L<>n-!i-
ei, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar.-hall, Maxwell, Me.Mulhn,
>;umb Vltllri, Million, Moidi-cai GIivm. On\ J'cciv, Phelps,
Powoll, (imjmfin, Itiillh', IvU->t, ;%ni'b lie. iMmm.-i
A. iNimh, Stvphetir, Stewait, TMbott, V.nl, Wuikt, Wet-
kins Wells, Wm&low, Daniel XL Wngiu, and Jobn V.
Wright.
For Mr. Fuller — Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell,
Caihle, Bayard Ciaik, Co.\, Calien, [loniy Wmter Davi-?,
Ethendae, Eush*-, Evans, Fo->t-%r, J. IMoi-n^on Harris, Hoff-
man, Kennett, Jjakf, Lmdley, Ah%;-:ander CC. Man'ial],
Humphrey Mar.-iiall, r>I.il\rnrd, Panic, Poifr, R^ade,
Ready, Uicaud, Rivera, William II. Sirnth, Suced, yivojH',
Tnppe, Undoiwood, Valk, Walkoi, Wliiu;cy, and Zolii-
colfer.
For Mr. Pcn-vnston — No^x*. "P-iVhop, C!av\>on, Dunn,
EduardIlai ii>on, [Mooic, Ilobbni and boost.
For Mr. Cnrf•uthu1c> —riIcQ.!;"-'jn and Boyce.
For Mr. Grr—Mc.;-;Wihiam.-. and Iticiiard^on.
For Mr. WiJl:'~ivi<=—Mr. \V3ieoler.
For Mr. (lu'dmon—Mi. Kout.
For Mr. Porter—ML Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Thunion—Mr. jiienton. •
Mr. SAGE (when his name was called) said
that Mr. Casxie had paired off withMr.RoBisoM-.
Mr. MILLSON (whun his name was called)
said: I have been voting for Mr. XIiciiaiidson
for upwards of .'six weeks. I have voted for him
more than a hundred times. I have supported
him on every HM. 1 have thus given proofs
which, perhaps, in the history >>f the world, wen*
never given befoie. of a sincere desire to elect
him to the high position for which he has been
proposed as a candidate. Upon which party, or
what persons, the bian>e of a failure to ek'ct
should fall, or whether on any, it would be yam
to Linpare. One tiling I know: that there is a
separate and equal responsibility upon every
sneiabcr of this body to elect the necessary o(Ti-
con? of this House, and to proceed to the dispatch
of the public business. I do n^t a«m: with those
gentlemen who say that they wiU vote for none
other than Mr. Richardson". I do not agree
with those gentlemen who, if they have not said
in words, lui"ve at lea^t proclaimed in their votes,
