958
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17,
these appropriations are necessary, whether they
are proper or not; and it does not lie in any gentle-
man's mouth to arraign me for impertinence,
because I see fit to exercise that privilege. I shall
be glad, too, to know by what warrant the gen-
tleman charges me with saying that women and
children may be murdered for want of an appro-
priation of this sort. He cannot find any such
language coming from me. No such sentiment
ever found a resting place in my heart. No, sir.
What I do say, ana what I have maintained from
the beginning of this discussion to the present
time, is, that the Constitution has intrusted this
House and this Congress with the purse-strings
of the nation; and I have said what! now repeat,
that we are false to our trust, that we do not dis-
chai-ge the duty reposed in us by the Constitu-
tion, if we allow the expenditures of the Admin-
istration to go on without regard to, or limitation
by, past appropriations.
Mr. ORR. 1 will call the gentleman's attention
to a remark of his printed in the Globe:
" I want to know more about the details; T want to un-
derstand this business better. I would reject this appropri-
ation, and letthe Administration go on the best way it can."
Mr. STANTON. I do not understand that
that remark justifies* the charge made against me
by the gentleman from South Carolina. I do not
regard these appropriations as necessary for car-
rying on any such war. What 1 say is, that this
money is squandered. I have pointed out and
specified that $67,000 of this money is in the
hands of disbursing officers, who have failed to
account to the Department for the money placed
in their hands. 1 have shown, from the official
reports accompanying the report of the Secretary
of War, that, in the opinion of the officers who
disbursed the money, $'206,000 was unnecessarily
spent because of the troops being kept in a more
expensive country than tho service demanded.
Mr. ORR. Does the gentleman mean to charge
that the officers who have the $67,000 referred to
in their hands are defaulters?
Mr. STANTON. I mean to charge that they
have rendered no account of it.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman means to say, then,
that their accounts are not yet settled.
Mr. STANTON. I say that they have not
rendered their accounts, and I rely on the records
to which I have referred to justify the charge.
The time has passed when they ought to have
accounted tor the money. Some are suspended
from the further receipt or disbursement of the
public money; others are not. I submit to -you,
Mr. Chairman, to the committee, and to the coun-
try, that, when an Administration comes here,and
asks such appropriations as these, it is not only
my duty, but the duty of every gentleman to in-
quire into the application of the money already
votul.
One word in regard to my position as to the
administration of Mr. Fillmore. The gentleman
seems to think himself safe if ho can place this
Administration upon the same footing as that of
Mr. Fillmore in regard to public expenditures.
Mr. ORR. No, sir.
Mr. STANTON. 1 never felt myself bound
to support the appropriations reported for the
support of that Administration; and I think the
gentleman will find that I voted against these
deficiencies then.
Mr. ORR. It is true the gentleman did vote
against the deficiency bill; but on one of the test
votes, when his vote, with others, might have
killed the bill, if he had voted with me the bill
would have been tabled. The gentleman voted
against laying it upon the table. I have the rec-
ord before me.
Mr. STANTON. I do not recollect how it is.
I have not been tracking up anybody. [Laugh-
ter.] Did the gentleman vote with me?
Mr. ORR. I did, except aa to laying upon the
table. I voted to lay upon the table. I had been
here in the previous session, and had helped to
cut down the appropriations, and I then thought
that the Administration ought to have conformed
to the action of Congress.
Mr. STANTON. The difference between the
gentleman and myself is this: I voted then as I
do now. He voted against an Administration
opposed to him, and now supports an Adminis-
tration in his favor.
Mr. ORR, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. STANTON called for tellers on the Sen-
ate's amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkner
and Ritchie were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 67, noes not counted.
So the thirty-third amendment of the Senate
was disagreed to.
The thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate was
reported by the Clerk, as follows:
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme, circuit, and
district courts of the United States, including the District
of Columbia; also for juror? and witnesses m aid of the
funds arising from fines, penalties, and forlcitures incurred
in the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1856, and pre-
vious years; and likewise for defraying the expenses of
suits m winch the United States are concerned, and of
prosecutions for offenses committed against the United
States, and for the safe-keeping of prisoners, {$200,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a concurrence. There is a
deficiency in the judiciary fund of the amount of
the appropriation. 1 have a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, recommending the appro-
priation.
The amendment was concurred in.
The thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate was
then road, as follows:
For the collection of agricultural statistics, investigations
fot promoting aguculture and ruial economy, and the pio-
cuiemcnt and distribution of cuttings and seeds, to be ex-
pended under the duection of the Commissioner of Patents,
$30,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend by striking
out the word <£ twenty," merely for the purpose
of expressing the conclusion of the Committee of
Ways and Means upon this amendment, and the
reasons which induced that committee to recom-
mend a non-concurrence.
I invite the attention of the committee to the
eighty-first rule, which provides that
"No appropriation shall be repotted in such appropri-
ation bill, or be in Older us an amendment llicteto, lor any
expenditure not previously authorized bylaw."
The Committee of Ways and Means, in the
discharge of its duty, has endeavored to conform
its action to this rule of the House, without de-
ciding upon the amendments which the Senate
have made to this bill, according to their own
views of the propriety or impropriety of the same.
Therefore, as this expenditure was not author-
ized by law, the Committee of Ways and Means
recommend a non-concurrence in it, and it is for
the committee to say what they will do with it.
Mr. CAMPRELL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Chairman, I regret that it becomes necessary for
me to differ with a majority of the Committee of
Ways and Means, of which I am a member, in
their recommendation to non-concur in the Sen-
ate amendment now before us, proposing to make
an appropriation of $20,000 for the collection and
distribution throughout the country of valuable
agricultural productions, grains, seeds and plants,
as well as for the purpose of collecting, digesting,
ami arranging piactical and scientific informa-
tion, and for the dissemination of the same over
our great agricultural country.
Our first interest as a nation is that of the cul-
tivation of the soil. Our national prosperity and
greatness depend on this. Labor is the original
source of weahh, and from labor properly in-
stiucted, properly applied, and justly protected,
flows national prosperity, national greatness, and
national renown. Little, then, does it become the
representatives of a great industrial people to
vote millions for all the engines of destruction,
troops, and steamships, and fortifications, and
refuse a small appropriation for a great purpose—
an appropriation for that which supports and
sustains all the rest, and adds millions to our
national Treasury.
The gold of California did something to sustain
the sinking fortunes of the country, resulting from
the repeal of a wise revenue law but a few years
since. Eut all the gold of California could not
then have sustained the heavy demand made upon
the resources of the land, if the farming interests
had not brought forward millions of bushels of
grain, and corn, and potatoes, to feed the starv-
ing nations of the Old World; the proceeds of
which checked the heavy demand made on us to
pay for foreign labor and foreign production,
under a most unwise and unjust system of legis-
lation, anti-American in its inception, and with-
ering in its results. Let us, then, be wise, and
foster our farming interests. Let science, ap-
plied to the culture of the earth, go hand in hand
with practical labor, and let us still further en-
courage, protect, and elevate the noblest race of
men God ever placed upon his footstool—the
laborious, free, and independent American farmer.
The sons of the soil, the bulwaiks of your na-
tional independence—from them must comc, aa
it came in times past, your main defense in the
hour of trial, as from them comes your country's
prosperity. I am for protecting all the industrial
classes, and for standing by the American farmer,
laborer, and mechanic, and giving them that en-
couragement which it was intended they should
receive from Government. We want practical
information and scientific investigation, and we
have them now in some degree in the agricultural
branch of the Patent Office, and in able hands; but
we can secure them to a much greater extent. In
England, chemistry has long since been brought
to bear on agriculture in the proper department.
There everything is analyzed, and its chemical
properties made known. The grasses, the soils,
even the stomach of the calf, does not escape
minute investigation; would it were so here!
Scientific and practical men have proposed to ex-
tend to the cultivation of the soil the system of
meteorological observations, to which so much of
public attention has of late been called. In this
connection I will send to the Clerk's desk, and
ask that it may be read for the information of the
House, a resolution adopted by the Lancaster
County Agricultural Society, from my own State,
and which will show that the community have
had their attention called to this interesting subject.
"Resolved, That this society cordially approves of the
plan proposed by Lieutenant Maury, m the Augustnumber
ol the < American Farmer,' for extending to the land, for
the benefit of agriculture, the system of meteorological
observations, which have done so much for the mipiove-
inent of navigation and commerce; that we commend
the plan to the favoiable cons.id<-iatjon of our biothci fann-
ers in this and other States, and request the members of
Congtess fiom om own State to ptocuie that degree ofen-
coiuagemrnt for agricultural and sanitary meteorology,
winch h;H been wisely and beneficially applied to the
meteoiolosjy of the seas; and. that the corresponding sec-
retary of tins society be, and he isheieby, requested to tor-
waid a copy of this ie?olution to each member of the con-
gressional delegation from this State "
Mr. Chairman, we have legislated for the Army
and Navy, for old soldiers, and soldiers who are
not so old, for sailors and pensioners—we have
made speeches for the presidential campaign, and
speeches that will never be heard of m that cam-
paign—have made appropriations for the Mili-
tary Academy, and refused one for the Washing-
ton aqueduct, (which I trust will yet pass,) now
let us do something for the farmers. Let us make
the appropriation now in this deficiency bill, in
order that the purchases of foreign seeds may be
made at an early day, and distributed in good
time. It has been said that he who causes a blade
of grass to grow where none grew before, is a
philanthropist. Let us all, then, make ourselves
philanthropists to-day, and by this appropriation
cause millions of blades of grass to grow where
none grew before; and make our great land, by
a wise system of national education and national
culture, more great, more powerful, more re-
nowned than it now is. I trust, the Senate amend-
ment will be concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to withdraw the
amendment which I offered. It was only made
pro forma, and I hope the committee will proceed
immediately to vote upon concurring in the Sen-
ate's amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire, Mr. Chairman,
merely to say a word or two as to my understand-
ing of this appropriation as a deficiency, and as
to the necessity of making the appropriation; and
to enable me to do so, I move to increase the ap-
propriation one dollar.
The amount of appropriation made at the last
session of Congress, if my memory serves me
right, was $20,000 for the purchase of seeds and
cuttings. The experience of every gentleman
upon this floor is, I have no doubt, that they had
each of them more applications from their con-
stituents for seeds and cuttings, than could be
supplied by application at the Patent Office. If
there ever was a deficiency—ever an appropria-
tion which failed to answer its purpose, it is this.
There has been a deficiency, then, in this appro-
priation, and this amount, is to supply that
deficiency. I agree with my colleague over the
way in all he has said as to the necessity of this
