1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1883
ated by Congress for the improvement of rivers !
in Virginia, because I have not examined it; but I
I will aver the fact, that no money has ever been 1
appropriated by Congress for the improvement j
of rivers and harbors m Virginia with the vote !
of the "Virginia delegation in either House, at any ;
time. ;
Mr. PUGH. My friend will understand .that j
I made no issue upon that point. '
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Virginia is ;
mistaken. I was in the House of Representa-
tives at the,time when it was done; and the Vir-
ginia delegation did vote in a body to put on a
general river and harbor bill an amendment for
the Appomattox and James rivers. They voted
against the whole bill.
Mr. MASON. Ah! certainly they did.
Mr. STUART. But they voted to put on the
amendment, and it could not have been put on
without their votes.
Mr. MASON. Certainly they did. The Sen-
ator from Michigan undertakes to correct me.
Now, 1 aver again, that no money ever appro-
priated'by Congress to be expended upon rivers
and haibors in Virginia has been appropriated by
the vote of the delegation of Virginia in either
House. The Senator from Michigan undertakes
to correct me by saying that, m an appropriation
bill  upon a proposition to put in an yppropiiation :
for the State of Vhgmia, the delegation from Vir- j
gmia voted to insert the amendment, and admits
then that thev voted against the bill. What made
the appropriation ? The passage of the bill.
Mr. STUART. Of course.
Mr. MASON. Very well. Now, when the
Senator undertakes to correct me again, let him
correct me in facts. ;
Mr. STUART. This point will always remain j
a matter of opinion between the Senator from Vir- 1
gunaand myself. I fought the delegation fioin ;
Virginia upon this question, in the other House, j
for more than tluee hours. The chairman of the j
committee, a gentleman from New ^ ork, yielded ]
against my protestation. He said he had assur- j
ances from the delegation that they would vote
for the bill. I told him not a man of them would '
do it. When theyprcssed it for more than three
hours, and by their eflorts placed i% in the bill, 1 .
hold them responsible for the appropriation. j
Mr. MASON. The Senator may hold what;
he pleases. The appropriation of money is by ;
the passage of the bill; and tf they vote against -
the passage of the. bill, the fact is, that they vote j
against the appropriation of the money. I do ;
not know anything about the instances cited fiom !
the report of the Secretary of War. It may be j
that money was appiopnated by the Federal t
Government; but, unless it is expected of the \
State of Virginia that she shall pass a domestic j
Jaw, a State law, piohibitmg the Federal officers i
fiom cuming into the State, and interfering with |
her rivers and her harbors, by the expenditure of j
the public money, how is Virginia to control
Congress? I ask the question.
Sir, from the earliest days of this Republic
the State of Virginia has set her face decidedly
gainst appropriations of this character. 1 chal-
lenge gentlemen to point me to a single instance
wheie the delegation in either House from the
State of Virginia have asked for an appiopria-
tion—I mean by the passage of a bill to carry it. j
It may very well be—how it would be amongst >
casuists I do not know, and I will not go into the j
casuistry of the question—that if there be an !
omnibus bill here, as there has been at former,
sessions, appropriating millions of dollars for |
this vState, and the other State, and this harbor
and that river, and it is proposed by one of the ,
committees to put £000,000 m for the .Tames river, |
or ">j0,000 for the Appomattox river, they would
vote foi the amendment. Whetherin casuistry, '
upon d nice calculation of the equilibrium of
political mo;als, it devolves on the Virginia dele-
gation to vote against putting it in, because we ,
shall vote against the bill, put in what you may, ;
1 shall not undertake to say. It is a question of |
pure casuistry. They vote against the bill, and ;
I am not aware of any instance, m any Congress, '
ah urbe condda, where the State of Virginia asked '
an appropriation of one dollar, to be expended
within her limits for the improvement of any i
river or any harbor. J will say more: repre-
senting the State of Virginia here, as I do, with
my honorable colleague, if we could be tempted
to vote for a dollar, we should be repudiated at
home, and justly, because we should have aban-
doned the faith of our fathers, and the established
construction of the Federal compact amongst us.
Now, I do not know whether it be true or not—
the honorable Senator from Ohio,who has adduced
the instance, has not given us the bill in which
the appropriation was made 
Mr. PUGH. I read from the report of the
Secretary of War.
Mr. MASON. Whether the money came
from the Federal Government, or whether it was
money raised in any other way, and applied by
the Secretary of War, I do not know.
Mr. PUGH. He would hardly have reported
that to Congress. It wa& money appropmted by
the Government.
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to deny it, for I
have not examined it; but I do not know of any
process yet known to the laws of Virginia, by
which the officers of the government of Virginia
can go and stop the Federal officers from inter-
fering with their rivers and harbors. 1 do not
know that such a law may not be passed; for we
have been told, and strongly told, by the honor-
able Senator from Illinois just now, that if we
expect to stop the abuses of this system—that
was his language—we must resort to the means
which lie, I thniK, as a statesman, proposed some
years ago, ro authorize the States to lay tonnage
duties for the purpose of making these improve-
ments. I remember very well when he intro-
duced that bill, and T recollect with how little
favor it wa^eceived here. I rNnember the able,
patriotic, and statesmanlike speech with winch
the Senator from Illinois sustained it. He tells
us to-day, and tells us as a statesman aiid a pat-
riot, that it is the only way to stop the abuses of
the system. Now, sir, I do not know how far
these abuses must go before the States may be
called upon to interpose by State legislation to
prevent the Federal officers from coming within
the limits of the State, and expendingpubhc money
which is sent there to debauch her. We have no
such law at present in Virgmnt. When we shall
have such a law will depend on the extent to
which the abus^P maybe earned. Rut 1 can very
well understand that, if the planting and produc-
ing States who pay the largest portion of the Fed-
eral re\enue, aie to find the common treasure
lavished the call of the localities where popula-
tion is, as we .say m dti'ianco of constitutional
restraint, and we yet continue in this Union, the
time may come when State legislation will be
necessary to pre\ent the Fedeial officers from
coming there to expend the Federal money. We
have no such law at present.
Mr. BROD1IEAD. Let me suggest to my
friend from Virginia that it is now very late; it
is a waimday,and 1 think we had better adjourn.
I move, therefore, that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. STUART. Will the Senator allow me a
moment ?
Mr. I2RODIJEAD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. MASON. I had the lloor.
Mr. STUART. I shall agree to the adjourn-
ment; but I desire to express the hope that the
Senate will to-morrow sit long enough to settle
and decu' > these questions.
Mr T;uOL)lIFAD. I n now my motion.
Tin- i.iuuon was agieed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, July 30, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Hexry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THOMAS J. CHURCHILL.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate—a thing which, 1 believe,! seldom do—to
take up and pass a bill whidi is very necessary
for the relief of one of my constituents. I believe
that it is such a clear case that it will excite no
debate. I will state the facts.
The first Kentucky regiment, under Colonel
Humphrey Marshall, was mustered into the ser-
vice during the war with Mexico. Amongst the
number was Mr. Churchill, a lieutenant in one of
the companies. They mai ched to the Rio Grande,
engaged m a number of battles; and after they
passed the Rio Grande, a portion of one of the
companies were taken prisoners. Previous to that
, time, Mr, Churchill, in the absence of a commis-
sary, and also after the death of a quartermaster,
was temporarily appointed to fill these two places.
He was thus acting at the time when he was
taken prisoner, and some of the Government
property came into his possession. For this he
was held responsible at the Department. The
account is for fuel, mules, wagons, harness,&c.,
$3,104 46, subsistence and funds turned over to
lum, $621 41, and for his own saber and one pair
of pistols, with which, as lieutenant ia the ser-
vice, he was armed, $32. At the time when he
was taken prisoner, of course he could have had
none of these things with him. He was held as
& prisoner until the war with Mexico was con-
cluded. He was then released, and delivered
over to General Scott as one of the prisoners
exchanged.
Under these circumstances, the Treasury De-
partment have an account against him for this
amount of $3,748 87. "When he was released,
the pait of the Kentucky regiment of which he
was a member, and for winch he had been acting
quartermaster and commissary for two or three
months, (and it was during that time this prop-
erty came into his hands,) had long been dis-
banded. He found, also, on inquiring into his
accounts, that after he was taken prisoner the
colonel of the regiment gathered up all the vouch-
ers he could find, and carried them home to
Kentucky. The year after Colonel Marshall
got there, and before Mr. Cliurchhill could get
home, Colonel Marshall's house burnt down,
with everything in it. The statement of the
colonel is heA, showing the facts which I have
now stated.
The Treasury Department calls on Mr.
Churchill to pay over to the Government of the
United States for forage, mules, wagons, harness,
&c., articles which he never could have converted
to his own use, $3,104, and $62 for subsistence,
which, as Colonel Marshall soys, fiom the
known character of Mr. Churchill, it is impossi-
ble could have been used in any other way than
for the benefit of the Government. lie has also
an account for his personal aims, a saber and
pair of pistols, which were of course taken by
the enemy at the time he was captured.
1 a^k, now, for the passage of this bill for his
relief, under the circumstances, in order that he
may be relieved from further liability Having
been detained as a prisoner it was impossible that
he could protect himself; and the house of the
colonel of the regiment having been burned, all
the vouchers were consumned. We have this
on the testimony of the colonel, which can be
read, if the Senate desires to hear it. I ask that
the bill may be passed to relieve him from what
must stand as an exceeding hardship against
him.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
3G1) for the relief of Thomas .T. Churchill, late a
lieutenant in the first Kentucky regiment of vol-
unteers, was read a second time, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize and direct the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury m settling the
accounts of Thomas J. Churchill, late a lieuten-
ant m the first Kentucky regiment of volunteers,
and acting commissary and quartermastei during
the war with Mexico, to allow him a credit in
full for whatever amount maybe charged against
him upon the books of the Treasury Department,
as such commissary and Quartermaster, in the
same manner as if he had presented vouchers
therefor, all his accounts and vouchers having
been lost or destroyed during his imprisonment
by the Mexicans in the year ltJ47.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AIV13 MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Joseph
E. Holmes and his associates, praying for an act
of incorporation for the Washington Paper Mill
Company, in the District of Columbia, which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire, presented the
petition of Noah Smith, a soldier in the war of
1812, praying to be allowed a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
Henry L. Goodwin, complaining of certain regu-
