1.856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
their determination to vote for none other than
Mr. Banks or Mr. Fuller. I do not agree in
the opinion expressed here ones or twice, that
the Government may be carried on very success-
fully even though this House may fail to perfect
its organization. I think the experiment would
fail, but it would be still more disastrous if it
did not. I do not want such an experiment to
be a successful one. A king of England once
attempted to carry on the Government without
the aid of Parliament, but the people of England
determined that he should not. I do not want
an American President more successful in such
an experiment than was the British king.
Sir, there are many gentlemen in this House
for whom I would cheerfully vote. There are
others for whom, if not cheerfully, I would at
least willingly vote. In giving my vote again
for Mr. Richardson, I do not want to be consid-
ered as in any degree approving of the determ-
ination of gentlemen to vote for none but him.
I have voted, as the House knows, and as my
friend from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] knows,
cheerfully and earnestly for that gentleman; but
I never intended my vote to be regarded as a rati-
fication or approval of all the opinions entertained
by him. I knew we differed on some subjects,
but I was contented to differ; and this difference
of opinion in no degree lessened my confidence
in his integrity, ability, and capacity.
As the gentlemen with whom I have been "as-
sociated, as I am informed, have again declared
their determination to adhere to the original can-
didate of their caucus nomination, I desire to pro-
tect myself against any inference that I approve
of that determination. We have already spent
too much time in ineffectual efforts to elect one I
gentleman. I am not willing to allow the affairs |
of the country, both foreign and domestic, to fall j
into confusion, rather than have the House or- |
ganized under the leadership of any other than a
single indicated gentleman. I am willing now,
as I have always been, to concur in any proper
conservative organization of the House; and, in
now again voting for Mr. Richardson, I desire
it to be distinctly understood that I am in nowise
committed to the policy which seems to pledge
gentlemen to only a single course; and I will bo
hereafter, as heretofore, free to dispose of my
vote where it can be effectively felt; but, in the
present condition of things, my single vote for any
other person could produce 110 useful result.
I think, sir, perhaps too much importance is
attached to the choice of a Speaker. The Speaker
is not the representative of gentlemen upon this
floor. We do not become his constituents. I£
is not absolutely necessary that he should concur
with us upon all questions. He is the Representa-
tive of his district, and would remain the Repre-
sentative of his district after his elevation to the
Speaker's chair. We, then, arc not his constit-
uents, and have no right, perhaps, to ask a rigid
conformity to all our views. One thing is cer-
tain: if the Speaker is to bo the representative of
a principle, then we never shall have one, because
there is 110 principle which controls a majority of
the members of this House. I vote for Mr. Rich- i
ardson.
The result of the vote was announced as above.
The House then proceeded to vote the one
hundred and thirteenth time for Speaker, with
the following result: Whole number of votes
cast, 20C; necessary to a choice, 104; of which—
Natliarael P. Banks l-eceiveit '■)>-
William A. Iticliardson  60
Henry M. Fuller 33
Alexandei C. M. Pennington  8
John (Jadwakulei    2
Orr  2
John Wtihamh  J |
Gjk-lhi.r Poiter  1 I
llonjamm B. Tliuraton    1 1
John A. Q.mfman  1 j
So there was no clioicc. !
The following is the vote in detail: j
For Mr JJ'rn1:-, — Al'irr.'ht, Alh-o'i, Daibore. '
Henry Bennett, ijcu-.ou, r>illiu[jhurit, Ih^ham, j
Bradshaw. Uulhnston, iJinhn^uine, Jaaicj IJ. Campbell,
Lowij 1), Campbell. Chi.lIVj, Colfax. Coimn-. Cum- !
back, Da,mreji, Timothy 0 wis, 3)a>, Dean, Do Witt; Dsek, j
Dickson, Dodd. Dimee, Ed'C, Einne, Flakier, j
Guiding, Giibeit, O'uirer.t. Glow. Uohot 15. Hall, ilailan, ,
lTo!lo'.viy, Thomas Tt. Ilo>-ton, Valentine !'• lloiton. IJow- '
aid. ifughston, Kekcv, Knijr. Knapp. Keisxht. Kuowiron, 1
Knox, Loiter, M.tce, Matter,,, A7eCJity. Meaeham, Moi- :
gan, .Morrill, IViehol.*, Norton, Amhcw Onvoi, rarkcr, IYI- ,
ton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Pnnglft, Pnivianee, Ritckic, |
Xrafton Tys°n? Wade, Walbridge, VPVUdron, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Elliliu B. Washbtfrne, Israel Washburn,
Watson, Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodwork.
For Mr. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Hcndley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie,
Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Clingm&n, How-
ell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Ciaige, Davidson, Den-
ver, Dowdeli, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Gre&nwood, Augustus
Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Herbert,
Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Kelly, Kid-
well> Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McMulhn, Smith Miller, Milison, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Peek, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, lluffin, Ru^t, Sandutee,
Savage, Samuel A. Smith, Stephens, Stewait, Talbott, Vail,
Warner, Wafkins, Welte, Winslow, Daniel B. Wiight, and
Jolm V. Wright.
For Mr, Fuller—>Ie?srs. Broom, John P. Campbell. Gar-
ble, Bayard Clark, Cox, Cullcn, Ffonry Winter Davis*,
Etherid?e, Eustis, Evans, Foster, J. Morrison Harris, Hoff-
man, Kennctt, Lake, Lindley, Humphiey Marshall, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Millwaid, Paine, Porter, Rcade, Ready,
Rieaud, Rivers. William R. Smith, Priced, Sxvope, Tiippe,
Underwood, Walker, Whitney, and Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Bishop, dawson, Dunn,
Edwards, Ilan won, Moore, Robbius, and Scott.
For Mr. Cadwalader—Messrs. Boycc and McQueen.
For Mr. Orr—Messrs. Richardson and Williams.
For Mr. WiUiami,—Mr. Wheeler.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Thvrston—Mr. Bronton.
For Mr. Quitman—Mr. Keitt.
ELECTION BY PLURALITY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. X have a res-
olution to present to the House, winch I ask the
Clerk to read.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the House will proceed immediately to
the election of a Speaker viva voce, and if, after the'roll
shall have been called three times, no member shall have
leeeived a majority of the whole number of votes, the roll
shall again be called, and the member who shall then recoivo
the largest number of votes, provided it be a mnionty of a
quorum, shall be the Speaker of the House of Repiusenta-
tivos of the Thirty-Fourth Congicss.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, i would make this
suggestion to the gentleman from Maine. I sup-
pose that every gentleman in the House has his
mind made. up in regard io this proposition; I
suggest, therefore, that the gentleman from Maine
call the previous question on the resolution, and
let us vote upon it directly. I hope no member
will move to lay it on the table, tfut let us have j
the vote directly on the proposition. !
Mr. WASHBURN. I would say to the gen- j
tlcman from Tennessee that it is my purpose !
to submit the resolution without making a single j
remark, and that I intended to call for the previous j
question, but my friend from North Carolina I
[Mr. Clingman] desires to say a single word; |
and with the understanding that he will move the j
previous question I yield him the floor.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I will do that of course.
I have heretofore, Mr. Clerk, avoided taking any
part in the discussions that have sprung up on
this floor, bccause I think they have generally
been premature in advance of the oiganization; i
and I do not purpose to do so now, except to say j
a word or two in explanation of the vote which'I [
am about to give on this question. So far as the j
adoption of the plurality rule is concerned, J see [
no objection to it on principle. It is a mere ques- j
tion of expediency, and we may well change the '
mode of election, when circumstances require it. 1
We may adopt either the majority or plurality ,
rule, following in this respect many of the Suites i
that have recently adopted the plurality rule in !
their elections after trying the majority plan. {
Feeling of late a strong anxiety to sec this House |
organized—a feeling which I still entertain—I 1
have been willing, and I have repeatedly said that ;
I thought it better, to change thA law and to allow j
an election to bo made in this way. But although I
I have repeatedly expressed that opinion, and
although forthe last two weeks I have thought !
and often said that it would he better to adopt the 'j
plurality rule, I uni not now goim** to vote for the |
resolution of the gentleman from Maine. I was in ' j
favor of adopting this rule, m fact, until last Satur- ; j
day; but, as in ail other questions of expediency, ii
I feel now at liberty fo do whcil seems to me proper ; j
as to the propriety of changing die method. For '.\
two weeks, as I have said, up to last Saturday. I i
was in favor of adopting it, and tried to get my '
friends to come up to it,but there was o declaration
made on last Saturday by a prominent candidate '
for the speakership, winch, taken m connection ;
with some things that I ha\ e heard since, induces j j
me to decline at this time voting for the proposi-
tion. Si
Without going into details I may simply say-
that I understood the candidate of those who call
themselves Republicans to have placed himself,
on Saturday last, on the extreme and most odioua
ground ever taken before the country by any set of
Abolitionists. He [Mr. Banks] not only stands
politically, and in a party point of view, mailing
common cause with these Abolitionists, but I
understood him to embrace an opinion, or at any
rate not to have made up his mind against it, iu
regard to a subject which the senior gent&man
from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] sometimes discusses*
in connection with Abolitionism, of the equality
of the white and black race. I understood that
gentleman [Mr. Banks] to say, in reply to a direct
question put, that he d.id not know whether the
negro or the white man would be the superior,
and that he was willing to let them have a trial.
The gentleman proposes to determine that ques-
tion by a certain sort of test—not an intellectual
or moral trial, but the most odious of all the
modes by which the Abolitionists of this country
propose to carry out their views. I understood
the gentleman not only to think the negro equal
to the white race, as he seems to say, by declar-
ing that he believes with the Declaration of Inde-
pendence "that all men are created equal," but
to be very anxious to have an amalgamation of tho
two races, so as to ascertain which will in the
end prove to be the superior race, if either is iu
fact so.
I am gratified to know, Mr. Clerk, that certain
gentlemen who heretofore voted for him are dis-
gusted with the enunciation of such a doctrine.
Though they might have agreed with that gentle-
man [Mr. Baxks] on most of the political ques-
tions of the day, they were not prepared to goto
that length with him; and I understand that they
are now extremely anxious to get him out of the
way as their candidate. Therefore I am willing
to give them a fair oppoitunity of doing it. So
far as the political questions which have hereto-
fore been discussed in this House are concerned,
I do not know thai there is much difference, prac-
tically, between that gentleman and the body of
those who are supporting him. And, with respect
to th^se issues, it perhaps makes little diifer-
cnce whether he or some one of his supporters
should be elected. If there are on this floor a
majority of men who prefer his election [Mr.
Ban*kis's>] to that of our candidate, it is not to mo
a matter of any great solicitude; but, as the gen-
tleman takes upon himself to assert here, as
Ins language seems necessarily to imply, tho
most odious, most offensive, and—to me—most
disgusting doctrine ever laid down in this country,
and that, too, with a sneer and a jest, as if it af-
forded him matter of amusement, 1 cannot make
myself, ev< n indirectly, an instrument in effecting
his election; particularly when I put it along with
that other  sayiug attributed to him, and which he
did not disclaim expressly, when alluding tb it,
that in a certam contingency he would ii let tho
Utl'ryn slide."
Where a man speaks with levity of a grave
question like the dissolution of the "Onion, as ono
would speak of a drunken man sliding into a
gutter, I must confess that it looks to me as if
he had no great respect for the Constitution of
the country and the existing Government; and I
might hesitate for some time befoie I should in-
dorse him by any vott , even indirectly; and I
shall therefore wait for those who have hereto-
fore been supporting him to look elsewhere for a
candidal , if they want to do so. A mem may say
that a contmg'-iicy niighi occur where a dissolu-
tion of the Union would 1 e juNt'lUibk- and neces-
sary; but to speak oi' such <i euiiUii^ency with
levil v is to me exceedingly distasteful.
When, however, to cup the climax, the gvndc-
man proposes to tes; the superiority or the in-
feiionty of the while and black taces by such
a process as he referred to on Saturday lost, i
shall wait certainly a reasonable time for thoso
who have been supporting him to get some 0U3
else more suited to their tastes. 1 do not wish,
therefore, to s-'e this plurality rule: adopted just
now, and shall vote against it on ihls occasion.
I have said thus much, not with a disposition
to arraign any gentleman for his opinions. I
think the debate that has been earned on hero
has been irregulai. I would rather much of it
had not been gone into. But as it has been stated
in the public papers, eaid as I have frequently
