834
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Frauds on the Revenue—Mr. James.
Senate.
yet to learn if it be not possible to devise some
mode by which an object so desirable and valu-
able may be reached, which, instead of outraging
Democratic principles, will perfectly harmonize
with them, and fully and properly come within
the pale of the legitimate laws of trade. Such a
measure is, in my humble judgment, proposed by
this bill. It is. "> my opinion, admirably calcu-
lated for the great objects it has in view, without
encroaching at all on Democratic principles or the
true interests of any portion of the community.
Mr. President, this bill does not propose a tariff
embracing duties imposed for the purpose of pro-
tection. It is framed on the principle of reducing
the duties on foreign imports to the proper rev-
enue standard; or, in other words, to raise a rev-
enue adequate only, as near as may be, to the
actual wants of the Government, an amount to j
which only, it is now I believe generally conceded,
the Government has the legitimate right to tax j
the people. The articles embraced in this bill, it j
will be perceived, are separated into four classes: |
Class A consists only of spirituous liquors, which ,
are to pay a duty of eighty per cent, ad valorem. I
Class B embraces all articles that now pay a duty
of thirty per cent, and over, except spirituous
liquors; together with one or two others which
now pay a duty of twenty-five per cent. In this
list are comprised most of the articles of foreign
manufacture, and which enter into the general
consumption. C is a free list, including raw ma-
terials for manufacturers, mechanics, &c., which
are produced, either not at all in this country, or
to no great extent. And the class marked D is
composed of articles not enumerated in either of
the other lists, and taxed with a duty of twenty
percent Itwillbe seen that this classification very
properly discriminates between the rich and the
poor, by so arranging the tariff of duties, that the
heaviest tax will fall on the luxuries and elegan-
cies of life, and a lighter one on the cheaper com-
forts and necessaries of life which enter into the
general consumption of the poorer and laboring
classes. .
Mr. President, one very important feature in
the bill to which 1 will here refer but for a moment
is its free list. This, if adopted, will relieve our
manufacturers, mechanics, and artisans, from an
onerous tax on the materials necessary to their
business, and which, not being produced, many
of them not at all, and others to no considerable
extent in this conntry, they are compelled to im-
port from abroad. Such relief would do much to
enable them to meet the foreign competition in
our market, as it would much reduce the cost of
production.
Iiis difficult for me to discover how any valid
objection can be raised to this, or to any other
portion of the bill, a&iits legitimate object is the
proper amount of revenue, and its direct tendency,
in my opinion, to reduce the costs, and conse-
quently the market value of our domestic manu-
factured products.
Sir, it is my firm conviction that a change is
required in our revenue system. So long as we
are to derive the means for the support of our
Government from duties on imports, a system
that, in the very nature of things, must bear
somewhat unequally on the people, our laws
should, as I have already suggested, equalize, as
far as practicable, the burden between the rich
and the poor, in the ratio of their means of pay-
ment. Such was the design of our ad valorem
system of duties; but such is not its effects. There
are so many ways left open for the fraudulent
evasion of its provisions, of which there are
always hosts of importers at all times ready to
avail themselves, that the payment of about one
half the tax on the more costly articles consumed
by the rich is evaded, while on the coarser and
cheaper articles consumed by the poor the full
amount is paid. And so long as our laws remain
as at present, so long will these abuses continue.
One powerful reason which will induce me to vote
for this bill is what I consider the effectual barrier
it presents against this system of frauds.
Mr. President, of the finer qualities of imported
fabrics of cotton, woolen, linen, and silks, and
costly articles of other descriptions, there is
scarcely one that, as our revenue system now
stands, pays a duty of more than fifty per cent,
of what the law (demands. On th& other hand,
sir, articles of coarser and less valuable descrip-
tions, such as are mostly consumed by the labor-
ing and poorer classes, generally pay the full
amount of duty on their true value. "With the
latter qualities of goods it is more difficult to prac-
tice fraud, because of their lower cost, which
leaves a less margin to operate on, and because
it also renders the amount to be saved so much
less it becomes hardly worth the hazard. Thus,
sir, the poor man has to pay the tax of sixty
cents on his yard of cloth, which costs but two
dollars, while the rich man pays but the same
amount on his, which costs four dollars. It is
partly in this way that the revenue laws, in their
present form, by means of the frauds practiced
under them, protect the rich at the expense of the
poor. All will agree that this is not right. Then,
sir, let us have a law that will remedy the evil.
Do the best we can, the support of Government,
by means of duties on imports, cannot fail to cast
comparatively a large portion of the burden on
the shoulders of the poor laboring man; and I
contend that, for this and other reasons, the laws
ought to be so framed and enforced as to relieve
labor from the ruinous effects of foreign compe-
tition as far as practicable, to make up, in some
degree, for the seeming inequality.
Mr. President, labor is the great creative in-
strument of all our wealth, yet at lea,st to him
who contributes it accrues but a bare living price,
and it becomes our duty and our interest to foster
it, and to extend to it all due encouragement,
instead of looking on it as a thing beneath our
notice. Sir, let no one suppose that I am about to
ask, or to recommend, what are usually denom-
inated protective duties, or duties created and as-
sessed for the purpose of protection. No, sir,
I have no such object in view. The idea of pro-
tective duties has become obsolete. Manufac-
turers and mechanics have ceased to ask or to wish
for them, and almost to think of them. This bill
presents no such feature. It is designed as an
amendment to the existing tariff law, changing
some of its details to conform it more fully to the
proper revenue standard, but not disturbing its
principles. It is plain and simple in its provis-
ions and requirements, and will, I feel certain,
prove efficient and extremely difficult of evasion.
Sir, I have said a few words on the subject of
the free list, one of the main features of the bill.
Permit me here to resume that subject. I will
here repeat, the articles enumerated in that list
are such as are not produced in this country to
any great extent. A large number of them must
be had by the manufacturer, mechanic, and arti-
san; and the duty now imposed on them about
neutralizes all the benefits to him of the duties on
the imported manufactured article. The conse-
quence is, the cost of his production is so much
enhanced that he cannot successfully withstand
the foreign competition.
Mr. President, I believe it is not the policy of
foreign Governments to impose duties on im-
ported materials necessary to .their industrial
operations, not produced in sufficient quantities
within their own dominions. They long ^nce
discovered that this was a policy which offered a
premium for foreign competition, to the detriment
of their own trade. It was for this reason alone
that Great Britain abolished the duty on cotton,
and more recently on wool. An import duty
on the raw material is, in fact, equivalent to an
export duty on the manufactured article, and
which would, at this day, operate fatally on the
manufactories of Europe. Sir, the fact is as plain
as that two and two make four, that a duty on
the raw material which must be imported must
enter into the cost of the manufactured article,
and hence that, all other things being equal, he
that is compelled to pay this duty cannot afford
his product as cheap as he can who receives his
raw material free of duty. Permit me, sir, to
illustrate this statement by facts which are with-
in ray own knowledge.
Experience has fully shown that, when the
proper materials are at hand, broadcloths can be
manufactured in this country, of as fine texture,
as good quality, and as good color and finish, as
can be had in Europe. Many such cloths have
been made here; but they have been made at a
heavy loss, and consequently the manufacture has
ceased, and none are now made. The reasons
of this are, first, broadcloths, to compete with the
best European article, cannot be made entirely of
American wool. It requires a large proportion
of stock to mix with this, which must be impor.tcd
from abroad. On that wool is imposed, by the
present law, a duty of thirty per cent., precisely
equal to the duty on the foreign manufactured
article; while the wool that enters into the latter
article in Europe pays no duty at all. Yet all the
wool used in England in the manufacture of fine
broadcloths is imported into that country, there
being none raised there suitable for the purpose.
The native English wool is wrought up into coarse
broadcloths, negro cloths, carpets, &c. For these
articles we have no native raw material. Amer-
ican wool is of a description too good for such
uses, and hence we are debarred from the manu-
facture of either fine or coarse woolen cloths
without the payment of a duty of thirty per cent,
on the raw material, which comes to British man-
ufacturers free. Add to this the fact, that all the
drugs and dye-stuffs used by the European man-
ufacturers come to them free of duty, and wo
have the reasons why the manufacturer of woolen
goods in America cannot afford to continue his
business. In this way the foreign manufacturer
has the advantage—an advantage we give him by
means of our present tariff of duties. What the
woolen manufacturer wants is the relief which
this bill would grant him through the medium of
this free list. With this, and the present duty on
the foreign manufactured article, he can protect
himself; and he will furnish you with as good an
article, and as cheap, as can be procured from
Europe; provided you also, as this bill proposes,
erect an efficient barrier against frauds on the
revenue. In doing this, you will benefit others
quite as much as you will benefit him. What I
have said of the manufacture of woolens is just
as applicable to many other branches of manufac-
tures and mechanics.
Mr. President, I am aware that it is said by
some that, to abolish the import duty on wool,
though it would favor the manufacturer, would
operate against the wool-grower, by throwing
the market open to the foreign producer without
any restriction. But, sir, what I have already
said on the subject, if duly considered, will fully
obviate this objection. The wool that we import
is a different article from our own, and therefore
cannot come indirect competition with the latter;
nor have we, to any extent, in this country, an
article that can answer as a substitute for it. On
the other hand, the more of the foreign wool there
is imported and manufactured, the greater quan-
tity of American wool will be required to com-
pound with it, and of course the demand will be
more extensive, and the market better. I cannot,
therefore, see, sir, how it is possible, or in what
way, the American produce can be at all injured
by the removal of this duty. In fact, some of the
principal wool-growers in the United States have
declared it as their opinion that they would be
benefited by it.
Mr. President, the experience of Great Britain
affords us an instructive lesson on this matter.
Formerly she levied a duty on imported wool,
which, not at first appearing to answer the pur-
pose, was increased until, in the year 1819, it
amounted to fifty-six shillings sterling per one
hundred pounds, or about twelve cents per pound.
Finding they had made a mistake, in five or six
years afterwards they reduced it to one penny
per pound, in face of the clamorous opposition
of the wool-growers. They, however, soon be-
came satisfied of the beneficial effects of the re-
duction, and in 1844 the duty was entirely abol-
ished. And what was the result of the measure ?
In the yeat; 1800, the amount of wool imported
i was, in round numbers, 8,600,000 pounds, and
the home product 92,544,000 pounds. In 1850, the
imports were 77,000,000 pounds, and the home
product 275,000,000 pounds. In 1855, the home
product had increased to 300,000,000pounds. The
removal of the duty on foreign wool, which op-
erated as a heavy burden on the British manu-
facturer, and as a premium to foreign manufac-
turers, gave a stimulus to the home manufacturer,
whose business, as a consequence, necessarily
and rapidly increased, and gave due encourage-
ment to the*wool-grower, for hose product the
demand increased accordingly. In my judgment.
