IBM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July SO,
lations established at the post office at San Fran-
cisco respecting the delivery of letters, as being
oppressive, and praying that they may be pro-
hibited; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution*, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to inform the Senate, whether the Behring's Straits Explor-
ing and Surveying Expedition, which recently returned to
the United States, examined and made charts of the sea of
Okhotsk, the Polar sea, the shores of Siberia, or other points
frequented by American whalemen; and if it did, when
such charts will be published.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 416)
to provide for the settlement and payment of the
incurred expenses in the suppression of Indian
hostilities in the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington; which was read the first and second times
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Compittee on Fi-
nance, to whom the subject was referred, reported
a joint resolution, (S. R. No. 35) authorizing the
transfer of certain duties in the Executive Depart-
ments, relating to the statement of accounts-
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 410) to authorize the Postmaster
General to contract for the transportation of the
mails of the United States from New York to
Southampton, reported it with amendments; and
on his motion it was made the special order for
Monday next, at one o'clock.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was refer-
red the petition of Jacob Hall, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 417) for his relief;
which was read, and passed to asecond reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
PAY OF MEMBERS OP CONGRESS.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to take up the bill
which I some time since introduced, regulating
the pay of members of Congress, so that gentle-
men who, as I understand, have some amend-
ments to propose, may offer them and have tliem
printed, and then that the whole subject may be
referred to a proper committee.
Mr. CROWN. Does my friend from South
Carolina mean to consider the bill this morning?
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; I simply ask that it
may be taken up with a view to receive such
amendments as may be offered.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I present an amendment
which I shall offer to the bill of the Senator from
South Carolina, and 1 desire that it be printed.
It is to strike out all after the enacting clause,
and insert;
That the members of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives shall receive for their attendance at the sessions
. ofCongiess, twenty-five per cent, m addition to whatthev
by law, are entitled to receive for attendance.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the bill and
amendment be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance. ' I want a full report on all
these matters, if I can get nothing else for the
public. I think something ought to be done to
curtail our sessions, aud equalize the compcnsa
tion. I am sure, in the first place, that it is not
sufficient, and in the next place that it ought to
be equalized; and then there ought to be more
dispatch of the public business.
The motion to refer and print was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk:
Mr. President : The House of Representatives recede
from their disagreement to the fir-t amendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H, R. No. 152) making appropriations fortiie
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of J une, 1857; and
They have passed the following bills, in which they re-
quest the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H.R. No. 75) to reorganize the Territory of Kansas,
and tor other purposes:
A bill (H. R. No. 153) making appropriations for the sup*-
port of the Army, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857; and
A bill to provide for the settlement of the claims of the
officers of the revolutionary army, and the widows and
children of those who died m the service.
The President of the United States approved and signed,
the 22d instant, an act (II. R. No. 417) for the construction
of a road from Fort Ridgely, m the Territory of Minnesota,
to the South Pass of the Rocky Mountains, in the Temtoiy
of Nebraska.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill (H.
R. No. 153) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1857, was read the first and second
times by unanimous consent, and referred to the
Committee on Finance. H
SLOOP OF WAR ALBANY.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask leave to report back
to the Senate the bill which passed the Senate,
and went to the House of Representatives, for the
relief of widows and orphans of the officers, sea-
men, and marines of the United States sloop of
war Albany, and for other purposes. As I de-
sign to ask for action on the amendments of the
House now, I will briefly stat* what they are.
This is a Senate bill for the relief of the widows
and orphans of the officers and men of the Al-
bany and Porpoise. One amendment of the
House is to extend, in compliance with prece-
dents from 1838 to this time, to the orphans,
the twelve months' pay allowed to the widows
under the original bill. There is another amend-
ment in relation to an officer who was lost, who
did not form a portion of the regular officers of
either of those two vessels. It is merely to fix
the time of his supposed death, in order that his
accountat the Navy Department may be rectified.
I ask that the amendments of the House may be
concurred in.
The amendments were concurred in.
PAYMENT OF PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, early in
the session I introduced a bill, which was re-
ported upon some' three months ago, and once
or twice made the special ordei^fel have never
asked the Senate to take up anyanng at my sug-
gestion, but I should be very glad if the Senate
would take up and dispose of the bill (S. No.
146) to compensate agents for paying pensions,
and prescribing the time and manner of settling
their accounts.
Mr. GEYER. If that bill be taken up now,
I suppose it will take precedence of the unfin-
ished business of the morning hour of yester-
day?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will.
Mr. GEYER. I hope then that we shall not
take it up.
Mr. HUNTER. We cannot dispose of that
bill in the morning hour. I understand that
notice has been given that the Senate mean to
dispose of the harbor bills to-day. We cannot
dispose of this question in half an hour. I sug-
gest that it had better lie over until other busi-
ness gets out of the way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that suggestion be ac-
ceded to, this bill will never comc up. It was
introduced and reported upon some months ago;
it has been made a special order repeatedly; and
although I believe there are some gentlemen who
think it ought not to pass, (and the Senatorfrom
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs] perhaps, has intimated
that opinion,) certainly it ought to be disposed of.
I thind that, on examination, the Senator from
Georgia will go with me, and I will myself agree
to vote against the bill if, on understanding the
true state of the facts which lie at the origin of it,
the Senator from Georgia will not consent to it.
The bill has its origin in non-payment for
services performed by the old pension agents. I
cannot have the matter better understood than
by stating the case of the pension agent in
the State of Illinois, Mr. Hay. He was pen-
sion agent in 1831. At that time the Department
paid the pension agents a certain percentage on
the amount disbursed by them. There was no
law authorizing it in so many words; but the
practice was to allow a percentage on the money
which they paid out. Mr. Hay received that
percentage until 1836. In 1836, at the time when
the deposit banks commenced the disbursements
of the public money, the law which was held to
authorize compensation to be allowed to pension
agents was repealed. Mr. Hay was then in
office. We had in the State of Illinois no de-
posit banks. Mr. Hay proposed to resign as
pension agent; but he was requested to continue
and perform the duty. He did so under the
assurance that Congress would make some com-
pensation. He performed these duties for five
years; and he paid out in this length of time—I
have not the exact statement here, but I believe
the amount was something near two hundred
thousand dollars. He gave bond in a large
amount, bought his own books, made his own
returns, performed all these services, and every
officer in the pension bureau, from that day to
this, has recommended payment. President Polk,
when he was President of the United States? and
Secretaries of War, and the Pension Commis-
sioners, have repeatedly brought this matter to
the notice of Congress, and have said the agents
ought to be paid.
The bill which I now ask to^ have taken up is
one prepared by the pension bureau. It comes
here with their indorsement. The portion of it
which relates to the compensation of agents gen-
erally, and for increasing their pay, I have nothing
more to say about than any other Senator. They
should have a reasonable compensation; we may
differ as to what that is; but as to the pay of the
old pension agents who held the office under this
assurance and performed these services, I am quite
certain there is no Senator here who does not
believe they ought to be paid a reasonable com-
pensation. No individual would ask another to
perform services for him, and request him to ren-
der them ycar%fter year,to payout thousands of
dollars, to buy his own books, to make his own
returns, and then refuse to pay him.
I will state further, that Mr. Hay retained in
his hands what he regarded as a fair compensa-
tion. He resigned in 1841, retaining a little less
than $3,000, which would have been his com-
pensation at the rates previously allowed. It was
so just that the Department never called on him
for the money. The matter remained in that
way until last fall. In the mean time Mr. Hay
had. died. Last fall a suit was instituted against
his securities for this money, and his son has
come on here \o Washington and borrowed the
money, and paid it into the Department, in order
to save the securities. If he retained too much,
refuse the $3,000 ; but it seems to me that no per-
son would wish to have these services without
paying something, whatever may be right, for
them. That is the character of all the cases em-
braced in the bill excepting the provision which is
now sought to be made for increasing the pay of
the pension agents at this time. About that 1 will
say nothing.
The bill confines the allowance to pension
agents not connected with banks, to whom the
Secretary of the Treasury furnished the money
from month to month. They did not have the
money to speculate upon; it was only furnished
them from month to month, as is stated in the
official reports, to pay out the pensioners \s called
for. This is the bill which I ask the Senate to
take up. I hope it will be taken up and actci upon
now, for it is apparent that, if it be not ta f.n up
now, it will be of very little use hereafter to con-
sider it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not wish to go into the
subject on a motion to take up the bill, as the
Senator has done, fully; but I will say that this
bill provides for a class of cases which have been
here for fifteen or twenty years unsuccessfully;
and there are solid reasons why this payment
should not be made. I do not wish to argue the
matter now; I agree with the Senator from Vir-
ginia that we cannot dispose of it speedily. I do
not think the bill is right in any portion of it.
These statements of individual cases have been
made here for the last ten years on a general
bill. I have objections against it jvhich have
heretofore been sufficient with Congress. For
ten long years they have been trying to get this
bill through; but failed. Lately I have seen that
bills which have met the stern opposition of Con-
gress for fifteen years, are passed in the morning
hour.
The question being taken on a division, there
were—ayes 15, noes 16; no quorum voting.
Mr. TRUMBULL and Mr. JOHNSON called
for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will merely suggest to
