960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 17.
terJ] He can have such seeds as he wishes, and
such as are applicable to his section of the coun-
try, by applying at the Patent Office.
The method I employ in the distribution of
seeds iis this; There are several agricultural socie-
ties m my district; I request the Commissioner of
Patents to direct the greater portion of them to
the president and other officers of these societies,
and they are thus disseminated where they will
be of the greatest practical advantage. I am care-
ful, in the selection of seeds at the Patent Office,
to take such as are suited to that section of coun-
try, but not those of cotton, sugar-cane, rice,
tobacco, or hemp. And if the gentleman from
Kentucky will take the same course he will have
no occasion to make the complaint in future which
he has made to-day.
I ask gentlemen to look over the Patent Office
reports, and see what seedshave been distributed.
They will find that there have been imported
many varieties which have proved to be very
valuable. And, sir, these seeds are distributed
as nearly as possible in accordance with the
wants of, and their adaptation to, the different sec-
tions of the Union.
Sir, there is a reason why this great interest of
the country has so little care in this Hall. When
any object is to be accomplished for the manu-
facturing or commercial interests, their agents are
here, ready to present their cause in the most
favorable light, while the farmers of the country
remain quietly at home. And now, when we
have an opportunity to do something beneficial
for them, we reluctantly agree to appropriate the
small sum of $20,000. I hope the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky will not pre-
vail.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to make a
personal explanation.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to make
a personal explanation except by the consent of
the committee.
. Mr. SMITH. Why, sir, personal explana-
tions are always allowed.
The CHAIRMAN. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. SMITH. "Well, sir, I only desire to say
that sinee I last addressed the committee upon
this subject, Mr. Browne, who has charge of this
brancli of the Patent Office, has informed me that
he desired an early appropriation with a view
to make earlier purchases. That \vas the reason
why there was so long a delay in the delivery of
seeds this year. It would be unkind to him if
I did not make the statement.
Mr. Marshall's amendment was disagreed
to.
Mr. READY. Mr. Chairman, after so much
commendable zeal in behalf of the agricultural
and horticultural interests of the country, it is
not my purpose to detain the committee by sub-
mitting any remarks. Inasmuch as I failed to
obtain the floor sometime since, I think it is un-
necessary for me now to occupy the time of the
committee. I rise, therefore, merely for the pur-
pose of suggesting an amendment—that the ap-
propriation be increased one dollar—so that I
may send to the Clerk's desk to be read, a letter
from Dr. Browne, addressed tome by him in the
absence of Judge Mason, to whom 1 had directed
some inquiries. The letter shows clearly in my
mind that the pending appropriation is a defici-
ency.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
T/nited States Patent Office,
March 31, 1856.
Dear Sir: Agreeably to your request i herewith furnish
a statement of the present wants ot tins office m relation to
tunds.
The appropuation made on the 3d of March last has
neen long since exhausted for the purchase and distribution
ol seeds and cuttings, and in the collection of agricultural
statistics. There isa deficiency of some four thousand
dollars on account ot these objects, and the arrangement of
the matter tor the next agricultuial report. There is on
hand a large quantity of seeds and cuttings that require im-
mediate distribution, which, if kept over, would be greatly
injured or entirely lost. This distribution, together with
the lorce necessary to complete the agricultural report up
to the l-t July next, will require some ten thousand dollars.
Anil there would be requned seven thousand dollars more
for the puichase of wheat and other seeds for fall sowing
r would briefly add that this office docs not deem it ex-
pedient to continue the present force for those objects, mi-
les* means be provided to maintain it.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
11. JAy BKOWNE.
I"'■ *. Charles Ready, House of Representatives.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. Chairman, for the pur-
pose of comparing notes with other gentlemen
upon this floor, I will briefly state what seeds I
have received. I have made several vain attempts
in person to get from the office seeds that I con-
sidered of some value. If the gentleman from
Maine obtained what he desired, he was more
fortunate than I was. So far as I can remember,
I have only received morning glories, princes'
feathers, cock's-combs, and, perhaps a few peas,
which can be found anywhere in the southern
country. We are asked to appropriate $20,000
to patronize seed establishments about Washing-
ton city, for I must come to the conclusion they
were bought here; or that a fraud is perpetrated
on the people by having indorsed on the envel-
opes that they were selected by the agent in Eu-
rope. We know these seeds grow in this coun-
try , and that they have grown here for twenty-five
years—as far back as I can recollcct. [Laughter.]
If the agricultural interest is to be benefited, I
ask whether it can be done in this way ? The
gentleman from Maine is one of the favored recip-
ients who gets all he wants. This is not the case
with everybody. Nobody else, indeed, can get
anything of any value. I hope the gentleman
from Maine will state what seeds he has received.
Mr. BENSON. I will give the gentleman a
list of them.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not want the gentleman
to read a list from the Patent Officc report of
1854, including Chinese yams and Chinese sugar-
cane. Potatoes grow wild in the South; and
Chinese sugar-cane is nothing more than what
wo call chicken corn down in Georgia, and is of
no sort of value. [Great laughter.] I have looked
through the Agricultural report, and there is not
a seed there worth a groat.
Mr. BENSON. Has the gentleman had the
Oregon pea?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir; we have had that
in Georgia for the last ten years. [Laughter. 1
What next? & J
Mr. BENSON. I will simply say, that I have
spoken from my experience. I will say further,
that 1 have testimony from my district of the
value of the seeds.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not want the gentleman
to make a speech, but to state the seeds he has
received.
Mr. BENSON. I will tell the gentleman.
There are thirty varieties of turnips, of great
value; Turkish flint wheat and Syrian spring
wheat; German millet; the early May pea; the
Chinese sugar-cane. I can go on through a long
list of them.
Mr. SEWARD. We have had them in the
South for years—the whole of them. [Laughter.]
It is the first time I knew that sugar-cane would
grow in Maine.
Mr. BENSON. We expect it to take the place
of your sugar-cane, so that we shall not have to
go to the South for our sugar.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the gentleman go to the
Paten t Office, and he will find some of this Chinese
sugar-cane there. I tell him it is nothing but
chicken corn, and you cannot make sugar out of
it. I can make better sugar out of the Maine
peas. [Laughter.]
Mr. READY, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I propose to increase
the appropriation fifty cents.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order.
A motion was made to increase the Senate amend-
ment §10,000. That motion was agreed to. Is
it competent now to alter the amount fixed by the
committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I wish to make some
explanation of my former remarks.
Objection was made.
Mr. SMITH,of Virginia. Is the Senate amend-
ment amendable ?
The CHAIRMAN. Not as to the amount.
Mr. SMITH. I move to insert after the word
"statistics" the words, " agricultural tools."
Mr. GREENWOOD. An explanation is due
to the gentleman from Virginia, in reference to
the remarks I made a short time ago. I stated
then that this was not a deficiency. My remark
was based upon what was said by the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Pm ,t,ps,] when he stated
that the Committee of Ways and Means had
determined to recommend a non-concurrence, for
the reason that it was not a deficiency. But the
letter which has been presented by the gentleman
from Tennessee shows that it is a deficiency, and
therefore I withdraw my remark that it is not a
deficiency.
Mr. SMITH. I would ask this committee if
they can appropriate this money for the purchase
of seeds and cuttings, cannot they make an ap-
propriation for the purchase of tools? and yet no
gentleman upon this floor will go that length. It
seems that there is a deficiency of about°«i4,000.
Now I ask this committee what right any clerk
or officer of the Government has to create a defi-
ciency, and then come here and ask us to supply
it ? There is not an officer of this Government
who has any power to authorize an expenditure
beyond the appropriation, and then come here and
ask us to pay it. In the name of heaven, when
is this policy to be stopped ? Is there to be no
end to it? Is even an agricultural bureau of this
Government, without any public necessity exist-
ing for it—without any public urgency, and with-
out the authority of the Legislature of the country,
to expend money which they are not authorized
to spend, because they suppose we will pay it as
a matter of course ? I think the whole system is
wrong.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to make only a few
remarks. I have some doubts, or should have
some doubts, as to where this House gets any
constitutional power to promote agriculture. It
certainly has the power to regulate commerce,
and to grant patent rights, and it appears that
upon these two powers have hung all the legisla-
tion which has been had in regard toagriculture.
But so fearful has the Government been of tres-
passing upon any ground which is unconstitu-
tional, that they have always limited the appro-
priations for the benefit of agriculture to some
very small sum, as a little sop thrown out to the
great mass of farmers. 1 think, however, that it
is fully as constitutional to look to the interests
of the old States, as it is always to be legislating
for the new ones—taking care of the children.
The old homesteads ought to be looked to a little.
If it be constitutional to appropriate $20,000 for
this purpose of exchanging seeds, it is constitu-
tional to appropriate a good deal more. We have
established such a practice, and it is nowtoo late,
by the doctrine of precedent, to back out.
Now, sir, only look at the importance of agri-
culture in the old States. Avery few years ago,
in the British Parliament, an act was passed
granting one acre for the use of the families of
farm laborers, over and above their wages, for
the purpose of encouraging the children and
women in industry. What was the" consequence ?
We have the report of a committee of the House
of Commons, showing that in three years from
that time—and most of that land was applied to
the production of wheat—the improved mode of
culture applied to it was such, that the land pro-
duced an average yield winch would astonish
anybody. The average yield was one hundred
and twelve and a half bushels per acre—and that
was done by the encouragement of the Govern-
ment. Everybody remembers that the great cot-
ton culture of this country arose out of seed pro-
cured by commissioners who were sent out to the
East Indies to procure it.
It seems to me that we should never hesitate.
The only thing I have any doubt about is the
small amount which is proposed to be applied to
this purpose. I have had some doubts about the
correctness of the last census. The census shows
that we have only about twenty-three millions of
inhabitants; but I have had more than forty mil-
lions of letters from my district, making applica-
tion for these seeds. [Laughter.] It seems to
me that we ought either to back out entirely from
this matter, upon the ground of its unconstitu-
tionality, or else take it up with an interest which
shows that we think it is of some use.
I agree with the gentleman from Kentucky that
the direction of this matter should be given as he
proposed. I have been written to by the Com-
missioner of Patents to designate the agricultural
societies in my district that are to receive these
seeds. I have done so, and the Commissioner
will send them in that way.
I have no hesitation, I say, except upon the
