234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
said" that I was in favor of adopting the plurality
ruin, some explanation seems necessary for the
vote I now propose to give against it.
And now, sir, in accordance with the pledge
given to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Wash-
is ur?j,] I renew the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from North Carolina to withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have renewed it in obedi-
ence to«my pledge given to the gentleman from
Maine. I am perfectly willing that the discussion
should go on, so far as I am concerned.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. When I yielded
the floor to the gentleman from North Carolina,
I did it upon the supposition that he had some-
thinghe desired to say in reference to the adoption
ofthepluralityrule. X shouldnothave withdrawn
my demand for the previous question, if I had
known the gentleman's purpose was to make the
remarks he has done, m which, I must say, it
seems to me he has shown great disingenuous-
ness 
Mr. CLINGMAN. Not at all.
Mr. WASHBURN. It seemed to me a little
unfair that he should have placed the construc-
tion which he did, in reference to what he terms
the levity of the remarks of the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] It was
a construction, in my opinion, not fairly dedu-
cible from the remarks themselves. But, sir, it
was my intention, when I offered this resolution,
that it should be decided without discussion; and
in accordance with that purpose, I now move the
previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman from Maine
will withdraw his demand for the previous ques-
tion for a moment, I have an amendment thai I
wish to offer to his resolution.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I wish to make
a single remark, if the gentleman will allow me.
Mr. WASHBURN. After having withdrawn
the demand for the previous question in favor of
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling-
mau,] I can hardly refuse the same courtesy to
my friend from Ohio. I withdraw the demand,
if the gentleman will promise to confine his re-
marks to the question of the plurality rule.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I should not like to enter
into any such bonds.
Mr. WASHBURN. Well, sir, I will with-
draw the demand for the previous question, if the
gentleman will promise to renew it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I make that promise. And
now, Mr. Clerk, 1 have to say that [ will confine
myself to the resolution in the explanation I have
to make. I will not, as the gentleman from North
Carolina has shown his willingness to do, discuss
the principles proclaimed by the various candi-
dates for the speakership. I should like, however,
to do so, and to compare their various declarations
now with the platforms of the parties with whom
they are acting, on some suitable occasion. I
rise now for the purpose of explaining why 1
have all along voted against the adoption of the
plurality rule. A necessity seems to have de-
volved upon me to make this explanation for the
purpose of meeting the various charges m the
newspapers, and perhaps the inuendocs on this
floor, that I had not acted with sincerity in refer-
ence to it.
I was here in 1849, when, for the first time in
the history of this Government, there was a de-
parture in the election of Speaker from that sys-
tem which we are now pursuing. [ was a young
member, but I recollect well the position held by
my venerable colleague, [Mr. Giddings,] Mr.
Wilmot, and some six or seven who were acting:
with him, and who held the balance of power m
the House, during the struggle to elect Mr. Win-
throp Speaker.
After we had voted for three weeks, attempts
were made to adopt the plurality rule. I remem-
ber that that little minority contended at the time,
that they and their constituents, upon the great
question of the organization of the House, would
be disfranchised by that rule. They contended
that, so long as they were willing to take the re-
sponsibility of standing out for their candidate,
it was unjust upon the part of the House so to
disfranchise them; and, sir,although I disagreed
with them in lespect to their candidate, and \ oted
for Mr. Winthrop in opposition to the honorable
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] yet I
agreed with them upon that principle, and so
voted uniformly against the plurality resolution,
throughout that memorable contest for the speak-
ership. I did it upon principle.
Mr. Clerk, during the first week of this con-
troversy, when I had the honor of receiving a
very handsome vote—a portion of which, if the
letter of my colleague, [Mr. Giddings,] which
was read here the other day, is correct', was given
merely to put me up to let me down again—it
was suggested to me, I think about the third day,
that we could soon settle the matter by the adop-
tion of a plurality rule; but I condemned it then,
as I do now. I said that I was upon the record
as having voted against it in 1849, and that I acted
then as I desire to do now, in reference to the
matter—upon principle.
I have sought thi3 occasion to make known
to the country and the House the reasons upon
which I have acted and propose to act, so that the
tongue of slander may be silenced, particularly
in reference to my motives in voting against this
plurality rule. Now, Mr. Clerk, in pursuance
of the promise made to the gentleman from
Maine—and I think he will give me credit for
having, without any pledge, confined my remarks
to the plurality resolution—I renew the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. EANKS rose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question, to allow the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to speak, with the
consent of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. BANKS. I will not ask the gentleman to
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
if the House will allow me to utter a single sen-
tence. [Cries of " Agreed! agreed!" "Go on!"]
No objection being made,
Mr. B. I have simply to say, that I utterly
disclaim the opinions imputed to me by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, in reference to the
subject which he has introduced.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I certainly did not wish
to do injustice to the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts. I understood him to say this in
answer to the question as to whether the black
race was equal to the white, or superior to it.
A Member. Read what he did say, from the
Globe.
Mr. CLTNGMAN. I will not trouble the
House with reading it now; but I understood the
gentleman to say, in substance, that the superior
or more powerful race would absorb the weaker,
and that lie was willing to wait the developments
of time, or some such thing, to see whether the
black race would absorb the white race, or the
white race absorb the black. I understood the
gentleman, therefore, as looking forward to this
result. I do not know that he said he was in
favor of seeing tlie experiment made, but he ex-
pressed no repugnancc to it. I understood him
as looking to the ultimate result, in reference to
the superiority or inferiority of the races, before
he would make up his mind. Therefore it was
that I made the comments which I have; and 1
am sure that the House will agree with me that
they were legitimate, in view of the gentleman's
remarks. I should be happy if the gentleman
would disclaim that position.
Mr. ORR. With the permission of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, I will read the lan-
guage which the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] did use.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Read it.
Mr. ORR. It is as follows;
" I have to sny, in thi - mntter, that I accept tlio doctrine
of tlie Declaration of Independence, that ail men are cre-
ated equal. J a regard to tile superiority ot" races, X am iin-
pre^ed with tlie conviction that it i : to bo determined only
bv capacity foi enduianee. So far as I have studied the
subject, it seems to mo to be the universal law, that the
weaker is always ,tbsoihed and disappears tn tho stronger
race. Whether the black tace of tins continent, or any
other p'ul of tiie u-osid.is equal to the white race, can only
be determined by the abruption and disappeaiance of otte
oi the ottior; an i I piopo-=e to wait until the icspccUve
races can be piopcrly subjected to tins philosophical teat
before I give a deci-ive answer."
Mr. CLENGMAN. That was just what I un-
derstood the gentleman to say,—that he could j
not determine m his own mind which was supe- j
rior, but ho was willing to wait the result—as I !
said, not willing* to put it to any intellectual con- j
test, not to any contest in science, mathematics, i
poetry, or in arte, or amis; but I understood him ■
to refer to a particular contest of that sort, and
that he had no objection to the contest. I under-
stood the gentleman to speak of a grave question
with levity. Men generally look upon the idea
with repugnance; and I confess that it surprised
me that the gentleman from Massachusetts, with
his education, attainments, and intellect, should
express himself in the manner which he did. I
think he will see that my inference was a very
natural one.
Mr. BANKS. I make no complaint. I rose
only to disclaim the opinions imputed to me by
the honorable gentleman from North Carolina.
The CLERK. The Clerk would suggest that
this debate is all out of order, inasmuch as the
call for the previous question has been seconded.
Mr. CIDDINGS. I would ask my colleague
to withdraw the call for the previous question,
so that I may address myself in explanation of
the allusion which was mnde to me.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no control over it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to explain my vote
on the occasion referred to.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine. If I yield to
one gentleman, I must to another; and so I hold
on to the call for the previous question.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts proceeded to make his remarks by unan-
imous consent; and the debate that followed was
also made by unanimous consent.
Mr. MILLSON. As this involves an import-
ant question, I call for the yeas and nays on
ordering the main question to be now put.
Mr. -TRIPPE. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. WASHBURN. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion. [Cries of " No! no Is'] I
withdraw the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TRIPPE. I renew the demand for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I call for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Trippe and
Billinghurst were appointed.
The question was taken, and the yeas and nays
were ordered, the tellers having reported—ayes 33,
noes 78.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
on the tabic; and it was agreed to—yeas 105,
nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Boeoek, Bowie, Bojee, Branch, Broom, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Cathie, Carutheis, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R. W.Cobb, Cox, Craigo, Cullcn, Davidson, Henry Win-
ter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott,
English, Ethcudge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Floience,
Fostei, Henry M. Fullci, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Moinson Hams, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Karns, Harrison, Herbert, Hoffmau,
Houston, Jewett, J. Glaucy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennctt,
Kidwcll, Lake, Letehei, Lmdley, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McMullm, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mill-
ward,Moore, Mordceai Oliver, Ou, Paine, Phelps, Sorter,
Powell, Quitman, Readp, Ready, Ricaud, Richardson,
Riveis, Itufim, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seott, Samuel A.
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, {Stephens, Stewart,
Svvope, Talbott, Tnppe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, War-
ner, Watkins, Wells, Wheeler, Williams, Wmslow, Daniel
B. Wugiit, John V. Wright, and Zoliicoffer—lOo.
NAYS—Messrs. Albught, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghur&t, Bingham, Bishop,
BIisp, Bradshavv, Brenton, Buffmgton, Burhngame, James
If. Campbell, Chaffee, dawson, Colfax, Comma, Cragin,
Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durl'ee, Edie, Edwards, Emiie. Flag-
ler, Galloway, Gidding.*, Gilbert, G ranger, Grow, Robert "B.
Hall, Harlan*, Iiiekmah, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Val-
entine B. Horton, Howard, ITugh.'ton, Kelsey, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Loiter, Mace, Matte-
son, McOarty, Meaeham, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols, Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Pennington,
Pettit, Pike, Pimgle, Pumance, Ritchie, Robbins, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Strana-
han, Tappan, Thomistoii, Thur&ton, Todd, Tiafton, Tyson,
V<iil, Wade, WalbnUge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burne, Eiliiui B. Washbuine, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Welch, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—101.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Pending the call,
Mr. BOCOCK stated that he had been requested
by his colleague [Mr. Caskxe] to state, when
this proposition came up, that he was utterly
opposed to it. Though called home by urgent
considerations, yet he would never have paired
off with any gentleman except one whom he had
reason to believe would vote for the resolution.
He would vote against it in every stage, if here.
Mr. MACE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
