1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1835
the Senate that we have three or four subjects
under consideration which are half disposed, of,
and we shall get our business in extreme confu-
sion if we take up a strongly contested bill, and
consider it in the morning hour. There are two
or throe bills now unfinished, which belong to the
morning hour.
The question being taken on Mr. Trumbull's
motion by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas 18, nays
17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Bright, Clay, Clayton, Collamer, Dodge, Fessen-
den, Fish, Foster, Harlan, Jones of Iowa, Seward, Trum-
bull, Wade, WeJler, Wright, and Yulee—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Biggs, Brown, Doug-
las, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Geyer," Houston, Hunter, lverson,
Johnson, Pratt, Pugli, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey,
and Toombs—17.
The motion was agreed to; a-nd the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the In-
terior, from and after the 1st of January, 1856,
to allow to agents for paying pensions a com-
mission of three per centum on the amount of
moneys annually disbursed by them. This com-
mission is to be in full compensation for all ser-
vices and contingent expenses of the agents,
except for office rent, books, printing, and sta-
tionery, and the expense of transporting the
funds to their office, where any such expense is
incurred. The amount jof compensation allowed
to any one agent is not, however, to exceed
$2,000 a year. Each agent is to state his accounts
quarterly, and transmit them to the proper ac-
counting officer of the Treasury for settlement,
and a duplicate to the Commissioner of Pensions.
He is also to transmit, semi-annually, to the Com-
missioner, the names of all pensioners on the list
of his agency at the commencement of each half
year, designating the names of those whose pen-
sions have transpired, those who have not de-
manded their pensions for fourteen months, those
who have been transferred to other agencies, and
the names of the female pensioners who have
married.
The bill further provides that its provisions,
in regard to compensation, shall be extended to
those persons, their heirs, and legal representa-
tives, who served as agents for paying pensions
prior to the 20th of February, 1847, and subse-
quent to the 20th of April, 1836, when no com-
pensation was provided by law for such services,
if such agents were not banking corporations,
nor the officers or agents of those corporations.
The Committee on Pensions reported the bill
with an amendment in the fourth section, after
the word ** agents," to insert—
Except in the case of Shepherd Knapp.
So that the clause will read:
Provided, Such agents, except in the case of Shepherd
Knapp, weic not banking corporations, nor the officers or
agents thereof.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the
report of the committee in this case.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report; but
before he concluded,
Mr. HUNTER said: So far as I am concerned,
I am satisfied. I have read the report; and, unless
some other member desires it, it may be discon-
tinued.
The further reading of the report was dispensed
with.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendment.
Mr. IIUNTER. If we are to go into the sub-
ject of internal improvements at one o'clock, this
bill had better be postponed. I am opposed to
the bill; but I do not wish to have the trouble of
commencing the debate now, and then going over
it to-morrow. Let us fix some day when we shall
take it up—to-day, or to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. To-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. "Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall have no objection,
if it be the understanding that we shall take it up
at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. I can only speak as to my
own vote.
Mr. ^BENJAMIN. Some other bills—a half
dozen—^vere begun before this in the morning
hour; and I shall certainly resist this being taken
up to-morrow morning. It only wants one minute
of on® o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the consideration of the special order has arrived,
and must be taken up, unless otherwise directed.
The special order is the unfinished business of
yesterday.
HARBOR OF NEWARK.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness, the bill (S. No. 10) to continue the improve-
ments in the harbor of Newark, New Jersey.
A debate of over four hours ensued on the
general subject of river and harbor improvements,
and the constitutionality and propriety of appro-
priating the public money for such purpose.
Messrs. HUNTER, STUART, BENJAMIN,
TOOMBS, CASS, GEYER, PUGH, BROWN,
COLLAMER, and BIGLER, participated in the
discussion. This debate will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. YULEE. I am about to move an adjourn-
ment, as the hour is late; but before doing so, I
wish to give notice of a motion to reconsider
Senate bill No. 327, relating to the atmospheric
telegraph. I do this at the request of the Senator
who reported the bill; but at the same time I feel
it due to myself to say that, as I voted against it
before, I shall vote against the bill hereafter.
My opinion is not changed, but I wish to make
the motion at the request of a friend.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered on the Journal, and
can be taken up at any future time.
Mr. YUL*EE. I now move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. BIGLER. I hope the motion will not be
agreed to. We ought to have an executive ses-
sion.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 5, noes 19; not a quorum voting.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. YULEE. Can the yeas and nays be
ordered when there is not a quorum present ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
Mr. YULEE. I desire to read to the Chair
the provision of the Constitution which is appli-
cable to this case:
"A majority of eacii [llou^ej shall constitute a quo-
rum to do business; but a smaller number may adjourn
from day to day, and may be authonzed to compel the
attendance of absent members, in <ueh manner, and under
fcuch penalties, as each House luayprovidc,"
The only power which a less number than a
quorum 1ms is to adjourn from day to day, and
to compel the attendance of absent members.
Whether the Senate will order the yeas and
nays is a question, and no question can be de-
cided, no business can be done, without a quo-
rum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Any Senator
has a right to call for the yeas and nays, and one
fifth of the members present can order them to
be taken.
Mr. YULEE. Can less than a quorum decide
that question, for you have not a quorum here? ■
["Yes."] 1
Mr. BUTLER. My friend from New York
[Mr. Fish] asked me to pair off with him, as he
was very unwell. 1 told him that I would do so.
I suppose, therefore, that 1 must  efrain from
voting on this motion.
Mr. CLAY. I am requested to state, that on
this bill my colleague [Mr. Fitzpatrick] and
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] had
agreed to pair off in consequence of the indispo-
sition of both of them, and have left the Senate.
The Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] who is
absent on account of sickness, have also paired
off, and both have left the Senate.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted as follows:
YEA?5—Messrs. Biggs, Bright, Clay, Hunter, Mallory,
and Yulee—6.
NAYS—Me<5*r*. Bell of Npw Hampshire, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Bigler, Cass, Dodge, Douglas, Durkee, Foot,
Foster, Geyer, Hailan, James, Johnson, Junes* of Iowa,
Pratt, Pugli, Sebastian, Seward. Stuart, Thomson of New
Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, and Wright—24.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On this mo-
tion the yeas are 6, and the nays 24; so the Senate
refuses to adjourn; but there is not a quorum
present, and no business can be done until a quo-
rum is present. The Sergeant-at-Arms can be
directed by the Senate to go for the absentees. ^
Mr. STUART. I suppose there is nothing in
the way of discussion. The debate can go on as
well without a quorum as with it. [" No."]
Mr. BIGLER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The PRESIDENT pro te7npore. That motion
is not in order, there not being a quorum present.
Mr. STUART. Allow me to inquire what is
the rule on which the Chair decides that there is
not a quorum present ? Thirty members an-
swered to their names. Is not that a majority of
all the Senators now elected to this body ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
decided, by an express vote at the last session,
that it requires a majority of the whole number
of Senators entitled to seats on the floor to con- *
stitute a quorum.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That was decided at th«
first Congress.
Mr. JONES, oflowa. I ask the Chair whether
a Senator has a right to sit here and refuse to
vote, when his name is called, though he may
have paired off with another gentleman ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a
question for the Senate, and not for the Chair to
decide.
Mr. JONES, oflowa. I submit the goint.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What Sena-
tor does the member from Iowa ask shall bo com-
pelled to vote ?
Mr. BUTLER. I know that I am the Senator
alluded to. I thought at first that I would vote
on the motion to adjourn, but I pcrceived that
the mciits of the question were involved in that,
for gentlemen on the one side were voting in one
way, and gentlemen on the other side in the oppo-
site way. 1 have no hesitation in saying that, if
Governor Fish were here, his vote would be
against mine, and so we should be equal.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave to say, as I feel
an interest in this matter, that my colleague in-
formed me he had paired off with the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, and I have no doubt
he understands the arrangement as the honorable
Senator does.
Mr. BUTLER. No doubt of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Senator
from Iowa insists on the Senator from. South
Carolina voting, the question will be put to the
Senate whether lie shall be excused from voting.
Mr. STUART. I apprehend that is not neces-
sary.
Mr. PUGH. I will vote to excuse the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina, for I do not
desire to force any gentleman to vote. I think,
however, it should be put on the Journal that
such and such Senators asked to be excused from
voting. That would show the presence of a
quorum.
Mr. STUART. I do not desire to continue
the Senate in session beyond their'own wishes,
and I rise only to make a single remark in con-
nection with the subject before us, which I had
intended to make at some time during the day.
I have before expressed my disinclination lo be
drawn into this very desultory and, as it seems
to me, with all respect to other Senators, un-
necessary debate. Gentlemen disclaim all idea
of being factious in their opposition to these bills,
and we are bound to suppose that they mean
what they say; but, to all the rest of us, their
course looks much like that kind of opposition.
Nusv I only wish to remark, that on the earliest
occasion, when I have the opportunity—and I
shall endeavor to avail myself of it upon the first
general appropriation bill which comes up—I in-
tend to make a full reply to the remarks which
were directed against me to-day by the honorable
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] I sought
at several periods to coirect him in his statement
of fact, but I failed in that- 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
is out of order. There is not a quorum present,
as it appears from the record, and no business
can be done without a quorum.
Mr. CLAY. I trust the Senate will adjourn.
We have been in session for nearly five hours
and twenty minutes.
Mr. STtlART. If there be no quorum here,
certainly the Senate has a right to discuss the
question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What question ?
Mr. STUART. The question before the Sen-
ate. We cannot vote on it without a quorum,
but it may be discussed without a quorum.
