THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON", D. C. '
Thir.ty-Focr.th Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, APRIL 21, 1856.
New Series....No. 6K
ground of unconstitutionality, and I think we
have as much right to help the old States m agri-
culture as we have to acquire new ones without
any law whatever.
Mr. SMITH, by general consent, withdrew
his amendment.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was then
concurred in.
Mr. SMITH moved that the committee do now
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and (Mr. Cobb, of
Georgia, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore) the Chairman (Mr. Nichols) reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the Senate amendments to the defi-
ciency bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, Esq., his Private Secretary.
CRIMINAL CASES IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. Tliat the Seeietary of the Treasury be re-
guested to tuloini iIm.s IJou-:e what amount ot' money hiw
been paid from the national Treasury for co.:ts in criminal
oases, and on wan ants to prevent breaches of the peace m
the Distuet of Columbia, lor the year ending the 30th of
March, I806 ; and whether m Ins opinion any legislation i«
necessary to protect the Treasury against unjust claims on
account of sucn acts.
Mr. BOYCE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion for one moment, to enable
me to have a document on the Speaker's table
taken up and referred.
Mr, BOYCE withdrew the motion.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask that the message
of the President on the Speaker's table be laid
before the House, in order to have it referred and
printed.
There being no objection, a communication
was read from the President of the United States,
transmitting reports from the Secretaries of War
and of the Interior, in reply to a resolution of the
House of Representatives of 31st ultimo, calling
for information 111 relation to the origin, progress,
and present condition of Indian tribes in the Ter-
ritories of Oregon and Washington, and also the
means adopted to preserve the peace and protect
the inhabitants of said Territories; which, with
the accompanying papers, was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
LEGISLATURE OF OREGON.
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent, presented
memorials of the Legislature of the Territory of
Oregon; which were severally referred as indi-
cated below, and ordered to be printed.
Memorial as to Oregon City claim. Referred
to the Committee oil Public Lands.
Memorial in relation to the Capitol. Referred
to the Committee 011 the Territories.
Memorial for port of entry. Referred to the
Committee 011 Commerce.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask leave
of the House to report back from the Committee
for the District of Columbia a bill referred to that
committee, with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute, which I ask to have printed, and its
consideration postponed till Wednesday next.
Mr. BENSON. 1 ask whether that would
operate to make it a special order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will not,
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I object.
And then, on motion of Mr. JONES, of Ten-
nessee, the House (at half past three o'clock,)
adjourned till to-morrow, at twelve o 'clock ,m.
61
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 18, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 99) to amend "An act to
provide for the payment of horses and other prop-
erty lost or destroyed in the military service of the
United States, "approved March 3,1849, was read
the first and second times by unanimous consent,
and referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 230) to continue half-pay
to Mrs. Lewright Browning for a further term of
five years, was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. SEWARD. That if&a bill which was
passed by the Senate at the last session, on the
recommendation of the Committee on Pensions;
but it failed in the House. It has now been
passed in the House of Representatives, and has
been sent here. I hope the Senate will allow it
to pass without objection.
Mr. TOOMBS. It will be better to refer it to
the committee.
The PRESIDENT. If objected to, it will
have to be referred.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The bill (H. R. No. 121) to surrender to the
State of Illinois the Cumberland road in said
State, was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does that bill necessarily
go to the Committee on Roads and Canals?
Mr. SLIDELL. I will remark, with the per-
mission of the Senator from Illinois, that a bill,
in precisely the same word3, passed the Senate
last year, reported from the Committee on Roads
and Canals; and a bill is now before the commit-
tee which it is the inteution of the committee to
report at an early day; and I presume there can
be no objection to put this bill on its passage at
once, without reference.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. BIGGS. I object.
The bill was, therefore, referred to tho Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
kane's arctic expedition.
The joint resolution (J. R. No. 11) for the
purchase of Dr. Kane's forthcoming work on
Arctic explorations, and. for the presentation of
medals to Dr. Kane, his offieeis and men, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying for the adoption
of measures for the construction of a railroad to
the Pacific; which, as the special committee has
reported on that subject, was laid upon the table.
Air BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
Mrs. A. P. Derrick, widow of William S. Der-
rick, deceased, late chief clerk in the State De-
partment, praying for compensation for the ser-
vices of her husband as acting Secretary of State;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of An-
drew A. H. Knox, praying for the confirmation
of his title to certain lands in the Bastrop grant,
in the State of Louisiana; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mi*. RUSK presented papers relating to the
claim of Major James Belger, of the^ United
States Army, to be released from liability for
public money of which he was defrauded by his
confidential clerk; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented three memorials of citi-
zens of New York, praying for the adoption of
measures for the construction of a railroad to the
Pacific; which were laid on the table*
Mr. PRATT presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Maryland, praying for tkc establishment
of a mail route from Churchville to Perrymans*
ville, in that State; which were referrea to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
Also, the memorial of Richard Arell, an officer
in the war of 1812, praying for compensation for
injuries to his health, caused by his confinement
and ill usage while a prisoner of war; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions*
Mr. WELLER. I am requested to presents
memorial of a committee of a general meeting of
miners of Tuolumne county, California, praying
for the enactment of a law confirming them in theif
claims to the lands'taken up by them for mining
purposes. They represent that the miners of
that country, and those of almost the entire State,
are suffering through the grievous evil of an utter
want of adequate law to define their rights and
privileges; and among the grievances most prom-
inent is the seizure and sale of such portions of
mineral lands as they take up and occupy for
mining purposes, known among miners as mining
claims. These claims are located upon the pub-
lic domain, not yet under surveys and not yet
brought into market for disposal by the Grenerat
Government. Over those lands the State courts
in some instances exercise jurisdiction) and the
lesser courts of the State townships, upon process
of law, or under color of law, seize, sell, and dis-
possess the miner. The memorialists are aware
that the law proceedings taken in the courts of
the State of California, with reference to mineral
lands, as set forth, are improper and unlawful;
but the memorialists are not able to supply the
means necessary to contend against such acts;
and therefore thoy earnestly pray that the Con-
gress of the nation may, by some formal act rel-
ative to the premises, so confirm them in th©
claims taken up by them that they may no longer
be deprived or dispossessed of the means of using*
lands intended for their benefit through the liber-
ality of their country. The memorial is signed by
Thomas W. Cazneau, and some seventeen other
gentlemen, who constitute the committee of actual
miners, appointed at a general meeting in Tuo-
lumne county; and I move that it be referred to
the Committee 011 Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That II. L. Kendnck iiave leave to withdraw
his peutioa and papers.
UNIFORM RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire concerning the expediency of establishing
uniformity m the rates of postage within the United States,
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Patents he instructed
to consider the expediency of amending the patent laws so
far as to allow the inhabitants of the neighboring British
Provinces to enjoy the benefit of these laws on an equal
footing, in all respects, with citizens of the United States.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns it be to Mon-
day next.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of the legal
representatives of Rinaldo Johnson and Ann E.
Johnson, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 255) for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Rinaldo Johnson, and of Ann J2.
Johnson, deceased; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
