1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
admitted into the Union thereafter, are to acquire
the same rights, subjcct to like provisions and
restrictions.
Mr. WELLER explained the provisions of
the bill in a speech, which will be found in the
Appendix.
Mr. SEWARD. I have some thoughts to sub-
mit to the Senate at some time when it will be
convenient to them, on this important subject. I
would therefore move to postpone its further con-
sideration to such a day as shall be agreeable to
the Senate, with reference to the object itself, and
to other matters which will probably engage at-
tention.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to know whether
there is any special order for Tuesday next?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) Several special orders have been
named, which are undisposed of, that have pri-
ority of this.
Mr. SEWARD. There are about half a dozen
special orders that will occupy next week.
Mr. WELLER. Then, with the consent of
the Senator from New York, I propose to name
next Thursday for this bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Perhaps the Senator had
better say next Tuesday week. By that time I
hope we shall get through with the special orders.
I have a special order of my own which I must
bring before the Senate next week.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration of this bill until the Tuesday of the week
after next. i
Mr. BPvODHEAD. I think we ought to fix j
upon an earlier day for the consideration of this |
bill. I would prefer to name next Wednesday. I
I have opposed Pacific railroad bills heretofore, \
because the requisite surveys had not been made; j
and the provision of law authorizing surveys i
across the continent was adopted on my motion, j
The surveys have been made, and now I am pre- !
pared to go on with this bill at an early day. I |
nave been favorably impressed with the" well-con- |
sidered and forcible remarks of the Senator from ;
California. I hope this great measure will be j
taken up at an earlier day in preference to ques- ]
tions on which mere political speeches are to be \
made.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to have this bill
taken up at a much earlier day than that indicated
by the Senator from New York. As I said be-
fore, I am very anxious to get the action of the
Senate on this bill. It is well known that we
have been engaged m the discussion of abstract
questions, and I am always opposed to that.
This is a practical question, and, in my judg-
ment, far the most important one which will be
submitted to the consideration of the Senate at -
this session. I ask, therefore, that it may be 1
made the special order for Wednesday next. If !
the public business at that time shall render it :
necessary to postpone it further, it can be de- 1
layed; but it must be some very pressing busi- j
ness, indeed, that I should agree to take prece- '
denceofit.
Mr. BIGLER. I am certainly not inclined to |
interfere with the bill of my friend from Cahfor- j
nia. I would facilitate the disposition of it, but
I am certainly not satisfied that fixing a very
early day will have that tendency. The Senator
from California has offered very appropriate and
significant remarks, which I knowfrom his state-
ment will be published accompanied with inter-j
esting tables, all of which I shall be very glad to :
examine before taking my position on this bill. !
I suggest to the Senator from California whether i
we shall have a fair opportunity of seeing those |
tables and examining them by Wednesday next; 1
and whether Tuesday week would not piobably j
be as eaily a day as he could hope to get a vote j
on the subject? ,
Several Members. The vote will not be taken
for three weeks yet.
Mr. BIGLER. I have not the slightest objec-
tion to naming any day for the consideration of
the bill, if the vote will not be taken for three
weeks.
Mr. WELLER. This bill was reported on
the 24th of March, 1856. I then moved its post-
ponement for three weeks, in order that Senators
might have an opportunity of examining not only
the bill, but the reports which have been made by
the topographical corps who have explored the
country. I postponed it for that length of time
with the hope that Senators would turn their at-
tention to the subject. 1 do not think it would
be right now, after having been so long before
the Senate, to delay it beyond next Wednesday.
If anything should, occur on that day to make it
necessary to proceed to the consideration of other
business, as a matter of course I should yield;
but I desire, now that it is before the Senate, to
try and keep it there until I shall have obtained a
vote upon it. The question has been very fully
discussed in the Senate heretofore, and I do not
think it will elicit a great deal of debate at this
session. I ask, then, that the question maybe
put on the motion to postpone until Wednesday
next.
Mr. SEWARD. I barely submit to the hon-
orable chairman of the select committee on this
subject, that it is as well to make ourcalculations
with reference to what it will be in our power to
accomplish. I am deeply interested, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Commerce, in the river
and harbor bills, as you are, Mr. President, ^Mr.
Stuart,) and they were made the special order for
a period now ten days past, I think, but we have
not been able to roach them. There are two or
three other special orders. There is one bill
among them, which I suppose will elicit some
discussion, which I am committed to call up.
There are but two legislative days between now
and Wednesday next, and I believe both of those
days are understood to be engaged, by the cour-
tesy of the Senate, by members who desire to
b^ heard on particular subjects. If we assign
Wednesday next, I do not think we shall reach
this question,because you, sir, when you get out
of the chair, and are on the floor, will require ;
another question to be taken up; and yuu will i
have strong claims, and I shall be bouncl to sus- 1
tain you. I submit, then,to the Senator, whether
we had better not say next Tuesday week. When
we take that ground we shall have some claims
on the consent of the Senate. If we name Wednes-
day, we shall certainly be obliged to give way.
Mr. WELLER. 3 will agree to that propo-
sition, if I can have it understood that when the
bill is taken up, it shall be acted upon.
Mr. SEWARD, The honorable Senator shall
have my agreement to that.
Mr. WELLER. I do not doubt, it.
Mr. SEWARD. He and I, when it is taken
up, will do the best we can to get the bill passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the bill until next
Tuesday week, the 29th instant.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE P. MARSH.
Mr. FOOT. Some davs ago, on my motion,
the Senate took up a private bill for the relief of
George P. Marsh, upon which I submitted a full
explanation at the time, and on my motion it
was temporarily ordered to lie upon the table. I
call up that bill now for consideration.
Air WELLER. Will it not be reached in its
regular order ? I am desirous that the bill shall
be acted upon; but I think we can reach it in
order.
Mr. FOOT. I will remark to my honorable
friend from California, that it would have been
reached on the Calendar last Friday, if it had
not been lying on the table.
Mr. WELLER. Very well; I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I must insist on the Private
Calendar being taken up in its order. There are
many quite as deserving and meritorious cases as
this is. Besides, I wish to be heard on the bill
alluded to by the Senator from Vermont. I was
not here the other day when it was under con-
sideration. I did not know that it would be |
called up to day, or I should have come prepared j
to debate it. I wish to submit some views in ;
regaidtoit. ,
Mr. FOOT. I propose to offer an amendment
or two, and then I shall have no objection to Jay- •
ing it on the table until the Senator is prepared. :
Mr. BRODHEAD. Very well; I have no ob-
jection to taking up the bill with that understand-;
ing. # _ i
Mr. ADAMS. If we passed over this bill
last Friday in consequence of its lying on the j
table then, I think it is proper to take it up now ;
as having preference. i
Mr. FOOT. It was passed over then.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee "of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 143) for the relief of
George P. Marsh.
Mr. FOOT. The claim of Mr. Marsh for ju-
dicial services under the act of 1848, while min-
ister resident at Constantinople, was presented
in a separate bill, which has already gone from
the Senate and is now in the House of Repre-
sentatives. The Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, when reporting this bill making compen-
sation for his services on a special mission to
Greece, intended to strike out so much of it as
related to his judicial services under the act of
1848, and did strike out a portion, but not the
whole of it; so that the portion relating to that
claim which remains m tlie bill is incongruous.
I therefore move to strike out all that relates to
the judicial services.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. I further move to amend the bill
by striking out $4,500 and inserting &9,000.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill, as
amended, reads as follows:
Be it enacted, &c. That the Secretary of thf Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to audit and settle the accounts
of George P. Maish, late Minister Resident ot the United
States to the Ottoman Porte, for additional compensation
and evp«nse^ incurred by him in the performance of special
services not pertaining to his mission, and at a point differ-
ent fiom that to which lie was accredited, in compliance
with inactions from the Department of State; m settle-
in^ wlffeh accounts, the sum of $9.n00 shall be allowed aa
compensation for said special services in the mission to
Greece, and in asceilainmg the amount of said expenses
the certificate of the party shall be regarded as sufficient
where no regular voucher can be produced.
Mr. FOOT. Now, if my honorable friend from
Pennsylvania desires to be heard on this bill and
is not prepared at the present time, as a matter
of personal courtcsy to him I will consent that it
be postponed until next Friday.
Mr BRODHEAD. I am very much obliged
to my friend from Vermont, and on next Friday
I shall endeavor to have it considered.
The bill was postponed until Friday next.
SAMUEL A. MORSE AND OTHERS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When the
Senate adjourned on last Friday the bill under
consideration was Senate billNo. 171, for the re-
lief of Samuel A. Morse and others. It is there-
fore the unfinished business, and is first in order
to-day.
Mr. WELLER. That bill was fully explained,
and I believe there is scarcely any opposition to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
The question is on the amendment reported by
the Committee on Commerce as a substitute.
Mr, HAMLIN. There is a misprint in the
amendment in the first section, in the date of the
passage of an act: March 14 should read March
19, to conform to the actual date of the law. I
move that " 14" be stricken out and " 19" in-
serted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. This is a large claim,
and it is one of an old date. I have great con-
fidence in the committee which reported it; but I
should prefer hearing the report read. A case
which has stood unsettled for such a length of
time as this, ought to be very well fortified. A
long interval has intervened between the date of
the service said to have been rendered and the
present day. It must be apparent to all Senators
that there must have been some obstacle here-
tofore to the payment of this claim or it would
have received favorable consideration long since.
Besides, we have at great expense established a
Court of Claims for the examination and settle-
ment of all cases of this character. It appears
to me that if the money is due under the law, as
the reading of the bill would imply, the case
should be referred, in common with others, to
the court for examination. They are certainly
more competent to scrutinize a claim of this char-
acter than we arc here, judging from the careless
manner in which claims generally go through
this body. I would inquire of the gentleman
who has charge of the bill, at what period was
this claim presented, either to the Department oi?
the Congress, for allowance ? Can he inform me?
I know nothing of it further than is presented
on the ftice ofHhe bill. 1 perceive that it-goes back
