1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts.
And now, sir, that another gentleman [Mr.
Campbell, of Ohio] has been named here this
morning, who is an American and an anti-Ne-
braska man, I cannot take the responsibility of
voting against him, lest it should be said at homo
and in the country that I was pinned to any one
man, and was not willing to vote for another man
equally worthy. I have no objection to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, nor do I mean to say
by the vote which I am now about to give that I
shall not hereafter vote for that gentleman. I
shall be governed by circumstances. I shall vote
now for Mr. Campbell. I vote ay.
Mr. PAINE (on his name being called) said:
Mr. Clerk, in voting on the resolution before the
House no opportunity is allowed me to express
a preference in the selection of a member of this
body to occupy the Speaker's chair. In the
course I shall take I desire simply to show that
I am not willing to stand in the way of an organi-
zation, unless the occasion arise when I may
believe it to be my imperative duty to defeat
such an organization. I cannot support the res-
olution; but, being unwilling to assert that no
other gentleman than the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller] should be
elected to pr9side over us, I abstain from voting
against it, and therefore decline to vote.
Mr. PENNINGTON (on his name being
called) asked that the Clerk should again report
the resolution, stating that he had just entered
the Hall.
The resolution was again reported.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I shall vote in the af-
firmative on that resolution, and I do it without
intending anything in the least disrespectful or in-
vidious towards any other candidate on this floor.
I shall do so in accordance with the declarations
made by me the other day, and the convic-
tions and opinions with which I came into this
Congress as to what was due to my friend from
Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] because of the eminent
ability and fidelity with which he hns discharged
his duty to the country and to his party. I vote
ay.
Mr. PURVIANCE (when his name was
called) rose and said: Mr. Clerk, I desire to make
a word of explanation. I do not indorse the sen-
timents of the honorable gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Mace:] 1 do not agree with him that the
responsibility for our disorganization rests with
those who have been voting for Mr. Banks.
Mr. MACE. I did not say so.
Mr. PURVIANCE. Well, then, on the anti-
Nebraska men of this House. I now desire,
sir, to some extent, to review this question of
responsibility. For six long weeks we have been
voting from'day to day, and we have been dis-
cussing questions wholly irrelevant to the ques-
tion of responsibility for our want of organiza-
tion. And as to the discussion being on this'side
of the House, I have to say, that the Empire
State, with thirty-three members on this floor,
has preserved throughout an almost unbroken
silence. The Buckeye State, with the exception
of a speech or two from the venerable gentleman
from the Ashtabula district, [Mr. Giddings,] and
of impromptu replies of the gentleman from the
Butler district, [Mr. Campbell,] has refrained
from participating in the debate. The Keystone
State, with the exception of some personal ex-
planations among its members, has also abstained
from the discussion of the question. The North-
west has taken but little part m the debate: Now
Jersey, none; and New England, although her
honored son has been assailed here from day to
day, has remained quiet. She has remained tran-
quil: but the time will come, if this House be
ever organized, when she will vindicate "the world-
wide renown of the mother of the first battle-
field of the Revolution. She bides her time, and
that time will come so sine as the sun has risen
in the heavens this day. Her sons, "the wor-
thy sons of worthy sires,'5 have up to the present
moment remained quiet in their seats; and I un-
dertake to say that, during this six weeks5 dis-
cussion—and this is in answer to the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Mace]—the entire North
have not paiticipated in this discussion to the
amount of two days.
Now, what has given rise to this failure of or-
ganization ? The Democratic party over the way
framed a resolution on the slavery question,
although they professed to be in fav-or of peace and
quiet, and opposed to all agitation of that ques-
tion. They present—what > Why, what the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] some time
since declared to be the squatter principle. For
what purpose ? Certainly, for the purpose of agi-
tation. With a view of drawing a line? No;
but to reaffirm the abolition of a compromise
line—a line done away with by an act of the last
Congress, and which the President and the Senate
now stand ready to resist any proposition of res-
toration which may be passed by the popular
branch of the Government. Why thrust into
this House this Nebraska act unless it was for
the purpose of agitation >
Again, who from time to time in this House
have been voting against organization ? They
are not on this side of the House. Who have
been offering the plurality resolution with a view
of organization ? And why should not that rule
have obtained the assent and approbation of this
House ? Referring back to proceedings had here
six years ago, I am told that there arc in their
.seats now four gentlemen of the Democratic side
who voted for that plurality rule when that rule
tended to the election of the honorable member
from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb.] I appeal now, in
all frankness and sincerity, to those gentlemen to
know the reason why they have not cast their
suffrage for that plurality rule on any time of its
submission by my friend and colleague, [Mr.
Knight?]
There is another matter. I am surprised that,
when the honorable gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] submitted to this body, in opposition
to the wishes of his friends, a resolution declar-
ing the honorable gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Orr] the Chairman or Speaker pro tempore
of the House, the gentleman from South Carolina
now calls the previous question 011 the ponding
proposition for declaring the gentleman from Ohio
the Speaker of this Congress; demands that an
immediate vote be taken; and who, for aught we
knew, wished to return the compliment—yet,when
his name is called, votes against the resolution.
Why is all this, unless it grows out of the spirit
of disorganization—a spirit which I say, in an-
swer to my honorable friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Mace,] and I say it with great respect—a spirit
which grows out of the other side of the House.
Mr. READY. Has the gentleman's time ex-
pired ?
The CLERK. It has not; he has five minutes
left.
Mr. PURVIANCE. The gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] declared the other day
that there was not an anti-Nebraska majority m
this House. How that may he I do not know;
but I am not willing to take the a?s< rt ion of the
gentleman from Indiana [IVlr. Mace] alone; I
give this assertion of the gentleman from Georgia
with it.
I am now about to vote for Mr. Campbell. I
feel clear 111 costing that vote. From the lime I
took my seat in this Hull, I have spent days and
nights in honestly endeavoring to organise; and
when I hnve presented to me a man who is an
American, and avows it on this floor, and who is
an anti-slavery man—I do not mean an Abolition-
| ist, and it is a mistake on the part of our southern
friends to suppose that we are Abolitionists when
we support a principle for which we are prepared
to show their States, their fathers, and Congress
after Congress have voted—when there is such a
man as I have indicated presented t~> me, I shall
vote for him. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] is not an Abolitionist. Wo are m
favor of a principle which is nothing more or less
than to compel southern gentlemen to stand by
the principles advocated and maintained by then-
fathers. I vote for Campbell.
Mr. MACE obtained the door.
The CLERK. The gentleman will remember
that all this debate is out of order.
Mr. MACE. I wish to make but a word of
explanation. My friend from Pennsylvania! mis-
understands me. I did not mt"iid to say, and I do
not say, that the gentlemen who have been voting
for Air. Banks were chargeable with the disor-
ganization of this House, because I surely would
not charge myself with being in the way of an
organization. " Now, the only difference between
the gentleman from Pennsylvania and myself is
this: he says that we have not a majority of
anti-Nebraska member on this floor,' and that
we are not, therefore, responsible for this disor-
ganization. If that be'true, the gentleman i&
right: if, however, on the other hand, we have
an anti-Nebraska majority on this floor, and'I
believe we have, then I lay down the doctrine
which will not be controverted before the people>
and that is, that in no legislative body that I
have ever known, where a party has a majority,
and fails to carry out its measures and to elect
its presiding and other officers, has any other
than that party been responsible for the result.
Then, if we have a majority here, the responsi-
bility is with us: if not, then the gentleman from
Pennsylvania is right.
Mr. PURVIANCE. 1 did not say that there
was not an anti-Nebraska majority in the House.
I merely said that the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens] made that assertion.
Mr. SAGE (when his name was called) said:
I desire to give a simple reason for my vote. I
regard the introduction of this resolution as being
ill-timed and mischievous, and I do not think that
it will result in any compliment to the gentleman
whose name is embodied 111 the resolution. If it
could succeed, I would vote for it. I voted for the
gentleman from Ohio until he withdrew his name.
I came not here with any preference for men. I
was willing to vote for the gentleman from Ohio,
or for the distinguished gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Banks,] or for the gentleman from
New Jcrsc)', [Mr. Pennington,] or for any other
gentleman who 1 supposed entertained the same
sentiments that I entertain. But, sir, there are
gentlemen who have voted for this resolution
who did not vote for the gentleman from Ohio
when his name was regularly before the House.
I am very glad that it is so. I hope it may lead
to a union between our friends in casting our votes
hereafter. But, sir, I have another objection to
this resolution. It is well known to the anti-Ne-
braska members here, at least, and I presume to
our opponents—because it is a matter of common
notoriety—that we had an anti-Nebraska meeting
in this Hall, or rather a meeting of all those op-
posed to the present Administration, and that at
that meeting there was n nomination made for
Speaker. The distinguished gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] was the nominee of that
meeling. I feel bound to adhere to the conclusion
or determination of that meeting, until that meet-
ing shall again get together and select some other
i'euileinan to be voted for. I am not—and I speak
for myself alone—to be deterred fiom casting my
vote for the gentleman from Massaclmsetts\mul
that tmi" arrives. Therefore, without going fur-
thin* into jny reasons, I vote no.
Air. SHERMAN (when his name was called)
said: The proposition of the gentlemanfrom Iowa
i places me in a very embarrassing situation. Up
1 to this time J have never had any doubt as to how
to cast my vote, but now 1 confess in all candor
that 1 do hesitate. The result of my conclu-
sions is to vote for this resolution. In doing so,
I separate, to some extent, from many of my
own colleagues, and from many of my friends,
j I desire, therefore, to state the reasons why I
' shall so e,rtst this vote. For twenty-three hallow I
voted for Lewis D. Campbell, of Ohio. It was
the desire of the people that I represent, and of
(he Stale which I in part represent, that Mr.
Campbell should be invested with the lr?h honor
of presiding over the deliberations of this House.
I \oted for hun in good f<J.th,and desired his
election. ]«V>r ninety-one times I have vou.dibr
the distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Air. Bank:?.] 1 have likewise voted for him m
good faith, desiring 011 each haliot to secure his
election.
Gentlemen have endeavored to place the respon-
sibility of a want of organization upon this side
of the Hons.- and upon that side of the House,
I desire to say candidly that 1 think the respon-
sibility rests unon those gentlemen who, profess-
ing to be. and no doubt hemo;, opposed to the
repeal of the Missouri compromise, and to agree
with us m our anti-Nebraska sent ment, have y< t
separated from us, and have uniformly voted for
gentlemen who have been voting either for Mr.
Campbell or Mr. Banks.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, if the gentleman wiT
not take much of my time.
