1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*27
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Davis, of Maryland,
Ho. of Reps.
favorably upon it, and thus spread out on our
statute-book, what I candidly and sincerely be-
lieve to be a far better revenue system than we
have ever had.
kansas contested election.
SPEECH OF HON. H. W. DAVIS,
of maryland,
In the House of Representatives,
March 12,1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from Kansas Territory.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, said: I desire, Mr.
Speaker, to make a few observations on the ques-
tion which the House has to pass upon. With
the criminations and recriminations of adverse
partisans 1 do not meddle.
The Committee of Elections have asked from
the House the authority to send for persons and
papers for the purpose of investigating certain
alleged violations of peace and good order in the
Territory of Kansas. For what purpose do they
ask this power, which is clearly within the power
of this House to give, if there be a purpose to
justify it? They do not propose, sir, to impeach
Governor Reeder for improper administration of
the office of Governor of that Territory. If that
were the purpose, my vote should be in favor of
the investigation. They do not propose to lay
the foundation for an impeachment of the Presi-
dent of the United States for failure to execute
the laws and to see that justice was administered
in that Territory. If that were the question, my
vote should be for the investigation. They do
not propose to investigate generally the great
question of mal-administration or of good admin-
istration of this Territory, for the purpose of hold-
ing any officials, within the control of this House
or under the control of the General Government,
to their official responsibility. If they did, I
should be in favor of the investigation. They do
not desire to expose official corruption through
the intervention of this House as the great inquest
of the nation. If they desire now, if at any time
hereafter any motion shall be submitted, on ade-
quate grounds, asking for an investigation for
tliese purposes, my vote shall be for it. The peo-
ple whom I have the honor to represent here have
no tender susceptibilities connected with this sub-
ject. No people of Maryland have either formed,
or attempted to form, emigrant aid societies. No
people of Maryland have invaded, or attempted to
invade, any of the Territories of this country.
Resting, as Maryland does, centrally between
two sections of this country, honestly and de-
.etedly bound up in the Constitution of this,
ountry, she is ready, freely and fairly, to inves-
tigate grievances alleged either by the North or
by the South, in respect to any Territory, how
far soever it lie toward the setting sun.
Nor, sir, am I afraid of any investigation by
reason of disturbances, or difficulties, or excite-
ment of public feeling which may grow out of it.
There was a time when 1 supposed that this ques-
tion of the organization of Kansas might lead to
grave civil complications. _ The experience of the
last few months, during which this House has been
in session, has convinced me that that cloud, dark
as it was, is a wind-cloud—boisterous, disturbing,
casting the dust in men's eyes, but not charged
with any lightning,Jikely to strike any one of the
towers of the Republic, and having none of the
portentous stillness which marks the coming
earthquake, which can shake its foundations.
I can meet the question as a mere plain question
of the administration of high political law; and I
am content to accept the results, and to abide
by them, by my vote and by my action.
What, then, sir, is the question which we have
before us? In form it is, whether we shall take
evidence in an election case by calling witnesses
before the committee here, or whether a commis-
sion shall be sent to the spot to take it. In this
alternative form, it assumes that there is a case
before the House on which it is proper to take
evidence;on which facts to be proved, by deposi-
tion or by die oaths of witnesses, shall be regarded,
and may have, and ought to have, a legal result
upon the judgment to which this House may be
called to come.
The question which I propose is—if I may use
the phrase—a previous question. The question
which I propose to discuss is not whether this
evidence should be taken in this mode or in that,
but whether there is any case submitted to this
House on which any facts, stated in the report
of either the majority or minority of the commit-
tee, can, according to the settled principles of po-
litical law, be entitled to weigh one feather in the
matter which this House has to decide.
For this purpose I start out in sound logic. I
must start out by conceding the truth of every fact
stated on the face of the committee's report: and if
any of those facts are entitled to any weight, how-
ever slight, the investigation must proceed.
And conceding that fact, I meet the case made
with the distinct denial that, unless there be new
law applied in this case, different from any law
that has ever been recognized in any body, judi-
cial or political, there is any foundation for the
investigation, by parol testimony, of the ques-
tion which this House has to decide in either of
the alternative aspects in which the case of the
committee has been put.
I do not regard as a valid reply the argument
that there should be no investigation because Mr.
Reeder has made out no claim to a seat, if Mr.
Whitfield should be ousted of his; because I sup-
pose that there is a self-determining power in this
House which has the right—as every constitu-
tional body must have—to recognize the elements
of which it is composed; and therefore it is com-
petent for any gentleman here, and competent for
the committee, of its own motion, to inquire into
and for thisHouse to proceed upon their report, as
to the right of Mr. Whitfield to his seat. That
Governor Reeder, therefore, has no business here,
does not touch the question.
It is one of graver moment, though coming up
in the form of an ordinary election question. I
think that it is the first time that this question
haa been submitted to any legislative body in this
country to be passed upon; and entirely aside
from its peculiar complications, and entirely aside
from the comparatively unimportant question
whether there should or should not be a repre-
sentative from the Territory of Kansas on this
floor, in view of the peace of the country and
of maintaining the integrity of the settled course
of our political affairs, it is important thai this
question be decided, hot on any extraneous argu-
ments at all, as to whether the partisan agitators
of the South or the North have been the aggressors,
but upon those principles of political law which
are settled and adjudicated in thiB country, and
which will guide us to peace if we ourselves do
not prove false to them.
It has been argued, with great strength and
irresistible authority, that no court could take into
consideration the questions which we are now
called on to decide by the majority of the Com-
mittee of Elections. That is to say, you are
called on to investigate the right of Mr. Whitfield
to a seat'upon this floor, not because of frauds in
the election at which he was elected—not because of
the violence which was there perpetrated—not be-
cause of the illegal votes which were then cast—
not because of the honest voters who were driven
away from those polls; but because the law under
which that election was held was invalid—invalid
because the members of the Legislature were not
properly elected; and that the Legislature was not
properly elected because of the violence and frauds
commuted in that election. The honorable gentle-
man before me [Mr. Walker] argued with irre-
sistible logic, and it was argued with equal force
by the honorable gentleman from Georgia. [Mr.
Stephens,] that no court could inquire into the
legality of the organization of any. legislative
body; ahd from that they sought to deduce the
argument that this House could not inquire into
it.
Now, sir, while the principle is undoubtedly
true, I may be permitted to - doubt whether the
consequence must necessarily follow. It has been
said that this has been repeatedly decided not to
be a judicial question—and so it undoubtedly is
not a judicial question.
Courts of justice assume th<|: existence of the
Legislative body—they assume the existence of
the law. They take the authority of the body
that passed the law from some other power in the
State. The constitution of the Legislature is
therefore a thing that never has been, and never can
properly be, made a matter of judicial investiga-
tion. The laws are taken by the courts as the
expressed will of some body holding authority
in fact, which they are not at liberty to question;
and the recognition of the existence of the Legis-
lature is made by some other functionary vested
with jurisdiction over that subject. The legality
of a legislative body can never be made a matter
of original proof in the court of justice. The
court accepts on that point the recognition of the
political authority, and does not look beyond the
decision into the sufficiency or insufficiency of the
grounds for it. All judicial functions proceed
upon the assumption that there is a Legislature
in existence. Its functions only begin wnen that
previous question has been decided. It is for
tnat reason that no court of justice ever has
raised—no court of justice ever can raise, the
question that is sought to be raised here.
But does it follow that this House can decide
that question ? There are a great many questions
that a judicial tribunal cannot decide, and one of
them is that touching the validity of the elections
in virtue of which gentlemen around me hold their
seats in this House. It cannot be passed upon
by any judicial tribunal so as to bind anybody
at all upon that question. The reason is, that the
election for this House is not and cannot be made
a judicial question. That is a point behind and
beyond the point at which the powers of the judi-
ciary start. It lies in the circle of the political
functions of the State. It is one of those ques
tions which must be decided before any question
can be decided by the judiciary, before any matter
can take its start which is to be decided under the
municipal law before the courts. But this House
can decide, and does decide, as a first resort and.
as a last resort, upon the validity'of the elections
of its own members. It does not follow, there-
fore, because the courts cannot decide a question,
that this House cannot decide it.
While, therefore, I concur in the conclusions
to which these honorable gentleman have come,
I am compelled to say that their argument proves
too much. It does not establish the point at
which they desire to arrive.
What, then, is the principle that must control
this House in its decision of this question ? It is
not a judicial question; and when it is once de-
cided not to be a judicial question, the great diffi-
culty is out of the way. If it be not a judicial
question, we must look elsewhere than in a court
of justice; we must look elsewhere than to your
judicial tribunals for the functionary charged with
the decision of the question. And when we re-
member that all administrative powers are di-
vided into those which are political, and into those
which are judicial, we shall instantly see that,
when the courts disclaim jurisdiction over ques-
tions, it is because they are to be referred to
the political body which is to decide in the first
instance, to decide in the last instance, and de-
cide so as to be binding upon the courts. The
courts of justice take the decisions of the political
tribunal, on matters political and not judicial, to
be final, and take them as the starting point of
their proceedings; but why? Because the very
existence of Government rests upon the postulate,
that for every difference about political conduct
there is a final arbiter, whose decision is absolute,
binding upon every body, and all questions,
whether tney may be judicial questions, or
whether they be political questions—whether they
relate to the administration of justice between
man and man, or to the organization of govern-
ment and the ascertainment of the bodits legis-
lative or judicial which are to be obeyed.
The vesting ofthis political power, is a separate
branch of consideration. We are now inquiring
where the power to deeide on the due constitution
of the Kansas Legislature is vested ? If this House
has the right to pass upon the election and quali-
fications of its own members, it is because the
Constitution has here vested that power; and it
has so vested it because it is a political question.
And, on inquiring for the Legislature of Kansas,
we do not go to the courts for the right so to
decide, but we go to the laws of Congress for
