1838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 30,
half pay for life, if they continued in the ser-
vice of the country. They did continue in the
service; they rendered effectual service; they
aided in achieving the independence of the coun-
try. Afterwards, many of them were compelled,
as the best the Government could or would do,
to take, as a commutation, full pay for five years.
"What they received was not in cash or money's
worth, but the scrip of the Government, worth
only twelve per cent. You agreed to pay them;
and you are able to pay them. Your Treasury is
full. You are paying millions to settle the claims
of individual States, sometimes making them
gratuitous; but here is an old claim, a just debt not
paid—not discharged, and now will not you dis-
charge it ? A nation which is able to perform its
promises and obligations, and does not do it,
cannot stand, and ought not to stand.
I now resign the floor to the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. SMITH. I have only one more argument
to advance. If this bill proposes to provide right-
fully for any class of revolutionary soldiers, I
ask if it is any argument against it that it does
not embrace other classes? Now the whole ar-
gument of the gentleman from North Carolina,
as I understand it, is, that it does not include
others who, he thinks, oughtto be included. For
instance, the gentleman would provide for the
common soldier. Well, provide for him. I have
a heart, I hope, as fully open to all claims upon
my benevolence as that gentleman has; but it is
no argument against this bill, that it does not
compensate all whom some gentlemen think ought
to be included. Mind you, this bill is intended
to carry out a contract made by the Continental
Congress. Mind you, this bill is intended and
designed to provide for those who are parties to
that contract, and for none others. It proposes to
confine itself to them, and to fulfill all obligations
•which we incurred in that dark hour.
I demand the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay the bill upon
the table; and upon that motion I ask the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 103; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. llarksdale, Bliss, Branch, Brenton,
Ezra Clark, Howell Cobb, Williamson 11. W. <;obb,(Juu e,
Cniwt'urilj'Cumback, DavuUon, Day, Dean, Denver, Dodd,
Dowdell, Dunn, Giddiugs, Granger, Greenwood, Harlan,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Uotloway, Hous-
ton, IlugUhton, VV. Jonea, Knowlton, Lake, JUciter,
Letcher, Samuel S. Marshall, McCarty, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Morgan, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Packer,
Terry, i'lieips, I'liu1, Puryear, Clmunan, KulOii, Ktist, iSan-
didge, Suva^e, Sewaid, Satuuul A. Smith, Sneod, Stanton,
Tral'ton, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Warner, Williams,
Wood, and Daniel 11. Wright—01.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Ball, Baibonr, Barclay,
Bell, Henry [Sennet!, Hemlley S. Bennett, Benson, Billing-
hurst, Bishop, Bowie, Biadstiavv, Broom, Bulhnton, Bui-
nett, James II. Campbell, John 1'. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, C'aihle, Curuthers, Caskm, C'lialloe, dawson,
Colliix, Connns, Covode, Cullen, Damrell, I)iek, Duifee,
Edits, Edmundson, Bdwards, Emrie, English, Footer, Henry
M. Fuller, Galloway, Gilbeil, Goode, Glow, llobeit 11.
Hall, J. Moirison Hants, Ilatuson, Haven, Hodman, Val-
entine B. Hoiton, J. Glaney Jones, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knox, Kunkel, Ltndley, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Matteson, Maxwell, Killian Miller, Moore, Mornll,
Mott, Parker, Peek, Pelton, I'ettit, Powell, Purvianeu,
Iteady, Ilieaud, ltitehie, Rivers, ltobbins, faalnn, Sage,
Sapp, Slioilei, Simmons, William Smith, Spmnei, Stew-
art, Stiannhan,Tappan,Ta>lor, Thormgton, Todd, Ttippe,
Tyson, Vatl, V'alk, Wakeman, Walker, Cadwalader V.
Wash bin n e, Elhhu B. Washbuine, Israel Washburn, Wat-
son, Weleli, Wells, Whitney, Win&low, Woodruff, John
V. Wright, and Zolhcotfer—105.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. JEWETT stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Burlingame.
Mr. BURNETT stated that Mr. Elliott was
siclc.
Mr. CADWALADER stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Davis, of Massachusetts.
Mr. EVANS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Roberts.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put, being, "Shall
the bill pass?"
Mr. CRAIGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BllOOM. According to custom, I be-
lieve, as chairman of the committee, I am privi-
leged to say a few words in reference to this bill.
I deem it necessary to do so from the effort that
has been made by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones,] and by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Craise,] to throw a mist around
the plain statement of the case. I deem it due to
every member of this House, that he should have
a full understanding of the case before he is called
upon to vute on its final passage. More partic-
ularly, sir, do I desire to answer one of the
charges of the gentleman from North Carolina,
as to an error of a historical character, which he
imputes to me in the few remarks that I made
this morning on this bill.
I shall occupy the attention of the House but
a very few minutes. He says, that this commu-
tation act of 1783 was passed at the instance and
on the petition of the officers of the revolution-
ary army. The record shows that the officers
at whose instance it was passed numbered only
seventeen.
Mr. CKAIGrE, (interrupting.) I would ask the
gentleman, here, whether these seventeen did not
profess to act for the whole, and whether, after
the act was passed, it was not submitted to all the
officers by lines, and accepted by them by lines ?
Mr. BllOOM. They were not, from anything
I have ever seen or heard, authorized by the rest
of the officers of the revolutionary army to act in
the matter at all. I read from the report:
" About that period, some dissatisfaction having arisen
at the half-pay system, a proposition was made to commute
the half pay for life for five years'fuli pay; and, on the
petition of seventeen officers only. Congress passed an act
(see law of March 22,1783) declaring that the officers who
were entitled to half pay for life might receive, in lieu
thereof, five years' full pay in money or securities, bearing
an interest at six per cent.; which commutation was to be
accepted by lines and States, and not as individuals."
The greatest number of officers in the revolu-
tionary array has been estimated to be two thou-
sand four hundred and eight. Then the interest
of thousands of officers was to be affected upon
the application of seventeen men only, aided, if my
recollection serves me aright, by the resolutions
of one of the JN'ew England States declaring its
dissatisfaction with the half-pay system for life,
and calling^on Congress to pass a commutation
act of some kind or other, to put an end to the
matter. So much for the seventeen officers, out
of the thousands who were interested in the
movement.
Again: the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] alludes to surgeons'mates having been
introduced into the bill as officers of the army.
I think that he, or any other gentleman on this
floor, will not question the fact, that a surgeon
of an army is a very important officer. When
that army is, or is likely to be, engaged in battle,
he is a highly important officer. He is, indeed,
indispensable to the well-being of the army, and
his mates, or assistants, surely ought to stand on
the same footing with him.
The gentleman from Tennessee further remarks,
that half pay was given to those officers—the few
who survived—from the year 1826. The bill
now before the House, sir, does not propose to
carry the half-pay system beyond the date when
that half pay was provided by Congress for the
few surviving officers living at that time.
So much, then, for the objections urged. Now
for a plain statement of the case.
Genera! Washington, in one of his letters ad-
dressed to Congress, on the 20th August, 1780,
says:
"On the whole, if something satisfactory be not don<>,
the army (already so reduced in officers by daily resigna-
tions as not to leave a sufficiency to do the common duties
of it) must cithei cea-<e to exist at the cud of the eampaigu,
or it will exhibit an example of mote virtue, fortitude, self-
denial, and poraeverrtiK'e, than has evei yet been parallek d
m the hutoiy ot human enthusiasm. The dissolution of
the army is an event which cannot be rccaided with indif-
ference. It would biiug accumulated di-tiess upon u-;; it
would throw the people of -Ameiica into a general conster-
nation; it would discredit our cau<e throughout the world ;
it would shock our allies. To think of replacing the offi-
cers with others is visionary. The lo&s of the veteran sol-
diers could not be repaired."
In compliance with General Washington's
recommendation, Congress, on the 21st day of
October, 1780, passed a resolution in the follow-
ing words:
" Resolved, That the officers who shall continue in the ser-
vice lo the end of the ivar shall be entitled to half pay for hjet
to commence from the time of their reduction
That resolution is the basis on which this bill
stands. The commutation act has already been
noticed. It was to be accepted by lines and
States, and not as individuals.
Now, the resolution of 1780, as has been before
remarked, was a matter affecting the officers indi-
vidually , and was not left to them by lines and by
States to determine whether they would accept
the proposed half pay for life as a consideration
for their continued service. Each one was left
free to determine the matter for himself. Each
one of them did accept it, and remained in the
army, and discharged his duties in a brave and
noble manner, which evoked from Washington,
at the close of the war, a letter of which the fol-
lowing is an extract:
"That in the critical and perilous moment when the
last-mentioned communication was made, there was the
utmost danger that a dissolution of the army would have
taken place, unless measures similar to those recommended
had been adopted, will not admit of doubt. That the adop-
tion of the resolution, granting half pay for life, has been
attended with all the happy consequences which I foretold,
let the astonishing contrast between the state of the army at
9 this instant and at the former period determine."
And in the same letter he urges, with' eloquent
appeals, that justice and good faith require that
Congress should make provision for "the pay-
ment of all just demands of the army."
Now, this matter was first brought before Con-
gress in April, 1783—seventy-odd years since—
by Mr. Madison, who,on the committee, reported
that "the contract entered into by Congress with
the officers of the revolutionary army, allowing
half pay for life, has not been substantially com-
plied with by our Government; and that the
prayer of the petitioners was reasonable, and ought
to be granted." Why, sir, if such assent had
even been given by the officers to the commutation
act of 1783,,1 contend that it has never been com-
plied with, either substantially, in fact, or in any
manner.
These officers, on calling at the Treasury for
their money, or for those securities equivalent
thereto, hatf forced upon them, by the impover-
ished condition of the country, paper of such de-
preciated value that, instead of their receiving the
amount of five years'full pay, as contemplated
by the resolution, they received actually but one
eighth of it. If the commutation act was passed
in good faith, then I contend that the Govern-
ment should have carried it out in good faith; and
not having yet done so, the opportunity is now
presented by this bill.
Well, sir, in 1819, the matter was again brought
before Congress, and again in 1826. All the com-
mittees reported that the contract had not been
complied with; and I can but consider it as a burn-
ing shame on the character and integrity of the
United States, that an act of such clear justice
should have so long remained unheeded, uncared
for, and unprovided for, by a Government pro-
fessing to be a Government of honor.
It was again brought up in 1852, in 1854, and
in 1855, and reports were made in the other
branch of Congress; but up to this period nothing
has been accomplished.
Who is there on this floor, claiming to be an
American, with a proper devotion in his heart to
the institutions of freedom under which he was
born and reared, while enjoying his inestimable
privileges, can look back on that dark day in the
history of the country, when portentous clouds
of gloom and almost despair gathered around the
head of the illustrious and immortal Father of his
Country, and raise his voicc to declare that the
descendants of these officers should not receive
what the Government promised and intended
they should receive ?
Well, sir, admitting that they received the cer-
tificates issued under the act of 1783, which were so
much depreciated, they do notask you, nor do^s
the bill provide, that the amount received should
not be deducted. They agree that it shall be so
deducted, not merely the one eighth actually real-
ized, but the nominal amount appearing on the
face of the certificates, thereby shouldering on
themselves the loss of seven eighths of ten years'
half pay, incurred by these almost useless and
almost valueless securities.
In conclusion, not wishing to occupy more of
the time of the House, I will now read an extract
! from a letter from General Washington, clearly
| indicating what his opinion was on the subjcct of
j this resolution of 1780. It is even more strongly
; expressed than the one which I have just quoted.
J It is from a letter dated at Newburg, June 18,
j 3783, in which he thus expresses himself:
i "That provision (alluding to the half-pay resolution)
