£2$
APPENDIX ft* THE CONGRESSIONAL dLOBB.
[Mardh 19,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Davis, of Maryland.
Ho. op Reps.
governing the Territory of Kansas; and -wherever
those laws have vested the right to decide that
Question for Ike people of the Territory, we must seek
the decision, ana accept it as binding im as much as
it binds them to obedience. And under that law,
and upon the report of the committee, two ques-
tions are presented. One is a mere case under
the ordinary election law. The other is a case
of revolution—of rebellion—of civil war—of the
usurpation of authority. The questions at issue
are between two conflicting bodies of citizens,
each claiming to be the representative of the
legislative authority of the Territory. I submit
that, under whichever of these two aspects the
case is to be regarded, it is beyond the authority
of the House to reopen that question.
We are entitled to judge of the qualifications,
elections, and returns of our members. The qual-
ification and the return of Mr. Whitfield are not
disputed. The election alone is open. Every
question of law and fact touching that election is i
under our jurisdiction. But that election was !
held under the assumed authority of the Legisla- i
ture of Kansas acting under a law of Congress.
The election was an execution of a power exercised
under those laws. In judging of the election we
are judging under the law. We cannot repeal, we
cannot annul, we cannot disregard a law validly
binding the people of a Terrritory •, for a law that
they are bound to obey we are bound to obey,
and they are entitled to the benefit of its execu-
tion; so that, considered as a mere question of
election law, this House deals only with the exe-
cution of the law of elections or Kansas Terri-
tory ; and the question for us to decide is whether,
under a law binding on the people, any valid and
regular election has been held ?
Where, then, is vested the power to decide on
the constitution of the Kansas Legislature ? for,
when once decided by competent authority, its
authority to pass taws can no longer be ques-
tioned—it must be taken as a legal body. We
are now bound by the decision of the body ap-
fointed by law for the purpose of making that
ecision, if there be any such, and behind whose
decision we have no right to go; for, sir, the
mere question aa to what may or may not be the
law in any particular instance, is a question which
we have not to pass upon after it has been de-
cided. The question, then, become#, what is
the Jaw as it is received, accepted, and passed
upon by the tribunal or the persons in whom the
power to pass upohit is vested? And if there
l cas<! * tribunal authorized to decide it,
and if that tribunal have decided it, then, whether
we agree with that tribunal in the correctness of
rta decision or not;—whether we think it has
decided corruptly or incorraptly—whether it
coincides with our ideas of the law or not, It is
as binding upon this body, acting under the law,
88 any judgment of a court of justice is binding
upon the parties who have submitted their claims
to it, that judgment concluding everything stand-
ing behind the record. The parties maytaal-
towed to grumble «t the corruption or at the
stupidity of the judge, bnt they are bound by
£LC^*!kPITr °J-U,e ^ is no
j *heriff is called upon to execute
  wrong, or the evidence
mistaken, or the law misconstrued.
 v r?'8ir' t*,at * position in which
w! ¥°U8e.n0W8t*nd«- We are a political body.
We are not a court. We are not* paramount
IZITZ i °dy this Wiring
taML™ wtmmt the law as it is
riSt uS by w a«tho"&*who have a
right to decide it. We have a right to decide
«k««ofl and the qualification of our own
?*usl' therefore, ascertain that he
has been elected under a law. How do we ascer-
tain where that law comes from, and that it wa 
any valid authority? One set of honombleVe"
J&TS!Z±!3£!!te!r« *r
• j / " j *"fvo4uuinij uy yFuOt* 01
by report* of committees. I say ho, but
f If?? 0f th08e bodi«« to whom
the Jaw has referred that question. We are to
feade, not upon the feet as to whether there was
Iu tes?,,y' ProPeriy, and fairly passed, but
W vhich be«n passed
which body has been recognized bv
"* • Magistrate having the authority, from which
were w no appeal, «o to recognize ifc The ques-
tion is not whether the Legislature of Kansas
were properly or improperly elected, but are we
the judges (considering it in the first aspect as a
mere question under the election law) as to
whether that election was or was not legal ? If
' j we are, then we may investigate it in this man-
ner. But if the law has pointed out another tri-
bunal to decide that question, then we cannot
reverse that judgment. In courts of civil law,
there are judgments rendered not merely binding
on the parties, but binding everywhere. It is
a judgment in the nature of a judgment in rem.
It decides that that body claiming to be the Legis-
lature of Kansas is the Legislature of Kansas,
and it precludes every question as to the correct-
ness of the decision; ana the body so decided to
be the Legislature must be accepted as the legal
Legislature, with all the consequences flowing
from that fact. There is no appeal from it pro-
vided for by law. If we are paramount to the
law, we can overrule that decision. If we act
under the law, we are bound by that decision.
And whether it be right or wrong, whether it be
politic or impolitic, whether it was done by fraud
or by deception, or by ignorance, or by careless-
ness, it is still the judgment of the law upon that
pioint, and we have to make our election, between
anarchy—having no common arbiter—tearing up
society by its foundations, or submission for the
time being to a decision which we would impeach
if we could, but which the sanctity of law for-
bids us to impeach.
_ Where, then, is the authority to pass, in this
instance,upon the validity of the Kansas election,
treating it, in the first instance, merely as a ques-
tion of election law ? Sir, there is no gentleman
in this House for whom illegal votes were not
cast. There has been no Legislature elected in
our history where there has not been more or
less of violence at the polls. The course of polit-
ical life m this country is that of disturbance, tur-
moil, and collisions of fierce passions; but it is the
paramount power of the people and their submis-
sion to the organized authorities, when a result
is once brought about, that makes this grand or- ,
ganization the model of the world. Whin, there-
fore^the question is, whether there were or were
not frauds in the Kansas election—whether there
were or were not violences perpetrated—whether
there were or were not illegal votes cast—I ask
where is there a question in all these that is not
involved in the election pf every State Legisla-
, t«re   <* of every member of Congress? If,
j they are ordinary questions of election law, we
i are driven to no extraordinary search after new
i and unheard-of tribunals. All we have to do is
to act as if the question were as to the vote of
one single man. Multiplicity does not at all vary
it; the extent of violence does not at all varv it;
the mode in which the fraud was perpetrated
does not vary it; it is a question of election law,
to be decided by the appointed tribunal, whose
deciaion, wiien once passed, bind* to the acknow-
ledgment of the fact of the existence of that Le-
gislature, and from that fact grows the right of
—.-w KvgwiwHuv w paw ctcl
of it« legislative functions.
Now, there have been various suggestions as
° where this ultimate power rests, ft must rest
.somewhere. We are not at this late day of our
political hfe acting under a system of political
I organization so imperfect that the very &st and
« . fu that can be raised—a question
a  to the authority.ef a body claiming to be a Le-
guila&tfe—a question aa to the Validity of our laws,
m left Without an arbifer. Little as I esteem the
tnuch as I deplore some of the
purposes, of the Kansas-Nebraska act, the men
1 !f wer^ *•?.tho«  ehly American in
their knowledge of political law to have passed
any audi law ais that, without providing upon it*
fece an ultimate arbiter for every question that,
then  that, by the twentyHgec-
ondsecuon of that act, as plain as the English
oS^6?*ted to*^^>«ndthi8p0wer
ti«n^mu>g,ven to him withoutanyqualifica-
tovthlv? noiconcuTwrith *hos® gen&men who
spff-/W ■ iicgraiaiure ot Kansas the
we ^ Zln"!g poJer who are and who
wem?bH' of ^ hoAY- Con-
gress could have done that, astheConstitution of
the United States has referred to this House the
ultimate power of determining upon the election
of its own members; but Congress, having the
power to do it, saw fit to do something else; and I
for one, am content to abide by the result of that
constituted authority, because I see nothing out-
side of it but anarchy and civil war, the power of
the sword, and the intervention of the executive
power in the last resort to settle these stern ques-
tions in the field. That is the alternative. This
House cannot decide it. It can pass upon the
existence of the right of a man to a seat upon
this floor. It cannot pass a judgment that will
bind the courts or Congress on any other matter.
It cannot pass a judgment that would bind the
Executive of the United States in enforcing the
laws of Kansas. It cannot lay down rules that
shall control all the citizens of this country in
! their political conduct in Kansas; and therefore
this House is not the tribunal to make this de-
cision, for, when made, all men and all courts must
conform to it. The law says:
" P?18?"* having the highest number in each of paid
council districts for member of council shall it ieclartd
by the Gov«mor to be duly elected to the council."
Where is the limitation? What power can
appeal from that decision? Where is there any
authority to impeach it? He shall declare the person
to have been duly elected to the council. The Gover-
nor is not the returning officer; he is not the mere
justice ofthe peace who received the votes and sent
them in to some central authority: he is constituted
by law the party who is to declare the person who
is entitled to the seat; he is to determine who is
elected; and when he has once passed his judg-
ment, there is no tribunal provided which can
reverse that judgment, be it right or be it wrong,
be it corrupt or oe it honest. The return merely
would everywhere be valid till avoided by some
competent authority; but this is more than an
election return—it is the final declaration of the
validity of the election by the only person vested
ject'aW With ^ authority exPressly on the sub-
• ^ -I ,cornlPt> it is not the only instance,
in civil affairs, "where men may have corrupt in-
struments. That men may be pliable, and let
passion warp their judgments, is nothing either
new °r rare. We take into account all these frail-
ties and defects when we undertake to contrive a
machine of government. When it is contrived,
we accept the judgment for the truth, and submit
to the errors, because, unless we do so, civil so-
ciety is impossible. Therefore, no man is ever
heard to say that a judge has mistaken the law,
unless the law has provided an appellate tribunal
to revise his decision; and for tnxs case there is
none provided.
Then we have the same words in the law in
reference to the other branch of the Legislature,
the Lower House—the Governor of the Territory
being constituted the sole judge, under the ordi-
nary election law, of all returns of members for
thui chamber, a* well as for the other—as well
of Who are qualified as who have received a ma-
jority of the legal votes at such election,
A Voice. Finally ?
Mr. DAVIS. Finally; without appeal; with-
out pointing out any other tribunal, concurrent
or appellate; so that if there be no judgment there,
tnere is nopersonanywhere in existence who can
decide. The men who voted fpr Mr. Reeder are
,the men *ho Toted for Mr.
Whitfield. If that be not the final decision on it
as a question of election law, anarchy is the nor-
mal and only law of the Territory, No man can,
therefore, say one word as to the constitution of
I t*«bodyexcept the Governorfor the time being:
I The only alternative suggested is that of the
j ^swent—adopted by many gentlemen here—
l that the Kansas Legislature had the final decision.
i merely notice this in. passing, for I am thoroughly
convinced that the Legislature hare no power over
the subject Whatever. Well, sir, if the Kansas
Mouse havfe the ultimate power of revision—as the
President has suggested, and many gentlemen
fta;ve insisted here—when we look to the report of
the committee what do we find there? That the
lower House consisted of twenty-six members-
that only seven seats appear to h a ve been contested'
before the Governor; that the Governor commis-
sioned all but those seven; that th« nineteen thus
