964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
to a very remote period, and I should like to have
pkore light on the subject. It may be a very meri-
torious case, but it occurs to me that it should be
referred to the Court of Claims and undergo the
examination and scrutiny of that court. I should
like to be informed on these points.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator from Alabama
had been here last Friday, he would not have had
occasion to ask the question. I will do a little
more than answer him. By the statute which I
have on my desk, passed in 1813, it was pro-
vided, that any person who should capture an
armed British Vessel, should be entitled to one
half the value of the vessel so captured, and one
half the value of her cargo and her armament.
These 'parties in 1814 did capture an armed
vessel, a barge and part of a cargo in Penobscot
river. They nevermade any claim for that seizure
until this winter. It never was presented before,
and why? Because the parties making the seizure
never knew there was a law which entitled them
to a farthing. That fact came to their knowl-
edge since the adjournment of the last Congress.
.Now, what does our substitute propose to do?
It proposes to do nothing in the world but make
an appropriation; and then, if the Secretary of
the Treasury shall determine that these parlies
do come within the provision of the law to which
I have alluded, he is to pay them, and not other-
wise. The bill referred to the committee provided
that the claim should be paid. Your committee
struck that out, because they did not deem it
expedient to go into an investigation of the mat-
ter. We simply made a provision that the money
should be appropriated, and that then, if they
proved that they came within the provision of
the law, the Secretary should pay them. That
is all that there is of it.
Mr. PUG-H. I will ask the Senator from
Maine what is the value of the cargo spoken
Mr. HAMLIN. The evidence before the com-
mittee proved that the amount was $14,000, and
that is the sum provided for in the bill.
Mr. PUGH. Was that for the cocoa alone?
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; the whole.
Mr. PUGH. I ask what was the value of that
specific article of the cargo—coco^5
Mr. HAMLIN. The parties furnished affi-
davits to the committee showing what was the
value; I think it was thirty cents a pound, but
the papers will show it. The committee did not
deem it proper or expedient to go into any inves-
tigation of the subject, but proposed to allow
them to furnish evidence to the Secretary of the
Treasury under the law of 1813, as it stands in
the statute-book. We only reported that they
should be entitled to this compensation,provided
they should prove themselves entitled to it under
that existing law, just as they would have been
entitled to it on that day if they had made their
application, and just as I understand the Secre-
tary would pay them to-day if there was an appro-
priation for the purpose.
Mr. PUGH. I do not think that article of the
cargo in this ease comes within the meaning of
the statute at all; nor do I think the guns^do.
The act of 1813 is cited in the report; but I do
not wish to debate the matter. I have sufficiently
stated my opposition. I shall simply ask for the
yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. EVANS. I ask that the substitute be
again read.
The Secretary read the first section, as fol-
lows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to pay to Samuel A. Aior-c, ot'M;i-
einas, in the State of Maine, and to the peixrm*. under lus
command, being forty in number, or to their Ingal rrpie-
sentatiyes, such a sum as they shall piove to have been
entitled to, under the provisions of the act of Congress,
approved March 3,1813, entitled uAn act to encourage the
destruction of armed vessels of war of the enemv '' for
destroying a British sloop, tender to the seventy-four-gun
ship Buhvaik, alf-o a launch accompanying the same to
gether with their guns cargo, tackle, and apparel • and'the
said persons shall be entitled to the benefits of the act of
Congress, approved Mai eh 19, ltfll, entitled « An act in
addition to an act entitled an act allowing a bounty to the
owners, officers, and cievvs of the private-armed vessels of
the bmted States," in the same manner as persons named
therein, for captuxmg at Frankfort, Maine, on the 15th day
of September, 1814, fourteen armed sailors on hoard the
said sloop, and delivering them to the United States author-
ities at Ponlaml, in nuid State. Said sums to be paid to the
said Samuel A. More and the persons under Ins commands
in the following proportions, to wit: To the said Morse, for
Jiaviflg planned the enterprise and directing the capture,
one half j the other half to be divided m equal shares among
the persons under his command, or to their legal represent-
atives.
Mr. HAMLIN. I suppose it is not necessary
to read the second section. It only provides for
the mode of distributing the money.
Mr. EVANS. I wish to hear it all.
The second section was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. A nd be it further enacted, That it shall he the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury, immediately after the pas-
sage of this act. to give public notice thereof, by advertising
for three months in such newspapers as he shall think will
be most likely to give proper infoimation to the persons so
entitled to apply for their respective shares; and after the
expiiation of six months fiom the passage of this act, if
any of the said claimants or their heirs or legal representa-
tives; shall not have applied and proved then claim to their
respective proportions oi the sum hereby appropriated, the
same shall be paid to such as shall have applied and proved
thi'ir clann withm that penod, -pro rata, according to then
relative pioportions as aforesaid, or to their heirs or legal
representatives: Provided, That anyone or more of said
claimants may apply for their own pioportio'n, in the first
instance, any tune after the passage of thw act. And a
sum sufficient to pavsueh an amount as may be allowed by
said Secretary, under this act, is heieby appropriated, out
of any money in the Tieasury not otherwise appropriated,
not exceeding ,$14,000.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I think the statement
of the gentleman from Maine clearly shows that
this is a case properly cognizable by the Court of
Claims. According to tlie interpretation which
he puts on the bill, it is merely to make an appro-
priation to pay the amount of an ascertained
claim. Why, sir, for what purpose was the Court
of Claims instituted, but to rid Congress of an in-
vestigation of this character? There are numerous
kindred cases which will find their way to the
Senate on every private bill day, if we entertain
them. Who is to determine whether they are
entitled, under the statute, to this large amount
which they claim? What is the proper tribunal
to sift the testimony, to hear all that can be said
on both sides, and to ascertain whether it is a fair,
legitimate claim, and whether the money should
be appropriated by Congress* What was the
use of establishing a Court of Claims, if we are to
take cognizance of matters of this kind? Where
the court, after a full and thorough investigation,
find claims to be due, we shall probably make
an appropriation to pay the money, but we
should require an investigation by the court in a
ease like this.
The lapse of time that has intervened since this
service was performed, is a sufficient objection
with me. 1 cannot speak as to its merits, because
I have not had an opportunity of examining the
testimony. It is a singular fact that a claim of
forty years* standing, involving this large amount
of money, should never have been presented to
the consideration of Congress until this session.
I am among the last men in the Senate who
would S'*t up the statute of limitation against a
just claim where the individual had mistaken or
sJept over his rights; but I say there is a shade
of suspicion thrown over a claim of this charac-
ter, which has slept for so long a time, unless the
j case can be made out beyond all doubt.
' The gentleman refers me to the statutes award-
; ing these premiums to the parties engaged in the
] captuie of these vessels; but have I the time, or
: has any other Senator on this floor the time, to
j go into an investigation of such a question, un-
I less he is a member of the committee* Forty
S years have intervened; and now, for the first time, ,
! the scales have fallen from the eyes of some of j
I the claimants, when, perhaps three fourths of ,
! them are dead, and we are called upon to pay them i
! $15,000. I know of no case that more properly !
; and legitimately comes within the jurisdiction of
: the Court of Claims, as intended by the act, than
I the one now under consideration. If it had been
| before that court, and received its sanction, I
' should not raise my voice against it.
| I hnvenothad lime to consider it. I was called
: away by business from the Chamber on the last
1 private bill day as the Senator has intimated, I
have never heard of this case until the present
moment. It is a claim that has never before
been presented to Congress. The report has not
even been read to-day; and we are called upon ;
to sanction the claim now, after the lapse of forty '
years, and to allow it to go through under this [
steam pressure power when no examination has !
been made. I think the case should be referred j
to the Court of Claims. It was designed by the j
framers of the act organizing that court that it t
should take cognizance of such claims and inves- •
tigate them. I cannot imagine a case which more
properly belongs to that tribunal than the one
under consideration. I do not wish to interpose
an objection to the justice of the claim, for I do
not understand it; but I cannot vote for it unless
I receive some information on the subjcct. The
great lapse of time is evidence to me that there
must be something wrong. There were so many
parties engaged in capturing the vessel, that it
seems impossible that some one individual at
least should not have received an intimation of
their rights under the law, if it existed at that
day, and was so clear as to allow them $15,000.
It is for the Senate, however, to decide the ques-
tion.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from
Maine will consent to have the claim referred to
the Court of Claims. I have cursorily glanced
over the report in this case, and I do not think I
have ever known a weaker case to be presented.
I am not at all surprised that the claimants did
not discover their rights until after the lapse of
forty years. It seems to me entirely without
merit. The bill provides for the payment of cer-
tain indemnity for what is called " cargo" found
on board of two British armed vessels. Now,
what really appear to Be the facts? There were
two vessels, one a sloop and the other an armed
launch. The whole force of these two armed
vessels was fourteen men. I suppose the sloop
was some coaster that had been picked up by a
British vessel, and sent to this port of Frankfort,
in Maine. I have generally supposed that the
cargo" captured from an enemy meant that
which was found on board. This was found on
a wharf; and it seems to have been so utterly
worthless, that no one would accept it, even as
a gift, and so it was thrown into the river. Two
tons of it were taken by the citizens of the neigh-
borhood, and no more was taken, bccausc I pre-
sume it was totally worthless.
.Now, after a lapse of forty years, we are called
upon to pay $14,000 for this magnificentexploit!
I very seldom make any observations on private
claims reported by standing committees of the
Senate; I dislike to do so; but I leally think this
is the weakest case I have ever known to be pre-
sented for our consideration. I trust the Senator
from Maine will consent to refer it to the proper
tribunal for its examination. I repeat, it is with
great reluctance that I interfere4with matters of
this sort; but I cannot, consistently with my sense
of duty, remain silent when I see an effort made
to obtain indemnity on grounds which 1 think so
utterly untenable as in this case.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, this bill met
with the approbation, certainly, of every member
of the Committee on Commerce who was present
when it was considered. I recollect distinctly,
that the colleague of the Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Benjamin] was present at that investigation,
and the bill met his decided approbation, and he
so stated in the Senate. I am very much sur-
prised at one statement which the Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Slidell] makes, that the cocoa
which constituted the cargo was utterly worth-
less, and that it was thrown into the dock. I wish
the Senator to inform me, or the Senate, where
lie gets that information ? I should be glad to learn-
on what evidence such statements are made. I
pronounce them wholly incorrect.
What was the state of affairs when that cap-
ture was made? Every little town which we had
was harassed by British cruisers; our people
were unprotected by fortifications; and our small
towns were laid waste. That cocoa was offered
to the citizens, and they stated that they dared
not take it, because they were fearful that if they
did it would bring the forces of the enemy upon
them, and not because it was valueless. Sup-
pose it were not worth one cent, we shall not
have anything to pay for it under the bill. Sen-
ators talk as though this bill was to abstract so
much money from the Treasury on its passage.
It is not so. There is a law existing, I repeat,
which entitled the parties to this compensation.
Now, will you make an appropriation, and leave
it to your Secretary of the Treasury to hear their
evidence, and determine whether they actually
come within the provisions of the law or not?
That is the whole case.
I have stated that the reason why the claimants
did not come here before was that they did not
know that they were entitled to this money. The
