1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
289
says that that resolution planted itself upon a
measure instead of upon a principle. As f under-
stand that resolution, it planted itself essentially
upon a. principle, and nothing else; I speak now
of the Kansas part of that resolution. That
resolution congratulated the country upon "the
triumph of the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska
act" in certain recent elections. It said nothing
about the measure except its principles upon the
slavery question. What are those principles,
sir? I will read that clause of the bill to the
House. Here, sir, are these principles—I read
from the act itself:
" That the Constitution and all laws of the United States,
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same force
and effect in the said Tcimoryof Nebraska as elsewhere
within the United States, except the eighth section of the
< Act preparatory to the admission of Missouri into the
C^nlOll,, uppio\edMarch6,1820, which, being inconsistent
with the principle of non-intervention by Congress with
slavery in the States and Territories, as recognized by the
legislation of 1850, commonly called the compiomise meas-
ures, n hereby declared mopeiative and void; it being the
true intent and meaning of tin* act not to legislate plavory
into any Temtory or State, nor to exclude it thereliOm,but
to leave the people theieof perfectly free to form and regu-
late their domestic institutions m their own way. subject
only to the Constitution of the United States: Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall be construed to lcvive
or put in force any law or ie<rulation which may have ex-
isted piinrto the act of 6th March, 1830, cithei protecting,,
establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing slavery."
That, sir, is the principle announced, (or,
rather, principles, I should say, in relation to
slavery in the Territories,) as 1 understand it, by
the gentlemen who went into the meeting here
just before the commencement of the session, and
who put the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Rich-
ardson] in nomination for the speakership.
These are the principles on this subject upon
which they planted themselves. These are the
principles, on the triumph of which, in the then
recent elections in several States in the East,
West, and South, they congratulated the country.
It was upon a principle, then, essentially, and not
a measure, they planted themselves. With them,
in this, I heartily concurred; and I take this oc-
casion to say, I think they might well get together
again, and pass another resolution, congratulating
the country upon the encouraging progress and
brightening prospect, from what we have seen
here, of the sure success of their cause, if not in
this House, at least before the people, in most of
the future elections.
When we came here, when Congress assem-
bled, and before, I understood—and I believe the
House and the country understood—that this
body would have a majority opposed to this
great fundamental principle. But what do we
witness now ? and what have we seen in our own
midst? This principle, triumphant in so many
of the fall elections in various States, has made
some not inconsiderable progress, as I read the
signs of the times, upon this floor. We find here
members who were never known to be in favor
of it until we met here, openly avowing it. The
truth is great, it is mighty, and I never doubted
that it would ultimately prevail. 1 would say to
those who met together before the assembling of
this House, to keep the banner afloat; never
surrender it. Every day promises accession to
their ranks. Last fall, when we assembled, the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] and the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] boasted
of the triumph of the anti-Nebraska sentiment in
the then rocent elections. The country, m their
opinion, would never abide by that act. Nothing
but repeal would satisfy popular demands. 1
took occasion then to join issue with them. I
supposed, it is true, that this House might be
anti-Nebraska; but I felt confident that a repeal
of that clause of tl e bill which I have read never
would be effected. I looked to reaction, and then
told them that revolutions never go backwaid.
I supposed then, that though this House "might
temporarily be anti-Nebraska, yet I did not be-
lieve that any repeal would or could ever be car-
ried. I am now much more confirmed in that
belief; indeed I am beginning to hope that there
will not be a majority upon this floor, even in
this Congress, against the principles established
in that bill.
It may bo true, as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Fuller] tells us to-day, and I do not
question it, that he was not elected upon the anti-
Nebraska feeling—that this measure was not in
issue between him and his competitor. Rut I
will state to the gentleman and to the House, I
suppose it is equally true that it was not known
in his section of the country, at the time of his
election, that he was willing to abide by the law
as it is. It seems that even his colleagues, who
voted for him upon the first ballot, on the first
day, did not then know his sentiments on this
question: sixteen then voted for him, and only
two since he has defined his position. It seems,
I say, that his position was not known to even
them, up to that time. Now I am rejoiced—and
I do not wish the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Puller] to be offended at what I say, or
take unkindly my reference to this point, for I
feel not only gratified, but rejoiced—that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has taken the position
he has, and let the country know his sentiments
on this great question of sectional strife. It shows
that the cause is gaining ground; that we hove
friends where we did not expect them; and I
think, if we continue on here just as we have for
a few weeks longer, the anti-Nebraska men—at
least those who were reported to have been elected
as such—will come in as converts, or acquies-
cents, perhaps, by dozens, if not by scores, and
the country, at the next contest, will not have that
severe conflict which I supposed they would have.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ful-
ler,] when he first spoke, saicl he was willing to
abide by the law as it is—he was against repeal;'
he would not vote to restore the Missouri restric-
tion—while he would not have voted for the bill
taking it off, had he been a member of the House
at the time of its passage. This was a step in
the right way. I was glad to hear the avowal,
though I did not like the reason assigned, which
was, that it could not be done under existing cir-
cumstances. But the next time the gentleman
addiessed the House on the point, he came out
fully, as I understood, in favor of the principle
of non-interference by Congress— that Congress
had not the power to legislate at ail upon the sub-
ject. [Laughter.] This shows the progress of
truth, and gives assurance of its ultimate success.
Truth is often slow m Us progress; it is upon the
mind as light is sometimes upon the eye. In
coming into the light from the dark, the eye does
not readily adapt itself to the change; objects,
therefore, are not clearly discerned at first; but
gradually the difficulty is removed, and all things
appear clear and distinct. It is related of him
who was born blind and brought to his vision by
a miracle, that he at first,i( saw men as trees walk-
ing;" but after a while all things with him as-
sumed their true color and position. Now, I say
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ful-
ler,] and to the four from the North who vote
for him, and stand in the same position with him,
as I understand it, and to all others situated in
like manner, whether "voting for him or not, that
I consider their position as a strong indication
of the progress and working of truth. It affords
good evidence for the belief and expectation of a
general indorsement by the country when the
people understand the question of the principles
of the Kansas and Nebraska bill; and that they
will become fundamental principles in future con-
gressional legislation in reference to the subject
of slavery in the Territories. I vote no.
Mr. THORINGTGN (before the result was
announced) said: I suppose it is due to myself,
as the mover of the resolution, to make some
exjDlanation of the reasons which induced mo to
offer the resolution. J did not, at the time the
resolution was offered, intend to do so. But de-
velopments which have since taken place make
it necessary that I should explain, in part, the
position I occupy upon this floor. I hold, sir, that
to every man upon this floor more or less respons-
ibility attaches for the want of the organization.
Feeling that responsibility, I am not satisfied to
vote for six months, or for six weeks, or to the
end of the chapter, without making some effort
to secure an organization of this House. My
effort may be feeble, but I am willing to contribute
my mite; and I say here, to-day, that I do not
fear to meet the issue here made, anywhere and
everywhere where I am interested, or where my
constituents are interested. No inducement, no
legislation, no indirect vote, no traps set, shall
ever induce me, directly or indirectly, to vote for
the distinguished gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
;j Richardson;] I can say the same in reference
j! to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Fuller.] Entertaining,therefore,these
views, I could, under no circumstances, present
a measure here, knowingly, which would favor
the promotion of either of those gentlemen to the
Speaker's chair.
I have presented in my resolution the name of
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] believing him well qualified for the
position which has been sought by gentlemen of
this House, or, if not sought, which their friends
desire to bestow upon them. I was satisfied,
by the remarks made by that gentleman when
he withdrew his name as a candidate, that
m)'- constituents would be pleased and gratified
in having him promoted to that position. I have
never upon this floor cast my vote for any other
man than Mr. Banks, of Massachusetts, and Mr.
Campbell, of Ohio; and 1 will continue to vote
on to the end for either of those gentlemen, or for
other gentlemen who reflect the same political
opinions. 1 am disposed to compromise a prin-
ciple under no circumstances. Believing in those
opinions, and regarding the responsibility which
rests upon mc, I felt it my duty to make some
effort for the organization of the House.
i have, therefore, after consulting with but a
few—and those entertaining similar opinions with
myself, and who have continued to vote for Mr.
Banks—presented the resolution which is under
consideration. I offered it with no spirit of dis-
affection towards the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] but I did so from
my anxiety to see this House organized. I have
offered the resolution in good faith; and if the
gentlemen upon this floor who have voted more
than a hundred times for the gentleman from
Massachusetts are not pleased with it, 1 can
only say I cannot help it. If they disagree with
me, it is only what they have done in many other
instances. I have attended meetings, night after
night, to agree upon some man whom the major-
ity could support for Speaker; but the votes dis-
play the fact that we have been unable to agree.
We have voted for the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts as long as I think it is required at our
hands; and therefore I say, letus try some other
man, and see if there is a possibility of electing
him. I have offered it in good faith, and I have
done it, after agreement with no one, and I pre-
sume no one will dare assert the contrary. I
shall therefore vote for the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] with great pleasure. He was
my first choice when I came upon this floor, and
he is my first choice now, if there is a prospect
of electing him.
I have thus taken this occasion to express my
approbation of his course, and my reasons for
offering the resolution which is under consider-
ation.
Mr. TODD. I desire to give the reasons for
my vote upon this occasion. I am a conservative
man, having no sympathy with ultraism on the
one side or the other of the slavery question. I
abhor Abolitionists, in the common sense of the
term, as much as I do the border ruffians; and I
should vote as persistently against the proposed
measures of the one class as against those of the
other. I come from a district which is not agitated
by any ultraism on the subject of slavery, and I
am determined, as far as my ability will permit
me to do so, to rr present that constituency and
their wishes. I did feel, when I came here and
cast my first vote for the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, that my association with
certain men upon this floor was calculated to
create some uneasiness amongst the people in my
own district; and the opposition to the resolution
offered by the gentleman from Iowa has, in a
measure, tended to increase that apprehension.
I am in favor of a principle, and am devoted to
no man and to no particular interest; and when
voting for Mr. Banks, I voted for him with the
idea that he represented the feeling of opposition
to slavery extension, without giving an adhesion
to any ultra sentiment upon the subject of slavery.
I have, therefore, no personal attachment for him,
and am perfectly willing to vote for any other
person who represents the principle to which I
am attached.
The views of the gentleman from Ohio are per-
fectly well known upon that subject, and every
gentleman attached to those principles can safely
vote for him, without any fear of betrayal upon
his part. If the gentlemen who have determine^
