230
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 13,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Letcher.
Ho. op Reps.
cation, and adds another party to the war he was
commissioned to suppress. .
Sir, early in the session we had intimations
that power was needed to keep the peace in
Kansas—between whom? Is the President to
stand there as stakeholder between the conflicting
powers of sovereignty ? Is there no law in the Ter-
ritory? Or, after we had organized the Territory,
have we left it without persons to say whether
there be or be not authority to which every person
is bound to submit ? I say that, in my judgment,
and under the authority of the Constitution, under
the law of 1795, under the necessity of political
law,which demands an arbiter for every dinerenoe,
under the pressure of the only other alternative
of the entire absence of order, under the decision
of the Supreme Court refusing to take a jurisdic-
tion whicn it ascribed to the Executive—now,
when the declaration can be no longer withheld,
and in the midst of grave civil disturbances which
have waked this dread power from its slumber
to guard the menaced foundations of civil order—
I say it is there—in the President—that the power
to decide rests.
If it rest there, has that power been exercised?
In the case of the Dorr rebellion, it was held to
be an exercise of that power that the President
issued his proclamation. Although he had not
called out troops, he intimated if resistance was
continued he would call them out, and that suf-
ficed to quell disorder and avert civil war; and
the argument was pressed, after this decision of
the supreme head of the Government can this
court reopen that question? If the President
should intervene and say that the charter govern-
ment is the true government, could we, should
we happen to be of opinion that the charter cov-
ernment was repealed by the inherent sovereignty
•f the people of Rhode Island—as we are here in-
voked to recognize the inherent sovereignty of one
half of the people of Kansas—could we, shall we
—that high court puts the question—intervene,
and take out of the hands of the military power
of the United States, by habeas corpus, the men
whom they have arrested? Shall we entertain ac-
tions of trespass against the persons who have
acted under the orders of the President; shall we
decide on our opinion of the correctness of the
President'8 opinion; or must we not, as the other
high alternative, between which and anarchy
there is no mean, take that decision for what it
is, as final and conclusive of the fact which it
involves and asserts, and not to be reviewed—
and therefore as binding upon the court, carrying
with it the validity of everything it implies—the
thing itself to be enforced—and leaving the ques-
tion of the fitness of change to those tribunals
which have the right to change? They wisely
left the past to bury its own dead, and to the fu-
ture to take care of what shall come thereafter.
These principles settle this case. The Presi-
dent has here formally intervened, recognized
one body of civil functionaries, and warned their
opponents against the wrath to come.
To do thus much is to commit the United
States, through all its tribunals—political or judi-
cial—to the position that the Legislature of Kan-
sas is entitled to be obeyed.
These are the views, Mr. Speaker, which I
desire to present to the House. There is no ques-
tion in the case which can be decided or affected
by any evidence. We act under law, and we
have a decision. That decision involves the le-
gality of the legislative body, whether the facts
justify the decision or not. The consequence fol-
lows, not from the facts, but from the decision on
the facts. The report shows that that legislative
body has been recognized by Governor Reeder
under the election law. If it be a case of rebellion
a division between the people in that Territory,
the Legislature has been recognized by the ulti-
mate authority in this Government by the Presi-
dent of the United States, who has published his
proclamation affirming the acts of that Legisla-
ture, and calling upon Congress to strengthen his
arm—for what ? For the purpose of disturbance ?
To create and increase the confusion—to break
down the hands of peaceable citizens—to sustain
rebellion, or to enforce that which—whatever
may have been its origin—is the law of the Ter-
ritory, made so improperly if you choose, but
etill so made that it can be reviewed by no power
designated by any law of this Government ? The
President is entitled now to men and money to
enable him to cause the law to be enforced—at
the point of the bayonet, if necessary; or else we
strike a blow at the solidity of our institutions,
and lay the foundation of untold struggles and
sufferings in time to come.
I said, when I started out, that, if the proposi-
tion were for an investigation which would hold
parties, high or low, to responsibility for malfea-
sance, I should be in favor of such investigation;
but I am unwilling to be guilty of the indecency
of appending to an election contest a grand in-
quest, on the part of this House, into the conduct
of high functionaries, or the conduct of any other
officers. I will keep within the broad line which
marks out my duty here, I will decide election
questions by election law. When rebellion puts
authority in dispute, I will accept the adjustment
made by that high and unappealable authority to
which the law and Constitution have intrusted
the right to declare it; and when the propriety of the
conduct, the honesty and policy of that authority,
shall be called directly in question, and persons
and papers shall be required for that purpose, I
am ready to vote for the proposition; but I am
not willing to take any one step which shall, in
the most remote manner, imply that this House
acts, or can act, or has any authority to act, on
the supposition that it can inquire collaterally into
the validity of the laws passed by that Legisla-
ture, because I do not desire to have the stain of
the blood of innocent or misguided men on my
hands. We have no right to control the decision
of the Executive, rlor restrain the judiciary from
1 acting on it. If all three branches of the Gov-
ernment may, this House cannot. Even if we
be entitled to decide the question, our decision is
of no force beyond our walls—confers neither
authority, nor protection, nor any rule of action.
And any vote of ours which implies that these
laws are null, is nothing but preaching sedition
and disturbance—is nothing but telling the men
of Kansas that they are absolved from obedience
to them.
I believe the people of Kansas have been in-
vaded by intruders, armed and unarmed, preach-
ers of sedition and workers of sedition, from the
North and from the South. The President tells
us so, and I think that telling accords with what
we learn from other sources. As to the past, the
evil has been committed, and cannot now be un-
done any more than the time can be recalled or
the footprints of events obliterated. The future
is ours, and for the future I am ready to apply a
remedy; and my impression is, that the only ef-
fectual remedy for mal-administration is to nold
the delinquent officers to a iust responsibility for
the past—to change the depositaries of power
when it has been abused, and where there has
been a want of power to increase it. This I am i
ready to aid in doing.
The people can repeal the laws now so obnox-
ious; if intruders be excluded, they must accept
the results of the next election as a final expres-
sion of the popular will; and if the present Exec-
utive fail to administer the law for that purpose,
a successor will be found who will do it; but no
new laws can avail if they be administered as the
old have been.
I condemn all intrusion—especially under this
non-intervention law—but I think the people of
Kansas were wanting to themselves. They are
not wanting in spirit; it had been better for them
had they sooner showed it. Had they chosen to
accept the issue which was tendered to them in the
election of the Legislature, had they not been for-
getful of Concord and Lexington, they would not
now be here asking this House to help them when
they failed to help themselves at the crisis. Had
they met this armed intrusion by an armed re-
sistance, quietly resting at the polls, and tender-
ing battle as the alternative, we should not now
have had this question before us—because there
is a solemn pause in civil strife before men, how-
ever fiercely they may choose to breathe threats
and mutter menaces, rush into actual conflict in
arms; and the look of fierce opposed eyes and
firm resolve would have brought even brave, but
misguided, men to hearken to peaceful coun-
sels.
But, after things have gone* so far, and when
men's judgments have become lost in the whirl-
wind of passion; after men have committed them-
selves, by curses deep and loud, not to recognize
the authority which now exercises the functions
of government, how can I, without being guilty
of all the blood—innocent or guilty—which may
be shed in this contest, say to the House of Rep-
resentatives, by my vote, " I regard these laws—
which the President says he will enforce—as
null," and thus say to the citizens of the Terri-
tory, that they ougnt to resist the highest author-
ity known to the Government. Sir, reasons of
policy, reasons of law, reasons of high Christian
feeling, as well as the great principles of political
law on which the question rests, would forbid
me for ever to give such a vote.
Sir, I thank the House for its attention.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN LETCHER,
OP VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 13,1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election case from the Territory of
Kansas.
Mr. LETCHER said:
Mr. Speaker: I do not propose to occupy much
time; but, as I have a fixed and settled opinion in
regard to this matter, I desire to state frankly the
reasons upon which I mean to rest my vote. The
first question to be looked at here, and to be in-
quired into, is the fact, whether Kansas Territory
is entitled to a Delegate upon this floor?
Now, sir, I put it to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elections to say whether that Territory
is entitled to a Delegate in this House ? As the
gentleman is silent, I take it for granted that he
admits the fact. If so entitled, why so entitled t
Is it not by virtue of the act of Congress organ-
izing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska
by which she can undertake to come here and
ciaim the right for a Delegate to a seat amongst
us ? There is no other ground by which she can
claim it, except the action of the two Houses of
Congress, approved by the President of the United
States; thus giving to that action the sanction
and solemnity of law. Then, sir, if she is en-
titled to a Delegate, she is entitled to it under the
law of the land. That law is clear, express, and
unequivocal in its terms, and it makes provision
for the election of a Delegate to Congress only
until such time as a Territorial Legislature shall
convene, and pass a general election law, pre-
scribing the terms and conditions upon which
future elections for a Delegate to Congress, and
for members to the Territorial Legislature, shall
be_conducted and decided. Now, sir, under this
original law—this law of Congress organizing
the Territory, an election was held in Kansas, and
General Whitfield came here as a Delegate, took
his seat in the last Congress, and served out the
remainder of that Congress upon this floor,
unobjected to by any one.
And this brings me to the proposition laid
down by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Wake man] yesterday, to which I desire to call
the particular attention of the House for a mo-
ment. The gentleman called attention to the de-
cision in 7th Howard's Supreme Court reports,
in regard to the'controversy in Rhode Island,
frowing out of the election of Governor Dorr.
'rom the case of Luther vs. Borden and others,
therein reported, he read, amongst other passages,
the following from Chief Justice Taney's opinion:
" And when the Senators and Representatives of a State
are admitted into the councils of the Union, the authority
of the Government under which they are appointed, as
well as its republican character, is recognized by the proper
constitutional authority; and its decision is binding on
every department of the Government, and could not be
questioned in a judicial tribunal."
This law, applicable to States, is also apppli-
cable to Territories, and I rely upon it for the pur-
pose of showing that the action of this House in
receiving General Whitfield into the last Con-
gress, recognized the obligation and binding force
of the act organizing the Territory of Kansas,
and the government thereby established. Having
