THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, d7C."
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, AUGUST 1, 1856.
New Series. .. .No. 1J&
tioned in the grant. The right to so much land, to bo alter-
warcUlaid off by official authority, in the tenitory described,
parsed from the Government to him by the execution of the
instrument granting it."
The effect of this doctrine is to recognize all
vested rights as to lands which have been declared
and made certain by the laws of Congress and
the acts of the citizen conformably thereto; as for
example, the settler's right to one hundred and
sixty acres of land, by preemption, has certain
definite initiatives presenbed by law, which,
when complied with, vest in the preemptor a
h-gal right to a specific tract of land. And it has
been the practice of our Government, and the
rulings of our highest courts, to treat those par-
ticular preliminaries as separating so much of the
public land from the public domain, and reducing
it to private right and possession. So, therefore,
do these amenTlments which I have offered pro-
vide justly m conformity with the policy of our
Go\eminent for the rights of the toil-worn emi-
grant. Any other policy would be to go back-
wards from our present advanced civilization. I
am willing, sir, to give to the land claimants every
acre they are entitled to, but no more. If they
have neglected, in times gone by, to do that
wluch would have secured to them landed estates,
equal to what would be principalities in some
countries, His their own fault, and thev can blame
no one else for such neglect. They should have
strict justice, but nothing more. I am not willing
a* by a regrant to renew their claims to lands
which they once considered so valueless as not to
be worth the price of surveying. The strictest
rule of the law will leave them in possession of
vast tracts of land; and I am not willing to sfand
by and see desolation wrought upon a thousand
heads when then* is no law to require it, and
when it would be 110 less inhuman (ban contrary
to tlie policy of our Government and the whole
spnit of our institutions. But there is not even a
legal technicality contraiy to the consti uction of
law which these amendments assume. Th< n fot e,
they have on their side not only all that I have
Gt3ted, but strict justice and strict law.
I am wjlhng that the decisions of the United
States district coin ts shall bo made final. 1 have
no desire to compel the claimants to carry their
cases beyond that tiibunal. I have show'n that
the decisions of the Supreme Court lately n;n-
deied are in direct conflict with, and m fact re-
verse, some of their fmmer decisions—that they .
go beyond and start new questions, by which i
their former decisions are rendered nugatory, j
and thatgre.it mischief has been caused thereby. 1
In relation to the mineial question, there cannot |
be, I presume, a shadow of a doubt. The Su- |
preme Court itself was so deeply impressed with 1
the importance of this, that it declared that the do- I
cision m the Fremont ease did not touch the ques- !
tion about the right to mine, and that'the question !
was not presented in the case. It was a simple !
question as to the grant m fee, according to the ■
laws of Spam and Mexico, of land to be held
under their authority, and subject m nil respects j
to the conditions which they provide. The
grantee could take nothing by the case beyond i
that. Nothing beyond that was m the power of j
the commissioners. Nothing beyond that was J
in the power of the United States' district courts j
below. And nothing beyond that could be taken >
by the giant made accoidini^ to that decision of i
the Supreme Court and the laws of Mexico. |
We now come, sir, to examine that part of the j
amendments which I hove offered with a view to
protect the great mining interests of California,
and to prevent them from being absorbed by stu- !
pendous individual speculations. \
The treaty of peace between the crown of;
Spain and the Mexican Republic was signed on
the 28th day of November, 1636- The first arti- i
cle recognized the independence and sovereignty j
of Mexico. The seventh article recognized the \
dominion of the crown of Spain to have endured \
until the year 1821. There are no decrees of the I
Supreme Government of Mexico, from the year j
1821 to the year 1854, which affect or change, in I
116
any way, the preexisting rights of the sovereign
to absolute title to, and control of, all mines and
minerals. Thqgt^assed to the supreme Govern-
ment of Mexico?and remained unaltered, as per-
fect and unimpaired as they existed in the Span-
ish crown prior to the treaty of 383G. They were
rights capable of being transferred and passed to
the United States by the treaty of 1848. (Guada-
lupe-Hidalgo.)
The regulations of the crown of Spain em-
braced all minerals of whatever character. They
also constituted the mining laws of the supreme
Government of Mexico, it was not necessary
by the laws of the crown of Spam and the su-
preme Government of Mexico, in order to protect
those particular rights of the sovereign power, to
make any reserve of the minerals which might
exist within a grant made to an individual. Those
grants were always made for towns, agricultural
and grazing, or mining purposes. Tins was the
known and established policy of the country.
The lands of Mexico were always treated by the
sovereign power with a view to a two-fold rela-
tion and interest. The one was agricultural and
grazing; the other mining. The latter was pecu-
liarly considered as to revenue, and no foe-simple
to it was ever made to an individual. The sub-
ject or citizen who obtained the land took that,
and that only, subject to all these rights, thelim-
. itatjons and conditions of the mining regulations,
j All the lands which might prove to contain min-
j erals were liable to be denounced and taken up
j by o strangerif he were firstto discover them. The
; same general principle applied to mines which had
, once been worked and abandoned. The grantee
or owner of the lands where minerals u ere found
was entitled to an appraised value, to be fixed to
them as agricultural or grazing lands', and no
mote and no less. The gicat object was to en-
courage mining. The policy was developed m
1 the reign ol Philip II., when the power and min-
ing resouices of Spain were at their height. That
policy has never been changed; and no minerals
ha\ee\erbeen passed in ice-simple to individ-
uals by i;rants of land, unless by express decla-
lations to that olTt ct, none of which are found in
grants for lauds m California. They there re-
main, d in the sovereign. They passed in the
cession of the Territory of California to the su-
preme Government of the United States, andean
vest m no individual to whom grants were made
by the crown of Spam or by the supreme Gov-
ernment of Mexico, without being first divested
out of the United States m the specific form of
release made and intended to operate as title con-
ferred for mineraN.
The grantees, then, in California, took no title
to minerals, and hold none, except such as was
held by them in common with every other citi-
zen. The confirmation by the commissioners
and courts of the United States conferred no
new I itle. They could add nothing. Their judg-
ment was as to the regulaijfy and legality ui the
grants solely, and would go to the extent, simply,
and no fmther, of the laws of the crown of
Spain, and of the supreme Government of Alexieo.
There is nothing in the act of Congress by which
that commission was created, which either does,
or was intended to change the laws of Mexico
on this subject. The rule is, that they shall take
by the laws of the crown of Spain, or of the su-
preme Government of Mexico, and by their
authority they hold, and by none other. They
receive from them great benefits. If they do not,
under the treaty, form the sole authority under
which they hold, then the United States would
ha\c aright to reduce these immense pnncipali-
ties of land which have been granted to them,
down to a size suited to our institutions and our
policy. But if they are protected by the laws of
the crown of Spam, and of the supreme Govern-
ment of Mexico, against that, then so are they
likewise limited and restrained from taking more
than those laws allowed them.
Such has been, as I think, the sound and just
policy of the crown of Spam, and of the supreme
Government of Mexico, considering that it was :
the only limitation and. restraint placed upon those
ast grants to individuals, which, by a single
stroke of the pen, transferred men from poverty
to immense wealth, and created distinctions and
benefits between them and their fellow-country-
men, which are established usually only by mon-
archies.
Under the policy of those laws, any citizen had
a right to make discoveries of minerals on private
lands, to denounce them, and to work them. If
the mines were ever abandoned or forfeited by
him, they did not, even then, revert to the owner
of the lands within which they were found. He
had no more interest in them than a stranger.
They reverted to the possession of the supreme
Government, and might pass to him who would
first denounce them afterwards. So, also, where
mines were abandoned and not worked during a
certain length of tune in each year, they were
liable to be denounced and taken by others. And
in all cases in which mines were denounced and
taken, whether by discovery or forfeiture, they
were subject to the regulations prescribed for the
government of the mines.
The mines were thus treated by the crown of
Spain, and by the supreme Government of Mex-
ico as the peculiar patrimony of the State, which
never had been and never was intended to be alien-
ated. With the territory recently acquired by the
treaty of 1848, they have so passed into the pos-
session of the Government of the United States.
It is known that they are valuable and numer-
ous. Our sole object should be their development
by private enterprise, by placing them equally
within the reach of every citizen—by keeping the
mines found on the public lands as free as possi-
ble, and giving vitality to the laws in force at the
time tin; grants were made, and which were a
pait of the conditions. In this way they will as-
sist efficiently m the settlement of the country,
and contribute, most largely, to the general wel-
fare of the whole nation.
The royal ordinances for the direction and gov-
ernment of the mines of New Spain, remain un-
changed upon this subject. Chapter five, section
one, of that compilation, declares:
" The mines are the propeity of the royal Crown, as well
by their nature and onjfm at- by fiien reunion, declared by
the fourth law of the tlinteenth title of the sixth book of the
new compilation."
Section second declares that:
" Without separating them from my royal patrimony, t
grant them to my subjects ui property and possession,"
subject to the regulations made for the govern-
ment of the mines.
The third section of that chapter is in these
words:
" Be it understood that tin.- giant is made upon two con-
dition- Fust, tluit tlie\ (im'Mibject1-) tdiall pay to my royal
treasury the propoihon ot metal reserved theieto ; and, sec-
ondly, that the> jdiall carry on their operations m the mines
Mibjcot to the provi-iou.-' ot tbe^e ordinances, on failure of
which, at am tiete, tlie nnnei-of persons so making default
.-hall be eon-id< icd a- toiteited, and may be granted to any
pei-on who .shall denounce them accordingly."
In addition to this the fourteenth section of
chapter six, of the ordinances, is as follows:
" Any one may discover and denounce a vein, not only
on common land, but ako on the property of any individ-
ual,'' &c , and likewise—the same is to be understood
with legaul to denouncing convenient places for erecting
t -tabli-hment>, and <iKo water? lor moving machines, em-
ployed tor the reduction of oieV
The twenty-second section of the same chap-
ter provides that mines of gold and silver, pre-
cious stones, copper, lead, tin, &c., may be de-
nounced in like manner. They are all subject
to the same regulations, and were required to be
worked for a given length of time in each year;
and upon a failure of the conditions required for
the working of them, or of the payment of the
rent, they reverted to the supreme Government.
Section four of chapter six prescribes the man-
ner in which a mine may be denounced, and is in
the following words:
"The personsrefetred to m tlie preceding sections must
present a wntten statement to the deputation of miners m
that district, oi, m cnt>e there should not be one in that dis-
tnct, to the neaiest theieumo, specifying in it his name,
