THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
Of the robbers; but as soar* as he was able to get
sp h:© asked for a court of inquiry, and General
CS&rlaad, who was in command, ordered a court
of inquiry to investigate the circumstances. The
proceedings* of the court were forwarded to the
War Department. I obtained them from the
Department, and they are now lying-on the table.
Jte the proceedings were voluminous I did  ot
think-it necessary to make them a part of the re-
port;but the testimony establishes the fact beyond
all controversy that three men, at a late hour of
the night, came into his room disguised, knocked
feim down, beat him severely, and he lay for
some time in a state of insensibility. # While he
was insensibie they tookthe keys of his safe, and
fobbed it. He happens to know the precise
amount, because he was going the next morning
to Fort Defiance to pay off some troops,_ and he
was compelled to leave some money behind, and
he had counted every dollar of it.with his clerk.
The testimony of the clerk is with the papers as
lo the exact amount of money on hand.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JAMES BELL.
The bill (S. No-. 233) fur the relief of the legal
representatives of James Bell, deceased, reported
by the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, was
*ead the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Its object is to direct the payment to the legal
representatives of James Bell, late of Chambly,
in the province of Lower Canada, deceased, of
the sum of $329 31, that being the balance of
principal found due to his representatives upon
the settlement of their accounts at the Treasury,
under the act for their relief, approved June 30,
1834, with interest on that balance from that date
till paid; and the further sum of §14,535 25, being
the amount of interest accrued on the principal
debt from the 23d April, 1794, to June 30,1854.
Mr. BIGGS. I think this bill, if I understood
its reading correctly, involves a principle which
has already been substantially adjudicated upon
by the Senate but a few days ago. I do not
understand the merits of thee.lnim, but it appears
to involve the payment of a very large amount
of interest.
Mr. DURKEE. This is one of a class of cases
where Congress has recognized the propriety of
paying interest. It is a claim for supplies fur-
nished to the Government during the war of the
Revolution. The justice of the claim has already
been acknowledged by the Government. A bill
was passed by the House of Representatives
many years ago, providing for its payment with
interest. That bill was amended m the Senate,
by striking out the interest and a small amount
of the principal, with the understanding, how-
ever, that Jt was not to prc/udice the rights of the
parties on a rehearing. I'hat bill became a law.
Since that time, the parties have been petition-
ing for the remainder of the principal and the
interest.
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims were,
I believe, unanimous as to the propriety of al-
lowing interest in this case, inasmuch as it was
a sacred claim against the Government—a debt.
It is a claim for advances made to the Govern-
ment when it was not able to pay its debts, when
it was an advantage to the Government to have
credit. The claim of Mr. Bell was presented in
1794, and favorably reported upon in Congress,
but no appropriation was made for its payment
until 1834. The report citcs many—I think three
hundred and fifty—similar canes of the same
class, where interest has been paid. It stands on
a very different footing from a claim now arising,
and for the first time presented at this time, when
we are able to pay our debts, and where the al-
lowance is not made from some informality. In
such cases interest is not now allowed, because
it cannot be founded on any want of ability in the
Government to pay its debts; but at the time
when these advances were made, everybody
knows that the Government was not able to pay
its debts. We had the benefit of these advances;
it was a patriotic act on the part of Mr. Bell to
make them; and for this reason the committee
thought it a sacred claim which should be paid.
Mr. BIGGS. I would inquire whether this is
not a ease which clearly comes within the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims ? It seems to me
to be a claim against the Government founded on
a law, and it ought to be adjudicated by the court.
Mr. DURKEE. In reply to the suggestion of
the Senator from North Carolina, I will say that
it is not, a case properly cognizable by the Court
of Claims, because.it is not a legal claim; but it
is founded on the principles of equity, and it is
reported by the committee as an equitable, honest
claim which should be paid. The advances were
made twenty-four years before the period from
which we provide that the computation of interest
shall commence. We have done this, because we
had not conclusive evidence that the claim was
presented earlier than the period of 1794. It was
presented then, and was favorably reported on
by a committee of Congress, and the propriety
of paying it was indorsed by Mr. Gallatin, Sec-
retary of the Treasury. It is one of a class of
cases where interest should properly be paid, and
it is in accordance with precedent.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to inquire of the Senator,
why has the claim been so long postponed since
it was Urst presented ?
Mr. DURKEE. It has been acted on several
times in one House or the other, and favorable
reports have always been made in both Houses;
but, for some reasons, the claim has not been
acted on at the same session by both branches of
Congress. In 1834 the original act was passed.
As it was agreed to by the House, it provided
for interest, but that was struck out in the Senate.
Since then the claim for interest has been repeat-
edly brought before the Senate and the other
House of Congress, and has always been reported
on favorably.
Mr. EVANS. I desire only to say a few
words, which I hope will satisfy the gentleman
from North Carolina in regard to the bill. This
Mr. Bell was a Canadian, living at a place called
Chambly. When the invasion of Canada took
place during the Revolution, he joined his fortunes
with the American cause, the result of which
was that the greater part of his property was con-
fiscated, and he finally had to leave the country.
While tho American army was stationed in his
neighborhood, he supplied them with money,
with goods, and with provisions to a very large
amount. These were partially paid for; but there
was o large balance still due to him. He died not
very long afterwards; but we do not know the exact
time when. His representatives first presented the
claim at least forty years before a bill was passed.
In the dilatory manner in which private claims
have heretofore been acted upon, it was delayed,
and there was no final action upon it until 1834.
At that time a bill was passed in the House of
Representatives, as I understand, allowing in-
terest upon these money advances; or, in other
wordy, upon a debt, not a gratuity. The House
proposed to allow him interest on the debt up to
that time; but when the bill came to the Senate,
it was amended in such a way as to pay the claim,
provided it should not exceed §6,000. The claim
was liquidated, and stated by the accounting
officers to amount to $6,329 of principal, and
$33,000 of interest then due. The parties received
the $6,000 appropriated, which came within $329
of paying the principal sum due, but did not
touch the interest at all. From 1834 up to this
time the claim has been constantly before Con-
gress, for the remainder of the interest and prin-
cipal. Report after report has been made, every
one in favor of it, so far as my investigation has
gone, and yet the debt remains unpaid.
The accounting officers of the Treasury com-
puted in 1834 that the interest then due was
#33,000. In making this report, the committee
thought it proper to adopt a fixed principle, and
the principle upon which we proceeded was this:
that the debt must be looked upon as a debt pay-
able on demand, and that the Government is not
bound to pay interest until the demand is pre-
sented. We think that interest is not to run from
the time when the man sends his petition, and
alleges that the Government owes him money, i
but from the time when he makes out his case to !
the satisfaction of either branch of Congress. ;
Acting on this principle, we went back to the
i time when this claim was fully recognized by a
J report; and, instead of allowing §33,000 interest,
| we reduced it to $14,500. There is no doubtabout
'.the $329 of principal.
1 The mere question is, whether these parties
shall have interest on the advances of Mr. Bell.
He advanced his own money, goods, and provis-
ions for the American army. Similar demands
have been paid with interest in other cases.
They never were disputed for the first forty
years of the Government. Of late years, how-
ever, interest has sometimes been allowed, and
sometimes it has not been. The conimittee
thought it was perfectly right in this case, as this
man had rendered most valuable and important
services in thus furnishing the Government with
suppliess that he should at least have interest
from the time when his representatives made
out the demand to the satisfaction of the Govern-
ment itself.
With regard to the question of jurisdiction, it
strikes me that the principle which we ought to
adopt on that point is, that if there be any doubt
about a claim, and if it falls within a class clearly
within the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, it
should be referred to that court; but where tho
jurisdiction is doubtful, where the court may or
may not exercise jurisdiction if the case be refer-
red—for as yet we do not know on what princi-
ple the court will proceed—and where the party
is clearly entitled to the benefit which the private
bill affords him, I think we oughtnot to send him
to that tribunal.
Mr. BIGGS. The explanation of the Senator
from South Carolina is perfectly satisfactory.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
ELIZABETH V. LOMAX.
The bill, (S.No. 234,) reported from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, for the relief of
Elizabeth V. Lomax, only surviving child of
Captain William Lindsay, of the Revolution, was
road the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct that there be paid to Eli-
zabeth V. Lomax §5,675, as arrears of pension
due to Captain William Lindsay, from the 1st of
October, 1778, to the 1st of September, 1797.
William Lindsay, the father of the petitioner,
was appointed a cornet in Colonel Bland's regi-
ment, of the Virginia State line, on the 16th of
June, 1776; was promoted to a lieutenancy on the
15th of March, 1777, and was transferred to Lee's
corps on the 31st of March, 1777. He was en-
gaged in a skirmish with the British in January,
1778, in which he was badly wounded. As a
reward for his gallantry on this occasion, he was
promoted to a captaincy, as will appear by the
resolve of Congress of the 7th of April, 1778. In
consequence of the wound received on the occa-
sion alluded to, he became physically incapable
of service as a cavalry officer, and resigned his
commission on the 1st October, 1778. Captain
Lindsay was provided for as an invalid pensioner,
under the resolution of the 26th of August, 1776?
but he never applied for it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the tliird time, and
passed.
LEMUEL WORSTER.
The next private bill on the Calendar was a
bill reported from the Committee on Pensions
(S. No. 235) for the relief of Lemuel Worster;
which was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Lemuel Worster, of
Lebanon, York county, and State of Maine, upon
the roll of invalid pensioners, and to pay to him
the sum of eight dollars per month, from the 1st
of Januar}', 1855, during his natural life. It also
provides that no sale, transfer, or mortgage of the
pension, or any part of it, prior or subsequent
to the passage of the act, shall be valid.
His father, Captain Alexander Worster, now
deceased, was m command of a company of
militia, and in September, 1814, received orders
to march to Kittery Point, Maine, and join the
troops there rendezvousing, for the defense of
the coast against British invasion. Ten days
after effecting a junction of the forces detailed for
that service, an order was received from the War
Department to organize the companies of one
hundred men each. Under this order, Captain
Worster's company and the companies com-
manded by Captains Thompson and Ayres were
