24%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
adopting the plurality rule, we could elect a na-
tional Democrat as Speaker; but from what I
have seen since we have met here, I am not so
well satisfied that we could do that now; and,
therefore, I vote against it. I say thus much,
because I want my people to understand why I
voted for the plurality rule in 1849, and against
it now. I vote no.
The result of the vote was then announced, as
above recorded.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Clerk, I have
seen much, heard much, and read much that has
surprised me at this session of Congress; but I
was never more amazed in all my life than I was
on entering the Hall this morning, to find a propo-
sition of this kind pending before this body. I
felt embarrassed, because I thought that it might
place me in a false attitude before the House and
the country. I felt, also, that it might tend to
embarrass the action of this House. But I had
no remedy; and I now rise for the simple purpose
of assuring the House that the proposition was
made without my knowledge and without my
authority. It was, doubtless, the result of per-
sonal kindness and of patriotic design on the
part of the gentleman from Iowa, and I thank
nim for it.
Sir-, it is but proper I should say that since I
withdrew my name on the seventh day of Decem-
ber, I have on several occasions been appealed to
by honorable gentlemen to give my consent to the
introduction of some such proposition as this.
Those who never voted for me during the time I
was before the House as the candidate of my
friends, have made appeals to me that they might
be authorized to submit something of this kind.
The honorable gentleman from Pcnnsjdvauia [Mr.
Knight] has made such an appeal to me on more
than one occasion. My uniform response has been,
tit at whatever ambition L might have had, when
I came here, to occupy that high and honorable
f)ost, had been cured, because I thought that its
lonors had been very materially frittered away
by the circumstances connected with this contro-
versy.
I assured the gentlemen who made these appli-
cations to me that, under no circumstances what-
ever, could I, in the existing condition of tilings,
be considered as a candidate, or as throwing' any
obstacle in the way of a speedy organization of
this body. "With the honorable gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Tiiorington,] 1 believe I have not,
for some weeks, scarcely passed the ordinary
courtesies and civilities of the day, much less to
have any conversation with him upon a proposi-
tion such as he i\as submitted; and he doubtless
will, if he has not already done so, exonerate me
fully and entirely from any participation m this
matter.
Mr. THORINGTON. I stated, I Relieve, I
had not had, directly or indirectly, any consulta-
tion with the gentleman from Ohio, and had only
mentioned the matter to some of my particular
friends.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am glad, however, tluit
the vote has been taken, because it may be the
means of throwing some additional light upon
this question of organization, and of enabling us
to extricate ourselves from the difficulties m our
way. I am glad, too, for the further reason, that
it gives me an opportunity to acknowledge, in
my humble way, my unfeigned gratitude to those
fentlemen—and there aie many of them—who
ave supported this resolution, yet who did not,
for reasons satisfactory to them, vote for me upon
the former occasion.
Here the result of the vote was announced, as
above recorded.
IION. DANIEL MACE.
Mr. CUMBACK. I have never, as yet, con-
sumed the time of the House by talking, and I
rise now, not with the intention of consuming
much time, but simply for the purpose of intro-
ducing a resolution which, I think, will facilitate
the organization of this House. During the
first pm t of the session, I cast my vote for the
distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell;] and continued to do so as long as he was
a candidate for the speakership. Since he with-
drew his name from the canvass, I have steadily
and uniformly, at every call of the roll, cast my
vote for the honorable gentleman from Massa-
chusetts; and I say here, if my vote would elect
that gentleman now, he should have it; if it
would elect the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] he should have it; or if it would elect any
man of this House, who was reliable against the
further extension of slavery, he should have it.
We want an organization, and I care nothing for
men. 45 Principles, and not men,M has ever been
my motto.
\ have drawn up, and have in my hand, abso-
lution which embodies the name of a man who,
it is well known, has been true upon this ques-
tion—the name of a man who, although a sup-
porter of this Administration when it came into
power, has had the manhood and the nerve to
resist the policy of that same power when it
abandoned the principles of Jeflersonian Democ-
racy by aiding the encroachment of slavery
upon free territory—a man who first in this Hall
raised his voice against this outrage—this deep
and infamous iniquity of repealing a solemn com-
pact and compromise to spread the curse of hu-
man bondage. I will cast my vote cheerfully for
him, and I hope every anti-Nebraska man in this
House will cast his vote for him. I do not pro-
pose to say anything by way of eulogy upon him.
His record is enough for him to stand upon,"and
beyond that he needs no recommendation at my
hands. His independence, and his adherence to
the cause of freedom, tire his best eulogy. I
send the resolution to the Clerk's table, and ask
that it may be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Rewk-cJ, That tin/ Ifon. Daniel Mace be, and lie is
hereby. declared Speaker of the Thirty-Fourth Congttv<.
Mr. CUMBACK. I demand the previous
question upon the resolution.
Mr. DUNN. Will my colleague withdraw his
demand for a moment?
Mr. CUMBACK. Not now. I want to make
this further remark: I offered this resolution
without any consultation whatever with my
worthy colleague, [Mr. Mace;] and I offer it in
good faith. It is not that gentleman's ambition,
nor is it his desire, to be Speaker of this House.
I have bson constantly voting with the majority,
and I offer this resolution with the sole purpose
of piocuring thereby an organization of this
House.
Mr. DUNN. Will my colleague withdraw his
call for the previous question?
Mr. CUMBACK. I will withdraw it in favor
of my colleague, if he will renew it.
Mr. DUNN. I will renew the call for the pre-
vious question, if he desires it. I am not dis-
pleased—on the contrary, I am gratified—that the
whip has at last left the outer circle and been
displayed upon this floor. I had occasion a few
moments ago to remark to the gentleman from.
Ohio, that 1 was not responsible to him, or to any
member of this House, for the manner in which
I saw fit to cast my vote upon any question here.
I believe the safety of our institutions depend,
not only upon the freest exercise of that right,
but upon the promptest and sternest rebuke upon
any effort to check or in anywise control 31. Never-
theless, 1 have been willing all along to conform,
in the selection of officers of the House, to that
old and time-honored usage of designating the can-
didates by party caucuses—a mode found emi-
nently convenient and useful,
And, sir, I believe gentlemen very well know—
and if any one will take the responsibility of con-
tradicting it, I should like to have him rise in his
place an<l do so now—that at no time during the
present session of Congress has my voice been
against this usage. At nil times, when I have
spoken upon this subject, from the day when I
first arrived in this city, have I earnestly urged it.
As my colleague [Mr. Biienton] from the Fort
Wayne district, yesterday morning remarked—
and in my judgment no man can doubt the truth
of it—this entire embarrassment has i.rown out
of the fact that a caucus has been refused as a
means of designating the person who should be
the candidate for the speakership. I have heard
much s<iid about caucuses, hut 1 have spon noth-
ing entitled to that designation. A few gentle- j
men of a party cannot constitute a caucus. No j
man ever before understood that as being a 1
caucus. It is understood, when we speak of a
caucus* that we mean the coming together, and
acting together, of those having a common inter-
est and aim, for the purpose of carrying out the
desired result. Now, sir, I want to follow this
subject no further.
I wish to make another remark to some gen-
tlemen upon this floor. Several gentlemen have
announced, this morning, to the country—be-
cause it is the country which is interested in all
these matters—that the whole responsibility of
this want of organization rested upon those here
who, professing to be anti-Nebraska men, would
not give their support to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] Let me tell those
gentlemen, I am not only a professor of anti-Ne-
braskaism, but one fully in the faith and practice,
and that I am almost as old upon that subject as
some who are the most noisy and stormy here
now. Sir, I will not yield one inch from the
front line of those who claim to be the old soldiers,
or the neophytes, in this army; and when you,
gentlemen, one or all of you, undertake to read
me from the church, I imagine, before this trial
is through, the church will be ready to turn out.
That is all I have to say upon that subject, save
this: I do not permit any one of you to keep my
judgment, my conscience, my politics, or my
honor; nor will you control my vote upon any
subject here against my own sense of right.
They arc in my own care, and I shall, in all
cases, conform to what I regard just and proper.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman allow
me a word of explanation? That gentleman
must perfectly recollect that public notice was
given of a meeting of the anti-Nebraska mem-
bers, and that those gentlemen, to the number of
sixty-mnc or seventy, did actually attend. I am
told, by some gentleman near me, that there
were more than eighty present, but I cannot say.
That gentleman was among the number. We
came lor the purpose of acting, and I am sure
that he does not intend to say that these gentle-
men were not willing to act on that occasion. On
the contrary, he will say—he will not do any indi-
vidual the injustice to deny—that they proceeded
to avow their intention to vote for Mr. Banks. I
mention this, because it is due to my friend from
Indiana, and to all of us here, that this thing
should go out as the facts really were.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Clerk, I thank -the gentle-
man from Ohio for alluding to some things which
have transpired in caucuses. May I trouble him
to be as candid in alluding to some other things
which transpired in " the hole in the wall" below
here? [Laughter.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. Anything. Certainly .1
have no objection.
Mr. DUNN. At the time that I told the gen-
tleman from Ohio and others, that I took up my
indentures in support of Mr. Banks, and gave
them the reason why 1 should no longer vote for
him, will he state what occurred there, and what
reasons I gave then for withdrawing from Mr.
BANKb's support?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not understand the
gentleman's interrogatory.
Mr. DUNN. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will now inform the House, inasmuch as he thinks
it perfectly proper to go into what transpired in
caucus, what occurred in another place callrd a cem-
eus, on an occasion when I stated that I had given
my last vote for Mr. Banks, and what reasons I
then gave.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My friend from Indiana
docs not, I am sure, intend to say or to intimate
that I have made public the proceedings of a cau-
cus. I did intend to say that we met here, at this
place, and, as it was due to ourselves as well as
to him that our action should be known, that he
withdrew from the caucus, and did not act with
us. He now alludes to a meeting, an informal
meeting, which took place in the committee room
of the Committee on the Judiciary, 3 believe. I
do not recollect the date of that meeting, nor do
I know what he wishes me to state in regard to
it. Whatever I do know, I am certainly willing
to express. So far as I myself am concerned, 1
have no secrets.
Mr. DUNN. I refer to the meeting of gentle-
men from the, northwestern territory, or a part of
those gentlemen, (for I have since learned they
were not all there,) with a few gentlemen from
other sections of the country, on the evening of
the same day that Mr. Campbell withdrew his
name as a candidate for the speakership.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will my friend from Indi-
ana state what point he wishes me to speak upon?
