1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
consolidated into two companies, under command
of Thompson and Ayres, and Captain Worster
was appointed first lieutenant of Captain Thomp-
son 's company, and commissioned as such. Each
commissioned officer of these companies was enti-
tled to, and each appointed, aberrant or waiter.
They were usually selected from among'the en-
rolled men, and detailed for this duty, under pay
and rations; but in this instance, the officers exer-
cised their discretion, and selected their attendants
outside of the ranks. In this selection no regard
was paid to age, provided the person was capable
of performing the duty; and Lieutenant Worster
appointed his son Lemuel, then twelve years of
age, and, in the language of the affidavit of Cap-
tain Thompson, accompanying the papers, 44 a
smart, active lad, who served as such, and was
constantly in the line of his duty, until he was
taken sick of camp or spotted fever." His health
has been entirely destroyed since that time in
consequence of it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
DANIEL DOLAND.
The bill (S. No. 236) of the Committee on Pen-
sions, for the relief of Daniel Doland, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It will, if enacted, direct the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Daniel Doland, a
trivate in Captain Steele's company of New
fork volunteers during the Mexican war, on the
roll of invalid pensioners, and pay him the sum
of $6 75 per month, from the 1st of January, 1855,
during his natural hfe.
Doland enlisted August 1, 1846, and was dis-
charged on the 10th of the same month. The
roll return him discharged on writ of habeas
corpus as a minor, but he alleges that he wfts dis-
charged for disability resulting from a sprain
received while " drilling," and that he received
a certificate to that effect, which he has lost.
The affidavits accompanying the petition show
that he was not a minor m 1846; that he was a
sound and healthy man when he enlisted, and that
he is now three fourths disabled from disease of
the veins of the left leg. Two surgeons of the
Army certify to the character of the disease, and
the degree of disability, and the captain of the
company in which he enlisted makes oath to the
fact of the disease having been incurred as alleged
by petitioner, and that the surgeon of the regi-
ment is now dead.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
HENRY VOLCKER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill, (S.
No. 240,) reported by the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to confirm the title of Henry Volcker
to a certain tract of land in the Territory of New
Mexico; which was read" the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the "Whole.
It proposes to confirm Volcker m his title to
six hundred and forty acres of land, in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, located by virtue of a cer-
tificate numbered 169, of the second class, issued
by the board of land commissioners for thecounty
of Bexar, Republic of Texas, to Simon Prado,
dated the 5cli of January, 1846.
By an act of Congress of the Republic of Texas,
approved December 19, 1836, the western bound-
ary of Texas was declared to extend to the Rio
Grande river. By a map prepared under the di-
rection of the War Office, from the most reliable
authorities, in 1844, the Rio Grande, also, is laid
down as the western boundary of Texas. After
the annexation of Texas to the United States,
this Government recognized the boundaries of
Texas, as defined by the Republic of Texas. So
that, at the date of the certificate from the board
of commissioners to a period beyond the time
of the location and survey by the proper officer,
this land was within the territory belonging to
Texas, and was subject to location and settle-
ment under authority from that State. Simon
Prado, or those claiming under him, only required
the patent, to which he was legally entitled, to
give a complete title to this tract of land.
patent the State of Texas would have been bound.
in good faith, to have issued, and would have
done so, undoubtedly, but for the short period
elapsing between the survey and the passage of
the act of Congress, approved September 9, 1850,
by virtue of which that part of the territory of
Texas in which this tract of land was situated
was relinquished to the United States.
That this Government is bound by law and
good faith to confirm such inchoate titles in ter-
ritory acquired from another Power, which such
Power under the laws, usages, and customs thereof
would have confirmed had such territory con-
tinued in their possession, is a question so well
settled, both by the laws of nations and the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court of the United States,
(see 4 Peters, 512; 7 Peters, 87, and 10 Peters,
330,) that the committee do not deem it necessary
to discuss the question.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. Jt was read the third time, and
passed.
JOHN MORRISON AND CHARLES GIKN.
The Senate next took up the bill, (S. No. 241,)
reported from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Morrison and Charles Ginn; which was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to confirm the claim of the heirs
and legal representatives of John Morrison and
Charles Ginn to two tracts of land of four hun-
dred acres each, lying within what is known as
the <l Baron de Bastrop grant."
By the act of Congress entitled "An act con-
firming certain land claims in Louisiana, in the
Bastrop grant," approved June 29, 1854, it is
provided, " That such of the claims entered in
the report, dated 30th July, 1852, of the register
and receiver at Monroe, Louisiana, as in their
opinion ought to be confirmed, according to the b
principles recognized in the act of Congress of '
aware, at the time of ma-king, the contmct^hai
the act of January 26, 1849, provided dfffbllowsj
"and all other articles whatever imported for thd
use of the United States shall be imported free
of duty," &c.—Statutes at Large, vol. 9, p. 343.
He knew, too, that this provision wak only the
revival of similar enactments, such as that to be-
found in the act of April 27,1816, September 11^
1841, and August 30, 1842, the effect and opera-
tion of which were precisely such as he claims to
be the effect and operation of the act of 1849.
Frequent importations had been made under these
acts of articles for the use of the United States,
and they had been admitted to entry free of duty.
When the quills contracted for in 1852 arrived in
the United States, the question was raised; and,
after patient investigation by Mr. Corwin, then
Secretary of the Treasury, the duties which had
been paid under protest were ordered to be' re-
funded to the parties to whose care the quills had
been consigned. Under these circumstances the
present contract was entered into, hut when the
quills arrived in the United States duties were
charged.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
OLIVIA W. CANNON.
The bill (S. No. 246) of the Committee on:
Pensions, granting a pension to Mrs. Olivia W.
Cannon, widow of Joseph S. Cannon, lat6 a mid-
shipman .in the United States Navy, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to pay to Mrs. O. W. Cannon a sum equa!
to five years' half-pay of her deceased husband's
grade in the Navy, estimated according to his
pay for active sea service, under act of 2d March,
1835.
Joseph S. Cannon was appointed midshipman
principles recognized in the act oi congress or y on the 26th February, 1814, and commissioned
the 3d March, 1841, (1851,) pursuant to which .j by President Madison. Immediately upon re-
j the said report was made, be, and the same are :j ceiving his commission, he was ordered to report
| hereby, confirmed for the extent and under the >| himself for duty to the commandant of the naval
i limitations rcfcricd to in the opinions of the said
i officers." To this act of confirmation there is a '
proviso: "That if in any case a claim confirmed |
by this act was not actually located prior to the j
35 of March, 1851, no location of the same shall j
be made to the prejudice of any actual settler, <
but such floating claim may be located on any j
public lands in the Ouachita district, to which j
station at Vcrgcnnes, Vermont, on Lake Cham-
plain. He repaired at once to his post, and en-
tered upon active duty. On the 11th September^
1814, lie became a participant in that memorable
victory on Lake Champlain, under Commodore
McDonough. For the gallant conduct he dis-
played on that occasion he was voted a sword by
Congress. This highly flattering testimonial was
there maybe no existing preemption or other jj presented by the Navy Department in appropri-
valid claim, under such regulations as may be ji ate terms.
prescribed by the Commissioner of the General S In 1817, Midshipman Cannon received orders
Land Office. !■ to report himself on board of the schooner Asp,
The two tracts of land in question were located || at Baltimore, which vessel was about to sail for
subsequent to the 3d of March, 1851, on the 1st |j nn expedition in surveying the southern coast,
of June, 1852; and the United States deputy sur- jj To this order he responded with the same alacrity
. veyor certifies that "there was no person living j
j on the annexed location on the 1st day of June, \
I 1852;" and the register and receiver report, in j
! each case respectively, that " the present claim- ;
( ants have caused their right to be located on land j
, unclaimed and unoccupied." t i
The bill was reported to the Senate without
I amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
| reading, read the third time, and passed.
| FRANCE TAYLOR.
The bill (S. No. 245) reported from the Com-
j— L1 i ii /. ,1 f t-iil i of /"i f t'1 i'?t nr *J\ ' 1' ir
displayed by him on former occasions and for
upwards of seventeen months, amidst the most
arduous duties consequent upon a faithful per-
formance of the important task before himself
and brother officers, Midshipman Cannon cpn-
tinued to labor with great assiduity in a climate to
which his system was entirely unaccustomed.
He underwent exposures by night and by day,
the effect of which resulted in a deep-seated pul-
monary disease, and from which, ultimately, he
found an untimely death.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
j mittee on Finance, for the relief oi 1-rancK lay- i| amen(jment and ordered to be engrossed for a
I lor, was read the second time, and considered as '■ - .
i in Committee of the Whole.
! Under its provisions the Secretary of the Treas-
: ury is to pay to Franck Taylor, of the city of
I Washington, the amounts of duties paid by or
i for him to the collectors of the ports of New York
: and Philadelphia, upon importations of quills
! during the years 1853,1854, and 1855, if they were
1 imported and delivered at the navy-yard of the
United States, in Washington, in pursuance of
any contract with, or orders from, the Bureau of
Ordnance and Hydrography. .
In August, 1852, Franck Taylor entered into a
contract with Commodore Morris, then chiei of
the Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrography, rcpre-
third reading. It was read the third time, and
nassed.
MORRIS POWERS.
*The next bill on the Calendar was one reported
from the Committee on Pensions, (S. No. 247,)
granting a pension to Morris Powers; which was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. Its object is to grant him
eight dollars a month during his life, from Jan-
uary 1, 1856.
Powers enlisted as a private in Company H,
8th infantry, in 1844, for five years, and was dis-
charged in 1846, on surgeon 's certificate of ordi-
nary disability, to wit: " Paralysis of the lower
sentino- the United States, for a million of small- h extremities, produced by a fractured wound near
■ sized ouills for cannon primers. There is no |l the spine." He alleges that the wound was a
si7ed auills for cannon prii««w.   — ,
1 market for the purchase of such quills in the jj stab received in the line of duty; thathe is aeripple
I United States, and they are necessarily imported !| for life, and so reduced in circumstances that fte
i from other countries, where they are collected !j has been compelled to become an inmate ol th®
! and soldTnquantity. The memorialist was well II Military Asylum. H  claim tejecfedfcy the
