1844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July SO,
have no feeling of opposition to works of fortifi-
3ation in other sections of the Union; but I ap-
peal tugentlemen from the South, while they have
appropriated in this bill §833,000, that they will
aelp us to build up this fortification, not because
it is north of Mason and Dixon's line, but be-
cause it is a great national work to protect a sec-
tion of country that is entitled to protection at
the hands of the national Government.
New a word in reply to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Campbell,
of Ohio.] I did not intend to impute any blame.
I was under the impression that the matter had
been before that committee. I knew that it had
been before the Senate. I knew that the recom-
mendations had been presented to that body from
the proper Department, and that the appropriation
had been unanimously adopted by that body in
the fortification bill which passed during the
present session. The matter was properly pre-
sented to the Senate by a Senator from Maine;
and I supposed, of course, that it had been before
the Committee of Ways and Means. I had been,
incorrectly it seems, informed that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had taken action upon
it, and that it would be included in the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The matter has never
been before us. We have never had the honor
of an application, even from the gentleman from
Maine himself.
Mr. BENSON. I have said that I had under-
stood the matter had been before the committee,
and had been acted upon. I knew the work was
an important one; and, trusting; in the justice of
the Committee of Ways and Means, I believed
it would be provided for.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to reduce the
appropriation proposed by the gentleman from
Maine, #10,000.
Now, sir, will the gentleman from Maine be
kind enough to teil me when was the last time an
appropriation was made for this Kenncbcck forti-
fication ?
Mr. BENSON. So long ago that the memory
of man runneth not to the contrary.
Mr. LETCHER. Has none been made within
the memory of the present generation ?  
Mr. likX-SON. I have no recollection of any 1! drew his amendment.
appropriation bcin°; expended there. | Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to increase the sum
Mr. Ll<< 1GUER. Then it strikes me that if j1 named in the amendment $10,000.
the gentleman from Maine cannot recollect when ij I would inquire of my colleague, who is ever
an appropriation was made for this work—and !] watchful over the interests of Ohio, how much is
he must be. able to recollect nearly half a century :! appropriated for the two hundred miles of foreign
• U must iiave been a very long time ago. ii coast in our own State? "
Mr. UNDERWOOD. ( ask the gentleman >j Mr. CAMPBELL. Not a dollar. We do not
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair presumes that
an appropriation has been made if a fort is there.
Mr. BENSON. I merely desire to say that the
only effect of the authority quoted by the gentle-
man from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] is to show
that Mr. Conrad recognized the importance of
keeping the fortification in repair at this point.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know that that
exactly follows. 1 have not been able to find
any recommendation for this appropriation. No
recommendation has been sent to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and I never heard of
any recommendation of any Executive Depart-
ment for this work, until the gentleman referred
us to-day to one which he says was sent to the
Senate during the present session of Congress.
Mr. PHELPS. In the report of Secretary
Conrad, to which I have referred, the various
works are arranged in different classes. I find
this Kennebeck improvement m class D, under
the first head, for they are arranged in geograph-
ical.order. Amongst those which are to be com-
menced first is that at Kennebeck, Maine; and
here is a description of the work :
" Kennebeck River.—This river (one of the largest in the
eastern States) enters the sea nearly midway between
Cape Cod and the mouth ol the St. Croix. It rises near the
souice of the Cliaudieie, which is a tributary of the St.
Lawrence, and had oneef-prved as a hue of operation against
Quebec. The situation and extent of this river*the value
of its pioducts, and the active commerce of several veiy
flourishing towns upon its bunks., together with the excel-
lence of the haibor within its mouth, will not permit its
defense to be neglected. The suiveys, begun many years
ago, were never finished."
There never has been money expended on that
fortification by the action of this Government.
The executive Department of the Government
which has in charge the military defenses, reports
that this is an important point. The cost of the
work is estimated at $300,000. It reports that no
money has ever been appropriated for that purpose,
and that the surveys commenced with a view to
the construction of the work, have never been
completed.
Mr. MATTESON. Does the gentleman take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. PHELPS. 1 do not; although I think it
is wrong.
Mr. LETCHER, by unanimous consent, with-
from Maine whether that fort is manned now i
Mr. UENSON. Not at this time.
Mr. LETCHER. If it is not too late, I desire
now to present the question of order, that, upon
the statement of the gentleman from Maine him-
self, this appropriation is for a work that has had
nothing expended on it for so long that it is the
 ame as an appropriation for an original work.
want any. The strong arms uf our people are
our defense and fortification.
Mr. GIDDINGS. For twenty years I have
reiterated that sentiment in this Hall. I thank
God that we have no fortifications there. If we
are patriotic we never will have any. We can
trust to the good right arms of our people.
Mr. Chairman, this whole system is nothing
Mr. PHELPS. In connection with the point i| but a grab game, ft is a squandering of the pub-
ordnr vnnnn tv*r tho rmntlomon +\. A,-.-, \r   ! i-   "r  i. ^ ° .. *
of order made by the gentleman from Virginia, ,
I desire to call the attention of the committee to i
the report of Mr. Conrad, while ho was Secre- ''
tary of War, upon the fortifications of the coun- j
try. It was his duty to prepare a report upon !
the military defenses of the country, and in it ho !
speaks of the mouth of the Kennebeck river as !
an important point, and estimates the cost of'
building or repairing at $300,0UO. I do not see :
Jiat there is any statement of any appropriation !
ever having been made. I have not had time to I
examine the statement very carefully, but this is
all the evidence X can find in relation to it. I
have no recollection of any appropriation ever
being made, and I raise the question of order, 1
-hat the amendment is not in order. I
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot rule ,
the amendment out of order, as it appears that
there is a fortification there which it is proposed :
to improve, upon the ground of the length of i -
time that has intervened since any appropriation '
Has been made. The point of order rests upon the :
length or time that has elapsed since an aporo-
priationwas made. The Chair cannot discrimi-
nate between one, two, or four years, and thero-
fore overrules the question of order.
Mr. PHELPS. I call the attention of the
lie money to appropriate it for the erection of
fortifications which are of no more use than the
ancient castles of the Rhine. Five years ago we
voted down the fortification bill; and if the gen-
tlemen on the other side are as patriotic now as
their predecessors were then, we will vote down
| this bill. With the facts which we have before
| us, it is an insult to the American people to ap-
propriate money for such works. In 1814, when
the British fleet came up the Potomac, Port
Washington was bristling with guns and bay-
onets. The enemy landed below the fort, marchcd
around it and made their way here to destroy our
Capitol and olher public buildings. They were
so ungenerous that they would not go to the fort
to be shot at. This is a perfect illustration of the
absurdity of the entire system. Gentlemen who
were here will recollect that five years ago we
defeated the entire fortification hill. We ou"ht
to defeat this one. °
_ My object, Mr. Chairman, is to call the atten-
tion of those who wish to act like statesmen to
this system and its utter uselessness. I rejoice
that, on the occasion to which 1 have referred,
extremes did meet. Southern men and Aboli-
tionists acted together. Yes, sir, the high-toned
southern men and tiie Abolitionists can meet here.
Wappropriatfo^was^lermade"#, eVdonc®-tllat jj [Laughter.] On such tmestiona we have hereto-
u'"waa ever made for that point. I! fore acted in coneert. Two years hence gentle-
men will remember what I say. They will then
see, if this money is appropriated, that it is a
useless squandering of the public funds. These
appropriations are passed when we cannot get a
dollar to aid our commerce; while members will
not vote for any appropriation to construct har-
bors of refuge on the western lakes, for want of
which ships and men in great numbers go to the
bottom, they vote annually these appropriations
for the construction of fortifications. They have
so acted, and they will act in the same way again.
I hope they will not; but I am afraid they will.
Now, if this money is to be squandered I will
aid my friend from Maine to get the greatest grab
he can. [Laughter.] I am as great a frien'd of
Maine as any other man. If anything is to be
done in the way of fortifications, I am as willing
Maine shall have them as any other State. But
we will vote for none of them if we act like states-
men, knowing they are legislating forafter time.
We have means of defense far surer and more
efficient than fortifications. Our railroads are
those means. In case of an cxpected attack on
New York city, we could, by means of the rail-
roads, soon concentrate a million of brave fight-
ing men there, with all the munitions of war.
The enemy would be defeated before landing. I
am opposed to the entire system. I think it is a
waste of the public money to build fortifications,
and I shall vote against them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am opposed to the amend-
ment. I agree, to a certain extent, to what my col-
league has said, and the Committee of Ways and
Means has endeavored to circumscribe, as far as
Fossible, the estimates for these appropriations.
will consume no further time on the subject, but
ask for the vote, so that we may dispose of the
bill this evening*.
Mr. GIDDINGS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to in-
crease the appropriation $5,000. I wish to say
that I cannot bring myself to agree with the gen-
tleman from Alabama, who has introduced°tho
doctrine here that we must follow the Committee
of Ways and Means, and that that committee
must alone legislate for the country. I do not so
regard that committee; I think that we have, or
ought to have, something to do with the; legisla-
tion of the country. We are not merely to re-
gister the proceedings and confirm the doings of
the Committee of Ways and Means. We have
a right, under the rules, to offer amendments.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of or-
der. I know my friend from Maine will appre-
ciate my motive. I wish to get the bill through
to-night. If we go into this general debate, it is
difficult to tell when we shall get it through. My
point is that the gentleman's remarks are not per-
tinent to his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN". I submit that my remarks
were in reply to the argument that there should
be no more  
The CHAIRMAN". No point of order has
heretofore been submitted to the Chair. The
Chair rules that gentlemen must confine them-
selves strictly in support of, or in reply to, the
amendment which is under consideration.
Mr. WASIIBURN. I am in favoi of this
amendment, because I am in favor of the protec-
tion of the countiy. I am in favor of the amend-
ment offered by my friend and colleague, and
also of this additional amount proposed by my-
self, for I think it is necessary.
Ilie gentleman has shown the importance of
the amendment which he has offered; lie has
shown that the Senate has concurred m a similar
amendment; that the subject has been before the
Secretary of War, and that he has made a recom-
mendation in its favor; lie has shown facts suffi-
cient to satisfy this House that if there is a single
appropriation in the bill which is just and proper,
the amendment which he has offered is just and
proper. 1 desire to say that it is for thu protec-
tion of the country, and of its commerce; that it
is for the welfare of every portion of the Union;
that these protections upon the sea-coast are
necessary—as necessary, as important, as valu-
able to tfiie great interior State of Ohio, as they
are to the States in which they happen to be
made.
I desire also to say to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Giudings,] that I did not expcct that he
would join in the charge against eastern men, that
