244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
nearly so, dropped off, and Mr. Campbell's vote
"Wfis afi'ftin rcduced to about the old standard. Let
us see how the vote of the gentleman from New
York stands, for I have the record before me. It
shows that he voted the first eleven times for
Mr. Banks, the next six times for Mr. Campbell.
Then he cast four votes for Mr. Pennington,
then two for Mr. Campbell, and Mr. Campbell
■withdrew. So the gentleman's declaration a while
ago isnotontircly sustained by the record. The re-
cord of the gentleman from Ne w Y ork, at that time,
is about that of a good many other gentlemen in
this Hall. J have given it, that gentlemen may
see the position of tilings about the time when the
letter of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Giddincs] |
says they determined to ran up the vote of Mr. |
Campbell as large as possible, so as to give him 1
a handsome position to retire from. Well, Mr.
Clerk, the gentleman from New York, soon after
lie commenced voting for the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] was seized with suchan
attachment for my friend from Sew Jersey, [Mr.
Pennington,] that he could not leave him for a
■whole day. After Mr. Campbell's name was
"withdrawn, he went back to the gentleman from
New Jersey, and remained by him during the
whole of that day.
There is one other little matter to which I wish
also to refer, that it may goto complete the record.
I said here, some days ago, that I was authorized
by my colleague from the Port Wayne district,
[Mr. Brenton,] to state a circumstance that he
advised me of, to the effect that, after Mr. Camp-
bell's name had been withdrawn, the friends of
Mr. Banks did not w isli that the anti-Nebraska
men should concentrate their votes upon him at
once. They wanted them to scatter or throw off
until it was seen that Mr. Pennington, and other
anti-Nebraska candidates, should exhaust their
force, and their election be found impracticable,
and have their names withdrawn, or to that effect;
then we were to concentrate upon Mr. Banks, and
elcct him. My colleague will, if I have not the
authority to make this statement, call me to order,
and correct me if I have not made the statement
correctly.
Mr. 'BRENTON. I have only this to say:
when Mr. Campbell's name was withdrawn, the
friends ofM r. Banks approached me and requested
me not to \ote for Mr. Bvnks now, saying that
Mr. Banks did not desire it—thathis friends were
to vote for somebody else just then. I replied
that 1 was afraid that when Mr. Banks got ready,
1 might not, he ready, and 1 accordingly cast my
vote for Mr. Banks, and continued to vote for
him. I made this statement to my colleague [Mr.
Dunn] who is now on the floor.
Mr. SAGE. The gentleman from Indiana states
the record correctly so far as the statement of
my votes is concerned; but, to place the matter
in its proper light, [ desiio to say, that after Mr.
Campbell's name had been withdrawn 1 cast my
vote for Mr. Plnningtom in good faith; and, if
the friends of that gentleman had allowed me, 1
should have continued to vote for him to tins
time, unless he had desiied me to desist. But
what I want to say in this connection is, to give
my reason for selecting that gentleman then u.j
my candidate—and I believe the House will bear
nie witness in the correctness of the reason, it
was urged by tSio friends of the gentleman from
New Jersey, that the anti-Nebraska men of Penn-
sylvania could not be made to concentrate upon
Mr. Banks until they had first tried the gentle-
man from New Jersey, [Mr. Pennington,] whom
they preferred next to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Fuller,] for whom they were
then easting their votes. With this repiesenta-
tion, (AJr. Campbell's name having been with-
drawn.) I believed it just, as well as sound policy,
to concentrate the anU-Nebne-'ki strength on the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Pennington.]
1 urged this concentration m good faith and ear-
nestness, but the opposition of the friends of the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Pennington,]
prevented it. That was the position taken by
me, and I believe it was a correct one.
Mr. DUNN. There lias been too much of
policy hi lluse trunsuvlioas; I think that a little
more of straightforwardness might have been
equally, if not more, beneficial to the public in-
terest, and quite as creditable to gentlemen con-
cerned. [lAnghter.] I regret that the friends
of pay friend from New Jersey prevented any
man from standing firmly to their candidate. I
take this occasion to say, that I am not in the list
of friends who drove any man from his standard.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Mr. Clerk, I assume
no responsibility for any action taken on the
part of any of my friends in this contest; they
have acted on their own responsibility. I will
say, however, that t learned, late at night, soon
after the withdrawal of my friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] that a plan—a scheme I will
call it, because that word expresses better what
I mean—a scheme was concerted, in a certain
quarter, to run me up to a certain point, and then
to drop me, and in that way to kill me off out of
the way of other candidates. [Laughter.] At
the hour of one o'clock at night, when every
good Christian ought to have been a-bed, [laugh-
ter,] I was obliged, in self-defense, to make my
way through the dark passages of this city to
the headquarters where I supposed this scheme
was concocted, and there protested against this
" most foul and unnatural murder." [Great
laughter.]
Mr. DUNN. If I may be allowed to borrow
an illustration from a coarse and ordinary, but
very essential and respectable, pursuit of life in
the West, I would say that there has been a good
deal in this transaction much after the habit of
our people who address their attention to the
raising of hogs for the market; they fatten first
to slaughter afterwards. [Laughter.]
But this is digressing from the point which I
was remarking on when my colleague [Mr.
Bkicnton] kindly answered my question. His
answer is substantially in accordance with the
statement of facts which I made. Nov/, during
that day, my colleague and myself, in accord-
ance with the agreement which 1 have heretofore
publicly referred to in this House, continued to
vote for Mr. Banks. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sage] and other gentlemen, during
the same day, were feeding and fattening the
gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Pennington ,]
that he might, be slaughtered here next morning.
During the silence and darkness of that night,
what great light burst on the gentleman from
New York and other gentlemen m some parts of
the Rouse, I uo not know.
Mr. SAGE. I will inform the gentleman on
that point. The light thrown on me was this:
the gentleman's friends remonstrated with me
against what 1 believed to be the true policy for
oio' side of tlie House, viz: that the anti-Nebraska
men presenting Mr. Pennington should stand
by bun.
Mr. DUNN. My friends remonstrated, sir!
I do not know lien. I have any friend on this iloor.
Nor does it, in the least, concern me if I have
not, so far as this matter goes.
Mr. SAGE. I mean the friends of Air. Pen-
ninoton.
Mr. DUNN. Very well. There have been
indications here this morning, that would reason-
ably warn a cautious man that he was in the
midst of enemies. I ask no favor; I shun no re-
sponsibility that I ought to meet. But enough
of this.
The next morning after Mr. Campbell with-
drew, the gentleman from New York, with va-
rious other gentlemen, came here, and by their
action indicated to us the fact that they had dis-
covered, during the night, that Mr. Banks was
peculiarly the man of this generation. Many
years ago there was a sentiment which was placed
as a mo'tto at the head of our newspapers and
seen on our banners, and cairied in our public
processions; it was, " Liberty and Union: one
and inseparable, now and forever." Sir, that is a
proud motto—a noble sentiment; but I suppose
it is now to give place, or is being attempted to
be made to give place, to another—" Banks and
freedom, now and forever;" and all who will not
come up and say that that is their confession of
faith and their rule of practice, arc to be read out
of the greatarmy of the friends of freedom. Read
out! Who has conferred upon these gentlemen
pontifical robes and powers ? If you have these
em! dems of authority, learn that I am no Catholic,
and so i laugh at the bulls and the thunders of
the VaticanT [Laughter.]
Mr. STANTON. I wish to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from Indiana. He says that he
disclaims any responsibility to any portion of the
members of this House.
Mr. DUNN. For my vote I do.
Mr. STANTON. All right. All T ask is, that
he will discharge the anti-Nebraska men from any
responsibility for him.
Mr. DUNN* I have never asserted nor inti-
mated a wish to that effect. I think, when the
gentlemen discharge the responsibility which is
on their shoulders to those to whom they are an-
swerable, they may be satisfied. They may find
that they have enough labor on their hands, with
out standing as sentinels on my conduct. Iclaim
the privilege which I extend to others—that of be-
ing governed by the dictates of my own judgment
on the facts which are before me. That privilege
is not mine as an individual memberonly, but it is
that of the men who have sent me here to take care
of their interests; a privilege solemnly guarantied
for the highest uses; aud it shall not be drawn
from my hands, nor insulted in my person, by any
power on this floor. I am not here to give rea-
sons for votiag against Mr. Banks, and no one
here has a right to question mc on the subject.
They are sufficient to myself, and I shall hardly
fail to make them satisfactory to those who per-
haps may properly ask me to explain. I took
no part ill any vote, and positively refused to take
part in any votes; and I withdrew from this cau-
cus, as gentlemen call it, announcing at the time
that I should not bo held responsible for, or sub-
mit myself in any sense to, its determination. My
honor is untouched by that miserable dodge.
This is all I think it proper to say on this point,
and it is all I will say, until it shall suit my own
views of propriety to go further into the subject;
and when I do so choose, I shall be able to get
reliable facts enough for my purpose, without a
resort to the uncertain and failing memories of
gentlemen who are unable to state all that has oc-
curred in their presence, and where they have
themselves been actors, as well as witnesses.
I may take this occasion, however, to make an
inquiry of the gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Sher-
man,] as to a fact which has been reported. If
it is incorrect, lie cannot object that I give him an
opportunity to set it right; and that is, whether
he defeated his predecessor on this floor for the
seat that hi: now occupies, among others, for the
reason that he gave the very same vote on tiie
Kansas and Nebraska bill on account of which
1 make some objections to Mr. Banks? It may
be useful to the public to know just what has
been the views of gentlemen and of their constitu-
ents in legal d to that vote, before the zeal hero
to accomplish certain ends had sanctified all the
delinquencies of the past.
Mr. SHERMAN. When the gentleman is
through with Ms explanation, I will answer him
upon that point, as well as upon others, which
he has made.
Mr. MEACHAM. I rise again to a point of
order. The gentleman from Indiana is not pur-
suing the line of remark which he was permitted
by the House to pursue, pie is not making
charges against Mr. Banks, nor is he giving
reasons for not voting for Mr. Banks. He is not
doing what ho promised to do when he took the
floor.
Mr. DUNN. I take the liberty of saying to
the gentleman from Vermont, that I did not prom-
ise to give reasons for not voting for Mr. Banks,
nor utd I promise to make any charges against
Mr. Banks . I have expressly declared, again and
again, I would do neither now, nor until it shall
entirely suit niy own convenience and notions of
propnety as to time, place, and audience.
M r. MEACHAM. That w-as the only ground
on which the gentleman from Indiana was allowed
to proceed—the only ground.
The CLERK. 1 he Clerk understood the gen-
tleman from Vermont twice to yieid his objection
to the gentleman's proceeding; and the Clerk does
not conceive it to be his duty to limit the gentle-
man from Indiana to any particular course of
debate.
Mr. MEACHAM. The Clerk is perfectly
right to allow the gentleman to proceed in that
line of remark, and no other.
The CLERK. The Clerk understood the gen-
tleman from Indiana to disclaim all intention of
making any charges.
Mr. MEACHAM. He did so afterwards, but
he did it too late.
Mr. DUNN. I understood the gentleman to
propose a contract to me as to the privilege of
