234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GfX)BE.
[March 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with England—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
twenty-one years; but they fixed that period as
a probationary one, to allow the mind to be devel-
oped to a sense of the responsibility of the duties
and of the value of the rights which will devolve
upon him at a certain period of liis life. He thus
becomes—perhapsinsensibly—indoctrinated with
the great idea of our system; and day after day,
and year after year, there have been, so to speak,
accretions made to the early affection which he
feels for his native land, for its form of govern-
ment and its institutions. He goes through a
regular training to qualify him to form a compe- ■
tent judgment of public men and public measures. :
Well, a man comes here reared underwholly dif-
ferent influences—a man having no conception, J
even, of the frame-work of our Government—a
man who knows nothing of our division into j
States—a man who takes it for granted, reason- j
ing from the form of his own Government, that
our President is the great head and ruler of a cen-
tralized Government—one who knows nothing
of our geographical divisions—one who knows
nothing of the various checks and balances per-
taining to our system—one who knows nothing
of the constant interposition of popular instru- ,
mentalities between the people and the rulers—a
man who is just as apt, as anything else, to take
for granted that Philadelphia is the State and
Pennsylvania the city—and you tell me, sir, that
such a man will become as well qualified to judge
of his duties as a citizen, to fulfill a public trust,
to say who is best fitted to discharge this or that
public function, as my friend from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Botce,] who sits in front of me ! He
may think so, but I must beg leave to take issue
with him.
Is it just or politic that the inestimable priv-
ileges, to obtain which the native has served an
apprenticeship of twenty-one years, should be
bestowed upon foreigners—strangers to our laws,
and, for the most part, speaking another, and to
American ears an unknown tongue ; and they as
ignorant of our language as we of theirs ? Shall
these aliens, these children of other lands, receive
in the short term of five years that for which the
children of the soil must serve a probation of
more than four times that period ? Sir, we need
the inculcation of a stronger nationalism—a more
jealous watchfulness of our institutions and priv-
ileges: a strong nationality is natural, its culti-
vation politic. Under the Roman republic this
national sentiment, this jealousy of nationality,
bespoke itself in the various laws guarding Roman
privileges from the intrusive grasp of foreigners
and aliens. No alien, no stranger to the soil,
could hold one rood of that Roman mother earth.
No stranger enjoyed even the most partial privi-
lege, except through the solemn adoption of the
August Senate. • Rome was invincible in arms,
public virtue, wisdom, and policy, and produced
individual character which Christianity has scarce
surpassed, until she spread herself out over Eu-
rope, Asia, Africa, and "the islands of the sea,"
corrupting, diluting, and finally destroying her
nationality, and the boasted title of " citizen of
Rome " became a sneer and a reproach.
In Greece, nativity to the soil was in itself a
patent of nobility. To the mothers and daugh-
ters of Greece alone belonged the golden grass-
hopper, the significant symbol of autochthonous
descent. And in the suolime old theocracy, di-
vine in its grandeur of conception, its wisdom and
operation, how intense is the nationalism! Na-
tionality, the strongest instinct of the human
heart, was seized upon and used as the means of
publishing to the nations the great verity of the
universe, the power and unity of God.
But I cannot longer indulge in this train of
thought. The House may suppose that I have
spoken, perhaps, widely—that I have not ad-
dressed myself directly to the amendment before
the House; but I think that I have done so,
because, it seems to me, that this is just one of
those propositions which must be argued in gen-
eral terms. You must go back to the basis of
principles to test the question, whether it be right
or wrong. Well, it seems to me that the amend-
ment is called for. Sir, it has been said here,
that there has been almost an unanimous com-
mendation by this city of the bill as it lies upon
our table. This may be so, or it may not. I
care not what is the popular will here on this
thing. It is with me a matter of principle; and
if I am satisfied that this amendment is called for
as a matter of public policy, I say, here,-that I
shall work for it, although I were voting against
the desire of every man m this District.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
who first spoke on this floor in relation to this
matter, referred, in reply to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Carule,] to that clause or section
of the bill which requires a registration of ten days.
Now, sir, if he will turn his eye to the seventh
section, he will see that, under a strict construc-
tion of that seventh section, nearly the whole of
the precautions contained in the preceding sec-
tions are done away with. And although another
section declares that there shall be a registry of
names, and a list of those names shall be furnished
to the commissioners or inspectors of elections
before the day of election, yet in this seventh sec-
tion the bill goes on and declares that men shall
have the right to vote, altough their names are
not placed upon the list, if tney show a receipt
for tneir taxes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
will allow me to make an explanation just here.
I think, sir, that, if the gentleman from Alabama
will examine the seventh section, he will perceive
"that it requires that the register shall furnish this
list of registered voters to the commissioners be-
fore the day of election; but the failure of the
register to return that list shall not deprive any
one of the right to vote who exhibits a receipt for
all taxes for which he has been assessed. It is
merely giving him the right, not if he be not re-
gistered, but if there be a failure in the officer of
this corporation to return that registry, to vote.
1 That, I take it, will be found to be the only effect
of this seventh section.
Mr. WALKER. Admitting that to be so,
and what will be the most probable result of it?
Why this seventh section will necessarily operate
in high party times as an inducement to the
register to withhold the list, and on that account
it is objectionable.
A word'more, sir, and I will leave the subject.
I have spoken far longer than I dreamed of doing
when I first took the floor. It is simply for the
purpose—to avoid the necessity of troubling the
House again—of mentioning another objection to
this bill. In some of the sections there are pen-
alties imposed upon the commissioners or in-
spectors of elections for denying to an applicant
to exercise the right of suffrage that right, where
he possesses the enumerated qualifications. In
the third section there is to be found this singular
provision: If a man applies to the commissioner
or inspector of elections to deposit his vote in
the ballot-box at any given election, and the in-
spector refuses the application, he is liable to a
heavy penalty, however high a sense of duty, or
conviction of right, or determination to prevent
fraud, may have actuated him. Now, I take it
for granted that that provision is in the bill by
an oversight on the part of the committee. We
all know that, not only in all offenses known to
the common law, but in all offenses of a statutory
origin, the very gist of the offense consists in the
knowledge and the intent—the malo animo. Well
now, sir, in the third section we find this lan-
guage:
" Jf any commissioner of elections shall refuse to receive
the vote of any person possessing legal qualifications to
vote in such election, he shall be punished," &c.
Now, we can all very readily imagine that a
case may arise where a commissioner, from the
very highest imaginable motives, may feelhimself
constrained to refuse a man the right to vote when
he claims it. It may be that he may commit an
error in doing so, and deprive a man of an ascer-
tained legal right, and yet the act be unaccom-
panied by that intent, by that animus, which is
essential to the formation of every criminal act.
I trust that, when the House comes to consider
that section, they will amend it so far as to insert
the words "willfully and knowingly," and there-
by place the gentlemen who are to act as com-
missioners upon their true ground.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have said far more than
I designed. I should not have troubled the House
with any remarks on this occasion, if my pecu-
liar views had been represented by any gentleman
who has participated in this discussion.
OUR RELATIONS WITH ENGLAND.
SPEECH OF HON. A. G. BROWN,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the Senate, March 11, 1856.
The Senate having under consideration the three million
bill-
Mr. BROWN said:
Mr. President: As the Senate is probably
aware, it is not my purpose to address it especially
on the provisions of this bill. Heretofore I have
forborne to take any part in the debates which
have taken place in the Senate in reference to our
I difficulties with Great Britain. I have pursued
this course because, among other reasons, I
thought it best to wait until the whole corre-
spondence was before us, that I might have an
opportunity of examining it, and speaking intel-
ligently in reference to it, when I spoke at all.
I wish now to advert very briefly to the two
points of difference between this Government
and that of Great Britain: first, in reference to the
construction of the Clayton and Bulwer treaty;
and, secondly, and perhaps more at length, in
reference to the enlistment question.
In this whole controversy, from the beginning
down to the present time, I think our own Gov-
ernment has been right; but I have no war speech
to make in reference to the matters of difference.
I shall be most happy, as an American citizen,
and as a representative of one of the States of
this Union, if these difficulties can be adjusted
without a resort to arms. While I shall speak
plainly, and call things by their right names, I
mean to utter no expression designed to excite a
war spirit in the country.
I must confess, sir, that I have been unable to
understand how it is, or why it is, that so much
difficulty has been found in reaching a proper
conclusion as to what is the true construction of
the now somewhat celebrated treaty, commonly
called the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. It has seemed
to me from the beginning, as it does now, that
the language is susceptible of but one construc-
tion. I do not know how I shall proceed to de-
monstrate that which is already so clear that no
language can make it plainer. In the first article
it is stipulated, that "neither will ever erect or
maintain any fortifications commanding the same "
—that is, the canal—" or in the vicinity thereof,
or occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume, or
exercise ant dominion over Nicaragua, Costa
Rica, the Mosquito coast, or any part of Central
America."
When a party is obliged not to occupy, and not
to exercise any dominion over a particular coun-
try, the ordinary, plain, common sense of man
would conclude that he could not remain in that
country—that, being there, he must withdraw,
because if he remains in the country, he must ne-
cessarily occupy the country, and if he occupies
it, he must necessarily exercise authority over it.
I know, air, that before this treaty was ratified,
the British negotiator addressed a note to the
American Secretary of State, in which he said: •
" In proceeding to the exchange of the ratifications of the
convention signed at Washington on the 19th of April,
1850, between her Britannic Majesty and the United States
of America, relative to the establishment of a communica-
tion by ship canal between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans,
the undersigned, her Britannic Majesty's Plenipotentiary,
has received her Majesty's instructions to declare that her
Majesty does not understand the engagements of that con-
vention to apply to herMajesty's settlement at Honduras, or
to its dependencies. Her Majesty's ratification of the said
convention is exchanged under the explicit declaration
above mentioned."
It therefore appears that the only portion of the
country, even in the vicinity of Central America,
which, according to the declaration filed at the
time by the British negotiator, was not covered
by the treaty, was the British settlement at Hon-
duras. The American Secretary and negotiator
replied to that note as follows:
" The language of the first article of the convention con-
cluded on the 19th day of April last, between the United
States and Great Britain, describing the country not to be
occupied, fcc., by either of the parties, was, as you know,
twice approved by your Government, and It was neither
understood by them, nor by either of us, [the negotiators,]
to include the British settlement in Honduras, (commonly
called British Honduras, as ititinet from the State of Hon-
duras.")
