1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
far are its acts revisable by Congress? Toanswer
this question properly, we must look to the ob-
jects had m passing this act, to the history of the
act, its terms and provisions, and,above all, to the
constitutional theory of our Government. Of the
first, I have already spoken. I come now to the
act itself.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Jones,]
not now in his seat, who has insisted that these
reports should be referred to tlie Committee of
Claims, and those who think with him, have
contended that the proceedings of this court are
merely advisory or recommendatory; that the func-
tions performed by it are simply those of a com-
mittee, and partake not of the authority or dignity
of a court. I join issue with him as to this. The
history of the act in the Senate, in which body
the bill originated, is impoitant in the settlement
of this issue. When the bill was first introduced
into the Senate, it provided for what was called a
board of commissioners, with limited powers, con-
fined to mere inquiry and investigation, to record
and report the facts ascertained by them to the
two Houses. This was objected to, and it was
urged that, instead of passing the bill in its then
frame and title, they should change it so as to
establish a court, to consist of three judges, to be
appointed by the Executive, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, to hold their office
during good behavior. These counsels prevailed.
The bill, as thus shaped, passed the Senate. It
came into this House. There was no debate here.
It was referred, as it came from the Senate, to one
of the committees, and reported back to the House
and received its sanction.
Now, sir, when we consider the importance of
this act; its bringing into existence a new and an
expensive tribunal; investing additional patronage j'j
in the hands of the Executive; and, from the very j
nature of things, destined to have a great effect ,
on the action of Congress in regard to claims; the
fact that in so large a body as this, composed of j
gentlemen representing so many various and con- j
ilicting interests and sections, entertaining, oil all
questions of either general or personal policy, |
such antagonistic opinions,—the fact that it
support the Constitution of the United States, and discharge
faithfully the duties of his office."
Now, let us critically examine this section.
In the first place it establishes a court, to be called
a" Court of Claims." The word court, as we all
know, signifies a tribunal, vested with purely
judicial powers; power to hear and adjudge mat-
ters in controversy; power not to make the law for
any given casp, but to declare what the law is.
Secondly; The court is " to consist of three
judges, to be appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, and
to hold their offices during good behavior."
I have already said that this is a constitutional
court, and a part of our Federal judiciary; and
the manner of the appointment of these judges,
and their tenure of office, show this. The Con-
stitution provides for a judiciary system; requires
Congress to ordain and establish inferior courts,
and declares that judges shall be appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, and shall hold their ollices
during good behavior.
In the Supreme Court, and such inferior courts
as Congress shall establish, vests the whole judi-
cial power.
The mode of appointment gives, as was de-
signed by the Constitution, character and dignity
to the court, and the tenure of office being" during
good behavior," secures to it that independence
which the founders of our system deemed as all-
essential to a pure and impartial administration
of justice.
Thirdly; The section under review declares
that—
" Saul court shall hear and determine all claims founded
upon any law oi Congiesa, or upon any regulation of an
<' \c. uuv*' depurtmynt, oi upon any contract, express or im-
plied, with tlie Government of liic United States, which
may be suggested to it by a petition filed therein ; and also
all claims which maybe leleried to said court by cither
House of Congtess."
Could language be employed that would more
unmistakably confer the judicial character? "IJear
,1 oil Moimc: " "T-ToMr" t.hp.m how?
and determine all claims." "Hear" them how?
Why as cases between the claimant and the Gov-
ernment, made out and presented according to the
passed this"House as it came from the Senate, un- || forms of law, the pleadings shaped m pursuance
changed and without discussion, is the strongest | f,,n i>v tpst.mnnv
evidence of the general conviction of the necessity I
of building up a new tribunal, thereby relieving |
Congress of a large portion of its Ubois, and j
insuring a just and expeditious settlement of
these claims. 1
I have carefully and thoughtfully examined this 1
act, and 1 can reach no other conclusion than that j
the tribunal brought into existence by it is, to all j
intents and purposes, a court, having the attributes j
and characteristics of judicial power, its creation j
authorized by the Constitution, in pursuance of ,
its provisions, and that it must now be regarded j
as a part of our Federal judiciary. Tested by the j
ordinary rules for the interpretation of statutes, we !
will find that the act establishes a court according j
to the legal meaning of the term. In the first I
place, there is the title of the act. Though we
may not consider the title of an act, strictly speak-
ing, as a part of the act, yet we can look to the
title in determining the nature and character o£ the
act itself. The title is "to establish a court _ for
the investigation of claims against the United
States,''—not an outside committee or board, with
no judicial power—not a creature auxiliary to
Congress—but a court, a. constitvtional court, and,
therefore, by virtue of its organization, independ-
ent of Congress. As we proceed, this will become
manifest.
The first section of the act is as follows:
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
a court shall be established, to be called a Comt ot Claims,
to consist of tluce judges, 10 be appointed by the Pie&ident,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, and to
hold their offices during good behavior; and the said court
shall hear and determine ail claims founded upon any law
of Oon<n"e.-*g>, or upon any regulation of an executive de-
partment, or upon any contract, express or implied, with
the Co\ eminent of the United States, which may be sug-
:<ted to it by a petition Hied therein; and also all claims
which mav be relorred to  aid court by either House ol Con •
eress. It sliall be tne duty of the claimant m all cases to
wt forth a full statement of the claim, and of the action
theieon Ul Congress, or by any of tile Departments, it such
action ha« been lied; specifying also what person or per-
sons aie ovvneis thereof or mteicsted tiiercin, and when [
anil upon what consideration such person or persons became
s " mttrested Each ot the judges shall ,<•<•<>,ve a com-
pensation of .<} 1,000 pei annum, payable quarterly, f"1'"11"
Treasury of the United State", and shall take an oath to
of legal rules, the facts disclosed by testimony
taken under prescribed regulations, and the argu-
ments of counsel upon those facts, and ascertained
legal principles applicable to them.
To '' determine ail claims." What is the mean-
ing of this word " determine.'' Why, to decide,
to settle, to adjudge, between the parties litigant,
and to pronounce in whose favor the law is.
If it was the intention of Congress to establish
merely an outside agency, an auxdiary committee to
take "testimony where chums were presented
against the Government, and report the lacts thus
obtained to the two Houses, would, such terms
have been employed ?
If it was designed to make these judges mere
agents, having no judicial power, how happens it
that these officers are called judges, appointed in
the same manner, and for the same tenuie as the
circuit judges, required to take the same oath to
support the Constitution of the United States, and
discharge faithfully the duties of their office, and
authorized to " hear and determine all claims ?"
I might, sir, stop here and rest upon this sec-
tion asBfully sustaining the position I have taken.
It is the creating, enabling section—the one that
confers the power and determines the character of
the tribunal. But I am not forced to look to this
section alone to make out mv ease. There is
nothing in the succeeding sections to weaken what
I have said. On the contrary, there is much to
strengthen it. The whole act shows that Con-
gress intended that tlie forms and ceremonies, the
dignity and solemnity, the power and authority
of"a court, should pertain to this new tribunal.
Let us see. The second section provides for
the appointment of a "Solicitor for the United
States to represent the Government before said
court." It makes it his "duty to prepare all
cases on the part of the Government for hearing
before said court, and to argue the same when
prepared; to cause testimon/to be taken when
accessary to secure the interest of the united
States; to prepare forms, file interrogatories, and
superintend the taking of testimony in the manner j
prescribed by said court; and generally to render }
such services as may be required of him from j
time to time in the discharge of the duties of his '
office." He is also to "be sworn to faithfully
discharge the duties of his office,"&c.
How careful are these provisions of the rights
and interests of the Government! Appointing
counsel to prepare and argue the cases for the
Government, prescribing his duties and powers.
But mark the phraseology of the section. The
word court is always used, and evidently in its
proper legal significance. The matters to be
heard are to be prepared and argued as eases, pre-
cisely as in any other court of record.
But let us pass oji to section third. It de-
clares:
"That the said court shall have authority to establish
rules and reguiauons tor its government; to appoint com-
missioners to tako testimony to be used in the investigation
of claims that may come before it; to prescribe the fees
they shall receive "tor their services, and to issue commis-
sions for the taking of such testimony, whether the same
shall be taken at the instance of the claimant orofthe United
States ; .and also to issue suhpenas to require the attend-
ance of witnesses m oider to be examined before such
commissionets, which subpenas shall have the same fore©
as if issued from a district court of the United States, and
compliance therewith shah he compelled under Rich rule
and oiders as the court hereby cieated shall establish."
Couple this section with the first, and I ask if
they do not confer full and ample judicial power ?
Does the language warrant the idea that the tri-
bunal thus established was to be merely advisory?
Apply to it the invariable rule of construction in
interpreting statutes, viz: that the words used
shall have their natural effect, that " the legisla-
tive intention is to be ascertained from the lan-
guage of the statute,"and that " it is not to be
supposed that they have used words without in-
tending to convey any idea, "and we cannot doubt
that the legislative will was, to make this a court,
with all the attributes and dignities belonging to
a judicial tribunal.
i But, sir, those who deny judicial power to this
■court, and contend that its functions are only
s those of a committee, and that its decisions are
! revisable by Congress, point us to the fourth
and seventh sections of this act. Let us turn to
them, and inquire if they admit of such construc-
tion.
The fourth declares:
" That, iji all cases where it shall appear to the court
that the iaets art loith in the petition of the claimant do
not furnish any ground for relief, it shall not be the duty of
the com t to authorize the taking of any testimony in the
case until tiie same ohail have been reported by them to
Confess, as i.s hereinafter provided: Provided, however,
That, if Congress shall, in such case, fail to confiun the
opinion of said board, they shall proceed to take the testi-
mony in such case.'1
The seventh section is as follows:
" That said coui t shall keep a recoi d of their proceedings,
and '-hail, at the commencement of each se^ion of Congress*,
and at the commencement of each month dining the session
of 0on« roi-s, report to Congress the cases upon which they
shall havp finally acted, stating m each the material facts
which they find established by the evidence, with their
opinion in the case, and the reasons upon which such opin-
ion is founded. Any judge who may dissent irom the opin-
ion of the majority shall append his reasons tor such dissent
to the ronort; and such report, together with the btiefs of
the solicitor and of the claimant, which shall accompany the
report, upo.i being made to cither House of Congress, shall
1 be punted m the *aine manner as oih^r pubbc documents,
i ^nd "aid court shall prepare a bill or bills in those cases
I which shall have leceived the favorable decision thereof,
in <ueli loi m as, it enai ted, will can y the same into effect.
! Ami two or mnir cases may be embraced in the same bill,
1 whrn* the separate amount proposed to be allowed in each
! case shail be less than one thousand dollars. And the said
I couit shall transmit, with said reports, the testimony m
< ca^li ea-e, whethei the same shall reccive the favorable or
[ adverse action ot &aid court."'
[ Now, sir, it is upon these two sections that those
' who insist upon a reference to the Committee on
; Claims have rested. Instead of troubling the
i House with much of my own criticism on these
I two sections, 1 beg to call its attention to the
| comments of a gentleman whose attainments, as
; a lawyer, are of the widest reach —one who had
! long stood in the front rank of his profession—
j who for years honored the supreme bench of his
I own State, and whose decisions, when on that
' bench, not only indicated laborious research,
S largeness of knowledge, and fullness of mind,
! but were oftentimes marked by singular clearness
! and force of expression and style. I mean the
! Hon. George Robertson, of Kentucky, formerly
j Chief Justice of that State. I hold m my hand
| a brief of his submitted some time since to tne
■ Court of Claims, in a case in -which he was coun-
sel. In commenting on the fourth and serentn
sections of this act, he uses the following lan-
guage, which I adopt as my own:
