1856,
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
proceeding, and I refused promptly and decidedly
to accept.
Mr. MEACHAM. No contract at all. I have
never addressed the gentleman, and I never mean
to. [Laughter.]
Mr. DUNN. There is nothing that could
afford me greater pleasure than to know that I
shall never be annoyed by the approaches of that
member; I shall be obliged to him if he will never
recall that pledge. Its observance may contribute
to our mutual comfort. I ask pardon of the House
for having made such remarks, for I grant they
ore unbecoming in this presence; but I thought
them only just in response to the extraordinary
and gratuitous remark which fell from the mem-
ber from Vei-mont. I have said, all along, that I
desired to see this House organized.
Mr. SIMMONS, (sotto voce.) Who believes
it?
Mr. DUNN. The gentleman asks who be-
lieves it. Sir, 1 ask the venerable gentleman
from New York if that is a becoming question
to be asked by a Representative of a Representa-
tive on this floor?
Mr. SIMMONS said something which was not
heard by the reporters.
Mr. DUNN. Then, sir, X toll the gentleman
that there is nothing in the present aspect of
affairs here, and nothing whatever has occurred
that justifies it; but his ripe, and I would like to
say, honored years, are a protection against any
unkmd remark from me, no matter how gross a
provocation he might offer. I have said all along
that I would not vote for Mr. Banks after the
occurrences of the night—and then I gave gentle-
men distinct notice of the fact, and my reasons
why—which followed the withdrawal of Mr.
Campbell, except in one contingency, to wit:
a fair caucus Aiominatlon. That was alluded to
publicly, and again and again. Every effort was-
made to distort my language, and to make it mean
something which it was not capable of meaning,
and to give it a construction wholly at variance
with what I intended. But have gentlemen ever
acted upon it? I have spoken of a general cau-
cus, and had such a caucus been held, I should
all along have held myself bound to an acqui-
escence in its decision. But here, for five weeks,
no such meeting has taken place, and I now toke
up my pledge. It shall not lie at the feet of those
who insult me forever. I tell them now that I
will submit to no caucus hereafter that shall
tender me the name of M r. Banks for the speaker-
ship. There is no difficulty about any other re-
spectable gentleman, reliably anti-Nebraska. I
propose to make no selection.
Sir, I do not intend now to go further in ex-
culpation of my course, or m explanation of what
I moan; but you cannot control me, gentlemen,
by resorting to an arbitrary and tyrannical power.
There is nothing m my nature that would submit
to it. I will rebel against all laws and all men
and all things temporal, rather than surrender
my own conscientious obligations to myself, to
my country, and to my God. Ye are not my
masters; I recognize but one Master, to whom
unconditional submission is'due—I fear he is not
of us. I thank the House for its indulgence.
Mr. CUMBACK obtained the floor.
Mr. DUNN. I promised to renew the demand
for the previous question, but my colleague has .
the floor, and can dispose of the matter as he sees
fit.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman from
Indiana will allow me a little time"before he calls
the previous question.
Mr. CUMBACK. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of insisting upon the previous question,
but to withdraw the resolution which 1" offered.
[Cries of "Call the roll."]
Mr. SHERMAN. _ I renew that resolution for
the purpose of enabling me to make a few re-
marks. Mr. Clerk, when I rose this morning
and stated that, in my judgment, the responsi-
bility for the want of an organization of this
House rested upon those gentlemen who have
been voting for Mr. Pennington, I did not antici-
pate that that remark would lead to a general dis-
cussion by gentlemen upon all sides of the House.
Sir, remarks had been made with regard to where
that responsibility rested. The Administration
party here had charged it upon the anti-Nebraska
men; those who have been voting for Mr. Fuller
had charged it upon both sides of the House; and
my own side of the House was divided. I ex-
pressed the opinion—and I now entertain that
opinion still more strongly—that those few gen-
tlemen who have voted for Mr. Pennington for
some days past were responsible for the non-
organization of this House. I did not impugn
their motives. I did not attempt to read them
out of this party or that party. I only alleged
the public fact, that those gentlemen—any three
of whom might, for a whole week, have organized
this house—were responsible for the non-organ-
ization of this House.
And now, Mr. Clerk, let me examine the
reasons which have been given by the members
of the body for the course they have pursued. I
appeal to every member of this House whether,
with the grave fact before us that this House has
remained disorganized for six weeks, these rea-
sons arc not ridiculous? What arc they? One
was, that the friends of Mr. Banks desire that his
claims should be adhered to. What of it? The
friends of one candidate might not think proper
to urge his claims at a particular time, and at
another time to urge them. There is no trick
about it at all.
Another reason has been urged,—more plaus-
ible perhaps, and that is, that Mr. Banks and
his friends were opposed to a caucus. Now, I
say, as one of the original friends of my honor-
able colleague from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] so
far as my knowledge extends, he, as one of the
candidates, was in favor of a caucus.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) When T
came to Washington, at the commencement of
this session, I conSned myself for several days
to the hotel. I was called upon by various mem-
bers who were opposed to the Nebraska bill.
Some of them, who had been members of the
Democratic party, said to mo, that they would
prefer to vote for a candidate for Speaker who
had not a caucus nomination; that a caucus nom-
ination would be a weight upon them at home.
My friends from the northwest who called upon
me assured mo, if we went into a caucus, 1
should probably rcceive the nomination upon the
first ballot. I said to them I desired that no
course should be pursued, beneficial to myself,
which would tend to prejudice any anti-Nohras-
ka member before his constituents. I desired
them to take a course by which to ascertain who
was the strongest man, and, if they found it ne-
cessary to resort to a caucus in order to ascertain
that, I was content to leave the matter entirely
with them. I made no serious opposition to a
caucus, further than simply to say there were
those who said they would prefer to cast their
votes for an anti-Nebtaska Speaker without the
formality of a caucus nomination. I said further,
that all 1 desired for myself was, that it should
be ascertained in some fair and honest way who
could command, at the outset, the greatest vote
upon this question, i< t me know the result, and
that that man should rcceive my support so long
asjihe eontcst should last. That'is what I said. If
my colleague knows of my having said anything
to the contrary, he is at liberty to make the cor-
x'ection.
I may as well say now, that I was disposed to
regard a preliminary vote m the House prefer-
able, and just as goo$ a means of ascertaining
the strongest man as a caucus could be, with
barred doors. I uniformly declared that we
should ascertain who had the most strength, and
then rally upon lum, and all I desired of my j
friends was, U they should come to the conclusion i
that I was the man, oner a fair test, they should
stand by me. This was all thai i asked of any ;
one. For the twenty-three first votes the great- 1
est strength was thrown upon me; yet the votes i
given for other anti-Nebreska candidates would I
not concentrate upon my name for reasons then !
unknown to me, but which i now fully under-1
stand. On the night of the fourth day some of
my friends came to me, and advised me that 1
ought to withdraw from the contest. Against
my own judgment I yielded. My colleague [Mr.
Sjilrman] was one of them. I discovered 1 was
a*bout to be abandoned by some of those who had
professed friendship on the next day, notwith- j
standing that I had requested only at the outset ;
that I should not be voted for at all, unless I was i
to be sustained so long as I was in the lead of j
candidates on one side. I therefore determined j
to withdraw, and did withdraw from the canvass. I
Mr. SHERMAN. The remarks of my col-
league, then, have sustained the assertion I made,
that he, and indeed all the northern members of
this body? whose opinions decided the course of
the anti-Nebraska members of this House, ad-
vised against a caucus.
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) I wish to
have it distinctly understood that any remarks
I may have made in opposition to a caucus were
not predictated upon any personal desire, but upon,
the idea that perhaps a caucus might prove injuri-
ous to the interests at homo of soine of those who
came here expecting to vote for an anti-Nebraska
candidate.
Mr. SHERMAN. My colleague has stated
the reasons why he thought it unadvisable to have
a caucus. I say now, that, during this whole con-
troversy, I have not heard a word uttered by him
but what was for the good of the cause, and pro-
motive of our cause among his friends. Never-
theless, the fact stands out, that all the candi-
dates who were spoken of for the speakership
of this House upon the anti-Nebraska side were,
for reasons satisfactory to themselves, opposed
to a caucus. 1 say, however, that, in a prelimi-
nary caucus, my friend before me, one of the
leaders of the Democratic party, was decidedly
in favor of a caucus.
I allude to this merely for the purpose of dis-
posing of one of the reasons mentioned by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] that the
anti-Nebraska men were not responsible, by
showing that they all opposed a caucus. The
gentleman from Massachusetts, on the first ballot,
voted for the gentleman from New York, and 1
supposed they both stood upon the same pint-
form . 1 supposed that they were both anti-Ne-
braska Democrats. But my friend from New
York, [Mr. Wheeler,] it seems, stands solitary
and alone on a national Democratic platform of
his own making; but when we came here, at the
beginning of the session, I certainly recognized
my friend from New^orkas an anti-Nebraska
candidate, occupying precisely the same position
as the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.Banks]
docs. I would have \ oted for him [Mr. Wi'eelsr]
with the same readiness with which 1 voted for
the gentleman from Massachusetts; therefore
the gentleman from Massachusetts would not be
held responsible for voting for a man who appa-
rently^! least, agreed with him on all sentiments
in reference to ami-Ncbraskaism.
Now I appeal to the House whether there were
not reasons enough, before the deviation from
the course which the gentleman from JNew York
had puisued, before there had been six weeks ex-
pended in attempting to onrani^e: before there was
such a necessity for providing for the appropria-
tion bills, and of attending to the ordinary busi-
ness of the House, to justify the gentloman from
Massachusetts in the course he had taken5 J do
not call the gentleman from New York to accoun t;
I do not propose to read him out of the party.
I have only a rjght to justify and give a reason
for the act of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and I have a right to speak of that act fairly and
frankly. I do not read him out of the party, but
I say this, that with all the reasons that have been
given, and with all the facts that are before the
House, the people of this counrry, North, youth,
East and West, will hold these anti-Nebraska
men who have refused to vote with us, when one
hundred and seven members had concentrated
upon one man, and when three of thorn would
have elected Mr. Banks. Speaker of this House—
I say public opinion throughout the country will
hold these gentlemen responsible for ih . delay in
the organization of this tJouso.
Air. DUNN, vv ill the gentleman from Ohio
permit me to interrupt him?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
_ Mr. DUNN. The gentleman from Ohio is
simply showing that some gentlemen here have
not been occupying precis* ly die saeie ground on
the record as they have occupied betore the coun-
try, and that that was one part of my reasons for
abandoning the gentleman from Massachusetts. I
would let gentlemen know thet, whatever my rea-
sons were, they are not a matter which concerns
this House, or which the H^n^e has a right to
inquire into. I am answerable for them else-
where, and I will submit to no lectures here on
the subject. Such was the whole tenor of my
remarks on that point.
