972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
£
.V The provision of the fourth section, reserving to Con-
gress tilt' power to reverse a judgment against a petitioner,
was made for the purpose of securing to the citizens the
constitutional guarantee of the right to petition Congress
lor relief. But there is no reservation of any such power of
revei sal of a judgment in favor of the petitioner; and the
express reservation m the one class of cases, and the non-
teservatiori of it in the other, clearly imply that it was not
ihjended to existin the latter class, and especially as there
was a consistent reason for it in the first and none m the
last. Without reversing a judgment against a claimant.
Congress would have constitutional power, 011 petition, to
grant relief notwithstanding the judgment; and this, there-
lore, would be a virtual rcvcr&al. But it \Vould have no
power to divest a citizen of a right vested in him by the
judgment of a court having cogmzancc of his case. And,
even if such power existed, it would be inconsistent with
the policy and object of the statute to exercise it. The pro-
vision in the seventh section, requiring the court to report
tb Congress its judgments, the tacts, &c., does not show
that, if Congress could constitutionally overrule a judgment
of a court of the United States m favor of a citizen, that
power was intended to be leserved m that class of cases;
and especially as the act is silent as to that, while it ex-
fnessly reserves the power in the opposite class of cases,
ti which alone there was any consistent or constitutional
reason for it. But that provision m the seventh section may
be presumed to be intended for preserving, among the ar-
chives of the impeaching and abolishing department of the
Government, record evidence of the punty, impartiality,
fidelity, ability, and usefulness of the new and experimont-
al_court; and also to have the most authentic evidence of
the judgment and its amount, and of the facts and argu-
ments to show that the court had jurisdiction, and that its
judgment is therefore binding. And this is the only con-
sistent interpretation of that provision, unless Congi ess sup-
posed that it, on an inspection of the recoid, it should con-
eider the judgment unjust, it might withhold any appreci-
ation for satisfying it. But if it could rightfully withhold
payment that would not imply that it could control, or in-
tended to control, the judgment itself, 01 the court in render-
ing it; all such picteiiMon would not only be inconsistent
with the plam objects of the statute, but unconstitutional."
Here we have a clcar exposition of these two
sections; but those who insist upon the mere
agency character of this court refer us to that por-
tion of the seventh section requiring the court to
report the cases, with their opinions and the rea-
sons upon which such opinions are founded. In
my juagment this requirement does not properly
admit of such a construction. Congress might
call upon the circuit courts, and perhaps the Su-
preme Court, to report their opinions and the rea-
sons upon which they are founded, and yet such
demand would in nowise affect the judicial char-
acter of those tribunals.
Mr. I30YCE. Do I understand the gentleman
to take the position that the decisions of this
court are conclusive on the House ?
Mr. WALKER. I shall come to that directly.
Mr. BOYCE. Although the record may show
on its facc that the decision of the court is wrong,
does he think we are bound to make the appro-
priation ?
Mr. WALKER. That point I have not yet
reached in my argument.
But the gentleman from Pennsylvania says that
this court does not render judgments, but only
pronounces opinions; and he endeavored to draw
a distinction between the two. Now, what are
the opinions of a court but its judgments ? That
this is the meaning of the act creating this court
is shown by its using the terms, opinions, and
reasons, for those opinions as contradistinguished.
Here I ask the attention of the House to the
construction put upon the seventh section by the
Court of Claims. I read from the opinion of Judge
Gilchrist, in the case of Samuel Todd vs. The
United States, and contained in the Union of 21st
December last:
11 If the application of principles of law, considering the
law as our luleof conduct, be necessity m the caseh be-
longing to the clashes specified m the act, it is equally so m
legatd to the claims icleired to the court by either House
ot Congress. It seems sometimes to have been supposed
that the language of the act on this point was comprehen-
sive enough to authorize the court to recommend Congie&s
to do anything it may be in their power to do—in fact, to
pass any law that would not be a violation of the Constitu-
tion. But, our duties are not advisory. The language of
the act does not authorize us to regard this tribunal as r as-
sessing any other qualities than those which properly be-
long to a court. A committee may recommend, but a court
can only adjudge, and that whether its jurisdiction be final
or not. It cannot adjudge without founding its judgments
upon the law, and, where it can find no law, it can "render
no judgment. It may, perhaps, bp caul that, as our judg-
ments are not final, and as we inustieportto Congress our
decisions can be regarded only as reeominendatoiyin their
nature. But the seventh section of the act provides, that the
court 'shall report to Congress the cases upon which they
shall have finally acted, stating in each the material facts
winch they find established by the evidence, with their opin-
ion in the case, and the reasons upon which such opinion is
founded.' Under this provision an 'opinion in the ease 5
can mean only an opinion as to the lights of the parties upon
the facta proved or admitted m the case. We do not think
that Congress, by establishing this court, intended to con-
stitute a council to advise them what course it would be
honest and right, or expedient, for them to pursue in any
given case. They meant, as the title of the act denotes,' to
establish a court for the investigation of claims,' to ascertain
the facts m each case, and the legal rights and liabilities
arising from those facts. It is only by acting upon some
settled plan, and according to some fixed principles, that the
duties of the court can be performed with any prospect of
administering substantial justice. The obvious duty of the
court is to expound the law as they find it established,
and apply it to the cases before them, and not to create it."
Thus far, Mr. Speaker, I have rested my argu-
ment mainly on the act, of itself, when subjected to
the test of ordinary rules of interpretation. But,
sir, I come now to that which, it seems to me,
must at once settle this whole controversy. That
this is a j udicial tribunal, having all the powers and
tributes of a court, cannclpbe questioned. When
we look t.o the constitutional theory of our Gov-
ernment, we find that it is divided into three great
departments—the legislative, the executive, and
the judicial—that to each is allotted certain func-
tions and powers separate and distinct from the
other; that the one cannot trcnch upon the powers
of the others without jarring the system, and
running counter to the ^reat organic law; that the
confinement of each within its proper sphere is
essential to that harmonious action upon which
depends the safety and integrity of the common-
wealth, and the rights and interest of the citizens.
The Constitution declares that ts the judicial
power shall be vested in one Supreme Court
and such inferior courts as Congress shall ordain
and establish." That instrument not only em-
powers, but requires Congress to ordain and
establish these inferior courts. The language is
mandatory and imperative, that Congress shall
ordain and establish inferior courts. Well, sir,
in passing the act creating the Court of Claims,
you but carried out this constitutional require-
ment. You " ordained and established " an "in-
ferior court" under the Constitution. You made
it a part of our judiciary system, and, as such,
claiming and deriving judicial power from the
Constitution. Its decisions cannot be revised or
reversed by the legislative power. You cannot
impose upon it any other duties than those of a
judicial character. The attempt to make it a
mere advisory council has no sanction under the
Constitution.
Mr. FAULKNER. I understand the gentle-
man from Alabama to maintain that, under the
construction of that law of Congress, the opinion
of the court is conclusive here, if it is in favor of
the petitioner, and against the Government. Has
he adverted to the provision which declares that
its opinion is not conclusive against the peti-
tioner until confirmed by the action of Congress r
Mr. WALKER. If the gentleman had lis-
tened to the arguments of Judge Robertson which
I read to the House, and which I adopt as a part
of my argument, he would have perceived that
the position taken was that the decision of the
court against the claimant cannot be conclusive
upon the legislative power, for the reason that
the citizen has the constitutional right to petition
the Government—a right that cannot be taken
from him.
I have said that this attempt to make this court
a mere advisory council is, in my opinion, with-
out warrant in the Constitution. And this ques-
tion, fortunately for us, was settled long ago—
settled when the objects in forming the Constitu-
tion were fresh in men's minds—when its founders
wero living to interpret it, when there was a more
zealous watchfulness of the encroachments of one
department upon the rights and powers of the
others, and when the value of the judiciary, as
the great breakwater against the encroachments
both of the executive and legislative departments
was known and felt. I refer to the ruling of
the judges of the United States courts upon the
pension law of 1791. That act provided, that
the persons desiring to be placed upon the pension
roll should presentthe proof of their claims before
the circuit judges for examination, and that the
judges should "transmit the result of their in-
quiry" in each case to the Secretary of War,
whose decision should be final. Well, sir, these
judges were calle(T upon to give their interpreta-
tion upon this act of 1791, and what did they
say? I read from the opinion of Jay, Chief
Justice; Cushing, justice; and Duane, district
judge of New York. They held:
'•That, by the Constitution, the government thereof is
divided into three distinct and independent branches; and
that it is the duty of each to abstain from and to oppose
encroachments on either.
"That neither the legislative hor the executive branch
can constitutionally assign to the judicial any duties but
such a<= are properly judicial, and to be performed m a judi>
cial power.
44 That the duties assigned to the circuit courts by this act
arc not of that description, and that the act itself does not
appear to contemplate them as such, inasmuch as it sub-
jects the decisions of these courts, made pursuant to those
duties, fust to the consideration and suspension of the Sec-
retary at War, and then to the revision of the Legislature ;
whereas, by the Constitution, neither the Secretary at War,
nor any other executive officer, nor even the Legislature,
are authorized to sit as a court of errors on the judicial acta
or opinions of this court."
The Federal judges for North Carolina and
Pennsylvania delivered similar opinions.
Having, as I think, shown, from arguments
drawn from a critical examination of the statute
itself, and flowing necessarily from the known
theory of our Government, that this tribunal is a
court, it follows, as a necessary consequence, that
its decisions are judicial, and, therefore, binding.
If they are judicial, why, sir, as an inevitable
consequence they are beyond the revision or re-
versal of this House. Of course I speak in ref-
erence to cases on which this court have favor-
ably acted. But, say our opponents, admit your
whole argument, admit that Congress cannot
directly revise or reverse these decisions, yet Con-
gress has the power to render their judgments
ineffective by withholding the appropriations ne-
cessary to their satisfaction. It seems to me that
the argument is an unsound one—that nothing in
the act justifies this construction. It is true that
Congress has a discretionary power to grant or
■withhold appropriations where the matter call-
ing for it is purely and entirely of a legislative
character; but in the case of judgments it has no
such discretion; for the simple reason, Mr.
Speaker, that the judgments are, to all intents and
purposes, subsisting, ascertained debts against the
Government, and constitutional duty and good
faith require Congress to make the appropriations
necessary to pay those debts. This point was
settled—and perhaps I ought to have called the.
attention of the committee to the matter at an
earlier stage of the argument—in the case of Ken-
dall vs. the United States, 12Peters, 524 and 611.
The case found its way to the Supreme Court in
this wise: Congress had passed an act for the
relief of Stockton and Stokes, mail contractors.
By the terms of the act it was made the duty of
the Solicitor of the Treasury to inquire into and
determine the case, and to make his report to the
Postmaster General. The Solicitor performed
his duty. He ascertained the debt due by the
Government to these contractors, made his report
to the proper department, and a credit was al-
lowed for a part of the ascertained debt, and credit
was withheld for the remainder. The case finally
went up to the Supreme Court. It will be per-
ceived by my statement that the Solicitor of the
Treasury was placed in the attitude of an arbi-
trator, called onto inquire into and determine on
the matter in controversy between the Govern-
ment and these contractors. The Court in its
decision used the following language:
k'It is unnecessary to say how farCongiess might, have
interfiled, by legislation, after the report of the solicitor;
but. if there was no fraud or misconduct in the arbitrator,
of which none is pretended or suggested, it may well be
questioned whether the relators had not acquired such a
vested right as to be beyond the power of Congress to de-
prive them of it."
If this is good law, coming down to us from the
Supreme Court, when it had at its head one who
stands alone in the judicial annals of our country,
I ask with how much more force this language
applies to the decisions and judgments of a court
erected under the Constitution itself?
A word or two more, and I will leave the sub-
ject. These words will be in reference to what
may be termed the expediency or propriety of
referring this matter to the Committee of Claims.
At this moment I cannot recollect the name of a
single member of that committee, and, therefore,
what I say can carry with it no imputation.
When we contrast that or any other committee of
this House with this tribunal, I confess I must
not only have all my constitutional objections re-
moved, and the arguments that I have based on
the statute refuted, but 1 must be satisfied that
this tribunal is not so worthy of confidence and
respect as a committee of this House before I can
vote for the motion to that effect. A committee
changes necessarily at each session of Congress,
