I85&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
wrong to the rights of the South, if I were longer
to withhold my vote from the gentleman from
Illinois. I vote for Mr. Richardson.
I desire also to state, on the request of my col-
league, [Mr. Keitt,] who has paired off for the
day, and is not present, that if my colleague [Mr.
Boyce] and myself pursued the course which we
have done, he also would act with us, had he
been present and at liberty to vote.
Mr. PECK. My attention has been called to
the record of the debate of yesterday, on laying
on the table the resolution of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Washburn] for the adoption of
the plurality rule. My vote is recorded against
laying on the table. I find, however, in the de-
bate preliminary to that motion, that the motion
to lay on the table was to be considered a test
question, under which circumstances I find that
my vote against the motion would be considered
as indicative of my intention to vote for the reso-
lution. I desire simply to say, that, had I been
present when the preliminary debate occurred, I
should have voted .to lay on the table. My vote
was given simply with the desire to meet the
main question directly. If I could have had the
opportunity of voting thus directly, I should have
voted against the resolution on its passage. I
vote for Mr. Richardson.
Mr. FLORENCE (when his name was called)
stated that his colleague, Mr. Tyson, had paired
oft" with his other colleague, Mr. Barclay.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, (when his name
was called,) said: I desire to state that, after the
occurrences of to-day, in my judgment, the anti-
Nebraska members of the House should hold a
consultation as to their future course of action. I,
however, do not feel authorized to call any such
meeting of my own motion, and for the present
I shall therefore vote for Mr. Banics.
The result of the vote was then announced as
above stated.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and thereupon (at
four o'clock) the House adjourned until to-mor-
row, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 17, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Monday last was read and ap-
proved.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That when His Senate adjourns to-day, it ad-
journ to inci'l 011 Monday next.
COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is well known by the Sen-
ate that we have now 110 Committee on Printing,
and there are obvious reasons why there should j
be such a committee. A doubt has arisen as to
the power of the Presiding Officer to appoint that
committee, although I confess I have none my-
self. The law authorizes him to appoint the
committee; but the doubt has arisen in consc-
qucnce of a rule of this body providing for the
election of all committees by the Senate, including
the Committee 011 Printing. I believe all gentle-
men here are aware that the necessity for the ap-
pointment of the committee is very great. To
remove all doubt on that matter, I submit a mo-
tion , that the President of the Senate be authorized
to appoint the Committee on Printing on the part
of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to-.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. HAMLIN presented additional papers in
the case of Levi Robinson, owner of the schooner
Mary Jane, praying for fishing bounty; which j
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, five petitions of sundry citizens of Maine,
praying for a modification of the bounty land
laws; which were referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Rebecca
Freeman, widow of Pearson Freeman, a waiter
in the army of the Revolution, piaying for bounty
land; which was referred to th  Committee 011
Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
Samuel Lockwood, late a commander in the
United States Navy, who was placed on the
reserved list in consequence of z. decision of the
late naval retiring board, praying to be restored
to his former position in the Navy; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
Sarah Larrabee, widow of a revolutionary sol-
dier, praying to be allowed bounty land; which
was referred to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Maine, pray-
ing for an amendment to the bounty land law of
March 3, 1855; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Puthc Lands.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the memorial of
citizens of the District of Columbia, praying that
the jurors in the courts of that District may bo
allowed the same fees as are allowed to jurors of
other United States courts by the act of'J6th Feb-
ruary, 1853; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the memorial
of Colonel Leslie Combs, praying for a grant
of bounty land to his regiment of Kentucky vol-
unteers; winch was referred to the Committee on
Military Aft'airs.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, presented
the petition of Zachariah Corbin,a soldier in the
last war with Great Britain, praying for a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee 011
Pensions.
Mr. ALLEN presented a paper in relation to
the case of Daniel Carr, praying that a pension
may bo granted to him, for services rendered m
the war of 1812; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Deborah Cliafee, grand-
daughter and heir of Thomas Diman, praying for
compensation for the services of her ancestor in
the revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Also, a letter and other papers of Robert Han-
dy, a lieutenant in the Navy, who has been placed
011 the reserved list, asking to be restored to his
former position in the Navy; which were referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a letter of Peter Turner, a lieutenant in
the Navy, who has been placed on the reserved
list, asking to be restored to his former position
in the Navy; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of E. Carrington Bowers,
a lieutenant in the Navy, who has been placed 011
the reserved list, complaining of injustice done to
him, and praying for such relief as Congress may
deem him entitled to; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, papers relating to the application of Frank
Ellery, a lieutenant in the Navy, who has been
placed on the reserved list, to be restored to his
former position in the. Navy; which were referred
to the Committee 011 Naval Affairs.
Mr. SLIDELL presented a petition of citizens
of Carroll parish, Louisiana, praying for the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Lake Providence
to Floyd, and thence to Bastrop, 111 that State;
which "was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of merchants, planters, and
other citizens of the collection district of Tcche,
Louisiana, praying that the custom-house of said
district may not be removed from its present loca-
tion; winch was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a memorial of R.
St. Clair Graham, grandson and one of the heirs
of General Arthur St. Clair, praying to be allowed
the half pay due for the services of his ancestor
in the revolutionary war, after deducting the
commutation pay already received; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the memorial of A. K. Long, a commander
in the Navy, who has been plaeed on the reserved
list, praying to be restored to his former position
in the Navy; which was referred to the Commit-
tee 011 Naval Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of Mrs.
Agatha O'Brien, praying that the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury be directed to settle the
accounts of her late husband, Brevet Major J. P.
J. O'Brien, and to pay her the amount due to him
as captain of artillery from 31st December, 1849,
to 31st March, 1850; whioh was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of Samuel Forrest, a purser
in tho United States Navy,praying to be allowed
a percentage for moneys disbursed by him as
special agent on board the United States ship
Ohio, 0)1 the coast of Mexico and California, in
the year 1848; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of William Merrill and others,
master mechanics at the Pensacola navy-yard,
praying to bo allowed certain amounts of pay for
time lost by them during the prevalence of yellow
fever at that yard; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of B. F. Sands, a com-
mander in the United States Navy, praying for
compensation for the use of his method of ascer-
taining tho character of tho bottom in deep-sea
soundings; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
memorial of Commodore Charles Stewart, of the
Navy, complaining that injustice has been dono
to him by the action of the board of naval officers
appointed under the law of the last session, and
appealing to Congress for redress; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, tho petition of William Chandler, alieu-
tenant in the Navy, who was placed on furlough
by the action of the late naval board, praying
that Congress will investigate the transactions of
that board, and that he may be restored to his for-
mer position in the service; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the representatives of James Purvis have
leave to vvithdiaw their petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That tiie petition and papeis of John Ilnlolfan,
praj inti to be panl for a pilaster capital executed by llim for
the United irUatos Capitoi extension hy order of the Com-
missioner of i'ulilie Buiklmus, be withdrawn from the files
of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Public
IiuiHlmg>.
O11 motion by Mr. WILSON, it was \ .
Ordered, That the petition and paper* of Huldah Butler, W
daugiitei ot John iliown, an oliieer m the devolution, pray-
ing tor commutation, be withdrawn from the tiles of the
Senate, and referred to tlie Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of citizens of Illinois, praying
that the pension of Valentine G. Welirhenn maybe in-
creased, be withdrawn from the files of the Benate, and
refened to the Committee 011 Pensions.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of William G.
Kidgely, praying tor indemnify for property destroyed by the
Butish dm ins tile war of 1632, be withdrawn fjom the files
of the Senate, and refeired to the Committee 011 Claims.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Towa, it was
Ordered,, That the memorial of the Legislature of Iowa,
praying lor the adoption of tho plan of Henry O'Reilly to
establish a line of settlements, and a teleijiaphic communi-
cation 111 the United States Territories, between the Mis-
sissippi livei ami the Pacific ocean, be withdrawn from the
flies of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritones.
Oa motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered. That the memorial of Henry O'Reilly, proposing
a of settlements for the protection of overland emi-
grants to Onlit'oi ma and Oregon, and praying for a grant of
land to enable Inm to consuuct a line of telegraph from the
Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean, be withdrawn from
the flics of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Tcrntones.
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Josiah S. Little,
prayinc for 1'emuucratmn for land of winch he was deprived
by the"A«.hburton treaty, be withdrawn from tho files of the
Senate, and refened to the Committee on Claims.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FOOT gave noticc of his intention to ask'
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Rebecca
Freeman.
CLAYTOIs-BULWEIl TREATY.
Mr. CLAYTON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
llc&ohcfl, That the President be requested, if it be com-
patible with the public interest, to communicate to the
Senate copies of anv coirespondence which took place
between Dame) Webster. Seeretaiy of State, and the British
Mim>tei, and the Minister from Costa Ilioa, in ipspect to a
pro jet winch was submitted to Nicaiauua, Costa Ihca, and
the Mosquito Indians, and a copy of such projet, with the
infetiucttons. given to Mr. WaMi, the special agent deputed
by the United States to present that projet to the States of
Nicaragua and Co ta Ric.i; as also of such other corre-
spondence may have parsed between him and tho said
Secretary of State on the subject; as also copies of the
correspondence with Mr. Kerr, charge d'affaires of the
United States in Nicaragua, in leieronce thereto; together
