974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
they choose in reference to it. if the money is
appropriated, I suppose it will be expended
during the spring and summer. I withdraw my
amendment.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
The forty-second amendment was reported, as
follows:
For construction of a sewer in Judiciary Square, $6,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The same remarks apply to
this amendment. It is estimated for in the annual
estimates, and the Committee of Ways and Means
have recommended that it be inserted in the gen-
eral appropriation bill. They, however, recom-
mend that it be non-concurred in in this bill.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The forty-third amendment of the Senate was
reported as follows:
For filling up of a ravine in Judiciary Square, .$'3,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The same remarks and rec-
ommendation apply to this amendment as to the
last.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The Clerk reported the forty-fourth amendment
as follows:
For placing the sewer openings along Pennsylvania
avenue under the footway, and trapping the same, $8,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The forty-fifth amendment of the Senate was
reported, as follows:
For repairing old poiuonof tile Patent Office building,
constructing watei-clouts therein, and casual repairs of the
fast wing of said building, §-4,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in that
amendment 011 the ground that it is not a de-
ficiency. I presume, however, that, if the appro-
priation be made now, the money will be well
used.
The amendment was concurred in.
The forty-sixth amendment of the Senate was
reported, as follows;
For the purchase of tret's and tree-boxes, $5,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence ill that
amendment. It is not a deficiency.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I find that the forty-
first amendment of the Senate reads asfollows:
" For continuing the grading and planting with tiees the
unimproved portions of the Mail, $10,000."
But here comes a sort of residuary clause:
" For tiie purchase of trees and treeboxes, $5,000."
What does it mean?
Mr. IvEITT. It means trees and tree-boxes.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir; but I want to know
to what particular purpose this $5,000 is to be
applied?
Air. CLINGMAN. I understand it is for re-
placing some trees that have been killed by the
frost.
Mr. SMITH. But still I do not understand
this amendment " for the purchase of trees and
tree-boxes, $5,000." It is indefinite.
Mr. PHELPS. I will explain to the gentleman
how I understand this money is to be expended,
if appropriated. In the annual estimates is an
item for the purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to
the supply place of those removed by order of
Congress, and such as have been killed by frost
and other causes, upon the public grounds and
avenues. The forty-first amendment read by the
gentleman from Virginia relates only to the Mall.
The Committee of Ways and Means, however,
recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. SMITH. Well, sir, I am opposed to the
adoption of this amendment; but I want to call
the attention of the committee to the language
used, as a specimen of the sort of phraseology
employed in these appropriations.
Mr. PHELPS. This is an amendment of the
Senate. The gentleman, therefore, is comment-
of upon the phraseology of the Senate, and not
ing the Committee of Ways and Means of this
House.
Mr. SMITH. Certainly, I am not finding
fault with the Committee of Ways and Means"
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to ask whether this
is a deficiency?
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means have recommended a non-concurrence
upon the ground that it is not.
Mr. SIMMONS. I move to amend by dimin-
ishing the amount $1,000. By the Senate amend-
ments the appropriations for this city are divided
out into little appropriations, $5,000 in a place.
It seems to me that, if we are to adopt them all, it
would be well to put them all together, and make
an appropriation of $50,000 at once for all these
little ornaments and improvements of the streets
and public grounds of this city. It may be that,
when we come to the improvements, we had
better provide for making them, but if we make
them, and do not provide for the ornaments, a trav-
eler passing through the city might be led to the
conclusion that we were -like a man with a good
deal of money and no taste. If, therefore, we
are to be so liberal with the public purse in making
these ornaments and improvements to gratify the
eye and imagination, I think it would be very
well to put them all together, and appropriate
$50,000 at once. It would only be a specimen of
the kind of dcficiencics we are supplying.
But, sir, such appropriations as these, it seems
to me, would look very marvelous to a State
Legislature. The United States Government col-
lects all the revenue from the duties paid upon
imports, amounting to seventy or eighty millions
of dollars a year, and does not know what to do
with the money, while not one cent is distributed
to the States which have no money, and have to
work like highway laborers to raise the means to
build their roads and construct works of internal
improvement, which the General Government dis-
claims the right to construct. I say the General
Government has all this money that it does not
know how to spend, while the States have to
labor to construct their own works of improve-
ment, and then repudiate, as one of the States
have done, and never pay. [Laughter.]
I believe the day will come when there must
be an end of these things. It looks to me like an
enormous expenditure. I cannot understand how
there can be a deficiency of §50,000 arising for
the improvement and ornament of the streets of
Washington. The Lord deliver mo from these
things !
Mr. S., by unanimous consent, withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. WHITNEY. I renew the amendment just
withdrawn by the gentleman from New York. I
think I discover, sir, in this bill aseriesof appro-
priations that should be classified. It appears to
me that it is the business of Congress to make all
necessary appiopriations relating to the public
business; but I find here what seems to me to be
a series of appropriations relating to municipal
affairs, such as the construction of sewers, and
matters of that character. I have voted from
first to last against these municipal appropria-
tions. I deem it to be the duty of the local gov-
ernment to make appropriations forimprovements
of this character, and no part of the duty of the
General Government. I shall, therefore, vote
against this appropriation for trees and tree-boxes,
at least until I know that they are for the use
of the public grounds. I have had no explana-
tion from the committee on that subjcct; no ex-
planation from any gentleman on this floor. I
ask for such an explanation before the vote is
taken.
Mr. PHELPS. I understand that this appro-
priation is for the purpose of purchasing trees to
take the place of the ailanthus trees which were
cut down by order of Congress, and those de-
stroyed by the severity of the past winter. The
trees are for the avenues and the public grounds,
the Mall included.
Mr. WHITNEY. Whatever it is the duty
of Congress to keep in repair, that I am prepared
to vote; but I imagine that the construction of
sewers is 110 part of the duty of this Govern-
ment. It is a municipal matter. The planting
of trees in the public thoroughfares I take to be a
municipal matter. If these trees were to go into
the public grounds, I would be willing to vote for
the appropriation. I withdraw my amendment.
The* forty-sixth Senate amendment was non-
concurred in.
The forty-seventh Senate amendment was re-
ported by the Clerk, as follows:
For an additional furnace erected for the library of Con-
gress, $500.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommended a non-concurrence in that
amendment. Since that time additional informa-
tion has been submitted to me, and I am satis-
fied that it is a deficiency. The money is justly
due, and ought to be paid. Money was appro-
priated for the purpose of erecting an additional
furnace for the library. There was not enough
appropriated for that object, and this $500 is to
supply the deficiency. Individually, I think the
amendment ought to be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
The forty-eighth amendment of the Senate waa
reported by the Clerk, as follows:
For finishing the portico and exterior of the west wing of
the Patent Office building, to pay the reservations due, put
up iron railing, and lay down the necessaiy flagging and
pavements, $150,000.
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Chairman, I move to re-
duce the appropriation, for the purpose of ex-
plaining the reason which operated with the
Committee of Ways and Means in recommend-
ing a non-concurrence. The estimate was not
submitted to us at the commencement of the ses-
sion as a deficiency, but as an estimate to be ap-
propriated for the next fiscal year. After the
estimates were made out, as I am informed, the
work progressed much more rapidly than was
expected. If this appropriation be now made,
one of the contractors for the work tells me that
the building will be completed probably by the
1st of August next. If the appropriation be not
now made, but kept over for the general appro-
priation bill, the completion of the work will be
delayed. As the estimate was not made in the
defieicncy estimates, and as the Committee of
\Vays and Means placed it in the regular appro-
priation bill, the committee adhered to their first
recommendation of non-concurrence. It is for
this committee to say what course it will pursue.
The appropriation,'in my judgment, may as
well be made now as in the annual appropriation
bill.
Mr. STANTON. Is the amount the same ?
Mr. PHELPS. Itis. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
The forty-ninth amendment of the Senate was
reported by the Clerk, as follows:
For repairs of the navy-yard and upper bridges of the east-
ern branch of the Potomac river, $-5,000.
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
by adding the following:
And for repairs of the Potomac bridge, known as the Lous
Bridge, .5-6,00u.
If this amendment be adopted, then the amend-
ment of the Senate will bo in exact conformity
with the recommendation of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings and Grounds, and that
of the Secretary of the Interior. Owing to the
heavy pressure of the ice of last winter, a portion
of the Long Bridge is in a dangerous condition,
and requires repair to prevent perhaps the most
serious consequences. The sum in the amend-
ment is what is necessary to preserve it as a
bridge. It is not only required for private but
for public use. I hope my amendment may be
adopted.
Mr. SPINNER. Is it for a deficiency? If it
be not, I must oppose it as I have all others of a
like kind.
Mr. SMITH. It is a deficiency. There are
regular appropriations for keeping such public
establishments in repair. Whenever the estab-
lishment is deficient in carrying out the object
for which it was agreed to by Congress, then an
appropriation is made for the deficiency.
Mr. Smith's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STA.N JON. I would inquire how much
of the sum in the Senate's amendment goes to the
navy-yard, and how much to the bridges?
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence. No esti-
mates were submitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and there are, I understand, no
papers accompanying the amendment. I learn
from a debate which took place elsewhere—I
cannot say in the Senate—that it was thought
necessary to apply a certain sum to the repair of
the Beale bridge, and a certain other sum to the
repair of the Navy-Yard bridge. I do not know
