248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
>!
with any correspondence with the Government of Nica-
ragua, or its Minister, in respect to the same projet; and
aUo copies o£ any letters not heretofore communicated
which may have been addressed to this Government by the
Minister of Nicaragua, or the Minister or" Great Britain, in
reference to the construction and purport of the convention
between the United States and Great Britain, signed April
19,1850, and proclaimed July 5> 1850, and of the replies
made to them, ii any.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secietary of State be directed to lay
before the Senate a copy of the Report of Adjudications
made by the Board of American Commissioners at Pans, to
liquidate and audit the claims of American citizens against
the French Government, being for u debts" due to tbpm,
and for the Fatisfhction of which provision was made by
the convention between the United States and France of
April 30,1803.
Also, to lay before the Senate any information to be
obtained m the Department of State, showing how far the
Government of the United States ha3 made effectual its
proffered aid to the American sufferers from French cap-
tures and other injuries, as set forth in the public notice by
the Secretary of State, Mr. Jefferson, by order of President
Washington, dated August 27, 1793 ; whether the said suf-
ferers accepted said overture of aid, and complied with its
invitation to submit to the Government the evidence of
their losses; and whether said oveiture was ever with-
drawn or modified \ and what has become of the evidence
and proofs of loss so called for and received by the Govern-
ment.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages, in writing, of an executive
character, were received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Sidney Webster, his
Secretary.
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business-,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned to Monday
next. i
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 17, 1855.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SLAVERY" QUESTION.
Mr. CARLILE addressed the House upon the
slavery question, in all its bearings. In theeourse
of which ho was interrupted by Mr. Stephens,
and others. This portion of the debate has, at
the request of those who participated in it, b^en
withheld for revision. It will bo published here-
after in the Appendix.
TEN-MINUTES RULE, ETC.
Mr. ORR. I move that the ten-minute rule
be rescinded. I make that motion in good faith,
and hope it will be adopted. If general debate
is to be opened up here, I think that it is due to
all of us that every member have time to reply.
The gentleman [Mr. Cari.ii.k] has occupied
nearly thr<H> quarters of an hour this morning,
and it will take as long as that to reply to him.
I therefore move that the resolution limiting de-
bate be rescinded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move tohiy
that motion on the table, with the understanding
that hcnccforth I shall object to any member pro-
ceeding after the expiration of bis ten minutes.
t Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Mr. Clerk, that no-
tice has been given a dnz different times by as
many different men, and never carried out by
anybody. I trust that the motion of the gentle-
man from South Carolina will prevail, that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr.CARi.iLr.] will have
an opportunity of concluding his speech, and then
that some one on our side of the House will have
an opportunity of replying.
The CLERK. The Clerk must suggest that
there is a motion pending to lay the motion of
the gentleman from South Carolina on the table,
and that no debate is in order.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would suggest to the
gentleman from South Carolina, that, by general
consent, some one bo allowed a sufficient length
of time to reply to the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Carlile;] and then that it be the universal
understanding that there are to be no further ex-
tensions of the ten-minute rule hereafter.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from
South Carolina persist in his motion?
Mr. ORR. Do I understand that the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Wash-
burn] is assented to by the House? [Cries of
"Object!"] Then I shall insist upon my mo-
tion to rescind the ten-minute rule. Now. Mr.
Clerk 
The CLERIC. The Clerk must suggest that
no debate is in order.
Mr. ORR. I will so modify my motion as to
adopt the hour rule, instead of the ten-minute
rule.
Mr. WASHBURN. I would suggest that the
hour rule be adopted for to-day, and that after
to-day the ten-minute rule be insisted on.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would suggest a half-
hour rule; half an hour is long enough for a
Mr. ORR. I prefer to allow my motion to
stand as it is.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I wish to make
a suggestion to the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, which, I think, may relieve us from the
difficulties in which we seem to be involved, so
far as the limit of debate is concerned. I sug-
fest that the gentleman make a motion of this
ind: that we shall hold evening sessions, com-
mencing at seven o'clock, for the purpose of
general debate, with the restriction, or with the
understanding, that no vote shall be taken upon
any question except a motion to adjourn.
I do not know but that I should myself like to
occupy an hour upon the subject of platforms some
evening; but I will not do it in the day-time, or
at. any time that could be profitably devoted to
the business of the House. I would suggest,
therefore, that a rulp be adopted under which we
shall call the roll for two or three or four votes,
as the case may be, and then, at the ordinary hour
for dinner, we take a recess until seven o clock,
with the understanding that no vote shall be taken.
This will afford just the opportunity that is
wanted to discuss platforms and for the purposes
of general debate.
Mr. CARLILE. I regret very much that I
should have involved the House in any difficulty
in consequcnce of the remarks I have made this
morning.
Mr. ORR. Not at all. If, by general consent,
some one on our side of the House could be per-
mitted an equal time to reply, I should bo satis-
fied.
Mr. CARLILE. I certainly shall not object.
Mr. WASHBURN. I hope, by general con-
sent, the gcnlloman from South Carolina will be
allowed to rnply to the gentleman from Virginia.
Several Members objected.
Mr. LETCf-JELl. I hope this restriction will
be taken olF altogether. Gentlemen come here
and make speeches, when it happens to strike the
fancy of the House to allow them to proceed,
without restriction; and then, unless it happens
to strike the fancy of the House, other gentlemen
arc allowed but ten minutes to reply. Now, I
want to stand uponaporfcct equality with every-
body else upon this floor. If a speech is made
to which I desire to reply, I want the same privi-
lege of replying that was given when the speech
was made. Besides, I take it for granted that
our friends on the other side of the Rouse arc not
yet quite prepared to make a Speaker, [Laughter,
?nd cries of44 Yes, we areGive us a chance!"]
and I see no reason why we should he restricted
in our debate to the night. I see no reason why
this debate should not, go on in the day-tune.
Mr. WASHUCJRN rose.
The CLERK. The Clerk roust remind the
gentiemanthat,in the present stale of the question,
no debate is in order. In what form does the
gentleman from South Carolina put his motion?
Mr. ORR. I modify it so as to substitute the
hour rule for the ten-minute rule.
Mr. WASHBURN. I submitted the motion
that the motion of the gentleman from South
Carolina should lie on the table. I suppose that
motion would apply to the proposition of the
gentleman in its amended or modified form. But,
sir, I propose now to withdraw that motion, and
to submit, instead, an amendment to his proposi-
tion: thnt, after to-day, neither debate nor personal
explanation shall be in order until a Speaker is
elected. That will give gentlemen an opportunity
for a full debate for to:day, and to-morrow we
can commence vox-mg.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to say a word upon
the proposition of the gentleman from Maine, to
i| amend the motion of the gentleman from South
! s Carolina.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Virginia to allow me to submit a sub-
stitute for the proposition of the gentleman from
South Carolina; and the gentleman can then speak
upon both propositions.
Mr. McMULLIN. What is it ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is thai we hold evening
sessions for the purpose of unlimited debate.
Mr. McMULLIN. I regret, Mr. Clerk, that
of all the men in this House, my worthy and dis-
tinguished colleague from Virginia [Mr, Carlile]
should'have felt called upon this morning to come
here and deliver the speech which he has just
delivered. t
Mr. CARLILE. I am sorry my colleague
could not have heard the whole of it, and then,
perhaps, he would not have objected to it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would like to have heard
the whole of it. But, sir, I had hoped that these
family jars would have been confined to other
States, and that Old Virginia would have stood
here as one man in vindication of the rights of
the Constitution, and of thoughts of the whole
country. I agree with my colleague in his intro-
ductory remarks,—I agree with him, that the
gentlemen upon the other side oi the House, of
the Republican party, do present to the people of
this country a sectional candidate. I indorse
that portion of his remarks fully. My colleague
seems to have had in his mind's eye an attack
upon Mr. Banks, and to that portion of his
speech I have no sort of objection. I believe ho
had good and sufficient cause for making the at-
tack. But I desire here to enter my protest against
that portion of my colleague's speech in which
he felt called upon to attack the Democracy of the
country; and it is for the purpose of replying to
this portion of his speech that I have arisen upon
this occasion, and for the purpose of asking a ques-
tion, which I should have asked during the prog-
ress of the speech, if my colleague had given me
the floor for that purpose.
Mr. Clerk, I understood my colleague distinctly
and emphatically to state, that if he had been a
member of this House during the last Congress,
he would have voted against the Kansas andNe-
! braska bill, for two or three reasons.
Mr. CARLILE. Yes, sir.
Mr. McMULLIN. And yet, with that decla-
ration upon his lips, he proceeds to arraign tho
Democratic party of the country.
Mr. CARLILE. Will my colleague allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. McMULLIN. No, sir; excuse me. My
colleague refused to allow me to ask him a ques-
tion during tho progress of his remarks, and ho
will pardon me if 1 do not now give way. In the
attack my colleague made upon the Democratic
party of the country, he took occasion to make
allusion to the Kansas and Nebraska bill, which
has been so frequently discussed here and through-
out the country. Now, 1 take occasion to say,
that that bill consists of two simple propositions,
and two only. Gentlemen may get up here in
our discussions and attempt to mystify it as much
as they please: there are but two great proposi-
tions contained m that great measure.
Now, sir, the first proposition contained in that
bill—and to it I desire the especial attention of
the House and of my colleague, for it will enable
me to compare his Democracy with mine—is, are
the American people all capable of self-govern-
ment ? That is the first great question in the bill.
I answer the proposition, emphatically, that they
are capable of self-government. Does my col-
league dissent? Then, if that question bo
answered affirmatively, the second proposition
arises, wili you intrust them with their own gov-
ernment? That is the second question, and the
whole question. Gentlemen need not attempt to
lead off the public mind by that sort of mystifica-
tion which has been adopted in the way of talking
about squatter sovereignty.
; My colleague, I know, is my personal friend,
[ and he was my political friend until he bowed
j the knee to certain idols got up by patent-right
politicians of the North. He wasate. Democrat,
and I would have indorsed him previous to the
establishment by the Republicans of the North of
a hybrid and entirely new-fangled party. That
party humbugged and bamboozled my southern
friends into association with it.
And now, while my colleague attempts to
bolster up his democracy and consistency, and
