238
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[March 11,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with England,—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
United States with the intention of enlisting in
any foreigirservice?
Mr. BROWN. I do. The law says, in express
terms, just what I have stated.
Mr. HALE. I think the Senator will find
himself exceedingly mistaken in that respect.
Mr. BROWN. I have read the law; and if 1
am mistaken about it I am willing that anybody
shall detect the error.
Mr. HALE. I think the Senator will find the
law to be this: That it is criminal for any man to
procure a person to go abroad with the intention
of enlisting; but if acitizen of this country wishes
to go to Halifax, or anywhere else, and enlist in
a foreign service, it is no crime for him to do it.
He may do it, and there is no crime in declaring
his intention to do it. I think I am not mistaken
in this. It is unlawful for somebody else to pro-
pure..him to do it; but anybody in the United
States has a right to go if he chooses, and to go
armed if he wishes to do so.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator and I do notun-
derstand the law precisely alike. I have read it
verbatim, and the Senate will judge whether my
comments are sustained by the text.
Now, sir, let us proceed further. At another
point in Strobel's testimony I find this:
"<£. (paper shown.) Will you look at that paper, and state
what it is?
"wi. It is the instructions I received at Quebec, in Sir
Edmund Head's house, out of Mr. Crampton's own hands.
The original was written in Mr. Crampton's own handwrit-
ing, and was written, at least fart of, in my presence, in
his room. This is a copy made from the original; I made
it for the purpose of preserving a copy. The original I
gave back in a report I made to Sir GaspardLe Marchant,
in Halifax. That report stated what I had done to clear me
of two charges made against me up there. ,
" Q. That, then, is a copy made from the original instruc- ;
tions of Crampton, as to your duty in the United States ? j
"A. That is a copy of the original instructions I received i
at this time from Mr. Crampton. |
"The paper was being read as part of the evidence, '
when, on motion, a recess was taken for ten minutes. Ou
the court reassembling, the reading of the paper was con-
cluded. It is as follows:
"' Memorandum for the guidance of those who are to
' make known to persons in the United States the terms and 1
' conditions upon which recruits will be, received into the
' British army:
"' 1. The parties who may go to Buffalo, Detroit, or
' Cleveland, for this purpose, must clearly understand that
' they must carefully refrain from anything which would
'constitute a violation of the law of the United States.'"
Very careful, Mr. Crampton! For what pur-
pose aid he send them to Buffalo, and Detroit,
and Cleveland ? If they were sent there for any
purpose, it was to get men to fill up the British
foreign legion, and how could they do it without
violating the law? Let us go further, and see
how cautious Mr. Crampton was:
"2. They must, therefore, avoid any act which might
bear the appearance of recruiting within the jurisdiction of
the United Statesfora foreign service, or of hiring or retain-
ing anybody to leave that jurisdiction with, the intent to
enlist in the service of a foreign Power. [Both these acts
are illegal by the act of Congress of 1818, sec. 2.)
"4. There must be no collection, embodiment of men,
or organization whatever, attempted within that jurisdic-
tion.
"5. No promises or contracts, written or verbal, on the
subject of enlistment, must be entered into with any person
within that jurisdiction.
."The information to be given will be simply, that to those
desiring to enlist in the British army, facilities will be
afforded for so doing on their crossing the line into British
territory, and the terms offered by the British Government
may be stated as a matter of information only, and not as
implying any promise or engagement on the part of those
supplying such information, sq Jong, at least, as they remain
within American jurisdiction."
That is to say they were to b$ told how much
they would get if they would go; but there was
no absolute engagement, because that might pos-
sibly break the law! See again how cautious he
is. What a cunning old fox is Mr. Crampton!
Let us examine his instructions further:
" 7. It is essential to success that no assemblages of per-
sons should take place at beer-houses, or other similar places
of entertainment, for the purpose of devising measures for
enlisting; and the parties should scrupulously avoid resort-
ing to this or similar means of disseminating the desired
information, inasmuch cs the attention of the Jlmerican
authorities would not fail to be called to such proceedings
which would undoubtedly be regarded by them as an attempt
to carry on recruiting for a foreign Power within the limits
of the United States % and it certainly must be borne in
mind that the institution tf legal proceedings against any
of the parties in question, even if they were to elude the
penalty, would be fatal to the success of the enlistment it-
self
Ah! had he not been told to have no conceal-
ment from the United States; and does not Lord
Clarendon make it a matter of boast that Mr.
Crampton had been told above all things to have
no concealment from the United States? Yet
here is a paper, drawn by his own hand, in which
he tells his men not to ao particular things, be-
cause they could not fail to attract the attention
of the American authorities. If these things were
lawful, why need he care if the American author-
ities did see them ? If he was doing no wrong—if
he was violating no law—if he was conscious of
the perfect propriety of his conduct, why this
violation of his instructions to have no conceal-
ment from the United States ?
The amount of the instructions is, that they
must not go into beer-houses, they must not talk
about the matter at the street corners, they must
not assemble in large squads, for this wouid at-
tract the attention of the American authorities,
and " be fatal to the success of the enlistment
itself." Sir, do not forget that we are told Mr.
Crampton was acting under instructions to have
no concealment from this Government. Another
point of these memoranda of Mr. Crampton to
the recruiting agents is:
" 8. Should the strict observance of these points be neg-
lected, and the parties thereby involve themselves in diffi-
culty, they are hereby strictly apprised that they mast ex-
pect no sort of aid or assistance from the British Government;
this Government would be compelled by the clearest dic-
tates of international duty to disavow their proceedings,
and would moreover be absolved from all engagements con-
tingent upon the success of the parties in obtaining, by legal
means, soldiers for her Britannic Majesty's army."
I need not comment on this strange paragraph;
it plainly says, go and violate the laws of the
United fcstates: be cunning, look out for your-
selves; if you get into difficulties, the proud and
haughty Government whose dirty work you are
doing, will disown you.
I proceed with the testimony. A paper is shown
the witness, and he is asked:
" Q. In whose handwriting is that paper?
" Jl. At that very time 1 also received this cipher to tel-
egraph with to Mr. Crampton and to Halifax, about this
recruiting business; I cannot swear as to whose handwrit-
ing it is in, but I believe it is Mr. Crampton's; I did not see
him write it, but he handed it to me.
" The paper was here given in evidence ; the following
is a copy:
Letter.
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
1
m
Cipher.
y
v
j
1
i
e
z
u
b
w
t
a
Letter.
n
o
p
q
r
8
t
u
v
w
X
V
Cipher.
q
n
c
h
0
P
k
e
d
m
r
1
f
"Q. You were to telegraph him by this cipher, instead
of the usual way ?
"Jl. Yes,sir.
"Q- What was the object in giving you this cipher?
" Jl. Such ciphers were given to several officers—to Mr.
Smolenski, Mr. Cartensen; and men actually engaged in the
recruiting business received those ciphers.
" Q,. Was it for the purpose of avoiding detection ?
■ It was for the purpose of avoiding detection, and
avoiding any difficulties with the authorities here. It was
to enable me to telegraph to Mr. Crampton, from every
place I might visit, without the people in the telegraph
offices understanding it.
" Q. Were all the officers sent on this recruiting to tele-
graph to Mr. Crampton as to their proceedings, and was
that cipher to be used ?
" Jl. Yes, sir." ,
Here foliows a long list of dinner invitations
from Sir Gaspard and Lady Le Marchant, and
other British officers of high rank; important only
as showing that Strobel was on terms of social
intimacy with these gentlemen, and is, therefore,
unimpeached, and, so far as we know, unim-
peachable.
For what purpose did Mr. Crampton want a
cipher? Why should he resort to these cabalistic
characters, which only he and the initiated could
understand? Was that to carry out his instruc-
tions, to have no concealment from the Govern-
ment of the United States? Was he dealing
openly and fairly with the Government, when
he supplied his agents with a cipher which none
kut he and they understood? For what purpose
was the cipher given? The witness tells us, " it
was for the purpose of avoiding.detection, and
avoiding any difficulties with the authorities
here. A cipher was resorted to for the purposo
of telegraphic communications, the object being
to avoid detection; and yet he is violating no law—
he is keeping nothing concealed from the Govern-
ment of the United States! And yet Lord Claren-
don defends and justifies Mr. Crampton's conduct,
and stoutly maintains, as we shall presently see,
that he has done no wrong, violated no law, and
disobeyed no instructions.
Now, before I pass from this branch of the
subject, I desire to call attention to the charge of
Judge Kane, delivered on the trial of Hertz. It
is important in many points of view, but it is es-
pecially important as Judge Kane is brought into
this case by Lord Clarendon himself, as the very
judge who had correctly expounded the law. I
read this opinion because it is from the man on
whom his lordship relies for correct opinions.
Judge Kane says:
" Our people and our Government-have been accused of
forgetting the obligations of neutrality, and pushing our-
selves forward into the conflicts of foreign nations, instead
of minding our own business as neutrals and leaving bel-
ligerents to fight out their own quarrels. For one, I con-
fess that I felt surprised, as this case advanced, to learn,
that during the very time that these, accusations were ful-
minated against the American people by the press of Eng-
land, there was, on the part of eminent British functionaries
here, a seriei of arrangements in progress, carefully digested,■
and combining all sorts of people, under almost all ^orts of
influences, to evade the laws of the United States by which
our country sought to enforce,its neutrality—arrangements
matured, upon a careful inspection of tlie different sections
of our statutes, ingeniously to violate their spirit and prin-
ciple without incurring their penalty, and thus enlist and
send away soldiers from our neutral shores to fisht the
battles of those who were incontinently and not overcourt-
; eously admonishing us to fulfil the duties of neutrality."
j If it were important, I could show, by the
j speeches delivered in the British Parliament itself,
i that we are not alone in our construction of our
i own law, and that we are not alone in the charge
! which we make against Mr. Crampton of having
violated the law, and having done it knowingly.
These things were charged on the 13th of last
month, in the British House of Commons, by
Mr. Roebuck, by Mr. Gibson, and by others.
Mr. Roebuck, on that occasion, said:
"We have been led to suppose that we have right on our
side, and that our cousins on the other side of the water,
taking advantage of our position, were, nevertheless, en-
deavoring to force us to make a sort of supplication to them
for peace. Now, what is the state of the case ? It is this:
After the Parliament of Great Britain had passed an act
for the enlistment of foreigners, the Government determ-
ined, under the provisions of that act, to enlist people in
America. Being unable to intercept the emigration flowing
from Germany to America, they went to America, and they
gave instructions to our authorities there to form a foreign
legion, to be composed of persons enlisted in America.
u One of the persons employed on that occasion was our
Minister at Washington, (Mr. Crampton;) another was the
Governor of Nova Scotia; and a third was the Governor
General of Canada. The noble lord said that, as soon as
Government discovered that umbrage had been given to the
united States by the course they had taken, he gave in-
structions to our Ministers and agents not to trench in any
way upon the municipal laws of America, and at the same
time sent a full apology to the American Government. He
then appealed to the House, and asked, could he do any-
thing more ?
"If the noble lord had only done what he stated, I
should have answered his appeal by saying that nothing
more could be done. But Government did more, and what
they did I will now state. Mr. Crampton went from Wash-
ington to Nova Scotia, and there entered into a sort of com-,
bination with the Governor, and laid a plan by which the
laws of the United States might be contravened, in order
to obtain surreptitiously that which could not be obtained
by other means. 1 will prove directly all that I assert out
I of Mr. Crampton's own mouth, or rather out of his own
pen, but I ought first to state the law of America upon the
subject of enlistment; and the House will then see that it
is m accordance with the opinion and feeling of the coun-
try-
" In the first place, it is illegal to enlist anybody in the
United States for the service of a foreign State. The Gov-
ernment are not, however, charged with that offense, but
with something more. Any person going to the United
States, and inducing people to leavethose States forthe pur-
pose of being enlisted abroad, also acts in contravention of
the law; and this is part ofthe law which Mr. Crampton is
accused of having broken through. He went to Nova Scotia;
he there engaged persons going to the States to enlist people
—that is, to induce them to go to Nova Scotia to be en-
listed. Now, the very act of inducing people to leave the
United States forthe purpose of being enlisted is a violation
of the law, being a contravention of that neutrality to which
the Americans wish to adhere.
" Mr. Crampton thought he could do this without being
discovered by the authorities of the United States. They
did, however, discover what was taking place, and,in con-
sequence of that discovery, Mr. Crampton issued a procla-
mation from Nova Scotia, suggesting a means of evading the
law of the United States, and giving the parties whom he
employed a cipher by which they might communicate with
him. How do I prove this statement ? Why i hold in my
hand a document curious in many ways, i  a re port of a
trial that took place in Pennsylvania, ia which on? Henry
