1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1849
Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Mallory, Reid, Toombs, and
Wellei—1-2
So the bill was passed.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he approved and signed the follow-
ing acts, which had originated in the Senate:
An act for the relief of Elizabeth V. Lomax,
only surviving child of Captain William Lindsay,
of the Revolution;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Samuel
Scott;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Zadock Thompson, of Vermont;
An act for the relief of Levi Robinson;
An act for the relief of the owners and shares-
men of the fishing schooners Wanderer, Mary,
Olive Branch, Two Brothers, and Brothers;
An act to authorize the entry of certain lands
in the State of Iowa by Mrs. Caroline Newing-
ton; and
A resolution in favor of John Y. Laub, a clerk
in the office of the First Comptroller of the
Treasury.
ASHTABULA HARBOR.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whoie, the bill (S. No. 37) to con-
tinue the improvement of the harbor at Ashtabula,
Ohio, which proposes to appropriate $13,500.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and read the third time.
Mr. CLAV called for the yeas an J nays on its
passage; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS — Me-i-rs. Hell of New Hampshire, Benjamin,
Blight, Cn>-, Clayton, Collamei, Crittenden, Dodge, Dur-
kee, i'V-^enden, Foot, Fo^-tei, ILviIan, Johnbon, Jones of
Iowa. 1'iatf. rush, Si ba-h.in, Seward. Sttiait, Trumbull,
Wade, VVellei, Wilson, and Wnght—
NAVS — tfiown, Dutlei, Clay, Houston,
Hunter, Ueid, .mil Toonib-,—S.
So the bill was parsed.
HARBOR OF SANDUSKY CITY.
The Senate next proceeded to consider, as in |
Committee of the Whole, the bill (S. No. 18) to
continue the improvement of the harbor of San- :
dusky City, Ohio, which proposes to appropriate !
§28,500. The bill was reported to the Senate j
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for !
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CLEVELAND HARBOR.
The bill (S. No. 19) to continue the improve-
ment of the harbor of Cleveland, Ohio, was next
considered by the Senate as m Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to appropriate $35,000. No
amendment being proposed, the bill was reported
to the Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
HARBOR AT BLACK RIVER.
The bill (S. No. 20) to continue the improve-
ment of the harbor at the mouth of Black river,
Ohio, which proposes to appropriate £>J0,U00,
was considered as m Committee of the Whole.',
reported to the Senate without amendment, and
on the question, " Shall the bill be engrossed and
read tin; thnd time?"
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 24, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Mew>. Bel J of New Hampshire, He!] of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, ('a^, Clayton, Collamer, Dodge, Dutkec,
j-V-M-iuieu, 1-Vh, Tool, Foster. Gryor, Harlan, Johuxm,
Jon*'* « l low.i. Pu«,rlu Seba-nan. Sewaid, Stuart, Trumbull,
Wade, YVii-oji. and Wnght—:2I.
N \A'S—Mew.- HiL'ir-r Bi ler, Brown, Clay, Houston.
Hunter, lvo>i-<>n, M.illojv, Rod, Toomh-, and Weller—11,
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
IIARBG& OF FAIRPORT.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
next proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 21)
to continue the improvement of the harbor of
Fairport, Ohio, which makes an appropriation
of $13,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Air. HUNTER. J ask whether this is a har-
bor or river improvement. It says '' Grand
river."
Mr. WADE. It is at the mouth of the river
on Lake Erie, where the river empties into the
lake, as all the rest of them are.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. CLAY. I call for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Cass, Crittenden, Durkee, Fessenden, Fish,
Foot, Foster, Geyer, Harlan, Jaiuef, Johnson, Jonot* of
Iowa, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade,
Wilson, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Bmler, Brown, Clay, Iver&on,
Mallory, Held, Toombs, and Weller—9.
So the bill was passed.
OAK ORCHARD HARBOR.
The bill (S. No. 22) for continuing the im-
provement of the harbor at the mouth of Oak
Orchard creek, New York, on Lake Ontario,
was considered by the Senate as m Committee
of the Whole. Itproposes to appropriate $14,500
for that purpose.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to hear some-
thing about the recommendation for Oak Orchard
creek. I remember some incidents in regard to
its being put in the bill some years ago. What
is the estimate, when was it made, and what are
the necessities for the work ?
Mr. SEWARD. The harbor of Oak Orchard
lies about midway between the Niagara river,
which is the entrance to Lake Ontario on the west,
and the Genesee river, near the mouth of which
is the port of Rochester. The distance between
those two points is one hundred miles. There
is no other harbor on the south shore of Lake
Ontario between these points, and it is exposed
to the winds from the north and west. It is an old
work, improved at the earliest period, and the
appropriations have been made successively since
whenever the bills have been carried. The last
appropriation was in 1852, when $10,500 weie
appropriated for this work. The money ex-
pended has earned out one pier ei^'lit hundred and
foity-four feet, and the other seven hundred and
thirty-four feet. The estimate to complete the
work so as to give ei htfeet of water, $40,106 94,
according to Colonel Abort's report at the last
Congress. It is of course necessary for a harbor
of refuge.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and on the question, " Shall it be
engross! and read the third time?"
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 25, nays 9; as follows:
YE AS—"We^Tv Bell of Now Hampshire, Bell of Tennes-
see. Benjamin, Cass, Collamer, Cnttcnden, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hailon,.Tames, John-
son, Jones ot Iowa, Pueb, fcebahtmn, Seward, Stuart,
Tiumbull, Wade, Weller, Wilson, and VV ught—!!." .
NAYS—Mecsn. Iii'xir-, Billet. Brown, Clay, Houston,
Hunter, Ivcimhu Jteid, and Toombs—0.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
BUFFALO HARBOR.
The Senate next proceeded to consider, as m
Committee, of (lie Whole, the bill fS. No. 23) for
continuing the improvement of the haiborof Buf-
falo, New York, on Lake Erir, which appropn-
ates $,33,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
rtading, and was read the third time.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 8; as
follows:
YJ3AS—Me^ts. Bell of New ILmip^hiie. Bell of Ten-
nessee, Benjamin, iijgler, (.'ass, Collamei, Dodge, Durkee,
Fe-^-enden. Foot. Fo-tei, Ce\er, ffulart, J.iuii'S
Johnson. Jones of Iowa, Pratt, Pugli, Seba-tian Sewaid,
Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, Weller, Wilson, and Wu hi—
27.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Clay, Houston, Ilunter,
Ivernon, Iteul, and Toombs—y.
So the bill was passed.
HARBOR OF DUNKIRK.
The bill (S. No. 24) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Dunkirk, New York, on
Lake Erie, was next considered by the Senate,
as m Committee of the Whole. It appropriates
$30,000.
It reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to be engrossed for a third leading,
read the third time, and on the question, " Shall
the bill pass?"
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to ask whether there has
been a survey and estimate for this work; and if
so, I should like to hear them read. In 1853-54,
I perceive by the report that it was recom-
mended that "a final decision of the subject of
the harbor of Dunkirk be deferred until a personal
inspection and examination shall have been made
by the board; no such personal inspection and
examination of the harbor has yet been made by
the board."
Mr. SEWARD. Dunkirk, as is probably known
to all of the members of the Senate, is the termin-
ation of the New York and Erie railroad, one of
the great arteries of the commerce of the United
States. It is on the shore of Lake Erie, distant
sixty miles from Buffalo, and there is no harbor
of refuge for which any improvement is contem-
plated between Buffalo, the foot of the lake, and
Dunkirk, and none above Dunkirk as far as Erie,
in the State of Pennsylvania, which is a distance
of more than one hundred miles—I think one
hundred and twenty. Every one knows thai the
peril on that lake increases towards the center in
consequence of the exposure to the concentrated
force of the southwest winds and storms. Per-
haps more shipwrecks happen on the lake be-
tween Erie and Buffalo, than at any other points.
It is a place of great disaster. The harbor of
Dunkirk is indispensably necessary for a harbor
of refuge, and is, as yet, a very imperfect harbor.
In 1852 there was an appropriation made for the
Dunkirk harbor of $30,000—$27,000 of which was
expended up to the last season. The report on
the subject would bo too long for me to read for
the information of the honorable Senator from
Alabama; but he will find, in the report of the
War Department, part two of the President's
message and documents for ]855-56, page 382,
a full description of the work and estimates
throughout.
'• ILnhoi of Dunkirk.— The plan projected by the board
of engineers, and .ippiovcd by the Secretary of War, for
the piuteetion of this harbor, consists of three breakwaters :
the pimetpal oreential ogc on a line drawn from Light-
house Point to Battery 1*01111; the second west, and inland
of, and parallel to. the thst; and the third east, and lake-
waid ot the mam work," &,c.
I will barely state,in addition, that the amount
of tonnage arriving and departing from Dunkirk
last year was four hundred and twenty thousand
tons.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2-1, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Bigler, Cavs, Collamer, Dodge, Durkee,
Fes^enden, Fi^li, Foot, Fo,<-tei, Geyer, Harlan, James, Jones
of Iowa, Punt, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart,Trumbull,
Wade, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Mes^is. Biggs, Brown, Clay, Fitzpatrick, Hous-
ton, Hunter, ivet^on, Keid, Toombs, and Weller—10.
So the bill was passed.
LITTLE SODUS BAY.
The lull (S. No. 25) forcontinuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Sodus bay, Cayuga county,
New York, on Lake Ontario, was next considered
by the Senate, as m Committee of the Whole. It
appropriates $15,000.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to know whether
this is Little Sodus or Big Sodus?
Mr. SEWAItD. This is a very respectable
poit, sir, called the port of Sodus bay, in Cayuga
county, 111 the State of New York, and is at the
mouth of what was the Little Sodus creek or
river, so called to distinguish it from the Great
Sodus river. This port is thirteen miles west of
Oswego. The sum of $95,209 15 is required to
complete the work. The plan is to extend two
piers into the lake to fifteen feet water. The
west pier was commenced last year, and two
hundred and forty feet completed, and there ig
now eight feet of water. The bay is one mile
and a half long and one thousand feet wide. The
water is deep, with bold shores. It is important
as well for commerce as for protection as a har-
bor of refuse for the c.ommeice of the port of
Oswego. The port of Oswego is near to it,—only
fifteen miles distant; but, as those poisons ac-
quainted with the lake know, the harbor of
Oswego is practically a point projected into the
lake rather than withdrawn and retreating from
the lake. It is a very hazardous place, and all
