1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31,
the people interested in the commerce of Oswego
are deeply interested and desirous of perfecting
this harbor at Sodus bay, Cayuga county, with
reference to the safety of that navigation. In the
President's message and documents of 1855-56,
part 2, page 378, will be found the estimates and
an accountof what has been done. The engineer's
report says:
" As a harbor of refuge it is of great importance to the
commerce of the lake.55
This brings it, beyond all doubt, within the
rule.
Mr. BIGGS. The Senator refers to the esti-
mates to be found in the report of the Secretary
of War, communicated to Congress at page 378
of the second part of the President's message and
documents. This bilMs for an appropriation of
$14,500, 1 understand; the estimates, [ find, are
$20,944. A little while ago, when the appropri-
ations for Ohio were up, 1 made an inquiry of the
Senator from Ohio, and ascertained from him that
the bills for the improvement of harbors in Ohio
conformed to the estimates of the Department.
The one about which I was then inquiring, upon
reading the estimates, I found to conform to them.
I then called attention to the fact, that there had
been three different changes of the principle upon
which the Committee on Commerce acted. Now,
I find, in regard to this bill, that the appropriation
asked is for $14,500, and the estimate §20,944.
1 want to kuow if there is another change of
principle in regard to the appropriations in New
York, there being changes in regard to other
harbors?
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. BIGGS. The Senator from New York
does not think proper to answer the inquiry I
made. I understand, then, that there has been a
scaling. That is what I wished to arrive at. I
desired to ascertain whether or not, in the making
of appropriations for these works, there had been
« scaling in some places, and upon what principle
the Committee on Commerce have reduced, how
much they have scaled, and whether the scaling
has been done equally in regard to all these appro-
priations? It is distinctly made known to the Sen-
ate that there has been a change of the principle
on which the Committee on Commerce acted.
There has been no uniformity. When we take up
this bill, we find that it does not conform to the
estimates. Here is the estimate to which we are
referred by the Senator from New Yoik. That
is $'<20,944, and the appropriation is $14,500.
When I called upon the Senator fiom Ohio in
regard to the estimates for his billy, I found that
the lull m relatic t<- which I made the inquiry
did conform to the estimates; but here there is
certainly a scaling
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time. On its pas-
sage,
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 25, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Ihunp^hhc, Roll of Ten-
nessee, [ieujcumu, Ccivs, Colhunur, Dodge, Durkee, Fossou-
don, Full, Foot, Foster, (Jeyer, Ihuian, James, Johnson,
Jones ot Iowa, Pu^h, Sebastian, ^ewaid, Stuait, Tium-
bull, Wadi\ Wellcr, Wil.-on, and Wright—&>.
JS AV\S—Bil-x-;, Bigloi,Brown,Clay, Fitzpatrick,
liouotou, lluntet, fvciaim, Keid, and Toombs—10."
So the bill was passed.
BIG SOWS BAY.
The Senate next proceeded,as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 26) for
continuing the improvement of the harbor of
Sodus bay, Wayne county, New York, on Lake
Ontario, which appropriates $10,000.
Mr. BIGGS. I'rom the reading of this bill I
find that there was an improper reference made
by the Senator from New York to the estimates
for the work just passed. I alluded, in the re-
marks I mode a little while ago, supposing that
there was but one Sodus Bay in New York, to
the estimate to which I was referred by the Sen-
ator irom New York, and that was $20,944. 1 1
find that the estimate for the bill passed just now
was not, as the Senator from New York said, at
pt'gCvMCl, but at page 377; and that was an appro-
priation for $14,GU0, while the estimate for the
won; was $2o,2GO. This bill is for Sodus Bay,
Wayne county, ^ew York, and the appropriation
is $10,000, and the estimate $20,944. If there has
been a scaling in these appropriations from the
estimates, there seems not to be a uniformity in
it, for the reason that the appropriation just
passed was $14,500, on an estimate of $25,209;
and this bill proposes an appropriation of $10,000
on an estimate of $20,944.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read a third time.
Mr. CLAY. I call for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Benjamin, Cass, Collamer, Dodge, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer. Harlan, James, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Stuait, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilson, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Bi^ler, Brown, Clay, Fitzpatrick,
Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Reid, Toombs, and Weller—11.
So the bill was passed.
OSWEGO HARBOR.
The bill (S. No. 27) for continuing the im-
provement of the harbor of Oswego, New York,
on Lake Ontario, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to appropriate
$21,000.
Air. BIGGS. I want to inquire whether I am
correct in regard to the estimate for this work at
Oswego. If I am correct there is anothervariance
of the principle on which the committee have
acted. I find in the estimates, at page 374 of
the second part of the-message and documents
for this year, that the total amount required to
complete Oswego harbor is $15,485 27. 1 wish
to inquire of the Senator from New York if that
is the estimate on which the bill is based? I un-
derstand the appropriation in the bill to be $21,000.
The total amount of the estimate is $15,485 27,
and the proposed appropriation is $21,000.
The biil was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to know whether the
Senate intend to vote any amount that is asked
without the least inquiry. The other day we
voted just as much as the estimates required.
Now, the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina rises and shows that, according to the esti-
mate, $15,000 will do the woik, and the bill is for
$21,000. Nobody seems to be concerned about
that, however. It is sufficient that the committee
recommend it, and the Senator from New York
wants it. That is sufficient to commend it. I
wish some explanation of this, or if the majority
are determined to vote everything through with-
out explanation, without a why or a wherefore,
signify it, and wc can cease to make inquiries.
Mr. CASS. I think it a very pertinent inquiry,
and the difference should be explained. Allow
me to say a word on another point; and it touches
this in some measure, and is an answer to the
inquiry of the Senator from North Carolina. An
engineer, going to survey a harbor, says it will
cost one hundred and fifty thousand dollars, or
two hundred thousand dollars. That is his esti-
mate; but the annual appropriation—how much
Congress may choose to appropriate—neither he
nor the Department is responsible for. If you go
back for years, you will find that Congress
appropriates at its pleasure, under the advice of
its committee, in reference to the fiscal state of
the country. The Department may say the work
will cost so much, and the estimate is proper; but
Congress may not agree with the Department as
to the amount to be appropriated for a given year.
It has been apt to reduce the amounts, time and
time again, and sometimes to increase them; but
not to go beyond the estimates of the officers,
unless in extreme cases. I can understand the
reason why Congress may reduce an appropria-
tion this year or the next, depending on the '
financial state of the country, and other consid-
erations; but I cannot myself vote for an appro-
priation increasing the estimate, without some
reason bein^ given why it is increased.
Mr. S15WARD. The statement which the
honorable Senator makes is correct. The estimate
which was before me when this bill was diawn
was the old estimate, and I had not before me at
that time this last estimate, which is the sum de-
sired by the engineers for the purpose of com-
pleting the present work. I am content that the
bill should be amended, and 1 move to amend it
by inserting the amount of the estimate. I move
to strike out "$21,000," and insert " $15,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIGGS. I will make a single remark in
reference to what has been said by the honorable
Senator from Michigan. Other bills, if I under-
stand them correctly, were for improving harbors,
and were less than the estimates. This is entirely
different; and the reason why 1 made an inquiry
of the committee was, that I apprehend they ought
to have some rule. If they will not make an
appropriation of the whole amount of the esti-
mates for completing a harbor, as were the cases
which we passed before—one $25,000 and the
other $20,000—they ought to have some rule in
regard to the amount to be appropriated for this
year. In two cases, where the appropriations were
$14,000 and $10,000, the estimates were $25,000
and $20,000. Now, this is a bill for continuing
an improvement, and the estimate for its comple-
tion is $15,000. The appropriation is now re-
duced from $21,000 to $15,000, but the bill is
for "continuing" the improvement of this har-
bor.
Mr. CASS. I think that, if the estimate is for
completing the work, and the sum named in the
bill is the amount of the estimate, it ought to say,
' 4 for completing.''
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to that
amendment.
Mr. CASS. I will renew what I said before to
the Senator from North Carolina: for the esti-
mate the engineer and the War Department are
responsible; but neither the engineer, nor the War
Department, is responsible for the number of
years over which the amount of that estimate may
be spread. It is a matter discretionary with
Congress whether we choose to make the work
in one year or a hundred years. To make an
appropriation less than the engineer's estimate
calls for, is a matter that may be done any day,
but an increased appropriation ought to be cau-
tiously made, and fully explained. As to any
rule of which the Senator speaks, I do not know
that th?ro is any rigid one. It must be left to the
committee and members generally, as to how
much, and what, ought to be appropriated in a
given year. Something depends on the necessity
of the case, and the exposure of commerce to the
winds, and other things. For instance, the Del-
aware breakwater is of vast importance to the
whole country, and should be completed soon;
but other works may be delayed.
Mr. BIGGS. I understand that, and therefore
my attention was directed to this point. Wc
have a committee whose duty it is to investigate
the matter; but they have reported bills as re-
ferred to them, without investigating these ques-
tions. In sorne of them the appropriations are
for $10,000, when the estimates are for $20,000;
and in another case the appropriation is $14,000
when there are estimates for $25,000. Here
there is an appropriation reported of $21,000,
when the estimate is only $15,000. I have great
confidence usually in the committees of the Sen-
ate. I have to rely, particularly in regard to
matters of this kind, which I cannot investigate
myself, upon the action of the committees. The
opinion of the Committee on Commerce,in some
of these cases, seems to have been that the,
amount estimated was three times as much as
was necessary. Then when we come to the other
appropriations, we find that they do not confine
themselves to any particular rule in regard to
continuing the improvements, and when we come
to a case where there is a proposition to com-
plete a work, they report an appropriation for
$21,000, where the estimate is only $15,000.
Mr. CLAY. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the word " continuing," and insert-
ing e< completing."
Mr. SEWARD. I accept the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I move this further amendment:
Prodded, Said sum be found sufficient to complete said
work, but otherwise no part of said buiu shall be drawn
from the Treasury.
Mr. SEWARD. I have no objection to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time; on its pas-
sage,
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays,
