Senate.
Our Relations with England—Mr. Brown.
940
34th Gong....1st Sess.
the machinery first put in operation is sull at worn, ana is
Still managed by British ftuicuonanes. ^ t
« As'recraitinc for the British army, in the mode alluded
to iTftiUOTMMUted in the United States by officers and
for that purpose, the President instructs
vi™to sav to her Majesty's Government, that he expects it
Ske prompt andJ effective measures to arrest their pro-
T21!.£L Md to discharge from service those persons now
touX were enlisted within the United States, or who
left the United States under contracts made here to enter
and serve as soldiers in the British army."
Will any one pretend that this was more than
meager justice for the wrongs we had received.
Complaint after complaint had been made, assur-
ance after assurance nad been given that the Gov-
ernment had full information as to the unlawful
acts of British officers and agents; and yet all that
is asked is the smallest measure of justice, ana
even this is superciliously, if not insultingly,
dCThe note of the 15th of July was not acted upon
by Mr. Buchanan, for the reason as he explains
in a note to Mr. Marcy, under date of October
50th. He says:
«I had, previously to its arrival, transmitted to you acopy
of Lord Clarendon's note, already referred to, of the 16th of
July, on the subject of the enlistment and employment of
soldiers for the British army within our limits, and haa in-
' formed his lordship, in acknowledging the receipt of this
note, that I should have much satisfaction in transmitting a
copy of it to the Secretary of State. Of course it would
have been improper for me to take any new step in this
matter until I should learn whether this note would prove
satisfactory to yourself."
Now let us see what impression this note pro-
duced on the mind of the American Minister; and
whether it is different from that which would be
produced on the mind of any one who read it
until he examined the residue of the correspond-
ence. Mr. Buchanan says:
h The general tenor of this note—its disavowals and its
regret—were certainly conciliatory, and the concluding
paragraph, declaring that all proceedings for enlistment m
North America had been pot an end to by her Majesty's
Government, for the avowed reason that the advantages
which her Majesty'* service might derive from such enlist-
ments would not b« sought for by her Majesty's Govern-
ment, if it were supposed to be obtained in disregard of the
respect due to the laws of the United States, was highly
satisfactory. It was for these reasons that I expressed the
satisfaction I Would have in communicating it to you."
* * * * ******
«I Can assure yon, that I did not entertain the most re-
mote idea that this question had not been satisfactorily ad-
justed until I learned the complicity of Mr. Cralapton in
the affair. This was officially communicated to me in your
dispatch, No. 107, of the 8th, received on the 24th of Sep-
tember." .
i think no one can read this dispatch without
coming to the same conclusion at which I have
arrived—that it was designed by the British Gov-
ernment for no other purpose than to put our
Government off its guard, Repeated assurances
were given by ourGovernment that the laws were
being violated, and the British Government could
have arrested that course of conduct a.t any mo-
ment when it chose to do so. To me it is a mat-
ter of very little consequence, whether the wrong
was the result of deliberate design, or of a con-
temptuous disregard of our rights. _ I believe I
would somewhat prefer, that the British Govern-
ment would directly, immediately, and purposely
insult ours, rather than shuffle us- off as a gentle-
man does a low fellow who comes to him and
calls him to account for some rude expression,
and says, " that I do aotre«oIleet that I said so,
but if I did I am sorry for it." lam not disposed
to see my Government shuffled aside so lightly
asthat.
" Thus much" adds Mr. Buchanan at the con-
clusion of his dispatch, "I have deened necessary
to place myself reetui i  curia."
It is certainly to be regretted that Mr. Buch-
anan had not at an earlier day, " Uamtd fat com-
plicity cf Mr. Crampton thi$ affmr." The mag-
nitude of the offense against our territorial sov-
ereignty would have been comprehended by him
at once, and instead of expressing the " satisfac-
tion he would have in transmitting Lord Claren?
don'si note to Mr. Marcy," he would have in-
formed .his lordship promptly that his note was
nqt satisfactory. No one can fail to see that
■While a small measure of redress might atone for
an infraction of our laws by British subjects or
■^rvjwts in subordinate positions, yet, if these
I vr  ara hrc&eiXj and th« sovereignty of the coun-
affendix to the congressional globe.
try insulted, by a Minister Plenipotentiary, it is
quite a different affair. In that case_ it becomes
a matter of the gravest moment, and is in fact the
same as if done by the sovereign herself, and re-
quires the same measure of redress.
It will therefore be seen why it was that Mr.
Marcy, in the first instance, asked but little of the
British Government, and why Mr. Buchanan may
I have thought all had been obtained that the case
■ required. Neitherof them knew of Mr. Cramp-
S ton's connection with this business. Mr. Marcy
| was slow to believe in his complicity, and never
j ventured to eharge it upon him until the 5th of
September; and Mr. Buchanan knew nothing of
it until the receipt of the dispatch of September
8th, which was received by him in London on
the 24th of that month.
From this date the whole case assumed a dif-
ferent and graver aspect. Instead of being ad-
justed, as was hoped by Mr. Buchanan, and, I
may add by all our countrymen, it grew into a
question of the gravest national importance.
About this time—to wit, on the 21st of Sep-
tember—the trial of Hertz commenced at Phila-
delphia, and resulted in his conviction on the
28th of that month. On this trial the Government
presented the evidence on which it mainly relied
to prove Mr. Crampton's complicity; and I un-
dertake to say no one can read it without bemg
satisfied that the British Minister was the prime
mover, chief instigator, the head and front of the
whole offending; and, moreover, that the declara-
tion so imposingly put forth by Lord Clarendon,
that " no evidence can be found to establish any
well-founded charge against her Majesty's ser-
vants," is shown to have been utterly fallacious.
The petulant manner in which Lord Clarendon
met the demand for explanations, redress, and
satisfaction for these serious offenses has already
been noticed in my brief comments on his ill-
tempered note of the 27th of September, to Mr.
Buchanan; I may have occasion to advert to that
note again.
After the delivery of Mr. Marcy s fiote of the
18th of October, in which he so effectually dis-
poses of his lordship's sophistry, and So point-
edly, yet quietly, rebukes his ill-temper, his lord-
ship appears to have seen with a clearer vision,
and in fact, to have been aroused to a conscious-
ness of the importance of the issue between the
two Governments. .
It is indeed refreshing to wifeless the improved
temper of his next dispatch, bearing date Novem-
ber 16. After sundry conciliatory expressions,
and a distinct recognition of the two grounds of
complaint against her Majesty's officers and
agents—to wit, that they have infringed our laws,
and, besides, violated our sovereign territorial
rights—he says:
" Now, Willi respect to both these charges, I have to ob-
serve that the information possessed by her Majesty's Gov-
ernment is imperfect, and that none of a definite character,
has been supplied by the dispatches of Mr. Marcy, inas-
much as no individual British officer or agent is naihed,
and my particular fact, or time, or place is stated; andit is
therefore impossible at the present to know either.«Ao  >
accused by Mr. Marcy, or w/mt-is the charge he makes, or
what is the -evidence on which he tntends to rely.
" Her Majesty's Government have no means of knowing «mo
are the person) really indicated by the general words < officers
and agents of her Majesty's Governmentwhether such
persons as those who [have] been under trial are the only
persons meant to be charged, or, if not, who else is to be
included, ot what evidence agccfn&t them is relied upon by the
United States Government."
This language is cautious enough, biit its_ sin-
cerity may well be questioned. " No individual
officer or agent is named," says: his lordship;
we " have no means of knowing who are the per-
sons really indicated," or " what evidence against
them is relied on," asc. It would hardly be be-
lieved, by one who had not read the preceding
correspondence, that, at, the very moment of wri-
ting this note, Lord Clarendon was in possession;
of Mr. Marcy's letter to Mr. Crampton, in which
he accuses that officer in these words: " The
President perceives, with much- regret, that the
disclosures implicate tou in?these proceedings."
* * * * << The information in his posses-
sion does not allow him t® doubt," &c. yVill it
be believed that he was ignorant of'' the evidence
relied on" by this Government, when it is known
that Mr. Buchanan had furnished him a copy of
the evidence taken' on the trial of Hertz, and
which evidence clearly implicated Mr. Crampton*
and Consuls Rowecroft, Barclay, and Matthew,
together with other officers or agents of her Majes-
ty s Government? Mr. Buchanan says, in ^dis-
patch dated November 2, that the testimony of the
witness Strobel " was confirmed by several docu-
ments implicating Mr. Crampton, which had been
given in evidence on the trial of Hertz. I told
him he would see this on a perusal of the trial it-
self, of which I gave him a copy."
His lordship further says, the "violation of the
sovereign territorial rights of the United States'
alleged is the recruiting within the United States;
but to assume that there was in fact any such re-
cruiting (that is, hiring or retaining by British
officers) is to beg the question; and this he says
in the face of the fact that Hertz had been con-
victed before and sentenced by Judge Kane, the
very judge on whose exposition of the law he
had relied with so much confidence in another
dispatch. Hertz was not technically an officer,
it is true, but he was an agent of her Majesty, and
he was acting under the advice and auspices of
her Majesty's Minister Plenipotentiary, John F.
Crampton; and Lord Clarendon knew it when he
wrote this note of November 16.
His lordship mentions, rather depreciatingly,
that " Mr. Marcy cites no authority for the posi-
tions he assumes," and he declares that " high
authority might be quoted directly adverse;" but
it is noticeable that his lordship cites no authority
for his opinion. Before this he will have learned
that Mr. Marcy is sustained by most of the emi-
nent writers on international law. It is but just
to allow the Secretary of State to speak for him-
self on this point. After restating his positions,
and adverting to the fact that it has been contro-
verted by Lord Clarendon, he says:
" This, as a rule of international law, Was considered so
well settled that it was not deemed necessary to invoke the
authority of publicists to support it. i am not aware that
any modern writer on international law has questioned its
soundness. As this important principle is controverted by
Lord Clarendon, and as its maintenance is fetal to his de-
fense of British recruiting here, I propose to establish it by
a reference to a few elementary writers of eminence upon
the law of nations:
"' Sinee a right of raising soldiers is a right of majesty
' which cannot be violated by a foreign nation, it is not
' permitted to raise soldiers on the territory of another with
' oat the consent of ita sovereign.'— Wolfius.
" Vattel says that— ....
" «The man who undertakes to enlist soldiers in a foreign
' country, without the sovereign's permission, and, in gen-
' erai, whoever entices away the subjects of another State,
«violates one of the most sacred rights of the prince and the
" He designates the crime by harsher names than t choose
to use, which, as he says, • is punished with the utmost
      —ii snoto > Vattel further ob-
severity in every well-regulated State.'
serves that—
" «It is not presumed that their sovereign has ordered
' them (foreign recruiters) to commit a crime; and suppo-
' sing, even, that they had received such an order, they
' ought not to have obeyed it j their sovereign having no
' right to command what is contrary to the law of nature.'
« HautefeurHe, a modern French author of lhuch repute,
regards,permission—and acquiescence implies permission—
by a neutral Power to one belligerent, though ejtended to
both, tp raise recruits in its territories, unless it was allowed
in peace, to be an Act of bad faith, which compromits its
n&tealiiy. , ,
" There can be no well-founded distinction, m. the rule of
intematianallaw, hetween raising soldiers for a belligerent's
army and sailors for Its navy within a neutral country.
Hautefeuille says,:
"'The neutral sovereign is under obligation to prohibit
< and prevent all levying of sailors upon its territory for th 
' service of the belligerents.'
" Again he says:
The neutral must prohibit, in an absolute manner, the
' levying of sailors upon its territory to complete a ship's
' company reduced by combat, or any other cause.
"' The prohibition to engage'sailors on the territory of a,
' pacific prince must extend to foreigners who are foiind in
' the ports of his jurisdibtioli, and evwn tothose who belong
< (o the belligerent nation owning the vessel that wishes tcr
' complete its crew or ship's company.'
** Reference to other writeife might be Made' to sustain the
position contended for by this Government? and to over-
throw that advanced by &wd Clarenek*K butithe authority
of those presented is deemed sufficient for that purpose."
Whether Lord Clarendon will be able to cite
authority so directly in point to sustain his denial
of Mr. Marcy's position, remains to be seen.
There is- a passage towards the close of Lord
Clarendon's dispatch, which I introduce for the
purpose of expressing my unqualified, approval
of the sentiment it contains, and to say that I,
in common with the whole American people, as I
firmly believe, regret, deeply regret, that the same
spirit had not animated the whole of her Britannic
Majesty's officers, agents, and subjects, at homo
ana abroad, from the commencement of thia busi-
