@76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 18,
-fit to use it. For two years past, therefore, we
hare placed on these limitations and restrictions,
with a view of saying to the Secretary, " Thus
far shall you go and-no further."
The question was taken on Mr. Hayen's i
amendment; and it was agreed to. j
Mr. WASHBURNE, of lllmois. I offer the
following amendment, to come in after the word
" appropriated," in the two hundred and ninety-
first line:
And for completing the marine hospital at Galena,
Illinois, {§95,000, in addition to the amount already appro-
priated, together with a sufficient &um to purchase the site
for the said hospital.
In reference to this amendment, Mr. Chairman,
I repeat what I said when I was up before, that
there was an appropriation of $15,000 made for
building this hospital at Galena. That appropri-
ation was considered not sufficient, and the
amount which I have specified in my amendment
is in accordance with a communication addressed
to me by the Secretary of the Treasury, and
which has been printed. He states that that sum
is necessary for the completion of that work,
together with a sufficient amount to purchase the
site. Now, I am perfectly willing that, with the
adoption of the amendment which 1 have intro-
duced, the Senate amendment shall bo adopted
by this committee. They both stand on the
same footing. And I will say to my friend from
Florida, that the reason why 1 oppose his amend-
ment is, that the Senate have stricken down an
amendment of precisely the same character, and
" what is sauce for the goose is sauce for the
gander."
Mr. YALK. I want to inquire of the gentle-
man from Illinois what is a sufficient amount for
the purchase of this site?
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will answer the gen-
tleman from New York. In regard to this mat-
ter, I follow very nearly the language of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who does not mention
any definite amount as being necossary to pur-
chase the site.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
hold that this amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois is out of order. It should have been so
ruled whew it was offered by the gentleman, and
would have been so ruled, but the Chair disliked
to inteirupt the gentleman after he had com-
menced his remarks. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. On what ground ?
The CHAIRMAN. On the ground that it
contemplates an original appropriation, and not
to supply a deficiency, and that it is not proper
as an amendment to the Senate amendment.
The question was taken on the Senate, amend-
ment as amended; and it was non-concurred in.
The fifty-first amendment of the Senate was
then reported, as follows:
■Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the joint resolu-
tion of Congress " to ii\ the compensation oi the employes
m the legislative depaitmont oi the Government, and to
prohibit the allowance of the UMi.ii evti.i compensation to
such us leceive the benefits theioot/* appioved the ^Otli of
July, 1854, and the provision ui the aci oi' 3d March, 1855,
winch authonzes the application ot the benefits of said res
olution to apply to the libiauati, and assistants., and mes-
senger, in the library of C'ongiess, be so construed as to
allow them twenty per centum upon the compensation pio-
vided by the seventh section of the act of 4th August, 18.) J,
making appiopnations for the civil and diplomatic expenses j
of Government; and the said joint l evolution shall not be
confined to apply to the public puntei for either bianch of
Congress; and that so much of the act appioved the 3d ot
March, 185o, as requires all blank book«, binding, and luling
for the several Executive Oepaitmcnts, shall be furnished
under the dneetion and supei vision of the Superintendent
of Public Punting be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to strike out all of the
amendment except the first two lines; and I do
it simply to afford me an opportunity of explain-
ing the action of the Committee of Ways and
Means. Our committee recommend a non-con-
currence in the amendment. It has been our desire
and our endeavor to avoid all general legislation
in the appropriation bills, and to make them as '
nearly as possible what they purport to be, siiu- ,
ply bills making appropriations for carrying on
the Government, and for carrying out existing
laws. °
This item embraces two or three distinct sub-
jects; one is in relation to the compensation of
the librarian of Congress, and the assistants and
messenger under him; another is in reference to
the extra compensation of the public printer;
another is to change the law in relation to the
public printing. It is proposed to repeal a certain
law directing that blank books shall be furnished
under the direction of the Superintendent of
nublic printing. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment, on the ground that it is introducing
general legislation into an appropriation bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to inquire of
the gentleman from Missouri whether the con-
struction of the Department has not made the act
of 1854, giving extra compensation to the em-
ployes in the legislative department, apply to the
public printer?
Mr. PHELPS. My impression is, that the
Secretary of the Treasury ruled otherwise; but
if I am not mistaken, the Court of Claims have
lately rendered a decision, reversing, so far as
their action goes, the decision of the Secretary of
the Treasury. I presume it is this to which the
gentleman from Arkansas alludes. The public
printer, during the last Congress, claimed that
the twenty per cent, extra compensation givon
under the act of April, 1854—I think it was—
applied to him. The Secretary of the Treasury
ruled that he was not entitled to that compensa-
tion, but I understand that his claim has recently
been presented to the Court of Claims, and that
that court has decided that he was entitled to the
twenty per cent, extra compensation.
Mr. HAVEN. Whatever becomes of the bal-
ance of the amendment, I hope that part of it which
relates to the public printer will be retained.
Mr. RITCHIE. 1 will state for the benefit of
the gentleman from Arkansas, that the public
printer did apply to the Court of Claims to have
this twenty per cent, allowed him. The court
decided that he was entitled to twenty per cent,
extra compensation. But the point still remained
as to whether he was entitled to twenty percent
upon the entire amount paid under his contract,
or whether he was only entitled to twenty per
cent, upon the actual profits. They decided the
first point in the affirmative, but the latter has not
been acted upon.
Mr. GREENWOOD. That is the information
I wished to obtain. I knew that some action had
been taken, but I did not understand precisely
what.
Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. PETT1T. The amendment to which the
Committee of Ways and Means have recom-
mended a non-concurrence, emanated from the
distinguished Senator who is chairman of the
Joint Committee on the Library.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order for the
gentleman from Indiana to address the commit-
tee, unless he proposes an amendment.
Mr. PETTLT. I move then to amend by
striking out all after the fifteenth line, so that the
amendment will read, as follows:
Si:c. 2. Andbeit further cnacterl, That thejoint resolu-
tion of Countess •• to fi.\ the compensation or the employes
m the legislative depaifment ot the Government, and to
piolubit the allowance of the u^ual extia compensation to
-uch as leceive tiie benefits thereof," approved the -20th of
July, 1854, and the piovision in the act of 3d March. 1855,
which authonzes the application of the benefits? of said
resolution to apply to the Librarian, and assistants, and
messenger m the library of Congress, be so construed as to
allow them twenty per cent, upon the compensation pro-
vided by the seventh section of the act of 4th August, 1854,
making appropriations lor the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government. «
And I submit this amendment, not more for the
purpose of being able to indicate the purpose of
the Senate in adding the pending amendment of
the Senate to this bill, than that the amendment
I now propose, will, at least, so far be agreeable
to the Committee of Ways and Means of this
House.
I was proceeding to say that this provision
proceeded from, and is now recommended by, the
whole Joint Committee on the Library, and I am
requested to urge it on the favorable consideration
of the committee; both from its obvious justice,
and because it asserts, in words, the spirit of the
present law. It has its proper place, here, in a
deficiency bill, and its only proper place is here,
because it relates to the settlement of accounts of
a past year, created in the current business of an
established office, and under the legislation of a
preceding Congress, which attempted to accom-
plish what this provision accomplishes; but under
the decision of the Comptroller of the Treasury,
further legislation has been rendered necessary.
But no further appropriation, however, is neces-
sary. The law of last year made an appropria-
tion, yet unexpended, intended for, and entirely
adequate to the purpose now contemplated. This
amendment has, then, principally for its object,
to declare the effect of an existing law.
By the laws existing prior to 1854, the Libra-
rian ofCongress received a compensation of §1,400
a year; his assistants a compensation of $1,150
each,and his messenger $800. In consequence of
the greatly increased expenses of living in Wash-
ington, it was then deemed just and proper to
increase the compensation of the subordinate
employes of the Government by twenty per cent.
This was accomplished by the joint resolution
of June 20, 1854, providing for "An increased
compensation of twenty per cent, in favor of the
officers, clerks, messengers, and other employes
in the legislative department of the Government,
on the compensation then received by them,
respectively." A similar provision embraced
some, but not all, of the subordinates of the exec-
utive department. It was fairly to be presumed
that the librarian and his assistants—a no less
•meritorious class of officers, and under the exi-
gency of the same circumstances—were embraced
m the comprehensive term "employes in the legis-
lative department of the Government,"—for tnis,
though officially questioned, seems to be their
true relation and character. The principal is, by
his official title, the Librarian of Congress; and he
no nune becomes an executive officer, in conse-
quence of deriving his appointment from the
Executive, than a judge appointed to fill a vacancy
would, for the same reason, exist in office as an
executive, and not a judicial officer. His quality
of office can only be determined, not by the
source of appointment, but by the functions he
exercises.
.By the joint resolution, then, of July, 1854,
with the same force of reasoning, and from the
same necessity, the librarian, his assistants and
messenger, were entitled to the current salaries
and twenty per cent, added. But afterwards,
during the same session of Congress, the Library
Committee, in consideration that the services of
all the officers connected with the library were
required, without rest or intermission, during the
entire year, the large trust reposed in putting
under their control the greatest scientific and lit-
erary store-house of the nation, approaching, in
commercial value, a quarter of a million of dollars;
but m other respects of a value that commercial
words do not express, and in consideration of the
fact that these officeis, to be up to their duties,
ought to be well versed in science, the languages,
and belles letters > and thattheirintimate knowledgo
of the library made their services indispensable
during its reconstruction after the fire, and with
the purpose of putting them on the grade of clerks
in the Senate and House, recommended an in-
crease of their salaries. This induced the seventh
section of the general appropriation law of August
4, 1854, which made the salary of the librarian
$1,800, of the assistants §1,500 each, and of the
messenger $1,200.
It was intended and understood by the com-
mittee that the act of July, 1854, granting the
increase of twenty per cent., would be applied to
their salaries, and thus, in compensation, these
officers would take the grade intended for them.
The faithful Comptroller of the Treasury, Mr.
Whittlesey, decided, however, otherwise: that
their salaries were fixed by the act of August,
1854, absolutely, and that no per cent, was to be
computed. But he also decided that, as this act
was passed subsequently to the 30th June, the
commencement of the fiscal year, no computa-
tion under either law could be made for the inter-
val, up to August 4, for want of a specific appro-
priation. For this period the accounts of these
officers are unsettled, and makes an abundant
reason for embracing our action cn the subject in
the deficiency bill.
I do not attempt to struggle against this first
construction of the Comptroller of the Treasury,
although in fact, at least with great deference to
the opinions of that officer, I esteem it invalid.
But in order to correct this evident lapse and fault
of the law, and to overcome this construction,
the Library Committee, which has very properly
initiated and conducted legislation on this subject,
recommended an amendment in which Congress
