1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
241
34th Cong.,.. 1st Sess.
Our Relations with England—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
ness. It would have saved a deal of trouble.
This ia the passage:
"The foregoing acts and considerations, which demon-
strate that no offense to the United States was offered or
contemplated by her Majesty's Government, may, perhaps,
have weight with Mr. Marcy, if the matter at issue is to be
cettled in s manner becoming the Governments of Great
Britain and the United States, and with a deep sense of the
responsibility which weighs on them to maintain, uninter-
rupted and unshaken, the relations of friendship which now
exist between the two countries; and her Majesty's Gov-
ernment, fully reciprocating the feelings ofthe United States
Government, expressed in Mr. Marcy's dispatch, with re-
gard to the many ties and sympathies which connect to-
gether the people of the two countries, do not permit them-
selves to doubt that such further discussions as may take
place on this question will be conducted in a spirit of con-
ciliation."
To all of that I utter a hearty Amekt.
To this dispatch of November 16, Mr. Marcy
replies on the 28th of December in one of those
masterly notes which a great mind produces only
on great occasions. If the American Secretary
had written nothing else, he might well rest his
hopes of future fame on this letter. It is clear,
distinct, and unmistakable in its positions, co-
gent and conclusive in its arguments, and pow-
erfully overwhelming in its conclusions. The
British Secretary is left not one inch of ground
to stand on; and the complicity of Mr. Crampton,
and other British officials, with the transaction in
question, is demonstrated to a mathematical cer-
tainty. If they are not guilty they are the most
unfortunate men alive. Other men, (worse men
of course,) have been convicted and punished on
weaker testimony.
I have not time to present the strong points of
this paper, and I will not mar it by taking short
extracts. No one desirous of reaching the kernel
of this dispute should fail to read it carefully. It
concludes as it should, with a firm demand on
the British Government to recall Mr. Crampton,
and Consuls Rowecroft, Matthew, and Barclay,
her Britannic Majesty's consuls at Cincinnati,
Philadelphia, and New York.
I have now, Mr. President, run hastily through
this correspondence, saving only the concluding
note of Mr. Buchanan, written on the 1st of Feb-
ruary of this year, to which I need not refer for
any purpose connected with this debate. The
conclusions to which my mind has arrived are
briefly these:
1. That the United States met the proposition
of the British Government for strict neutrality
in a spirit of generous confidence, promising that
" no Russian privateer should be equipped, or
victualed, or admitted, with its prizes, in our
ports;"and the United States has rigidly kept her
faith.
2. That the British Government—the first to
ask neutrality—was the first to violate our laws
of neutrality; and while for her own safety she was
quick to place us under pledges not to counte-
nance Russia, she was just as quick to invade our
soil with a recruiting force, to violate our laws,
infringe our rights of territorial sovereignty, and
put at hazard our peace with a friendly Power.
3. When called on for an explanation of her
conduct in this regard, she denied, through her
Secretary for Foreign Affairs, all complicity on the
part of her officers and servants in these proceed-
ings. She undertook to set our laws at defiance
by asserting that her Majesty's Government had
"an incontestable right" to "appoint a place
within her Majesty's dominions, to which recruits
might be drawn from the United States to fill her
Majesty's armies;" knowing at the time she took
this position, that our laws made it a high misde-
meanor for any person to hire another to " go be-
yond the limits of the United States with the intent
of being enlisted in the service of any foreign State."
4. That Lord Clarendon undertook the defense
and justification of " her Majesty's officers and
servants," for this purpose citing as authority
Judge Kane's opinion on the hearing of Hertz's
case on a habeas corpus; misquoting the learned
judge, and wholly omitting then, or at any other
time thereafter, to mention the fact that Hertz
had been convicted before, and sentenced by the
same judge. The conviction of Hertz proved
that tne law had been violated; and the justice of
that conviction was placed beyond dispute by
the fact that, according to Lord Clarendon, Judge
Kane rightly expounded the law. The compli-
New Series—No. 16
city of her Majesty's officers and servants is more
clearly demonstrated by the evidence in Hertz's
case, than is the guilt of Hertz. If he violated
the law, they hired him to do it.
5. While Lord Clarendon asserts that he gave
strict orders to British consuls " not to violate the
laws," and enjoined on Mr. Crampton "above
all to have no concealment from the United States
Government," he defends these parties, and un-
dertakes to justify their conduct, after it is shown
that the consuls at Cincinnati, Philadelphia, and
New York, have violated the laws, and that Mr.
Crampton was scrupulously careful to conceal
all his movements from the Government and
people of the United States, having recourse to
cypners and cabalistic characters for this pur-
pose in his telegraphic communications with his
associates.
6. That having obtained from Mr. Buchanan a
quasi acknowledgment of satisfaction, on a par-
tial understanding of the case, he undertook,
after its full development, to plead this acknowl-
edgment in bar of any further inquiry, and be-
came petulent and irrascible when he failed of his
purpose.
7. When Mr. Marcy, satisfied of Crampton's
connection with this business, charged it upon
him, he neither attempted to palliate nor deny it,
but sent home for instructions, thus virtually ac-
knowledging that he was acting under orders, and
that the Home Government must take the respons-
ibility.
8. Lord Clarendon continued to maintain that
our laws had not been violated, asserting that,
though we had resorted to despotic means to ob-
tain evidence, nothing had or could be elicited to
establish a charge against her Majesty's servants,
and this after Hertz had been convicted, and
the complicity of Crampton, Barclay, Matthew,
Rowecroft, and others, clearly demonstrated.
9. All these and other considerations, which
are developed by the testimony and the corre-
spondence, force the mind with irresistible power
to the conclusion that there has been either a
deliberate purpose to infringe our rights and vio-
late our laws, or else an insulting indifference
shown as to whether they were or were not in-
fringed and violated. That their professions of
friendship are not sincere; or, if they are, that
the British Cabinet place so low an estimate on
our dignity as a nation as to conclude that, if
they are our friends, they may treat us as they
please. Either position is inadmissible.
10. And, finally, that the President and Secre-
tary have, from the commencement, manifested
a proper American spirit, and have lived up to
the maxim of " asking for nothing but what is
right, and submitting to nothing that is wrong."
That no excuse or apology has been offered that
ought to have been accepted. That they were
right in asking the recall of the offending officers;
and if the British Cabinet refuse to recall them
they ought to dismiss them forthwith. Such, sir,
are the conclusions to which my mind has ar-
rived.
It seems to me, sir, this question may be un-
derstood by reducing it to an issue as between
private gentlemen. Let us for a moment put the
two Governments aside, and suppose the contro-
versy to exist between General Pierce and Lord
Clarendon. His lordship has personal interests
to be looked after on the estate of General Pierce,
and for that purpose he sends his private and
confidential servant. The General receives the
servant on the implied understanding that he is
to commit no trespass, nor violate in any way
the domestic regulations of the estate. In a short
time he is found taking unwarrantable liberties
with the General's property, and inciting his do-
mestics to acts of insubordination. The General
complains to his lordship, and is answered that
" stringent instructions were given to the servant
not to act improperly, and above all things not to
have any concealment from General Pierce;" and
his lordship adds, " I am sorry if anything has
been done by my servant to give offense." Will-
ing to settle the matter on easy terms, and not
understanding fully what the servant has been
doing, the General expresses a qualified satis-
faction. Soon after, he finds that his lordship's
servant, instead of discontinuing his objection-
able practices, is still actively carrying them on,
and to assure himself against detection, has re-
sorted to secret signs and "cyphers," with
which to communicate with the servants about
the premises. General Pierce calls on Lord Clar-
endon a second time, communicates these facts,
and assures him that he has abundant proof of
the continued misconduct of his servant, and
respectfully but earnestly remonstrates against
his being allowed thus to act. His lordship—in-
stead of listening to the complaint, and at once
satisfying the General of his sincere friendship,
by reprimanding or removing the obnoxious
servant—asserts that the servant has done noth-
ing but what he had the right to do; accuses the
i General of resorting to despotic measures to get
j up testimony against him; and,finally, winds up
j the whole matter by broadly intimating that, as
I the General does not keep his own domestics in
very good order, he has no right to be complain-
ing of other people's servants.
On this statement of the case what would any
fair-minded man say? Would not the univer-
sal judgment of every just man be that General
Pierce's conduct had been gentlemanly and for-
bearing, while that of Lord Clarendon had been
deceptive, haughty, supercilious, insolent, and
overbearing, and that a decent self-respect would
require the general to send the servant home with
a civil message to his master to keep him there
until they both learned better manners.
Now, if you will substitute the United States
for General Pierce, Great Britain for Lord Clar-
endon, Mr. Crampton for his lordship's confiden-
tial servant, and the people tampered with for the
domestics of General Pierce, you have this whole
enlistment imbroglio in a nutshell.
What the President means to do I am not au-
thorized to say; but if he does not give Mr.
Crampton his passports, and revoke the exequa-
tors of Consuls Matthew, Barclay, Rowcroft,
and others complicated in this business, we had
as well hang the national harp upon a willow,
and cease talking about the honor and glory of
our country. «.
In what I have felt called upon to say, Mr.
^President, it has been my purpose to speak plain-
ly—if you please, bluntly—for I am a plain/blunt
man; but it has been no part of my purpose to
incite a war spirit in the country. Next to dis-
honor, I should regard a war, and a war with
Great Britain especially, as the greatest calamity
that could befall our country. If the British Gov-
ernment is not seeking a quarrel with us we shall
have no war. We are right in the controversy;
and when Lord Clarendon and the British Cabi-
net and people see that we are in earnest, and
mean to be respected, they will do us justice,
unless they are seeking war. If, on the other
hand, Great Britain is seeking a quarrel, we may
have war. The present affords her a decent pre-
text for urging it on; and in that view of the sub-
ject the sooner matters are brought to an issue
the better.
I know not by what spirit the British Cabinet
may 'ye actuated, but on the good sense, the sound
judgment, and the interested friendship of the
British people, I have the firmest reliance. They
will make no war with us if they can help it. The
calamities to our country would be great indeed;
but the disasters to British trade, to British labor,
and to British commerce would be incalculable.
A war would stop our cotton gins, but it would
also stop her spinning jennies. If she can afford
to quit spinning cotton, we can afford to quit
j raising it. But enough of this. I hope we shall
have no war; there is not an American citizen
; who ought to desire it. I hope there are very few
who would not avoid it so long as it can be avoided
on honorable terms; nor one who would not hail
! it as a blessing, if the honor of the country re-
quired it. It is to be hoped that the British Gov-
ernment will not push this matter to the ultima
ratio of war, or submission to her will, and the
insolence of her servants. If she does, I choose
the former: the country, in my opinion, with one
voice will choose the former. It will be found
that our love of peace does not carry us to the
point of craven submission to insult; and that,
however we may differ and wrangle among our-
selves, we demand respect from strangers towards
every member of the political household. As
against a common foe we should, I am sure,
