1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
stated distinctly, on yesterday, that I never would
vote for the restoration of the Missouri compro-
mise. 1 will nevervote for a repeal of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill. Sir, if 1 were 
The CLERK, (interrupting.) Debate is out
of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Call the roll.
Mr. FAULKNER obtained the floor.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire, Mr. Clerk 
Mr. FAULKNER, (interrupting.) Have I
not. the floor, Mr. Clerk ?
The CLERK. The Clerk recognized the gen-
tleman from Virginia.
ORGANIZATION OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. FAULKNER. On the day before yes-
terday I caused to be read to the House, by the
Clerk, a resolution which I then gave notice
I would, at an early day, offer to the considera-
tion.of the House. I did not present it yesterday
because I had understood that, on the previous
night; there had been a caucus of the Republican
party—of that party which possesses the power
to organize the House, if it only desire to exer-
cise that power. And so I refrained from pre-
senting my proposition, waiting to see what the
result of the action of that party would be. I
now propose to present my proposition for the
consideration of the House. But if there be any
member on this floor having a proposition—not
before offered to and rejected by the House—
which he thinks may effect an organization, I
will not press mine, but will wait to let that mem-
ber present his. |
Mr. MACE. Will the gentleman from Vir-1
ginia yield me the floor? i
Mr. FAULKNER. I will yield the floor to |
the gentleman from Indiana, if he has a proposi- !
tion to present which he thinks may result in the j
organization of the House. I know that mine j
is an extreme measure, and one not to be resorted |
to until it appears that there is no longer a chance
to organize the House within the period fixed in
mv resolution.
Mr. MA(?E. I call upon the members of this
body to give'to mc a little earnest and anxious
attention, while I submit the proposition which
I now intend to offer. This proposition, Mr.
Clerk, is one emanating solely from my own
mind; 1 have not consulted a member on this
floor in regard to it. It was conceived bynne in
a spirit of concession; it was conceived by me
in a spirit of compromise; and I trust that the
House will accept it in that spirit.
I repeat, sir, I offer this proposition in a spirit of
compromise. I believe it ought to be adopted; and
I believe, furthermore, that it ought to be adopted
without delay. I believe it ought to be adopted
without even calling the yeas and nays, inasmuch
as it is a proposition that will, to a certain extent,
accommodate all parties and interests represented
in this House. I send the resolution to the Clerk's
table, and ask that it may be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That Nathaniel P. Bank?, Jr.. of Massachu-
setts, be, and he is hereby, dechued elected Speaker of the
Ilourc; William Cullum, Clerk; .Adam J. Glossbrunnei,
Sergeant-at-Aims; John M. Johnson, jPostmastei; and Z
W. McKnew, Doorkeepei.
Mr. MACE. Now, Mr. Clerk, I present that
resolution to the House with the simple remark,
that if it is not palatable to the House, it is not
my fault. If the House is not disposed to adopt
it, let it be so; if they are disposed to vote it down,
-let them do it. 1 will not detain them with any
remarks, but content myself with moving the pre-
vious question.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken upon Mr. Wheeler's
motion; and it was decided m the affirmative—
yeas 111, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Bajclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Hcndley S. Bennett, Boeook, Bowie, Boycc, Branch,
Broom, Bufiijurton, Burnett. Cadwalader, .John P. ('amp-
boll, Carlilc, OTinithci<. Chnsman, Howell Cobb, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Cox, Crame, Cullen. DavuKon, Dowdell,
Dunn, J3dmundsou, Ed\vaid>, Elliott, English, Etheudge,
Evans,Faulknn .Florence. Fo^tci, HenivM. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller,G]lbeit,Goode,T*i<;emvood, Augn^tu*
Ha!!, J. IVTomson Hams, Sampson \V. Hams, Thomas L.
Hams, llairieon, I-ieibert, Hickman, Houston, Jowett,
GeoigeW. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwe!),
Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lindlcv, Lumpkin. Alexander K.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Moore,
Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powefl,
Quitman,Reade, Keady, Kicaud, Richardson, Rivers, Ruf-
fin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewart,
Swope, Talbott, Taj-ior, Todd, Trippe, Underwood, Vail,
Valk, walker, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Whitney, Wil-
liams, WinsJow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and
Zollicoffer—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Burlingame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chaffise, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Cragin, Cumback,
Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Emne, Foster, Galloway, Gid-
dings, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Ilolloway, Thomas R. Nor-
ton,Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Mace, Matte-
son, McCarty, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Nichols, Norton,
Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Pi ingle,
Purviance, Ritchie, Robbing, Robeita, Sabni, Sage, Sapp,
Sherman, Simmons!, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tap-
pan, Thoungton, Thurston, Tralton, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbrjdge, Waidion, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhbu
B. Washburne, Israel Wayhbuin, Watson, Welch, Wood,
Woodiuff, and Woodworth—90.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BALL stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Denver.
Mr. GROW stated that his colleague, Mr.
Tyson, had paired off with his colleague, Mr.
Millward. * J
THE PLURALITY RULE. V
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the plurality resolution was yesterday laid upon
tke table. I have made this motion, Mr. Clerk,
for the purpose of availing myself of the oppor-
tunity of placing before the House, at least, my
own views of the responsibility for the condition
in which we are placed. I am induced to do this
not only from the observations that have been
made by gentlemen on all sides of the House,
but from the tone of the public press, which
seems to heap censures indiscriminately upon all
parties and all the members of the House.
Mr. Clerk, I think it is unjust; I believe the
men with whom 1 act stand acquitted, according
to the former practice of this body, and according
to the right view of the question. We have but
one precedent in the history of tin* Government
for oui piescntguidance. In 1849 this body found
itself m the same condition for three weeks, that
it now finds itself during almost seven weeks.
There were then, as now, three parties in the
House. No one party had sufficient numbers to
decide an election. No one party now has suf-
ficient numbers to elect. We stand precisely
now where we stood in 18-19. Now, sir, in that
position of the Government, the two great eon-
tending parties 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. "I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I want to know if the g< ntlcmin
from Ohio voted with the majority upon the mo-
tion to lay upon the table the resolution which
he now moves to reconsider5
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is too late to raise that
question now. I cannot be interrupted.
Mr. JONES. No, sir, it is not too late. If
the" gentleman did not vote with the majority, he
has no light to move to reconsider.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Well, sir, I offer that res-
olution os a new proposition. 3 move the adop-
tion of the resolution which was rejected yester-
day.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman may move to
toko up from the table the resolution referred to
by him, but the motion is not debatable.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not want to answer
the gentleman. I stand before the House, and
I must proceed in the ten minutes allotted to me.
And let me say, that 1 do not blame the gentle-
man upon the opposite side of the House [Mr.
Jones] for rising to a question of oidcr. He
then stood with the party which established a
precedent which shall go down, in all time, to the
condemnation of his party. I mean, that under
the circumstances, the Democratic party, as a
party, in its caucus, speaking by a party organ,
then declared the plurality rule to be the proper
and only rule which could be adopted for the or-
ganization of the House.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Clerk, the gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. GIDDINGS. No, sir; I stand upon the
record. 1 have the record before me, and the
gentleman must contradict that before he contra-
dicts me. I will read for his edification. Sir,while
the gentleman who now says I am mistaken—a
member of the Democratic party of the House—,
sat in his seat, another distinguished member of
that party, in his presence, rose $nd said to the
House, that he ** desired to present a proposition
to the House. He presumed that, under the rule
which has been adopted, it would "not be in order
to debate it. He would, however, be permitted to
say, that it was a proposition known to have been
presented on the part of the committee appointed
by the Whig caucus to confer with a similar com-
mittee appointed by the Democratic caucus." He
then proceeded to offer the resolution; which was
adopted. #
Mr, COBB. Mr. Clerk 
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 will not be interrupted.
The gentleman may have ten minutes when I am
done.
Mr. COBB. Very well; I will put you right.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Very well. After that
proceeding, the resolution was adopted. I read
from the Congressional Globe:
" The Iloifc had now," says the record, " reached the
contingency contemplated m the proposition of Mr. Stan-
ton. It had exhausted the three votmg.s therein provided
for, without a result, undh.id arrived .it that point where, in
fulfillment of an agreement entered into between the two
parties, a Speaker was to be elected by a pluiality vote."
Here, sir, stands the record. Let not gentlemen
contradict me, but come up to the work and read
the record. Now, sir, we stand precisely where
wc then stood. I do not know the number of
times that we, on this side of the House, have
endeavored to follow this established precedent
that was then adopted. It was adopted by gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, and under
it the gentleman fron^Georgia [Mr. Cobb] him-
self was exalted to that chair. He and his party
received th< benefit. The country has approved
the precedent; and we stand here to-chiy ready
to cairy out, upon the part of the Republicans
of the House, that precedent. I believe 1 can
speak for that party, so far as this matter is con-
cerned. The Republican party stand ready to
carry out that precedent now, as they have been
every day since the commencement of the session.
I am reminded, by a gentleman near me, that
the same thing lias been done in the Legislature
of Now York. I am aware of that, and so is
every gentleman in this Hall; and, sir, this whole
country is aware that this body cannot be organ-
ized upon any other principle; it is a matter of
necessity. The Administration party, sir, while
they arc calling upon us—with war impending
over us, the President threatening to involve the
nation in hostilities if this body continue unor-
ganized—fall back from their fonner position;
they lefuse to follow the precedent they them-
selves established in 1819; they refuse to stand
by the principle which they then declared to be
the only just principle that could be adopted under
the circumstances. Now, sir, before the country,
before this House, I tender to them that principle
—their own policy; and to this House and the
country I say, that the Republicans stand ready
to adopt the rule which'was adopted in 1849, and
which has since been approved by the country.
And to gentlemen upon the opposite side of the
House, who are threatening a dissolution of t'he
Union because of this disorganized condition, I
say, gentlemen, follow out your own policy and
we will save the Union. It is m vain for gentle-
men to urge that they are now in the minority,
whereas they were in the majority in 1849. Sir,
" men change—principles never." And now,sir,
I again repeat, that the Republicans stand upon
the great principle which was avowed by both
of the great parties—which was then proclaimed
by both parties Whigs and Democrats. And if
gentlemen on the opposite side of the House are not
willing to accept that, so far as I am concerned—
I speak for nobody eKe—1 shall stand here some
days before 1 recede from that position.
Air. COBB, of Georgia. Mr. CJerk, while the
gentleman from Ohio was proceeding, I corrected
him in a statement of fact. I rise now for the
purpose of putting that statement correctly before
theeountry in connection with his remarks. He
stated that the Democratic paityhad, in 1849,
adopted the plurality resolution. He says that
i that party, as a party, adopted that resolution in
caucus. The truth m reference to that matter is
; simply this: tho plurality rule was adopted in
