1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1851
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 24, nays 8; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bp)! of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
ne^oe, Benjamin, Bright, Cass, Collamer, Dodge, Durkee,
Fessenden, IVh, Foot, Foster, Geyer, James, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward. Stuart, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilson, and Wright—24.
NAY S—M essrs. Biggs, Brown, Clay, Fitzpatrick, Hunter,
Ivers-on, Reid, and Toombs~8.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CLAY. 1 move to amend the title, by
striking out the word " continuing"and inserting
" completing."
The amendment was agreed to.
STEAM DREDGE ON LAKE ONTARIO.
The Senate next proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of* the Whole, the bill (S. No. 28)
making an appropriation for a steam dredge on
Lake Ontario. The sum appropriated is $7,500
for the current expenses of the steam dredge.
Mr. HUNTER,. Where is this dredge to be
used, and for what purposes?
Mr. SEWARD. I will inform the honorable
Senator, that by a report made from the War
Department, dated 23d of January, 1855, the in-
formation is given that—
"There aie on the lakes, belonging to the Government,
five dredge-boats and a large number of scows. One is at
the St. Clair flats—it may be used also for the entrance of
Clinton river—one for Lake Champlam, one tor Lake On-
tario, one for Lake Erie, and one for Lake Michigan. The
cost of woi king each steam-dredge on the lakes is> estimated
at $7,001) per annum."
Then there are on the principal rivers two steam
dredge-boats.. This report contains an estimate
for each dredge-boat, and this appropriation is
according to the amount estimated as the annual
sum necessary for keeping up the dredge.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. CLAY. On that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 23, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.. Bell of New Hampshire, Benjamin,
Ca>s, ton, Collannu, Crittenden, Dodge, Durkee, Te-*-
senden, F]->h, Koot, Fostei, Geyei, J.tines. Johiwm, Jones
of Iowa, Sebastian, Seward, Siuait, Tiumbull, Wade, Wil
son, and Wiight—2J.
NAYrf- Messrs. Bigg*, Bright, Brown, Butler, Clay, Fit/.-
patriek, Houston, Ilunter, Iveison, Pratt, Pugh, Toombs,
and YVeller—13.
So the bill was passed.
BREAKWATER AT BURLINGTON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, con-
sidered the bill (S. No. 29) making an appropria-
tion for the continuation and completion of the
breakwater in the harbor of Burlington, on Lake
Champlam. Its object is to appropriate $36,000
for this purpose.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to hear the esti-
mates for this work read. Will the Senator from
Vermont give me a reference to them ?
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, a very few words
of explanation, I think, will satisfy the Senate
of the appropriation embraced in the bill. It is
not for the commencement of a new work, but
for the continuation, and, as 1 hope, for the com-
pletion, of a work begun in 1836—twenty years
ago. In reference to the charactcr and import-
ance of this work—the plans and estimates for
it, and the several sums appropriated for it at
different times, I will read first from the report
ofthebuieau of topographical engineers, made
by Colonel Albert, the colonel of the corps, to
the Secretary of War, on the 12th of September,
1850, and by the Secretary of War In id before
the House of Representatives on the 19th day of
the same month.
This report on the subject of rivers and har-
bors says in reference to the Burlington break-
water:
"The haibor of Burlington is an open roadstead of deep
water, neat tile shore; but m rough weather u*e could not
be made of the landing and wharves of the town. To rem-
edy these defects ol the harbor, tins breakwater was con-
structed, after the most elaborate investigations and the
ino-r'carefully digested plain. It w^v- stated m the annual
report from this office m 1843, that .$50,000 would be re-
quired to complete the breakwater m confoimity with ap-
proved plans. As £ 10,000 were appiopi uited foi this woik
in 1844, it leaves $40,000 of the estimate a=s the amount
which will probably be requited to complete the work. It
was commenced in the year 1836.*'
I will remark that, in addition to the $10,000
appropriated in 1844, $10,000 more were appro-
priated in 1852, thus reducing the estimate of
1843 to $30,000 for the completion of the work
according to the plan upon which the estimate
was then based.
There have been five appropriations for this
work, as follows:
In 1836, $10,000, approved by President Jack-
son.
En 1837, $10,000, approved by President Jack-
son.
In 1838, $50,000, approved by President Van
Buren.
In 1844, $10,000, approved by President Tyler.
In 1852, $10,000, approved by President Fill-
more.
The sum total heretofore appropriated is §90,000
—approved by four different Presidents.
In this connection, I will read from the report
of the topographical bureau, dated November
22, 1855, embracing the report of Captain How-
ard Stansbury, of the corps of topographical en-
gineers, and superintendent, in respect to the
progress of the several works under his direction
on Lakes Champiain, Ontario, and Erie. In ref-
erence to the Burlington breakwater, he says:
" The work at this place is a bieakwater, one thousand
and sixty-nine feet in length, and thirty-live feet in breadth
on top, built of cnb-woik, and ballasted with stone It is
placed immediately m front of the whai ves> of the town m
thirty feet water, and aAords vety good pioteetion. In the
year 1853, one hundred feet m length was added to the
north end of the breakwater, but the appiopnation was ex-
hausted befoie the enb was completed, and it remains m
an unfinished condition.
" 1 lepeat my recommendation that two hundred feet in
length be added to the noiih end of the breakwatei to biuig
it under cover of a point of land to the north, and alford
better sheltei from noithwestcrl} gales ; an estimate for that
purpose is herewith submitted.
"Buihngtonis in the collection district of Vermont, which
embraces the whole State; the poit of «-mrv js Alburgh.
There is one bght-house in the district, winch is designated
as No. 91, situated on Juniper Island, Lake Clmmplnin,
south side of the entrance to Burlington haibor. The near-
est fort in Foit Montgomery, at Rouse's Point, filty miles
from IJuihngton."
The duties collected in the fi&cal year ending June 30,
1854  $67,975
Value of foreign merchandise exported  l,0t>6,001
Value of domicile pioduce e.vpoited  310,101
Value of merehamiw imported and enteied for
warehousing and transportation to othei dis-
tricts     5l>2,b,>r>
Amount of hospital money collected   ... 52*57
Aniencan tonnage entered  21,592
Ainetiean tonnage cleared  20,499
Foteigii tonnage entered  1*2,194
Foit'igu tonnage cleared  9,58")
Tonnage on outstanding enrollment lor steaiu-
ve^els  4,5:27
Tonnage on outstanding enrollment for mailing-
vessels   2,817
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator give me a refer-
ence to the report from which he last read ?
Mr. FOOT. Page 372, of part 2 of the Presi-
dent's message and documents for 1855-'56.
The estimate for the two hundred feet in length,
which is recommended in this and a former re-
port, to be added to the north end of the break-
watei, is $14,614 88. A considerable portion of
the appropriation of 1852 was applied to the ex-
tension of the one hundred feet at the north end,
which had been previously recommended by the
topographical bureau; but this was left in an
unfinished state, as the appropriation did not
hold out so as to complete it. It is estimated that
the sum of $588 will complete this crib of one
hundred feet.
The estimated amount, therefore, for the com-
pletion of the work according to the original plan,
together with the sum required to finish the one
hundred feet of addition by the recommendations
of 1853, and also the amount estimated for the
addition of two hundred feet more, as recom-
mended by the superintendent in 1855 and in
1856, reaches the sum of #45,199 88; and this is
without reference to the enhanced price of labor
and materials since the estimate m 1843, that
$50,000 would be required to complete the work
according to the plan then adopted, and before
the addition of three hundred feet to the north
end were recommended.
! The sums required are as follows:
Balance of estimate of 1813  $30,000 00
Estimate for completing the one hundred feet ad-
dition     5?5 00
Estimate for the two hundred feet addition  14,614
Total  $'45.199 88
It will be seen that the bill appropriates $36,000
only, being something over nine thousand dollars
less than the estimated cost of completing the
work according to the present plan. The work
has been suspended for long periods, and left in
an unfinished condition, from which more or less
of damage and loss has resulted; and to that ex-
tent the cost to the Government has been en-
hanced. I hope we may not be subjected to further
delays. Bills for this purpose have repeatedly
been lost; sometimes by the Executive veto, and
sometimes from want of the concurrent action of
the two Houses. This bill passed this body at
•the last session, and failed for want of action in
the House. It passed with others in a general
" river and harbor bill" at the session before the
last, and fell under the executive veto.
I apprehend no objection on the part of the
President to this bill, standing as a separate and
independent measure. It stands clear of all con-
stitutional exception. It is clearly of a national
character, required not only for the protection
of the commerce of the country, bui for the de-
fense of the country. This woik is necessary
for the security of the principal harbor upon a
lake lying between two Governments, and upon
whose waters their opposing fleets have met in
former years; and your erection of a fortification
at Rouse's Point contemplates, at least, the pos-
sibility of a hostile meeting at some future day.
But, sir, I am not to be understood as one of
those who feel obliged to resort to the war power
under the Constitution for authority to improve
our haibors and rivers. To my mind, there is a
clear grant of power to this extent, m the express
authority to " regulate commerce." It seems to
me quite as sensible and quite as important to
protect the lives and property of our citizens
against hostile winds and storms, as against hos-
tile fleets and armies; and the authority to do
the one is, in my judgment, quite as clear as the
authority to do the other. Constitutional law
and common sense seem to me to concur in this
view of the question of authority.
Mr. CLAY. xUthough 1 listened with profound
attention to the remarks of the Senator from Ver-
mont, I could not understand thedatafrom which
he derives his estimate of the amount necessary
to complete the work. He refers me to the re-
ports of 1853 and J855. I have them before me.
They contemplate the very work,as 1 understand,
the importance of which he is now advocating,
and which this bill proposes to achieve. I have
looked at those estimates, but find that they fall
far below the amount which this bill asks. I will
read to the Senate from the report made to the
topographical bureau in November, 1853, by the
board of* engineers i
" Brevet Colonel Turnbuli, in his annual report of Bur-
lington harbor, dated September 1, recommends the exten
sion of the bieakwater two hundred feet northwaid. lliy
estimate to accomplish this, without the usual 10 pet cent.
for contingencies, is {$20,006 26
With this provision, winch the boaid thinks
should be added, equal to  2 000 62
Amount   $22,00f3 b'8
" But, on the other Jiand, Colonel Turnbull does not take
into account the materials which he believed would remain
on hand to this work. These materials consist of ' about
one hundred and seventy-five sticks of timber, and eight
thousand perches (or, say fifteen cubic feet) ot stone,' be-
sides 'quite a large quantity on the present work that could
be applied to filling new cribs.J (iSee uutes of inspection,
by Majoi 13ache.)
Substractmg the cost of these eighteen thousand perches of
stone, at forty cents per toot    UO
One hundred and seventy-five sticks of timber,
average length forty-two feet, seven thousand
three hundred and fifty lineal feet, at eight
cents a foot       588 00
Amount   .$3,788 00
Contingencies ten per cent  378 80
Total amount $'4,166 80
Will leave for appropriation $17,840 08; or bay, a& in the
margin, §18,000."
That is the sum which we were advised by
the topographical bureau in November, 1853, was
requisite to complete this work. In 1855, on the
page to which the Senator refers me, I find that
they make a further estimate, and I suppose de-
duct the sums expended since 1853 for tins work,
and they make in the aggregate the amount as
now requisite to complete this improvement
$14,614 88. It is stated expressly that this is to
extend the breakwater two bundled feet. 1 can-
not read it otherwise, and I cannot see forthehfe
of me where the Senator gets the one hundred
and seventy per cent, additional which he adds.
