242
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
JNaval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
present a broad, united front, extending from
Maine to California, Ave should vie with one
another in deeds of devotion to a common and be-
loved country. We should show the world that,
broad as our country is, diversified as are her in-
terests, she is Joved with a singleness of devotion
by all her sons; that we love her great valleys, and
her high mountains; her deep, blue lakes, and her
broad, clear rivers; her fertile soil, and her rich
mines; her great cities, and her vast commerce;
that she is ours in all her grand proportions, and
that
" The pedestal on which her glory stands
Is built of all our hearts and all our hands."
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Tuesday, March 18, 1856.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand a memorial, signed unofficially by members
of the Legislature of the State of Maryland. It
is an indorsement of the resolutions adopted by
the Legislature of Virginia some time since. 1
ask that they may be read; and then I design to
offer some explanatory remarks, giving the rea-
sons for my concurrence with the sentiments of
the resolutions.
The Secretary read the resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Virginia, as follows:
1. Resolved, As the opinion of the General Assembly of
Virginia, that the action ofthe late naval board appointed ''to
promote the efficiency " of the Navy, by which two hun-
dred and one officers were retired from the active Navy list
of officers, without trial or notice, or record of any sort,
was not in accordance with the principles which our Gov-
eminenrteeognizcs as the only guarantees of judicial fair-
ness and impartiality.
2. Resolved, That the General Assembly does not as-
sume to criticise the conduct of those who were charged
with the execution of the provisions of the law in question,
nor to express an opinion as to the propriety of the removal
of the officers retired under the action of the board; but it
intends to affirm the principle that every officer of the Army
and Navy of the United States has the inalienable right to
be heard in his own defense, and to confront his accusers,
when charges affecting his personal character and profes-
sional honor are brought against him. «
3. Resolved, That for reasons hereinbefore alluded to, the
Senators and Representatives of Virginia in Congress be
earnestly requested to cooperate in effecting the passage of
a bill which shall provide a fair opportunity to the parties
aggrieved by the action of said board, to vindicate their tar-
nished honor; and subject not only them, but the whole
Navy, to a proper reform, upon just, rational, and legal prin-
ciples. The form of this remedy it refers with confidence
to the discretion of the Representatives of Virginia.
4. Resolved, at the same time, That this General Assem-
bly owes it to the rights and the honor of its constituents,
involved so largely by the action of the aforesaid board, to
declare that it finds on the list of dismissed Virginians,
names of men who have, by their achievements in war and
peace, in arms and in science, not only commanded the
thanks and the compliments of their own country, but had
extorted, and, whilst this board was in session, were ex-
torting the homage and admiration of all the great com-
mercial and naval Powers of the world.
5. Resolved, That the clerks ofthe two Houses be directed
forthwith to forward copies of these resolutions to our Sen-
ators and Representatives in Congress.
Adopted March 5,1856.
Teste: SHELTON C. DAVIS,
Clerk of the, Senate.
S. <*. TUCKER,
Clerk of the House of Delegates.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I rejoice
that the Old Dominion has spoken on this occa-
sion. Her weight in the Confederacy, the pecu-
liar position which she has heretofore occupied,
and which she still occupies; her sound political
adherence to correct principles in times past, with
as few aberrations from a proper course as it was
possible during the period of her existence for
any State to pursue, entitles her to an attentive
hearing. I am informed that California, too, the
youngest sister of the Confederacy, has spoken
on this subject, though officially her voice has
not yet been heard in this Chamber.
Allusion was made the other day by the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,]
to the influence exerted around these walls, and
the appeals made to members of Congress by
persons who think themselves aggrieved by the
action of the naval board, as though members
felt it necessary that they should have prompters
to stimulate them to the discharge of their duties,
and as though they had not innate principle
enough to discern right from wrong, and to pur-
sue the right in preference to tolerating the wrong.
|! I wish it distinctly understood, as the allusion
j j was directed particularly to myself, that 110 out-
; j ward influence has operated 011 me to direct me
| towards the course which I have taken, and which
' I am determined, with my humble abilities, to
1 maintain upon this floor, and before this nation,
' in vindicating men who have been relentlessly
stricken down, regardless of their rights as offi-
cers and as citizens of the United States.
Sit-, I will refer to some remarks of mine on a
, former occasion—not for the purpose of sustain-
ing myself in the assurance which I have given,
; but for explanation, and to show the reason why
1 my mind, as early as November 23d last, had
arrived at the conclusion which it now maintains.
On an occasion when it was fit that I should
address my fellow-citizens in reference to the
subject now before the Senate,—alluding to the
Administration and its component parts, and par-
! ticularly to the Secretary of the Navy, [Mr.
j Dobbin,]—I said:
" In the administration ofthe affairs of his office, I believe
he gives general satisfaction ; but if I were to rely on the
intelligence of the day, as derived from the newspapers, I
am inclined to think that, in the action of the naval board,
most flagrant injustice has been done to many officers of
the Navy; and if impartiality has not been carried to an
improper extent, injustice has certainly been done to many
of the officers. But as this will be a subject of examination,
I will merely make this hypothetical remark."
Sir, this shows that I needed no prompting,
after my arrival in Washington city, and that no
influences were exerted upon me; but that it was
the prompting of my own heart, from a knowl-
; edge of tlie individuals who had been stricken
down, which guided my action.
j It will not be considered egotistical when I
[ refer to days past, as they form a portion of the
history of the country, and when the reference
j is not made for the purpose of complimenting my-
! self; but it is to me a subject of gratulation and
; delight, that I had an instrumentality in placing
in his proud position in the service one of the
distinguished officers of the Navy. In 1825, when
a Representative from the State of Tennessee,
I obtained a midshipman's warrant for Matthew
P. Maury, who then entered the Navy. I have
watched his career since with paternal solici-
tude. I have gloried in his prosperity; and his
distinctions I .have always considered as reflecting
honor upon myself, while the nation was honored
by his achievements; and though they were not
on the quarter-deck where scuppers run blood, he
has built his name high in the niche of fame. It
will not be obscured by the action of this mys-
terious board, who have reviewed his conduct.
They may strike him off, and embarrass his
prospects as an officer of the Navy, if they please,
should their action be indorsed; but they cannot
limit the world-wide fame which he has acquired,
nor can they snatch from him that wreath of civic
glory that his own exertions have won, and which '
is equal to the laurels he would have won if he ;
had been called to the field, unless he had been
altogether unlike the Maurys of the State in which
he was reared and his kindred blood, for it was
the best of the Huguenots. Sir, it has been stated
by the honorable chairman of the Committee on
NavalAffairs, [Mr. Mallory,] that he looksupon
Lieutenant Maury as a civilian, and he thinks
that great favors have been done to him. He
says that Maury has often been withdrawn at
his own instance from sea-service; and that he
had asked for his present position at the Observ-
atory; but the latter statement was afterwards
corrected by the honorable chairman, and very
justly. He did not petition for a situation at the
Observatory. It was not in time of war that he
asked for release or respite from duty. It was
not when the enemy were in hostile array on our
borders, nor when we were invading a foreign
country with our squadrons, that Maury ever
asked to be recalled from service.
But, sir, Maury has been taunted by a lieuten-
ant on the board with his civic distinction, his ease,
and quiet; while the same lieutenant thinks that i
it is hazardous, and troublesome, and disagree-
able to perform the seafaring part of an officer's
duty. I have noticed these taunts. I do not
know the individuals from whom they emanate,
but they excite in me no indignation. I consid-
ered them beneath the contempt of a statesman.
I have acquaintance with but one officer of this
board, and I should not know the others if I saw
them. I shall never seek their acquaintance until
the stigma they have placed on themselves by
the course they have pursued is taken from their
names and characters.
It appears that Lieutenant Maury lias been long
employed on shore duty. I find, 011 a comparison
of his term of service with that of the chairman
of the board, Lieutenant Maury was but four
per centum below him in sea service, notwith-
standing the great benefits he lias rendered to
mariners and the commerce of the world while
on shore duty. The chairman of that board
(Commodore Shubrick) has been in the naval
service forty-nine years, of which seventeen yearn
and ten months have been employed in actual sea
duty. Lieutenant Maury has been in the service
thirty-three years, of which more than nine years
have been employed at sea, notwithstanding the
misfortune of having been crippled, from which
he has entirely recovered. To say that he was
not an efficient officer ashore and afloat is not
sustained by facts. Lieutenant Maury has not
shrunk from the responsibilities of a commander
at sea, for during the Mexican war he made ap-
plication for service in his proper rank, and it was
declined. Deficiency cannot be charged to him.
As for his sea service, it is thirty-three and one
third per cent.; while Commodore Shubrick's is
but thirty-seven per cent, of his whole length of
service. That, therefore, cannot be the cause
for disrating him. It was not the inefficiency
of individuals that caused them to be stricken
down. No, sir; it was a system of espionage 011
the Navy; it was a combination; and, as charac-
terized by a distinguished member of the navy
board, it was a "packed conspiracy" to strike
down chivalrous and gallant men, and give posi-
tion and promotion to those who grasped the
scepter in their hands and wielded it with des-
potic sway.
You may say it was the fault of Congress, I
admit it was a great error to pass such a law as the
one under which this action has taken place; and
if its passage was commended to us by any who
understood what would be the result, it was a
culpable act—it was a criminal act. I have no
doubt I voted for it, though I have not referred to
the record; but if I did vote for it I voted with-
out comprehending it. I deferred to the com-
mittee and the Department, supposing everything
was for the best. I was not importuned to vote
against it, and I supposed it must all be right. I
imagined that some two or three dozen officers
would be withdrawn from the service who were
inefficient through age or wounds or infirmity, or
from habits intolerable in the Army or the Navy,
and which reflected no credit on the service.
Never did I dream that those dropped would
amount tor fifty. If I commited the sin of voting
for the bill, it was the sin of ignorance amount-
ing to omission only; though I may be properly
censurable for not haying examined it when it
was to fall so weightily on men who deserved
their country's thanks for preserving their coun-
try's honor. Yes, sir, it was a great offense; and
greatly must we atone for it when we reflect on
the injustice done to those injured by its opera-
tion.
_ But, sir, has the law been carried out impar-
tially, fairly, and justly ? Who were the persons
who went into the board ? My honorable friend
I from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] says that one of
the distinguished men on it was Commander, now
Captain, Du Pont, in whose behalf he presented,
(as he always does) a most eloquent, pathetic,
and I may say elaborate vindication, the other
day, in secret session. He asked (hat the in-
junction of secrecy should be removed to allow
the publication of his remarks. It was done,
and the officer has the full benefit of his vindica-
tion. I am glad that his general character is put
in issue by the course pursued by the honorable
Senator from Delaware. I am willing to take
issue on the fact that he is no better than he should
be as an officer, and that he is not superior to
hundreds who have been stricken down, either
in point of seamanship, or in any other high
quality which should animate an American naval
officer. The Senator says that service on this
board was to Captain Du Pont a bitter cup, but
the chalice was put to his lips. Sir, he could have
