978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Mr. PHELPS. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. HAVEN. I have one more amendment
which I want to offer as an additional section. It
contains a portion of what I was desirous of re-
taining in the fifty-first amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That the joint resolu-
tion of Congress " to fix the compensation of the employes
in the legislative department of the Government, and to
prohibit the allowance of the usual extra compensation to
such as reccive the benefits theieof," approved the 20th of
July, 1854, shall not be construed to apply Co the public
printer for either branch of Congress.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order, upon the ground that
the committee has ceased to act upon the Senate
amendments, and an additional section is not in
order.
Mr. HAVEN. My amendment is part of what
was in the fifty-first amendment to the bill; but
I am so desirous of having it acted upon, that,
with all duo deference to the Chair, I must take
an appeal from his decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decidcs the,
amendment out of order where it is proposed to
be offered. It would have been, perhaps, prop-
erly in order when the fifty-first amendment,
relating to that subject, was under considera-
tion.
Mr. IIAVEN. Every amendment subsequent
to that amendment has been stricken out, and
there is nothing which now interposes between
that Senate amendment and my amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman should have
proposed it before the last of the Senate amend-
ments was acted on. There is nothing to attach
the amendment to now.
The CHAIRMAN. There was nothing before
the committee but the Senate amendments, and
not the original bill. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York is certainly a substantive
proposition of itself, and as such is clearly not in
order,
Mr. HAVEN. Well, if it is not the general
wish of the committee to consider that matter 1
shall not press it. I only desired to do what
oughtto bo done for the public good. I withdraw
my appeal.
Mr. STANTON. I voted under a misappre-
hension of the nature of the fifty-fifth amendment,
and I move to reconsider tho vote by which it
"Was not concurred in.
Air. PHELPS. That cannot be done in com-
mittee. You will have an opportunity to vote
upon it in (ho House. I move that the committee
now rise nnd report its action to tho House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and tho Speaker having
resumed the chair,"the Chairman (Mr. Nichols)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on tho
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the Union generally, and es-
pecially the Senate amendments to the bill of the
House (No 66) to supply deficiencies in the
appropirations for the service of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1856, and had directed
him to report back the same to the House, with
a recommendation that some of the amendments
be concurred in with amendments, that some bo
concurred in without amendment, and that others
be non-concurred in.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise for the purpose of
moving the previous question, and nope it will
be seconded and the main question ordered. And
as many members are absent, I propose not to
attempt to tako a vote on the amendments till
Monday next, if that meet the approval of the
House. _ [Cries of "ay, ay."] I therefore move
the previous question.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Missouri to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, in order to let me offer the amend-
ment which I have indicated as a substitute for
the fifty-first amendment, and then I will vote
with him for it cheerfully. I think it is the sense
ot the House to have this amendment adopted.
3\lr. PHELPS declined to withdraw the call
for-tho previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
Mr. PHELPS. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House to make a report from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill making appropria-
tions for the support of the Military Academy.
The only reason why that motion is not in order
is because the main question has been ordered on
the deficiency bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that,
by unanimous consent, the amendments to the
deficiency bill go over till Monday. That is the
agreement, is it?
The SPEAKER. There has been no state-
ment of that question.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope that will be the general
understanding of the House.
There being no objection, the amendments to
the deficiency bill were postponed till Monday.
The following report of tho committee of con-
ference was then read:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing vote of
the two Houses on the bill (II. 11. No. 69) making appiopria-
tions for the support of the Mihtaiy Academy lor the year
ending 30th June, 1S56, having met, alter full and tree eon-
feienee, have agreed to recommend, and do locomniend,
to their respective House?, as follows:
That the House of Representatives do recede from its dis-
agreement to the Senate amendment.
JOHN S. PHELPS,
W. H. SAPP,
II. WINTER DAVIS,
Manager* Qn behalf of the House of Representatives.
R M. T. HUNTER,
JOHN B. VVELLER,
JAMES C. JONEtf,
Managers on behalf of the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. This was the only amend-
ment to the bill on which there was a disagreeing
vote between the two Houses.
Mr. SEWARD, (interrupting.) Do I under-
stand this is a privileged motion ?
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged report,
which is m order after the postponement of the
deficiency bill.
Mr. PHELPS. There was an amendment of
the Senate, making an appropriation of §15,000,
which the House disagreed to. The Senate
receded fiom that amendment, and left only one
amendment pending- between the two Houses.
For the two sessions of the last Congress, the
amount of money contained in this amendment
was appropriated for the purpose of defraying
these contingent expenses of tin.* Military Acad-
emy, amounting only to $540;and itnow becomes
necessary to concur in this amendment, so that
the vouchers may be passed at the Treasury
Department. I therefore demand the previous
question on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. SbWARD. If it is in older, I desire to
have the amendment read, so that we may see ■
what we are driving at.
The amendment, in which the committee of
conference recommended the concurrence of the
House, was read, as follows:
See. 2. Jbul be itfuither enacted, That the amounts dis-
bursed, or that may be disbursed, out of moneys appropri-
ated for the bupport of the Military Academy by the acta
ot May 10, 1854, and March 3, 1855, in payment of addi-
tional compensation to thelibranan,assistantlibiarian,and
certain enlisted men at that post, be passed to the credit of
the disbursing oilicer : Provided, That the additional pay
to said librarian and assistant librarian, shall not exceed the
*uin of .-$120 each per annum, and to the non-eommwMoncrt
officer in ehaige of mechanics, and other labor, at the po->t,
the soldier acting as clerk m tho adjutant's office, and the
four enlisted meti in the philosophical and chemical depart-
ments, and luhogtapine office, not exceeding the mioi of
$50 each per annum, and ihut a like measme of compensa-
tion be hereby authorized to bo aliowud hei eat tor for &aid
services respectively.
Mr. PHELPS. That amendment refers to the
acts making appropriations for the support of the
Military Academy for the last two fiscal years;
and the very amount of money necessary to de-
fray these expenses was then appropriated 
Mr. SEWARD, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order. The gentleman from Missouri
is not in order, as the mam question has been
ordered.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and the report of the
committee of conference was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correiitly enrolled an act (S.
No. 80) amendatory of an act entitled " An act
to regulate the fees to be allowed to clerks, mar-
shals, and attorneys of the circuit and district
courts of the United States," and for other pur-
poses; when the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the joint reso-
lution of the House relating to the public lands
appertaining to the Springfield and Harper's
Terry armories and the North Carolina arsenal.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I ask leave
to present resolutions from the Legislature of the
State of Massachusetts.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is the busi-
ness regularly m order?
The SPEAKER. The report from the Court
of Claims. *
Mr. JONES. Then I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon tho
House (at three o'clock, p. m.) adjourned till
Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Moxday, April 21, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD. I am requested to present
two petitions of citizens of New Jersey and
Pennsylvania, representing that in view of the
recent appalling calamity in the burning of tho
steamboat New Jersey, oil the Delaware river,
they think it desirable that the act of 1853 " to
provide for the better security of tho lives of
passengers 011 vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam," should be applied to all ferry-
boats; which I ask may be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom the Senator from New York
moves to refer those memorials, reported a bill
on Fiiday last for that purpose. I think tho pe-
titions, therefore, had better lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well, sir.
The petitions were accordingly laid on the
table.
Mr. CASS presented two petitions of citizens
of New Jersey and Pennsylvania, praying that
the provisions of the act " for the better security
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam," may be
extended to ferry-boats; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of citizens
of New Jersey and Pennsylvania praying that
the provisions of the act for the better protection
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or 111 part by steam, may be
extended to ferry-boats; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. SEWARD presented two memorials of
citizens of New York, praying for the adoption
of measures for the construction of a railroad to
the Pacific; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of James
Ladd and others, heirs of deceased officers and
soldiers of the revolutionary army, praying to
be allowed bounty land; which was referred to
the Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Mississippi in favor of an appro-
priation for erecting fortifications at Ship Island,
at the entrance to the Mississippi sound; which,
as the subject has already been reported on favor-
ably by the Committee on Military Affairs, was
laid 011 the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON presented a memorial of "Ed-
ward D.Tippctt, praying for an examination of
a method invented by him for navigating the air;
which was referred, with the papers on file, to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented three petitions
