1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
of citizcns of Iowa, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Waterloo to Eldora, in that
State; which were referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions,' to whom were referred the petition of Sa-
rah Larrabee, and the petition of Nancy Bowen,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
256) for their relief; which was read a first time,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 16) relative to the
administration of the pension laws; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Oscar P. Johnson, reported a bill for the relief
of Oscar F. Johnson, a passed midshipman in the
United States Navy; which was read a first time,
and ordered to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
MRS. LEWRTGI-IT BROWNING.
Mr. SUMNER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Pensions to report back the bill (PI. R.
No. 280) to continue half-pay to Mrs. Lewright
Browning for a further term of five years, which
has already passed the House of Representatives.
I am directed to report in its favor, and ask for
the immediate consideration of the bill.
Mr. WELLEK. What is it?
Mr. SUMNER. I will state in a moment.
This bill passed the Senate at the last session,
but failed to pass the House of Representatives
from want of time. It has at this session passed
the House and comes to us; and under the direc-
tions of the committee I now move that it be put
on its passage.
By unanimous'consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
instruct the Secretary of the Interior to continue
to Mrs, Lewright Browning, widow of Robert L.
Browning, late of the Navy, half of the monthly
pay of her husband, for a further term of five
years from tlie time when the half-pay granted
by the act of Congress of September 20, 1850,
shall ceasc.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
COMPENSATION OF PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, Senate bill
(No. 14fi) making provision to compensate agents
for paying pensions, and prescribing the time and
manner of settling their accounts, was made the
spccial order for last Thursday week, at half past
twelve o'clock, but was passed over owing to the
pressure of business. I ask that it may now be
taken up.
Mr. BROWN. Is it likely to give rise to
debate ?
Mr. SEWARD. If it does I shall waive it.
Mr. BROWN. I wish to have the business of
the morning hour disposed of.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on taking
Vp the bill.
Mr. STUART. I hope we shall defer action
on that bill, itwillgive rise to considerable dis-
cussion, and I hope it will go over.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will not be taken up
now.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to have it taken up
for the purpose of moving an amendment, and
then it can go over.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to that.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SEWARD. By direction of the Commit-
tee on Pensions, I offer an amendment, to insert
in the ninth line of the fourth section, after the
word " provided," the words " except in the case
of Shepherd Knapp," so that the section will
read:
* "That the piovisions of the first section of this act be
extended to tho^e person*, then heirs, and legal represent-
atives, who served as agents for paying pensions prior to tiie
23th ot Febuiaiy, 1847, and subsequent to the20th of Apnl,
16:13, when no i-ompensation wa-, piovidud by taw for such
sn vices: Provided, (except in the ea^e of Shepherd Knapp,)
Such agents were not banking eoxpoiauons nor the officers
or ageuts thereof."
Mr. SEWARD. I will trouble the honorable
Senators,who desire to take some time to examine
the bill, to notice that I shall move to take it up
on some day to suit their convenience. If they
will say next Monday at half-past twelve o'clock,
it will suit me.
Mr. STUART. That will satisfy me. I shall
be ready to submit my views on the bill at that
time.
Mr. SEWARD. And now to the honorable
Senator from Georgia I will say, that, to accom-
modate him, I will call it up at half past twelve
o'clock next Monday.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will not be made a
special order. I wish to look into it. I know
there has been an effort for several years to got
some back pay for these pension agents, to which
I have been opposed. I do not know the charac-
ter of this bill, but I know there has been an ef-
fort made heretofore to pay thousands of dollars
to which there is no shadow of claim.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish the Senators to take
time to examine it.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the bill will be postponed until to-morrow.
That course was adopted.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the Private
Calender on Friday last was gone through with,
and on next Friday there will be, probably, little
if any private business to attend to. I am anxious
to have the business which properly belongs to
the District of Columbia disposed of; and, with
the concurrence of the Senate, to have it assigned
for that day, when it will not interfere with other
business.
I therefore move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the bills which stand num-
ber 21, 2G, 30, 104, 153, 187, 188, 189, and 190,
in the order of business on the Calendar, that they
may be made the special order for Friday next.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like, to hear the
titles of those bills, that I maybe able to determine
whether I should agree to or oppose the Senator's
motion.
Mr. CASS. Are they all District bills?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir; and I desire the
Senate to consider them on Friday next. I hope
there will be no objection.
The motion to take up the bills was agreed to;
and the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 74) to incorporate the Columbia
Wood Gas Company.
A bill (S. No. 93) to incorporate the St. Thomas
Literary Society, in the District of Columbia.
A bill (S. No. 125) defining the rights of voters,
and the duties of commissioners of elections, in
the city of Washington, and for other purposes.
A bill (S. No. I GO) to incorporate an insurance
company in the city of Washington.
A bill (S. No. 24) for the benefit of public
schools in the city of Washington.
A bill (S. No. 251) to authorize the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings to remove obstructions
from certain streets and avenues in the city of
Washington, and to prevent trespasses on the
same.
A bill (S. No. 252) to repeal so much of the
act approved March 3, 1855, as provides for the
erection of an armory in the city of Washington.
A bill (S. No. 101) to incorporate the Friends'
Aid Society of the District of Columbia.
A bill (S. No. 251) to incorporate the Mer-
chants and Mechanics' Bank of Washington,
District of Columbia.
Mr. BROWN.' I now move that their further
consideration be postponed to, and that they be
made the special order for, Friday next, at one
o'clock.
Mr. FOOT. It will be recollected by Senators
who were present on Friday last, when we were
considering the Private Calendar, that one bill was
taken up for consideration, which was reported
early in the session. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. Brodiiead] expressed a desire to
be heard on that bill; and not being ready upon
that day, as a matter of accommodation to him,
I consented that it should lie over until Friday
next. After the disposition of that bill I should
have no objection to the consideration of the bills
named by the Senator from Mississippi oil that
day.
Mr. BROWN. I was not here on Friday, being
detained from the Senate by indisposition. I do
not know the character of the bill alluded to by
the Senator fromVermont, nor whether it is likely
to give rise to protracted debate.
Mr. FOOT. I presume it will not lead to pro-
tracted debate. The Senator from Pennsylvania
expressed a desire to be heard on it, and for that
reason, by my consent, it was laid over.
Mr. BROWN. These bills can be taken up
after the consideration of that bill. Thatwill do,
I suppose.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There are a great many
private claimants who constantly call on me to
insist on the enforcement of the rule which gives
private business a hearing on every Friday.
Mr. ADAMS. We disposed of the Private
Calendar last Friday.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I shall not interfere with
the disposition of the Senate.
The motion of Mr. Brown was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I wish, in justice to myself,
to say, that on the information of my friend, the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] that he
disires some intimation in reference to the bill
reported from the Committee on the District of
Columbia, ujider the instructions of the Senate,
to repeal so much of the act approved March 3,
1855, as provides for the construction of an
armory in the city of Washington, I shall allow
it to be postponed. I had intended to ask for the
consideration of that bill to-day, as the work is
progressing and the damages are accumulating
every day; but as he desires to have information,
I am willing to let it go over with the rest of the
bills, until next Friday, when I hope the Senate
will take it up, and finally dispose of it.
INDIAN"'DIFFICULTIES IN OREGON AND
WASHINGTON.
Mr. CASS. 1 have been requested to call
for certain correspondence between Governor
Stevens, of Washington Territory, and the War
Department. I now submit a resolution for that
purpose:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed to
transmit to the Senate copies of all letters addiessed to him
durnu; the present year by the Governor of Washington
Temtory, respecting the existing difficulties with the In-
dians in that Territory.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I suggest this amendment:
And, also, all correspondence relating to our Tndian diffi-
culties in the Ternioues of Washington and Oregon not
heretofore communicated.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
The amendment of Mr. Brodheab was agreed
to; and the resolution,as amended, was adopted.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 9)
to amend the naturalization laws, reported itbaclc
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
The bill is one which was introduced by Mr.
Adams on the 4th of February. It provides that
no alien who may arrive in the United States,
after the passage of the act, shall be permitted to
become a citizen, unless he shall, on making ap-
plication to be admitted to the rights of citizen-
ship, declare on oath, and prove to the satisfac-
tion of the court having jurisdiction of the case,
that he lias been a resident of the United States
twenty-one years continuously, prior to the tim®
of making: application; and he shall not be per-
mitted to "make his declaration of intention to be-
come a citizen of the United States until he shall
have resided in the United States ten years at
least.
It further provides that any alien, being a free
white person, who shall have proved a residence
of twelvemonths in the United States, shall be
entitled to all the protection of the Government,
and be allowed to inherit, and hold, and transmit
real estate, so long as he remains within the limits
of the United States, in the same manner as though
lie wore a citizen. Aliens are to be admitted to
citizenship in a circuit or district court of the
United States m some one of the States or Ter-
ritories, and in no other court.
No captain, master, agent, or commander of
any merchantman, or other vessel sailing under
the laws of the United States, or of any foreign
vessel coming to the United States, is to bring into
any port, or into the waters of the United States,
or to land on any of the Territories of the United
