1856. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
243
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
declined it. There was no urgent reason why he
ehould not do so. He was a member of the light-
house board, and I think he could have declined
this service on that ground.
I go further: I intend to show that Du Pont was
one of the prompters to this measure; and that,
if there has been a " packed conspiracy," he has
played a conspicuous part in it. I will not say
that he is the Catiline of it, but he played a
criminal part. I am not going to take unauthentic
newspaper intelligence to prove it, but I will take
the Intelligencer—a paper that I venerate for its
respectability; and, although I have always been
politically opposed to its editors, I have found
them gentlemen of veracity. It is entitled to a
respect that few journals are now worthy of.
Therefore I rely on it. I think it is a document
that will cast some light on this subject. By way
of showing that it is not a spurious article, and
subject to such an objection, I will say, that the
article which I propose to read was presented by
Mr. Du Pont, and also (as I am inclined to think,
though I cannot positively state it) Mr. Mag-ru-
der, now a flag captain—or some rank whose
technical phrase I do not exactly understand—in
the Mediterranean. These two officers handed in
this publication some time in advance of the meet-
ing of the board. There are other facts which I
will bring to bear on this matter, and I will show
that the Navy was converted to the use of these
men. They may say it was the law that was
executed; that the pound of flesh was exacted;
that this action was indorsed by the Secretary of !
the Navy and confirmed by the President; but alli
this can give no character to the proceeding, if
there was corruption or conspiracy in the begin-
ning. If that bie the nature of its origin, all the
subsequent acts are void. I will not read the
whole of this two-column article, but I will read
those parts which I think important. What does
it say? Listen:
" The scheme submitted by the present able Secretary of
the Navy reconciled the apparently incompatible require- :
Bents of avoiding ingratitude and a pension, while substi-
tuting efficient for incapable men in the performance of ac-
tive and responsible duties. The plan involved the necessity
of the consent of officers of the Navy, for the public good, to
accept and discharge the duties with less than the regular
compensation of the higher rank; and their patriotism has
given a prompt response. Congress have met them in a spirit
of equal liberality, accepted their plan for the relief of the
service and the country, and placed in their own hands the
execution of the law to promote the efficiency of the Navy."
In the hands of the Navy ! The Navy comes
forward generously and makes this proposition
of sacrifice, and Congress accords to them all that
their liberality can demand! That is the state-
ment. But again:
" The eyes of the country are on the proceedings of the
board with anxious, but confident, hope."
Who cared about it? The country was never
aroused to it. The country cared nothing about
it, because they knew that our Navy, whenever
it came in contact with an enemy, always acted
gloriously, and achieved honor for the country,
and they wore willing to confide it to the proper
hands. The people, far off, remote in the inte-
rior, had no distrust in our continuous achieve-
ments of glory whenever our tars came in con-
tact with an enemy. The country demanded no
such thing. It was the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs of the Senate who demanded it. The Senate
acquiesced in it, and the House of Representa-
tive approved it. It was done without consider-
ation—without the people ever thinking anything i
about it, and knowing less; yet this assumption !
is made in this article with great gravity. It con- j
tinues:
" If it fail in its duty, whether from want of neTve, or I
want of Judgment, or want of honesty, the next Congress
will respond to the national demand for an efficient Navy I
by some short, sharp, and salutary remedy, tf officers now
■acrifice the country to their interests, they may rest as- !
sured the country will have small hesitation in sacrificing I
them to the paramount necessities of the public service."
I pray, sir, that this may be done. It is all I
ask that they may be recompensed '' according to
the deeds done in their body;" that body means
the naval retiring board. [Laughter.] Again:
"This duty, if not thoroughly performed, had as well not
pe attempted; and the liberal provisions for those found
incapable, without their own default, disarms the measure
el even the least appearance of harohnem, and /fares no
excuse for leniency.*'
We see they were afraid there would be leni-
ency, and this article was to prepare tile public
j mind, and it foreshadows the action of the board.
| One of the most conspicuous members of the
board, and one who contributed more to the pas-
\ sas;e of the bill through this body than any indi-
i; vidua!, is the man who foreshadows their pur-
;; pose in this communication of two columns.
What is the meaning of all this ? They cannot
rely on age, infirmity, and similar causes, to get
old men out of the way and give promotion to
aspiring young gentlemen, lieutenants and others;
and if these young aspirants cannot get to be
j I commodores, they have made one brilliant step
ij towards it—I mean the brilliancy of two epau-
i lets instead of one. In old times, when we used
1 to do fighting as subalterns, I was very proud
when I got one epaulet of silver, instead of gold,
j; and I thought it was the finest thing in the world;
I but now you can hardly find a passed " middy"
I who does not want a commodore's epaulets on
his shoulders. He likes to strut about to the
j admiration of the ladies, with his buttons bright
j and his uniform attractive, and he is a commo-
dore really to all appearances, and beautiful to
admiration. [Laughter.]
Mr. BAYARD. Will the Senator state the
date of that article ?
Mr. HOUSTON. May 21,1855; and I would
' asj£.t?le Senator to attend to it, for I know he can
j criticise it with more ability than I can command.
: Again, the article says:
I " This duty is confined to the naval board. With them
j rests the responsibility of executing or failing to execute the
law. They reap many of the advantages, but the country
has the greatest stake in the result; and the country will
hold the board responsible for the attainment of the results
they anticipated when vesting these ample powers of purga-
tion in the officers of the Navy itself."
Yes, sir, they reap advantages from it. They
have not merely promoted themselves, but they
have promoted their kindred in subordinate ranks.
! That is generous—is it not? Sir, a system of
: nepotism has grown up in the country that must
be stricken down; it shall not confront the majesty
of a free people, and will not be countenanced and
fostered by my vote on any occasion while I live;
but it has been done by this board. A majority
of the captains were family relatives. I am not
going into the privacy of families, but this is a
public matter, and I have a rigHt to refer to it.
Not only were the captains related to each other,
but most of them had relatives, subordinate to
them, either midshipmen or lieutenants, who were
promoted by the operations of the board. Were
they impartial judges? Were they competent,
honestly, to adjudicate the rights of noble men,
who had fought for their country, who had gal-
lantly bled for it, and who had borne aloft its
proud banner to the breeze floating over British
hulls? Is that to be countenanced? Could no
other disinterested men in the Navy have been
obtained? Surely, no one will make such a state-
ment.
Do not understand me as casting blame on the
Secretary of the Navy. He is a very polite and
elegant gentleman, and perhaps he did not inquire
into these things. I blame these men for not
each telling him, " Sir, my situation is too deli-
cate. If I should find it necessary to remove
one above me, it would leave me liable to the
imputation of making a vacancy to give place to
myself and get promotion. If I remove one who
is subordinate to me, and advance my relatives,
nepotism will be imputed to me. My honor
would be impeached by serving on this board,
and I will vindicate it by a just and generous
course—just to myself, generous to my fellow- :
men, generous to men of chivalry, whom 1 esteem, ;
and who deserve my esteem." j
It is suggested to me that the morning hour
has expired; but still I ask leave to proceed with
my remarks.
Mr. IVERSON. With the permission of the
Senator I will- move to postpone the special order
to allow the Senator to proceed with his speech.
Although it is not the " first speech " of the gen-
tleman, it is his first during the present session.
He has been exceedingly modest, and I therefore I
move to postpone the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I will read
another extract from this delectable publication.
It says:
" What, then, does Congress charge the board with the
duty of performing? The law assumes what the country
knows to be the fact, that there are many officers in the
Navy in the grades mentioned, incompetent to the prompt
and efficient discharge of all their duties ashore and afloat.
The law has charged the board to examine into the effi-
ciency of the officers of the Navy, and to report those who,
in their judgment, are so incapable of performing all their
_ Surely it was their duty to recommend the re-
tirement of those who were incapable of perform-
! ing sea duty, but there must be evidence of that
incapacity. _ It was not to be presumed from a
1 mere suspicion in the mind of any member or
I members of the board. There were tests by
' which inefficiency could be determined; and I
will show you that the action of the board, if it
, be regarded as a judgment of inefficiency, is in
j direct conflict with the action of the Secretary of
- the Navy. They have not deferred to him. At
i. the time this " review" took place—at the time
when naval efficiency was determined by the
naval board, what was the condition of the offi-
cers of the Navy ? No less than fifty-seven offi-
i cers who were afloat or on duty at that very time
I wpre stricken down by retirement or dropping.
Fifty-seven of those then engaged on duty the
board said were inefficient, and not capable of
I performing their duties ashore and afloat,
j What was the conclusion of the Secretary of
j the Navy ? He had detailed these men to dis-
j charge duty, to the number of fifty-seven, and
j they were actually performing duties ashore or
, afloat at the time when they were stricken down
; by the naval board, which thereby stultified the
action of the Secretary of the Navy. One or the
other erred in judgment as to the efficiency of
these officers. These are the two horns of the
dilemma. Gentlemen may swing on either—I
j care not which; neither is pleasant. You need
not tell me that the Secretary of the Navy would
detail for sea duty incompetent persons, when
there are always hundreds of applicants for ac-
! tive service whom he cannot gratify. Can any
! candid man believe there was any deficiency in
any of those men who were detailed by the Sec-
retary for sea or for shore duty ? To suppose so
is to impugn the action of the Secretary, and to
charge him with incapacity,-or a want of integ-
rity to his country. I do not care which posi-
tion gentlemen assume; one or the other is the
case if the action of this board can be sustained,
which I do not believe. I do not think that Mr.
Dobbin would have detailed an incompetent per-
son for sea duty. I am not prepared to indorse
his charitable notions of the board, and his laud-
atory comments of them, as being the soul of
honor; but I perceive that their action is contra-
dictory to his own. But, sir, the same article
says further:
" It is the duty of the President to keep the public force
on shore and at sea in an efficient state, ready for every
emergency. If men are incompetent, no matterfrom what
cause, it is his duty to know it, to ascertain it, and to re-
move them either by his executive power or by legal pro-
ceedings."
So these powers inured to the President and
Secretary before, and hence the absolute inutility
of the law. There was no requirement for it
except to suit the demands of a cabal here in the
bureaus. They are nests of iniquity, and they
are multiplying; but I want the eggs broken.
Again:
" But, whatever be the means adopted, he is responsible
for the efficiency of his instruments. Congress have aided
his judgment by giving him the benefit of the inqueat by the
board. They are as free to inquire as the President. They
, are subject to no other restrictions."
I What a pity it is that more restrictions were
not placed on them, and then there would have
been less ground of complaint to-day. This
writer says:
" They pass their judgment subject to the same responsi-
bilities, and they are subject to none other."
How proud, how omnipotent, how far above
all revisionary power, how irresponsible they are!
Further:
" They are bound to inquire fairly, earnestly, courage-
ously ; to be guided by public considerations aloue; to give
the country the full benefit of their knowledge "and espe,-
rience ; to report the truth as it shall appear to tliemj—•
