1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 31.
the river Delaware, and see Reedy Island before
me, and I know the fact that this breakwater must
be of immense service to the commerce of the
whole country. Ships can obtain protection there
during the winter from the floating ice when they
cannot obtain it anywhere else. If they attempt
to lay in at the harbor of New Castle, or Marcus
Hook, or Chester, they are very apt to be cut by
the ice and perhaps sunk. This work is esteemed
by commercial men the most important of all on
the Delaware river. Of course T should prefer
their opinion to my own if I differed with them.
The. bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
On its passage, Mr. CLAY called for the yeas
and nays, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Cell of Tennessee, Benjamin, Blight,
Cass, Clayton, Crittenden, Dodge, Darkoe, Fessenden,
Fish, Foster, Geyei, Harlan, Jones of Iowa, Sebastian,
{Seward, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wnglit—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Clay, Fitzpatriek, Houston,Hun-
ter, Iverson, Mallory, Rent, Toombs, Weller, and Yulee
—U.
So the bili was passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am almost tired of
these bills. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think we have had enough
of this business. I do not wish to be driven
pertinaciously. I want some examination of all
these bills. Gentlemen say it shall not be done.
The question being taken, on a division, there
were—ayes 15, noes 16; no quorum voting.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
I think we have done enough of this business for
one day.
Mr. YULEE. I must still hold, Mr. Presi-
dent, that it if* not in the power of less than a
quorum to call for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
doubt about the right of less than a quorum to
adjourn: and before tiie decision was announced
the Senator from Georgia had the right to call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. YULEE. I think it was announced that
there was no quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir. _ 1
Mr. YULEE. The Chair lias now ascertained
that there is no quorum.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is true
enough; but the Senator culled for the yeas and
nays I w fore the result was announced.
Mr, YULEE. Well, sir, 1 raise the question,
that when there is no quorum, business cannot
be done; and 1 demand a count.
The 1UIEWJDENT pro tempore. The first
question is upon ordering the yeas and nays.
The yea,=5 and nays wen: ordered.
Mr. REWARD, f have voted under a strong
pressure from the friends of these bills, saying
they were apprehensive they would not have a
future time to go through with tins class of busi-
ness. For that reason, against my own judg-
ment and feelings, I have insisted on going on;
but I am now relieved by several members around
me, and if none of the friends of the bill protest
against it, 1 shall take the responsibility of ad-
vising that we accept the pioposition. J think,
with the Senator ft om (Jeoigia, that the minority
ou^ht not to be forced unreasonably and unne-
oes.surily. It is not m my heart to do it. I do not
like a majority to force me.
Air. CLAYTON^ Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the adjournment. It is not in order to de-
bate a motion to adjourn.
Air. CLAYTON. I wish only to make an
inquiry of the .Senator from New Yoik. I vote
for the adjournment, and yet the next bill coming
up relates to the district of country in which I
reside; and hence I suppose it is my duty to
explain to the Senate, as I am quite prepared to
do 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Delaware is clearly out of order.
Mr. STUART. By unanimous consent he
can proceed.
Air. CLAYTON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No debate is
allowable on a motion to adjourn. The Secre-
tary will proceed to call the roll.
i he question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Biggs, Blight, Brown, Cass, Clay, Clay-
ton, Cnttenden, Dodge, Durkee, Fisli, Fitzpatriek, Ilarlan,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson, Malloiy, Reid, Toombs, and
Trumbull—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of Tennessee. Benjamin, Fessen-
den, Foster, Geyer, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward,Stuart, Wade,
Wellcr, Wilson, Wnght, and Yulee—14.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
idjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 31, 1856.
The House metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo*
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
There appearing to less than a quorum
present,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, moved a call of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Ball, Barksdalo, Rmgham, Bocock, Boyce, Bur-
lingame, Burnett, Caruthers, Childs, Bayard Clarke, Cltng-
inan, Covode,Cox. Cragm, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, De Wilt, Dickson, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Elliott, Ethendge, Eustis, Evans, Florence, Thomas J. 1).
Fuller, Gilbert, Augustus Hall, Harrison, Herbert, Hick-
man, IIolFman, Howard, J. Gianey Jones, Kelly, Ivel&ey,
Kcnnctt, Kiel well, King, Kunkel, Lindley, Alexander K.
Marbhall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mc-
Carty, McMulhn, McQueen, Meacham,MiHwaid, Murray,
Packer, Paine, Peaice, Pelton, Pennington, Poiter, Reade,
Roberts, Sage, Saridulgc, Scott, William Smith, Swope,
Talbott, Valk, Welch, Wells, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright,
and John V. Wright.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, said: As I sup-
pose, Mr. Speaker, that the object of the call is,
more than anything else, to consume the time so
as to allow gentlemen not now in the House to
come in, and as, by asking the privilege which I
dexire to ask of the llouse, I shall not be con-
suming any of its business or valuable time, I
ask the permission of the House that the further
call may be suspended, am! that I may be allowed
five or ten minutes—about the time the further call
would take—in a matter personal to myself.
Mr. HOUSTON. The objection to that would
be that the call being suspended at this point, the
names of the absentees would not go upoft the
Journal, which is the object of the call. 1 object.
Mr. DUNN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Scott, was still confined to his room by indispo-
sition, and was unable to attend the House.
One hundred and fifty-seven members having
answered to their names, all further proceedings
under the call were, on motion of Mr. Wash*
DURNT, of Maine, dispensed with, and the Journal
of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the following resolutions, leported
by tiie Committee of Elections, in the case of the
Kansas contested election:
Resolved, That John VY. Whitfield is not entitled to a
m-.u m ihia Iluiw .t  a Delegate fiom the Temtoiy oi'Ran-
Resolved, That Amliew II. Reedei be admitted to a peat
on tin-? tloor as a Delegate Jrnm the Tetiiioty <>!' Kansas.
On this question, Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine,
was entitled to the floor.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I trust, Mr.
Speaker, that the gentleman from Maine will
yield me the floor in order to make the personal
explanation for which I asked to dispense with
the further call of the House. It is on a matter
which is personal to me in my representative
capacity, and reflects on my official conduct here.
Mr. WASHBURN. I am obliged to objcct.
I am sorry to do so.
Mr. HARRIS. I will not detain the House
live minutes.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then I will yield to the
gentleman for five minutes.
Mr. HARRIS. The statement which I desire
to make is a very brief one. It is, however, on a
question which is more important to me than any
other purely personal matter can be, because an
article m the leading commercial paper of my city,
which I have now before me, and to which I
allude — the American newspaper of to-day—is
one which suggests an imputation on the part of
both the Representatives of that city on this floor,
of neglect and inattention in a matter of the most
vital consequence to the city of Baltimore—on a
matter which the Representatives having charge
of have made every effort to bring to the attention
of the House. The article to which I refer is as
follows:
" Improvement of the Patapsoo River.—We regret to
observe that no action has as yet been taken in the House
of Representatives of the United States on the bill making
an appropriation foi the improvement of the Patapseo
river, a work, we believe, second in importance to no con-
templated improvement now befoie Congress. The bill we
allude to was passed by the Senate, in the first month of
the present session, by an almost unanimous vote of that
body, and has been before the House ever since, without
any action being had upon it, although many bills far less
important and general in theii character have subsequently
been originated and have been parsed into laws. Congress
will remain but a short time in session, and we trust this
important measure will not be lost through the neglect or
inattention of those who ought to use all their energy in its
behalf."
I therefore take the liberty of saying a few
words of explanation myself, instead of sharing
it with my colleague, [Mr. Davis,] because the
particular measure to which this article refers hau
been placed by the committee of the Board of
Trade of that city in my hands in this House, and
the reflection upon me is the more direct. I have
allusion to an article m the Baltimore American
of this morning, reflecting upon us for our failure
to bring to the attention of the House, and have
passed, a bill for the improvement of the Pa-
tapseo river. That bill having been placed in my
hands, I desire to say to my constituents, in this
public way, because the imputation is an impu-
tation on me as the representative of those con-
stituents—that 1 have had, at no time since that
bill came from the Senate, any possible opportu-
nity to call it up, and to obtain the action of the
House uppn it. I desire further to say—what is
well known to the members of the House—that
no business on the Speaker's table, or on the Cal-
endar, can be taken up out of the regular order,
except on Mondays by a suspension of the rules.
I desire to say to my constituents—and 1 know I
will be borne out by the testimony of many gen-
tlemen around me—that I have done as much to
impair a naturally good pair of lungs, for many
successive Mondays, in attempts to get the floor
for the purpose of calling up that bill, as I have
done in any effort I ever made inside or outside
of this House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Injustice to
the gentleman from Maryland, I will say that I
have hoard him urge the earliest consideration of
the matter.
Mr. HARRIS. My friend behind me [Mr,
Haven] says that I have made all the noise 1
could about it on Monday. I desire to say further
that which is well known here, that it requires
a vote of two thirds to suspend the rules and to
■ get up a bill on that day, but I have never been
: fortunate enough to get the floor even for the pur-
; pose of moving to suspend the rules.
I wish to say further that, not satisfied with
ordinary eiforts to get the floor, T have made what
I conceive to be extraordinary efforts. I have
even, although conscious of the great press on
the Speaker of this House, knowing, as I do,
j perfectly well, that these two hundred and thirty-
V- odd gentlemen arc charged, each one of them, with
i| matters of special importance which they were
11 always anxious to take the first opportunity of
|i bringing up, and knowing that under these cir-
jj cumstances it was a very difficult thing for the
; Speaker of the House to extend to me any par-
,j ticular courtesy in connection with this matter—
ji yet in order to leave no stone unturned, I have
!j repeatedly solicited of the Speaker, as a personal
|! favor, the opportunity of calling up this bill.
Every gentleman knows how impossible it would
| be for the Speaker to make and to fulfill promises
i of this character to the numerous gentlemen who
; want the floor.
] Now, sir, I have said all that I conccive to be
1 material to put myself light with my people.
! And I now trust that as I have been compelled,
; in the face of the House, to defend myself against
: an imputation under the circumstanccs unjust to
: me, and made in ignorance of my efforts here—
! the House will on Monday next interpose no ob-
| jection to what I ask, but by common consent
' aid me in suspending the rules and passing the
1 bill.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I gave notice
yesterday, that to-day, if I could obtain the floor.
