m 2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
Mr. CLAY. As has been evident to my hearers,
my throat is in such a condition that I cannot
say whon I shall be able to speak again. It was
my desire to say something further m vindication
of the South and the northern Democracy from
the unjust charge of enmity between the North
and the South; and it is my purpose, if 1 am able,
at a future time, before the debate shall be closed,
to say something further in reply to the speech
of the Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward.]
But, sir, I have been confined for ten days with
almost continual fever; I am exhausted. I came
here to-day, I fear, at the peril of my health. I
could not continue longer. I will therefore yield
to any gentleman who will occupy the floor. I
shall not tax the courtesy of the Senate to give
me another day. I only say that, if my health
permits, I intend hereafter to say something fur-
ther.
The PRESIDENT. The subject will be post-
poned until to-morrow.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate to allow me to make a
brief personal explanation. Senators may be
assured that I will trespass upon their attention
but a few moments.
On the 23d of February, 1855, I quoted, on the
floor of the Senate, three of a series of thirty-one
resolutions on National and State affairs, drafted
by Mr. Benjamin P. Hallett, then chairman of
the National and State Democratic committees,
and adopted by the Massachusetts Democratic
State Convention, assembled at Springfield, on
the 19th of September, 1849. These three reso-
lutions, quoted by me at the last session, were
each of them separate, distinct, and entire re-
solves, following each other in logical order.
Each one of them embodied distinct propositions,
having no logical dependence upon, or connection
with, (he others. These resolutions enunciated
general principles, and either of them might be
quoted without, in the remotest degree, doing
violence to the others of the long series.
On the 19th of February last, I again referred
to these resolutions, quoted one of them entire,
and expressed the idea, that persons circulating
them in Kansas might subject themselves to the
penalties of the act forbidding the circulation of
any paper "calculated to produce disaffection
among the slaves of the Tenitory." I thought
the ever-watchful slaveholder mijyht think the bold
declaration of the Massachusetts Democracy, that
they " AKte OPPOSED TO SLAVERY IN EVERY FORM
AND COLOK, AND IN KAVOR OF FREEDOM AND FREE
SU1L WUEKEVER MAN LI>KS '1IIROUUHOUT UOD'S
heritage," would "produce disaffection5' in the
bosom of liia bondman.
There has been placed, Mr. President, upon
the desks of members of the Senate and House
of Representatives, a pamphlet, prepared by the
author of these resolutions, Mr. benjamin F.
Hallett, now the United States District Attorney
for Massachusetts. Upon the title-page of this
pamphlet I find, m huge, staring capitals, these
words: "A question of veracity for Senator
Henry Wilson!" Sir, this pamphlet, with this
" question of veracity for Senator Henry Wilson"
in large capitals upon irs title-page, is made up
of extracts from a speech delivered by this gov-
ernment official at an Administration meeting in
Wilton, New Hampshire, pending the late elec-
tion. In this speech, Mr. Benjamin F. Hallett
has made a gross, wanton, and wholly unpro-j
voked personal assault upon me. I say, sir, this j
assault is wholly unprovoked, for I have not, in i
the Senate or out of the Senate, in referring to or i
quotingfiom these resolutions, charged him with '
inconsistency, or uttered an unkind or disre-1
spectful word towards him. I
But, sir, Mr. Benjamin F. Hallett has chosen 1
to make this gratuitous personal assault upon j
me, and to thrust it into this Chamber and into
the other House. Sir, I shall promptly meet this
assault. Mr. Benjamin F. Hallett raises "a ques-
tion of veracity for Senator Henry Wilson!"
" Senator Henry Wilson," here, on the floor of
the Senate, on this, the 21st day of April, 1856,
will settle this " question of veracity," raised for
him by Mr. Benjamin F. Hallett, by demon-
strating that Mr. Benjamin F. Hallett has made
against me, in the pamphlet I hold in my hand,
wholesale charges without the shadow of truth
in them.
Sir, Mr. Benjamin F. Hallett charges me with
" deliberate and repeated perversion,, of these
resolutions; with having " falsified the record;"
with having " garbled and perverted" these re-
solves by "quoting a single sentence, or apart
of a resolution;" with having " twice misquoted
them in the Senate;" with having "quoted de-
tached sentences and half sentences;" and with
"garbling and separating sentences!" Sir, these
charges made by Mr. Benjamin F. Hallett 1 pro-
nounce utterly and totally unfounded—without
an element of truth in them. I never, in or out
of the Senate, " misstated" these resolutions; I
never " misquoted" them; I never "perverted"
them; I never " quoted detached sentences" from
these resolutions, or "garbled" them " by sep-
arating sentences!" Sir, I deny, in the most
emphatic language, the truth of these wholesale
charges; and, sir, I feel justified in applying to
the author of these ehargesthe language once ap-
plied to another by Burke, and to say that "his
charges are false, and he knows them to be false,
and I know them to be false, and he knows that
I know that he knows them to be false !"
Sir, Mr. Benjamin F. Hallett graciously declares
that he willnotpronounccme " a fool or a knave"
for " misquoting these resolutions," as I " may
never have read them as a whole." Sir, his gra-
cious condescension is wholly misplaced. I assure
him that my sins, if I have sinned, are not the
sins of ignorance. Sir, I saw these resolutions
in the hands of Benjamin F. Hallett, on the morn-
ing of the 19th of September, 1849, in the cars
between Boston and Springfield, and heard him
read them to thoHon. Charles C. Hazewell, then
associated with the Boston Times, a gentleman
of extraordinary memory and vast historical
acquisitions. After he had finished reading
these resolves, Mr. Hazewell asked him what
" the southern Democrats would say to them?"
Mr. Benjamin F. Hallett promptly replied, "I
don't care what they say; we have risked every-
thing for them; they deserted General Cass and
elected General Taylor; they may take care of
themselves,and we will take care of ourselves."
Sir, I was present in the convention when they
were reported by the author; so, sir, I know
something of these resolves and their history, and
I know that when they were penned lie was smart-
ing, under the defeat of 1848. He was also look-
ing hopefully to a coalition with the Free-Soilers
in the ensuing State election. The Boston Post,
the office from which this pamphlet comes, edited
then and now by Charles G. Greene, Navy agent
at Boston, on the 21st of September, in indorsing
these resolutions, State and National, expressed
the opinion that the two minority parties could act
together in the pending election on State affairs.
Mr. Benjamin F. Hallett charges me with
having quoted "garbled and disconnected cxlracls
from the resolutions " in my speech of the 23d
of February, 1855. He is prudently careful, sir,
not to quote these "garbled and disconnected
extracts " as quoted by me m that speech. [-Ie
did not do so for two reasons—he did not wish
to place them before the readers of this pamphlet;
and if he had quoted the extract in full from my
speech it would have been seen at once that I had
not quoted "garbled and disconnected extracts;"
but that I had quoted three whole, entire, com-
plete resolutions, each embracing distinct, inde-
pendent propositions. Sir, I will quote this
portion of my speech of February, 1855, he is so
prudently careful to withhold, from the 238th
pa^e of the Appendix to the Congressional
Globe:
"i Resolved, That we are opposed to shivery m every form
and color, and in favnr of freedom and liee soil wherever
man Jives, throughout God's heritage.'
<l Sir, tlie people of Massachusetts mostheaitily respond
to thi« resolution, pi npoMvl by the chairman of the National
Democratic Committee,and adopted bysixhuudiedMassa-
chusetts Democrats with shouts of applause:
"' Resolved, That by common law, and common-sense, as
we!! as by the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, (m Priggvs. Pennsylvania, 16 Peters,) ' the state of
shivery is, a mere municipal regulation, founded upon and
limited to the verge of the territorial law,' that is, the limits
of the State creating it.
"' Resolved, therefore, That, as slavery does not exist by
any municipal Jaw in the new Territories, and Congress has
no power to institute it, the local laws of any State author-
izing slavery can never be transpoited there, n^r can sla-
veiy exist there but by a local law of the Territories, sanc-
tioned by Congress, or the legislative act of a Sta.e m its
sovereign capacity.,
" Now, sir, we. in Massachusetts, agree with these resolu-
tions. We believe we have the powci to abolish slavpiy ui
alt the Territories of the Union; thai, if shivery exists there,
it exists by the permission and sanction of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and We are responsible for it. We aie m favor
ofits abolition wherever we are morally or legally iGspona-
lble for its existence."
Sir, this quotation from my speech demon-
strates the fact that Mr. Benjamin F. Hallett's
charge, that I "read garbled and disconnected
extracts from the resolutions, "is without shadow
of foundation. This quotation shows that I
quoted three entire and complete resolutions,
enunciating principles of constitutional construc-
tion and interpretation. Sii, the first resolution
proclaims a great principle—opposition to slavery,
favor to freedom and free soil everywhere ! The
second resolution declares that, " by common law,
common sense, and the decision of the Supreme Court,
slavery is a meremunicipal regulation!" The third
resolution declares—
1st, That " slavery does not exist in the Territo-
ries
2d, That " Congress has no right to institute it."
3d, That " the local laws of the States cannot be
transported there."
4th, That " slavery can never exist there but by
local law, sanctioned by Congress or the act of a
State in its sovereign capacity."
Sir, these are declarations of principles—not
pledges of political action. I quoted them as
declarations of principles—not as pledges of
political action. I did not say that the Democracy
of Massachusetts pretended to act up to these
principles. Sir, I did not even quote the pledge
given m the resolution which immediately fol-
lows them. Sir, I will quote the resolution, and
then I will quote the resolution which qualifies it,
and which he is pleased to call " a paragraph,"
and to charge me with " suppressing:"
(t Resolved, That we are opposed to the extension of
slavery to free Territories, and 111 favor of the e vereise of
all constitutional and necessary means to restrict it to the
limits within which it does or may exist by the local laws
of the States ; but
" Resoloed, That these sentiments are so universal at the
North as to belong to no party, being held m common by
nearly all men noith of a sectional hue, while they are
repmhatpd by most men &onth of that line, and therefore
they cannot be made a national party test."
Sir, every honorable man will see, at a glance,
that the resolutions quoted by me, in my speech
of February, 1855, enunciate principles—that I
quoted them as such; and that the resolutions I
now quote refer to political action.
Sir, a brief allusion to the Middlesex Conven-
tion will show how baseless are Mr. Benjamin
F. Hallett's chargcs against me in connection
with the resolutions of that convention. The
Middlesex Convention adopted a resolution ap-
proving the doctrines promulgated in four of the
resolutions of the Democratic party of Massachu-
setts in 1849.
Sir, I did not make these quotations from his
resolves; I did not report them; I had nothing
whatever do with them, yet he holds me person-
ally responsible for the " specific form" in which
these quotations are made. Yes, sir, he directly
chargcs me with having " stopped at a semicolon
and before a but," when I had nothing whatever
to do with them, and knew nothing whatever
about the " specific form" in which the quota-
tions were made. Sir, a convention in Middlesex
county assembled at the court-house in Concord,
approved of and quoted four entire resolutions
passed by the Democratic State Convention in
1849; and because it did not adopt another resolu
tion connected with the last resolve, by a " but,"
—a resolution which declares that
"Those sentiments arc so universal at the North as to
belong to no paity, being held m common by neai ly all men
north of a sectional line, while thevaie icpudiatcd bvmos-t
men south of that line, and therefore they cannot be made
a national paity test;"
aild thus make itself ridiculous before the coun-*
try, as the Democratic convention, under the
lead of Mr. Benjamin F. Hallett, had done in
1849, I have been charged in this pamphlet
with the " misrepresentation " of the resolutions.
No fair-minded, honorable gentleman, sir, would
demean himself by stooping to a mode of war-
fare so cruelly unjust.
