1856.]
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24T
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board-^-Mr. Houston.
Senate.
pose these men must have been very unhappy
when ihey came to be transferred to another ves-
sel, because they must have had a glorious, easy,
lazy time there, doing nothing, sailing along in a
fine vessel, and pretty " clean," too, they say.
"VVell, now, this explanation is " perfectly satis-
factory!" It is nothing but the most flimsy excuse
in the world, which would disgrace any officer,
for his ship not being in trim in the face of the
enemv. If it had been in the military service he
■would have been shot for such inefficiency, or if
spared his life he would have been degraded in
rank. This is the first time in my knowledge, or
in the history of the Navy of the United States,
as far as I am informed, where a vessel was ever
reported in such a condition on her return to port.
What! the hose too short! Had he not power,
when refitted at Boston, or when he came in from
his former cruise a month or six weeks before, to
call on the Bureau of Construction and Equip-
ment, to tell them of the difficulty, and have every-
thing fitted up—have all the deficiencies fixed, and
the vessel in complete order; and if it had not been
done then they would have been to blame? He
was bound to report to that bureau, and, if he
did not, it was manifest to the Secretary of the
Navy 0/1 this showing that he was deficient and
culpable in his duty; and, instead of remaining
a member of this board to try his fellow-officers
for misconduct, for delinquency, for want of
qualification for duty on shore and at sea, would
it not have been becoming in the Secretary of the
Navy to notify him that he was released from
further action on the board, owing to the stigma
that had been placed by this report upon his
reputation? Was it lit and seemly that he
should remain as a judge on gentlemen of chiv-
airy, of carefulness, and attention to their duties ? j
But what did he do? Why he gives him one
of the most courteous, kind, amiable responses,
perhaps, that has ever been written or printed. !
The Secretary, after referring in his letter to the ,
correspondence that had taken place, says: j
" I deemed it my duty to call your attention to the report, ,
sad am gratified that my expectations have been realized ;
in receiving a satisfactory explanation." j
He called attention to the matter because it was
his " duty;" he did not wish to do it! Did you
ever see a gentleman so amiable ? The explana-
tion was perfectly " satisfactory." He ought to
have removed Stribling instantly; and if the
President had cognizance of it, and knew his duty
as an executive officer, instead of placing him in
a position to strike off the heads of honorable
men—men who had performed their duty, and
discharged the trust which the Government de-
manded of them, and strictly adhered to discipline ;
and principle—he should have relieved him from
further service by notification that, " by virtue
of the prerogative placed in my hands by the
Constitution, I relieve you. Captain Stribling,
from further service—notwithstanding you have
been the foster-father"—no! I beg pardon of my
distinguished friend from Delaware—I believe it
was Captain Du Pont who was the foster-father
of the Naval Academy; but this gentleman was
the principal there—was at the head of it for a
long time.
What will be thought after this exhibition—
the strangest that has been made in the face of
the American people or the American Senate ? j
Thisgentleman was at the head of the Naval Acad- j
emy for four years; and we must look for bright
" middies" when they come out from there, after j
graduating, to take charge of our frigates and
men of war. Is it not a beautiful commentary
upon their chances ? Yes. These are the men
who are to build up the Navy, give it efficiency,
and remove the "dry-rot." Sir, this is one that
I would call a hard case—one of the hardest cases
in that line of business in the Navy. [Laughter.]
But it is entitled to some distinction because it is
without a parallel.
But, sir, my friend from Delaware has said that
Captain Du Pont has done a great many things,
and, amongst others, that he absolutely wrote a
book for which he received great commendation;
but, sir, that book has given him no very great
credit, according to the fact which I shall proceed
to state. Du Pont was a member of a board ap-
pointed by Secretary Kennedy in the fall of 1852
to prepare a code of rules and regulations for the
government of the Navy, approved and issued in
March, 1853, a few days before the change of
Administration. The present Secretary, enter-
taining doubts upon the subject, submitted the
case for the opinion of the Attorney General, who
pronounced it " null and void," the board having
exceeded its jurisdiction. This pkinted code,
forming a volume of two hundred and fifty pages,
and costing many thousand dollars, became a dead
loss in consequence of this board having no definite
knowledge of matters more legitimately within
their province than framing and executing laws
to promote the " efficiency of the Navy."
You see what a latitudinarian this fellow Du
Pont is. [Laughter.] There is no telling what
he will not have his fingers in; if you give him
an inch, he will take an ell. j
This printed code cost perhaps $20,000 to pub- '
lish; it became a dead loss in consequence of the '
board having no definite knowledge of the mat-
ters legitimately within the provisions while they
were framing and executing laws to promote it.
Now, sir, that is the book reputation which Du
Pont obtained. It is between him and the Attorney
General; and to tell you the truth, I am somewhat
in the situation of the woman when there was a :
fight between her husband and the bear. She
said "I will stand off; I might get scratchcd if I
interfere; I shall not say a word." [Laughter.]
But, sir, I have a great many other things to
which I would direct the attention of the Senate;
for as I do not speak often, I want to say a good
deal when I do speak. I will now read a copy of
a letter from the Navy Department to Commodore
Hull, dated December 16, 1839. I will remark
that this is a copy taken from the letter received
by Commodore Hull, but I find in the printed
documents among the information called for by
the Senate, that the word " sex " is omitted in
page 46; but in the copy that I have, that word is j
used when referring to the action of Mr. Du Pont,
Mr. Pendergrast, Mr. Missroon, and Mr.Godon, j
all of whom were members of this board.
Mr. MALLORY. If my friend from Texas
will allow me, I desire to ask from what that
copy is taken ? Is it a departmental copy ?
Mr, HOUSTON. It is not a departmental copy.
I went to the Department, and the copy there
contains the error which is in the printed docu-
ments on our tables; but the sense will show, as
do also the circumstances notorious at that time,
that the disrespect to Commodore Hull's family
was one ground of complaint between these offi-
cers and the commodore. The insertion of the
word "sex " will make it sensible, and without
that word it will not be so.
Mr. MALLORY. I only ask that it may ap-
pear that the copy now read to us is not the copy
corning from the Department, which we have
printed before us.
I Mr. CLAYTON. Will the Senator from Texas
! allow me one moment?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAYTON. What the Senator refers
to, I believe, is the letter of the Secretary of the
Navy, of the 16th of December, 1839. Now, I
ask the honorable Senator if he is not perfectly
well acquainted with the fact that, after that letter
was written, and after Secretary Paulding invest-
igated the whole case, he wrote another letter ac-
knowledging the errors which he had committed,
and making ample atonement for the errors in
that dispatch of the 16th of December. He ac-
quitted Du Pont and his friends entirely of the
accusations made against them. Is not the Sen-
ator from Texas perfectly aware of that fact ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will be very happy, Mr.
President, to respond to the inquiry of the hon-
orable Senator. If I were disposed to be disin-
genuous, or to evade the truth in any way, I might
do so, but I will not. My friend from Delaware
the other day took full latitude in spreading all
these disavowals through the channel of the news-
papers, so that he is in advance of me; but he did
not read this letter; and I will convince him that
Secretary Paulding did not, accordingto his let-
ter published the other day, disclaim what he had
before done, or say that it was ex parte. I will
show what Commodore Hull said in rel&tion to
the matter afterwards. I intend to treat the sub-
ject with great fairness, and I do not intend to
exonerate these men from charges with which
they are justly branded, and which neither time
nor circumstances can ever wipe out.
Mr. CLAYTON. Does not the gentleman
admit that Secretary Paulding says, in his last
dispatch, that his dispatch of the 16th of Decem-
ber, 1839, did injustice, and that he virtually
retracted the whole of it?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir: but then he did
I not say that he was a liar, which lie would have to
i say if he justified them; because he stated facts,
i which he'never revoked. Let the world judge.
I will ask that the word may be marked in my
speech in brackets to show that "sex" is wanted.
My copy is identical with the one taken by Com-
modore Hull's captain, who was with him on
the station when the letter was received. The
letter does not make sense without that word.
Mr. Paulding says:
" Yet it is with great regret the Department is obliged to
I state, that no sooner had they set foot on board this noble
I ship, than the officers of the ward room, who ought to have
! set an example of respect and subordination to their ju-
niors, entered into combinations and cabals calculated to
defeat every object for which she had been fitted out.
, They clamored against the arrangements that had been
made by the navy commissioners for their accommodation,
as if a ship of war were intended for that purpose alone;
they lost sight of the respect and consideration due to that
[sexj which every gentleman, and most especially every
officer, should feel it his pride to cherish on all occasion."
Without the word " sex" it would read:
"They lost sight of the respect and consideration due to
that which every gentleman, and most especially every
officer, should feel it his pride to cherish on all occasions."
The insertion of that word makes the passage
complete, and that it should be there I have no
doubt. I shall not insert the word as though it
were undoubted; but it shall go to the world that
I believe it should be there, alia I think my opinion
will be vindicated.
Such a charge as that would be a very grave
thing, and would impugn the chivalry of the gen-
tlemen implicated; but I will waive all remarks
on that, and not attempt to make any capital out
of it at all.
The next thing he says is, that Du Pont, Miss-
roon, Godon, and Pendergrast—
—" appealed to the public in communications disrespectful
to their superiors, and violated the long-establislied rules
of the service by publishing an official correspondence
without the consent of the Department."
I call on my friend from Delaware to notice
that, and I ask if Mr. Paulding took that back ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir, he did.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is a matter of history.
Did he take that back, and say that they did not
publish an official correspondence without tho
consent of the Department ?
Mr. CLAYTON. He took it all back.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; for that would
contradict himself; but he says that he excuses
them: and why? Because, after they had been
ordered home by Commodore Hull, and had
returned, by combination or otherwise, they mado
most explanatory and satisfactory reports. Yes,
sir, the four gentlemen, Alessrs. Godon, Pender-
grast, Missroon, and Du Pont, made long reports,
friends stepped forward no doubt, political influ-
ence was exerted, and they were ordered back.
Their reputation would have been lost if they had
not returned ! And when the Secretary ordered
them back, he sent a letter to be read on the
quarter-deck of the ship, exculpatory of them so
far as it could be. He did not contradict those
charges which lie had made himself, from his
, own personal knowledge. But think you not
; that he had personal knowledge of these publica-
tions? The charge was such as should have
brought dismissal to an officer, and for which his
; name should have been wiped from the register
of the Navy. Certainly we all know that much.
I know that such would be the case in the Army,
! and I presume the discipline of the Navy is
equally rigid.
Mr. Paulding never took back that charge, and
when he ordered the officers to return, what did
they do? They went all over Europe, traveling
wherever it was most agreeable. They did not
join the ship for five months, and then insulted
Hull when they went on board liis vessel.
Mr. CLAYTON Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him what is his authority for
saying that Du Pont went traveling all over Eu-
rope after being ordered back to the Ohio ?
