1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 81,
No objection being- made, the propositionm?
Mr. Jones, that Mr, Whitfield should be per-
mitted to speak after the previous question was
called, was agreed to.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri, obtained the floor.
Mr. STANTON. I understand that the posi-
tion of things is, that the gentleman from Mis-
souri shall occupy an hour, that the previous
question shall then be ordered, the gentleman
from Kansas occupy an hour, and then the closing
speech by the gentleman from Maine.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say, that
the only order made by the House is, that the
gentleman from Kansas shall have the privilege
of addressing the House alter the previous ques-
tion shall have been ordered.
Mr. STANTON. 1 wjs about to say that, if
tli,e gentleman from Missouri was to occupy ail
hour, I should object.
The SPEAKER. It is too late now to object,
the gentleman from Kansas having yielded the
floor, and the gentleman from Missouri having
obtained it.
Mr. STANTON. I thought consent was given
to the gentleman from Maine to call the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. It was not so understood
by the Chair.
Mr. OLIVER then addressed the House in
opposition to the resolutions reported by the
Committee of Elections. His remarks are with-
held for revision, and will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I now call for
the previous question. But before the vote is
taken on secondingit, I will say that I understand
the contestant m the case—Governor Reeder—is
sick in Philadelphia, but that he has sent a writ-
ten argument here, which lie would like to have
read. I therefore ask unanimous consent that the
argument of the contestant may be road, alter the
previous question shall have been seconded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that he
lias received a letter stating the condition of the
health of the contestant, which will be read, if
no objection is made.
Mr. SNEED. I object to the reading of any
letter from Governor Reeder. He does not come
here pretending to have been clucted under any
law, but in a lawless spirit of mobocmey. Upon
that ground I must object.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 wish to know if the
unanimous consent of the House has been given
for the sitting Delegate to be heard upon^ this
question, after the previous question has been
ordered?
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent has been
given.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then I submit to the
other side of the House, that it is a matter of
courtesy that has never been refused, to allow the
statement of the? contestant to be heard.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection to hear-
ing the statement of Governor Reeder; but I want
to know by what rule the committee undertook
to take his testimony as a witness, when it sterns
that he is an interested party in the transaction?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
ing the call for the previous question. The Chair
will again submit the question to the House,
whether there is objection to the statement of the
contestant being read?
Mr. SNEED. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 submit that the objec-
tion of the gentleman conies too late.
The SPEAKER. It, is not too late.
Mr. SNEED. I am told by gentlemen around
me who have been here longer, and have had
more experience than I have "had, that I ought
to withdraw the objection. My own judgment
is that I ought not to withdraw it; but, in obedi-
ence to their request, i will withdraw it.
Mr. ORR. I have no objection to the state-
ment of Governor Reeder being read, but I think
it should be read before the previous question is
seconded.
Mr. WASHBURN. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I see no reason
why the statement should not be read now. Let
it be read, and the previous question called after-
wards.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I hope my friends in this
House will withdraw all objection, and allow the
statement to be read.
No further objection was made.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled trills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act directing a settlement of the accounts
of David Gordon j and
An act for continuing the improvements of the
Des Moines rapids, in the Mississippi river.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION—AGAIN.
The Clerk proceeded to read Mr. Reeder's
statement.
Mr. READY, (interrupting.) It is evident
that we cannot get through with this to-night, and
I therefore move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk continued the reading of the con-
testant's statement.
Mr.McMULLIN, (interrupting.) What is the
date of the statement?
The SPEAKER. It has no date. The date of
the letter accompanying it is the 29th of July.
Mr. McMULLIN. When was it received ?
The SPEAKER.. It was handed to the Chair
some twenty minutes or half an hour ago.
Mr. vSEWAPcD. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Maine whether it is his purpose to
press the resolutions to a vote to-nis:ht?
Mr. WASHBURN. I should prefer a vote on
the resolutions to-night.
Mr. SEWARD. It will take an hour to read
that paper.
Mr. WASHBURN. To-morrow is private
bill day. It is objection day on the Private Cal-
endar, and I think we had better determine this
matter to-night, and give up to-morrow to private
bills.
Mr. SEWARD. If that be the disposition of
the gentleman, I move this House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope we will
get through with this matter before we adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. Some of my friends do not
wish an adjournment; and as they request that
we go into committee and take a recess until
seven o'clock this evening, I withdraw the motion
to adjourn, and move that the rules be suspended,
and the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, with the
view indicated.
Mr. SHERMAN. We can take a recess from
now until seven o'clock, and to-night dispose of
this question.
Mr. SEWARD. The question is one of priv-
ilege; and the main question has been ordered
upon it, so that nothing will be lost by pursuing
the course i have suggested.
Mr. CADWALADER. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw, to allow me to have a couple of
Senate bills referred.
Mr. SEWARD. I decline to yield.
Mr STEPHENS. Let us go into committee,
and have a night session. We can finish this
matter to-morrow.
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope we will
go into the Committee of the Whole, and take up
and dispose of the fortification bill before we take
either a recess or adjourn.
Mr. ELORENCE. I demand tellers on going
into committee.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and King were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes 74.
So Mr. Seward's motion was disagreed to.
Mr. QUITMAN. Inasmuch as [ should like
to have afuil House when this question is brought
to a vote, I move the House do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 hope the House will not
adjourn.
Mr. GREENWOOD. If I understand this
matter, unanimous consent was given for the
reading of Mr. Reeder "s statement. It is, in fact,
his speech. He has the floor. Now, how can it
be taken from him? It cannot be taken from lum
by a motion to adjourn. [Laughter.]
Mr. ORR. I suppose that "the Clerk repre-
sents Mr. Reeder, and I have no doubt that he
yields for a motion to adjourn. [Renewed luugh-
ter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. For the purpose
of taking up the fortification bill, I now move
that the rules bo suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. Wo can spend an hour
upon that bill and finish it, and we ought to do it.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
at this time, as a negative vote upon the same
question has just been announced by the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The business of the coun-
try requires that we should work after four
o'clock.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to make a suggestion
which I think will remove all this difficulty. The
communication from Mr. Reeder is now upon the
table, and the Clerk is engaged in reading it. I
presume it can be handed to the reporters, and be
printed in the Globe to-morrow morning and laid
upon our tables.
Mr. WAKEMAN, and others, objected.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 have no objection, if Mr.
Whitfield's speech is put in the same place.
Mr. WALKER. 1 call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the motion to adjourn
prevails, I hope the House and the country will
understand that it comes from the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The question was taken upon Mr. Quitman's
motion, and it was not agreed to.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with a view to take up the fortifica-
tion appropriation bill.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The House has re-
fused to adjourn since that motion was made
before.
The SPEAKER. The House having ordered
the main question to be put upon the question
before the House, the motion is not, at this time,
in order.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I submit to the Chair,
that tins part of the proceeding does not come
strictly under the operation of the main question,
and that the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
is in order. I trust there will be no objection to
it, as 1 understand the object of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means is, to progress
| with the fortification appropriation bid, and to
endeavor to ffpt through with it this afternoon.
It will not take more than an hour, and the read-
ing of this paper can be finished to-morrow
morning.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the
question on th^ motion.
Mr. STANTON. How did the motion get in?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
made the motion.
Mr. STANTON. But is it in order?
The SPEAKER. The previous question having
been ordered, the Chair rules that the motion
cannot be entertained, if a question of order is
raised upon it.
Mr. STANTON. [ object to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, let it go upon the
record, that my colleague objects.
The Cleik then resumed the reading of the
paper; but was soon interrupted by
Mr. H. MARSHALL, who said: It is per-
fectly palpable to every one, that we cannot hear
a word of the reading, and therefore I move that
the further reading be dispensed with, and that
the paper be printed.
The SPEAKER. The House has given its
unanimous consent that the paper shall be read,
and, under that state of facts, no objection can be
raised.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that its further read-
ing be dispensed with.
Mr. WAKEMAIvf. I object.
The Clerk then resumed the reading, but was
interrupted by
Mr. TPJPPE, who said: Is it in order to renew
the motion made by the gentleman from Ohio a
short time since, that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itsdf into the Crm-
' mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not m order, inasmuch
as the previous question has been ordered.
Mr. TRIP-PE. Then i move that the House
adjourn.
