984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 21,
amendments upon which separate votes had been
demanded.
The SPEAKER stated that the question would
be put on agreeing to the amendments of the
Senate. .
The fifth amendment of the Senate, m which
the Committee of the "Whole on the state of the
Union recommended a concurrence, was reported,
as follows:
For lithographing and engraving, $20,000.
The question was tafcen;and the amendment
was concurred in; there being on a division—ayes
86, noes not counted.
The ninth amendment of the Senate, in which
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
XJnion recommended a concurrence, was reported,
as follows:
For the completion of the engraving ordered at the second
session of tUe Thirty-Third Congress, $150,000.
Mr. JOKES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Barclay, Barksdale,
Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bishop, Bliss, Bowie, Burhn-
fame, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Howell Cobb, Covode, Ciagm,
lamrell? Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dovv-
tlcil, Edie, Edmundson,Emrie, Evans, Faulkner, FJoience,
Gidamgs, Grow, Augustus Hall, J. Momson Harris, Har-
rison, Herbert, Molloway, Valentine B. Iloi ton, Kent, Kelly,
Kelsey, Knnpp, Kmjrht, Kunkef, Samuel S Marshall,
Matteson, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Mott, Muiray, Nichols,
Norton, Orr, Peck, Pel con, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Ritchie,
Robert^, Sage, Sapp, Shorter, Swope, Taylor, Thonnqton,
Thurston, Trafton, Tnppe, Vail, Walker, Warner, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff,
and Wood wort})—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Boyce, Bradshaw, Branch,
Brenton, Buftinton, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Caskie,
Clawson, Chngman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coltax,
Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cumback, Dean, Dodd, Elliott,
Eustis, Foster, Galloway, Greenwood, llarlan, Haven,
Hughbton, George W. Jones, Kidwell, Knox, Lake, Loiter,
Mace, Humphrey Marshall, McCarty, Morgan, Morrill,
Andrew Oliver, Paine, Pennington, Prmgle, Puryear,
Quitman, Reade, lleady, Robbms, lluflin, Sabm, Sandidge,
Savage, Scott, Simmon#, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan,
Underwood, Wade, Wakeman, Waldron, Ellihu B. Wa^h-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Juhn V. Wright,
and Zolhcolier—66.
So the amendment of the Senate was concurred
in.
Pending the above call,
Messrs. HARRIS, of Illinois, and BOCOCK,
Btated that they were not within the bar when
their names were called. If they had been they
would checrfully have voted in the negative.
Mr. PHELPS (when his name was called)
said: This appropriation is to pay for engraving
ordered by the last Congress, and which has
been directed by this to be distributed among its
members. I vote in the affirmative.
ENROLLED BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled joint resolution
and acts of the following titles:
Joint resolution relating to the public lands ap-
pertaining to the Springfield and Harper's Ferry
armories, and the North Carolina arsenal;
An act to repeal part of an act entitled " An
act to provide for the safe-keeping of the acts,
records, and seal of the United States, and for
other purposes*,"
An act to change the time of holding the United
States courts in the southern district of Illinois;
and
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1857;
When the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, announcing
that that body had passed bills of the following
titles; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
An act providing a necessary increase and better
organization of the medical and hospital depart-
ment of the Army;
An act for the relief of Samuel V. Niles;
An act for the relief of Abraham Kintzing;
An act for the relief of William Marvin, of
Florida;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Samuel
Scott;
An act for the relief of F. A. Cunningham,
Paymaster United States Army;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of James Bell, deceased;
An act for the relief of Elizabeth V. Lomax,
only surviving child of Captain William Lindsay,
of the Revolution;
An act for the relief of Lemuel Worster;
An act for the relief of Daniel Doland;
An act to confirm the title of Henry Volckerto
a certain tract of land in the Territory of New
Mexico;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Morrison and Charles Ginn;
An act for the relief of Franck Taylor; _
An act granting a pension to Mrs. Olivia W.
Cannon, widow of Joseph L. Cannon, -late a
midshipman in the United States I^avy, now de-
ceased; and
An act granting a pension to Morris Powers.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House, entitled "An act for the relief of Mary E.
Tillman.5'
DEFICIENCY BILL—AGAIN.
The nineteenth amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a non-concurrence,
was reported, as follows:
To provide for engraving the maps and drawings accom-
panying the reports of explorations and suiveys to determ-
ine a Pacific railroad route, $49,200, or so much there-
of as may be necessary; and the said maps and drawings
shall he engtaved to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
War.
Mr. HERBERT. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas G4, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Barclay, Baiksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bishop, Bjiss, Bowie, Bovce, Brad-
frhaw, Burhngaine, John P. Campbell, Challee, Ezra Clark,
Covodc, Cr/igm, Duinroli, Davuhon, Denver, Edie, 12/ime,
Eus-tiSj Evans, Florence, Greenwood, Grow, Herbert, Val-
entine B. Hoiton, flugh^ton, Kelly, Kelsey, Kennett,
lCmght, ICunkrJ, Loiter, Samuel S. Mniahall, Matteson,
Maxwell, McCarry, Niehol«, Beck, Peiton, Phelps, Porter,
Prmgle, Ritchie, Sabm, Sage, Swope, Tappan, Thorington,
Thiu>to , Vail, Wakeman, Walker, Linel Washbuin,
Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Wood,
Woodruff, and ZoUicotier—■64.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken,Bingham, Bocoek, Branch,Bren-
ton, Buifinton, Burnett, Caskie, Chngman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W\ Cobb, Col lax, Coy, Ciaige, Crawford,
Cumback, flemy Winter Davi*, Timothy Davis, Dean,
Dodd, Ednmndfon, Foster, IJcmy M. Fullei,(jiddmg*, Gil-
bert, Harlan, J. M'orri&on Han is, Sampson W. Ilanis,
Tliomas L. Hams, Hamson, /iaven, ilolfoway, George W.
Jones, Knox, Lake, Letcher, Mace, Humphrey Marshall,
Smith Millei, Moigan, Mott, Murray, Norton, Andiew Oli-
ver, Orr, Paine, Pennington, X>ettit, Puryear, Quitman,
Rcade, Ready, Robbms, Roberts, Rutiin, Sapp, Scott, Sim-
mons, William Smith, Snecd, Spinner, Stanton, Trafton,
Tnppe, Underwood, Wade, Waldion, Wainer, Ellihu B.
Wa^hburne, Watson,Welch, Woodworth, and Wright—73.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BURNETT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Jeu'ett, had paired off for a week with a gentle-
man whose name he could not just then call to
mind.
Mr. BARCLAY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hickman, was confined to his room by severe
illness.
The twenty-sixth amendment of the Senate, in
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a non-concurrence,
was reported, as follows:
For continuing the work on the Washington aqueduct,
§300,000.
Mr. McMULLIN. Upon that amendment I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 59, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Barksdale, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett,
Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Burhngame, Clingman, Craige,
Davidson, Timothy Davis, Denver, Edmundson, Eustis,
Evans, Faulknei, Florence, Foster, IIenr> M. Fuller, Gui-
ding5!, Augustus Hall, Harrison, Hcibeit, Valentine B. Hor-
lon^Kem, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Knight, Kunkel, Lake,
Lindley, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell, Norton, Orr,
Peck, Pennington, Porter, Heady, Ritchie, Robbms, Ro-
berts, Sabm, Sandidge, William Smith, Sneed, Swope, Tnl-
bott, Trafton, Underwood, Vail,Walker, Warnei, Wheeler,
Whitney, Winslow, and Wood—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Barclay, Bingnam, Bliss, Branch, Bren-
ton, Buffintou, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Caskie, Chaffee,
Ezra Claik, Clawsow; Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Cumback, Bamrell,
Henry Winter Davis, Dean, Dodd, Edie, Emrie, Galloway,
Gilbert, Grow, Harlan, Thomas L. Hams, Haven, Hollo-
way, Hughston, George W. Jones, Kelsey, Knapp, Knowl-
ton, Knox, Letter, Letcher, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson,
MeCarty, McMullin, Smith Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Peiton, Perry, Pettit,
Phelps, Pike, Pringle, Puryear, Quitman, Readp, Ruffin,
Sage, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
Tappan, Thorington, Thurston, Tnppe, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Waldron, Elliha B. Washburne. Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, Wells, Williams, Woodruff, Woodworth,
John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—86.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. KNAPP stated that his colleagues, Messrs.
Hall and Comics, had been detained from the
House for the last ten days by indisposition.
The twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate,
in which the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union recommended a non-concur-
rence, was reported, as follows:
For rebuilding the Franklin engine-house in Washing-
ton city, including the purchase of a suitable lot therofor,
under the direction of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, $5,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment -
was disagreed to.
The twenty-eighth amendment of the Senate,
in which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union recommended a concurrence, was
reported, as follows:
For contingencies of the Army, $5,000.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred m.
The twenty-ninth amendment of the Senate,
in which the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union recommended a non-concur-
rence, was reported, as follows:
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, consisting of luel, lorage in kind for the horses,
mules, and oxen of the quartermaster's department, at the
several military posts and stations, and with the armies in
the field; for the horses of the first and second regiments
of diagoons, the companies of light artillery, the regiment
of mounted riflemen, and such companies of infantry as
may be mounted, and also for the authorized number of
oflicers' hor&es when serving in the field and at the outposts;
of straw lbi soldiers' bedding, and of stationery, including
company and other blank-books for the Army, certificates
for discharged soldiers, blank forms for the pay and quaiter-
master's departments, and foi the printing of division and
department orders, Army regulations, and leports, $460,000.
Mr. FAULKNER. Upon that amendment X
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Branch, Burnett, Camthcrs,
Caskie, Bayaid Clark, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Co.\, Ciaw-
ford, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Den-
ver, Edmundhon, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Heray
M. Fuller, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, J. Moinson
Harris, Sampson VV. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Heibeit,
Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Knapp, Kunkel, Lake, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, Smith
Miller, Nichols, Orr. I'aine, Peek, Phelps, Poitcr, Quitman,
Ritchie, Sage, Sandidge, Savage, Scott, Swope, Thurston,
Tnppe, Undenvood, Vail, Walker, Warner, Weils, Wheel-
er, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Woodruff, and John V.
Wright—71.
NA VS—Messrs. Albright, Bingham, Bishop, Bli?«, Bren-
ton, Ouflinton, John P. Campbell, Ezra Clark, Clawson,
Wiiliam&on R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cragm, Danneil,
Dean, Dodd, Elliott, Eur.ie, Galloway. Gidchngs, Gilbeit,
Harlan, Valentine B. ilorlon, George W. Jones, Kelsey,
Knowlton, Knox, Loiter, Letcher, Mace, Matteson, Mor-
gan, Momll. Mott, Muiiny, Noiton, Peiton, Pennington,
Perry, Pettit, I^ke, Pui}car, Reade, Ready, Robbing,
Roberts, Rufiin, Sabm, Sapp, Simmons, William Smith,
Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Thorington, Trafton,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Ellihu B. Wash-
buine, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, and
Woodworth—67.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The thirtieth amendment of the Senate, in which
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union recommended a. concurrence, was then
reported, as follows:
For the incidental expenses of the quartermaster's de-
partment, consisting of postage on ielteis and packets re-
ceived and sent by officer* of the Army on public seiviee ;
expenses of courts-martial and courts of inquiry, including
the additional compensation to judges-advocate, reeorders,
members, and witnesses, while on that service, under the
act of March 16,1802; extra pay to soldiers empioved, un-
der the direction of the quartermaster's department, in the
erection of barracks, quarters, store-houses, and hospitals ;
the construction of roads and other constant labor for pcii-
ods of not less than ten days, under the acts of March 2,
1819, and August 4,1«54, including those employed as clerks
at division and department headquarters ; expenses or ex-
presses to and from the frontier posts and armies m the
held; of escorts to paymasters, other disbursing officers, and
trams, when military escorts cannot be furnished; expenses
of the interment of non-commissioned officers and soldieis;
authorized office fufniture; hire of laboieis in the quarter-
