1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JONES. Well, I hope the gentleman
from North Carolina will not insist upon it. I
desire to say a few words.
Mr. CLIJSTGMAN.' My object in making this
motion was to facilitate business. I do not know
what my friend from Tennessee desires.
Mr. J ONES. There is very little I want to
say.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will withdraw the mo-
tion, with the understanding that the gentleman
will renew it; but I now give notice that I will
not again consent to its withdrawal. Will the
gentleman renew it ?
Mr. JONES. I will renew it, though against
my will.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then, sir, X withdraw the
call for the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I deny
the right of the gentleman from North Carolina
to move t.he_ previous question, and then with-
draw it at his pleasure to accommodate various
gentlemen. Let the gentleman insist upon his
motion, or withdraw it entirely.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I shall insist upon it here-
after.  
The CLERK. The Clerk would say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that the practice
lias been customary here, no objection having
been made to
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, it is a bad practice.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Clerk, agreatdcal has been
said at various times in reference to where the re-
sponsibility rests for the non-election of a Speaker
of this House, and for one I disclaim all respons-
ibility for the failure to elect resting upon those
with whom I act.
It has, sir, been clearly demonstrated and made
manifest to this Housarthat at no time could the
friends of Mr. RiciiawPson and the friends of Mr.
Fci.ler, since the latter gentleman's position has
been defined and understood, have elected any
gentleman supporting either of those gentlemen
by uniting upon such a member. It has also
been shown here to-day, that if those who agree
ill opposition to the principles of the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, and who have been voting for Mr.
Banks for weeks past, had voted yesterday for
the resolution of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Tiiorington] declaring Mr. Campbell Speaker
of this House, they could have adopted that res-
olution, put an end to this contest, and placed a
Speaker in that chair.
Now, sir, it is not only true that they could
have elected one of their number yesterday, but
such has been the fact, as the votes of this House
will show, for days past. For the purpose of
proving the truth of my remark I will lefer to
a few of the votes which have been had for
Speaker. Here is one of them: " The House
then proceeded to vote the seventy-third time for
Speaker, with the following result: Whole num-
ber of votes cast, 207; necessary to a choice, 104;
of which Mr. Banks received 101, Mr. Penning-
ton 2, and Mr. Leiter 1," making in all 104—
the number which would upon that vote have
elected a Speaker, Messrs. Leiter and Penning-
ton both voting for Mr. Banks. Does any gen-
tleman upon this floor pretend to deny that those
one hundred and four gentlemen, and the gentle-
man for whom they voted,—making in all one
hundred and five,—are opposed to the principles
of the Nebraska bill? Then, sir, it shows that,
if they had united and acted in conccrt upon that
vote, they could have elected any one of those
one hundred and five men.
Again, upon the same day, " the House pro-
ceeded to vote the seventy-fourth time for Speaker,
with the following result: Whole number of votes
cast, 207; necessary to a choice, 104; of which
Mr. Banks received 100, Mr. Pennington 3, and
Mr. Leitek 1," making in all 104 again—a suf-
ficient number to have elected any one of those
one hundred and four men who voted upon that
ballot.
Again, the " House proceeded to vote the sev-
cnty-lifth time for Speaker, with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 208; neces-
sary to a choice 105; of which Mr. Banks re-
ceived 101, Mr, Pennington 3, and Mr. Leiter
making in all 105; again, sir, a sufficient
number upon that vote to have elected any one of
those one hundred and_ five anti-Nebraska men
Speaker. These votes' were had upon the 28tli
day of December.
Here is a vote which was taken upon the 9th
of the present month:The Clerk again called
the roll, and the following was the result of the
one hundred and sixth vote for Speaker: Whole
number of votes cast, 187; necessary to a choice,
94; of which Mr. Banks received "88, Mr. Pen-
nington^ 6, and Mr. Henry Bennett 1;"
making in all, 95; showing that they could on
that vote have elected any one of their number
Speaker, if they could have agreed upon their
man.  
Then, sir, this fact is demonstrated to the House
and to the country, that wliile these gentlemen
agree in the principles upon which they wore
elected to seats in this body, they cannot harmo-
nize ; they cannot agree; they cannot concentrate
their votes upon any one individual of their party.
Now such being the fact, I submit it to you, to
them, and to all persons, whether they, and they
alone, are not responsible for the non-election of
a presiding officer of this House>
Can they ask us, then, to come over and help
them elect their man ? Can they ask us to vote
for the plurality rule, when voting for it under
these circumstances, and after the demonstra-
tions we have had in this House for the last five
weeks, would be tantamount to a dircc.t vote for
the candidate of that party, the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] Believing that
such would be the result of the adoption of the
plurality rule, I, for one, would as soon vote,
under the circumstances, directly for that gentle-
man, as give my vote for the plurality rul<5, and
thereby indirectly elect him.
I demand the previous question, in accordance
with my promise when I took the floor.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to lay the propo-
sition of the gentleman from North Carolina upon
the table, and upon it I ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. EDMUNDSON. Is it in order to otFer an
amendment to the resolution'
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks it is not, in-
asmuch as a motion has been made to lay the
proposition on the table, and the yeas and nays
have been called uoon the motion.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I would
inquire whether,if the resolution is not laid upon
the table, it would not be then amendable '
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks it would not,
as the previous question has been moved.
Mr. BOCOCIv. In answer to the question
raised by the gentleman from Kentucky, I wish
to state what is my understanding of the matter,
as it resfs upon parliamentary law, and not upon
the rules of the House. One gentleman can
move the previous question, and a single indi-
vidual can second it. When the previous ques-
tion lias been seconded, it is too late to move an
amendment. The only question then is, whether
the main question shall be now put, or at some
other time. The previous question, when moved
and seconded, cuts off all amendments.
The CLERK. The yeas and nays are de-
manded upon the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. MARSHALL. Jn order that an erro-
neous decision of the parliamentary law may not
be made, I would state that my understanding is,
that when the previous question has been moved
and seconded, and the House decidcs in the neg-
ative the question, " Shall the main question be
now put'" amendments are then in order.
Mr. BOCOCK. The only question is, shall
the main question be now put, or at a future time.
The CLERK. The Clerk would state that
the Manual says, "it would be postponed to a
future day." Does the gentleman insist upon
his motion to lay upon the table ?
Mr. WHEELER. I do.
The yeas and nays on the motion to lay on the
table were declared by the Clerk to be not or-
dered.
Mr. WHEELER.' I call for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sneed and
Dunn were appointed.
Mr. ORR. I should like to hear that resolution
read again.
Mi'.Clingman's resolution was again reported.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is thatan amendment pend-
ing now to an amendment?
Tne CLERK. There is no amendment. This
is the substitute accepted by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Purviance.]
' Mr. HOUSTON. Then I would like to offer
as a substitute for that, that no' debate shall.be
in order in the shape of personal explanation or
otherwise during the call of the foil; and if gen-
tlemen will take that in place of the present res-
olution, and try it for a few days, I will vote
for it.
The CLERK. The Cleric thinks that the res-
olution, as it stands, covers all the cases. The
Clerk thinks that, at any rate, it is too late now
to offer an amendment—the yeas and nays having
been ordered on the motion to lay on the table."
Mr. LEITER. I have a suggestion to make to
the gentleman from North Carolina. It is, that
it might be required to have a call of the House,
and the resolution should provide for that.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The resolution as it
stands docs not prevent a motion for a call of the
House. It merely prevents debate.
Mr. ORR. I understand its phraseology differ-
ently. It precludes any business except the vote
for Speaker. Will the Clerk be good enough to
read the resolution again?
The resolution was again reported.
Mr. ORR. The resolution is cxactly as I
supposed it was, and its interpretation will be,
that no business will be in order except to vote.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman from
South Carolina will suggest a verbal modification
to suit his views, J will accept it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from North Carolina how that portion
of his resolution which provides for members re-
maining and entering into debate after the second
ballot is taken, would prevent a majority of those
present then from rescinding the resolution -and
going- into an election?
Mr. CLIJNG-MAN. If a majority vote for the
resolution, I do not fear that it will be rescinded
by them so as to take effect on that day.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to all this. Tellers
are on the floor.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I would suggest to
the gentlnmn from North Carolina 
The CLERK, (interrupting.) This debate is
not in order.
Mr. COBB. I merely want to make a sugges-
tion.
Mr. CLINGMAN, [to the Clerk.] Insert in
the resolution, " cxccpt a call of the House."
Mr. MORGAN. No, sir, I objcct to this
alteration.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Have I not a right to make
this alteration ?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the gentle-
man has a right to modify his resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then insert the words,
" except calls of the House."
The CLERK. The gentleman from North
Carolina insists on his right to modify the reso-
lution.
Mr. MORGAN. Has he the right to do so after
a motion has been made to lay it on the table,
and while that motion is before the House?
The CLERK. The practice is, that any time
before the decision of a question the mover can
modify his resolution.
Mr. MARSHALL. Will the Clerk state the
position of the question before the House?
The CLERK. Tellers have been ordered on
the call for the yeas and nays on the motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Has the resolution
been modified ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to modify itagain,
by inserting " cxcept motions."
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 38; more than one fifth of a quorum.
So the yeas and nay/3 were ordered.
Mr. COBB. I would ask if the resolution has
been modified ?
The CLERK. It has been modified.
Mr. COBB. Let it be reported as modified. I
think that that proposition can be put in shape to
command the entire support of the House, if the
gentleman will only be patient enough to hear a
suggestion.
The resolution, as modified, was reported as
follows:
Resolved, Thdton the meeting of the House on each day,
until a Speaker is elected, the fi<xt business in order, except
motions, shall be to vote twice, &c.
Mr. COBB. • I wish to put a question to the
gentleman from North Carolina.
The CLERK. Debate is not in order.
