dm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
fives to the circuit judge in California the same
jurisdiction and puts him on the same footing
^with judges elsewhere, with this exception, that
lie lias no plate on the supreme bench. The bill,
as I originally drew it,provided for that; but in the
shape in which it has been reported back by the
committee, I am content with it, leaving the ques-
tion as to whether he shall ultimately go on the
supreme bench with the other judges, to be
decided hereafter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. The committee reported a
substitute for the original bill, and this is an
amendment to the substitute. I move the adop-
tion of the substitute.
The PRESIDENT. The substitute will be
read as amended.
Mr.FOOT. Imoveto disposewith the reading.
There being no objection, the reading was dis-
pensed witj>.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will inquire of my friend
from Georgia, in what way the land eases will
come before this judge, if at all? We have had
a land commission m California, with a right of
appeal from its decisions.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state to the Senate that
there is no difference at all between this bill and
the original bill establishing the California cir-
cuit court. That gave an appeal; this does ex-
actly the same thing; but that bill was passed in
March, to take effect on the first of July, 1855.
There were a class of eases tried by the commis-
sioners and taken on appeal to the circuit court
after the repeal of that law; but as the appeal to
the district court was taken away, and this act
did not go into operation the first of July, the ap-
peals taken in the mean time could go nowhere.
The object is to amend that act so that cases of
appeal from the land commissioners in those
three intervening months, shall go to the circuit
court precisely as all the rest. That is the pro-
vision.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to; and the bill, as amended, was reported to the
Senate. The amendments were concurred in;
and the bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading. It was read a third
tune, and passed.
BOUNTY LA NT) BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
8) to amend the act, "in addition to certain acts
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged in the military ser-
vice of the United States," approved March ,43,
1855; the pending question being upon the adop-
tion of the amendment of Mr. lvi-nibON to strike
out the third section of the substitute of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and insert in lieu of it
the following:
That m) much of the fluid section of the net " in addition
to ceit.uti act* giuniint? bounty land to ci'ituin olhf'is and
t>ol<)ioH who ha\e been entra^ed in the mihtasy service oi
the fanned State*,>'apjuoved I\3atHi «*, 1K>.3,asie<]uue. the
party claiming a ect tilieate or wart;uit under the piovnion*
of aet to e^tablMi Ins or her njjht tbeieto b> ieooid
evidence of the sei vire loi wlurh t-aid eeitifieate or wairant
ha> been or may be claimed, ho, and the «ame it* heioby,
repealed; and paiol evidence, wheic no lecord evidence
exi'fSj may be admitted to piove the service peifoimed,
under <uch rule® and regulations a* the Pension Ollice may
pi GsCilbe.
Mr. PUGH. I offer the amendment which I
suggested yesterday. I understand, of course,
that the question must first be taken on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Georgia, now pending;
but, for the information of the Senate, I shall ask
that my amendment may be read after I shall
have made a single suggestion.
The substitute reported by the committee pre-
scribed what should be "record evidence." It is
not confined, as some seem to suppose, merely to
the records of the Departments here, but is ex-
tended to the records of any of the States. If it be
necessary to perfect that design, I am willing to
follow it up by a joint resolution directing the
Commissioner of Pensions to apply to the States
for certified copies of their rolls; and so in regard
to the public corporations of the States.
My colleague on the committee, the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] and the letter of
the Commissioner of Pensions read yesterday,
have so fully explained the dangers of admitting
parol testimony in cases where a record exists,
that it is unnecessary for me to say a word on
the subject. I have endeavored, in the amend-
ment which I now propose, to add to the original
section so as to embrace all the authenticated
cases where it can be pretended that there are no
records, or where the records are imperfect. That
cannot be pretended in the cases arising from the
war of 1812, or the Mexican war. Why, when
we have the best evidpnee which the law knows,
we should go out for parol testimony, really
passes my comprehension. I do not desire to
detain the Senate, but it seems to me, that after
the original section shall be perfected by the
aadition of this amendment of mine, we shall
then include substantially all the cases.
Tin? PRESIDENT. The amendmentpending
is an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Do I understand my friend
from Ohio to offer the amendment, which he has
sent to the Secretary's desk, as a substitute for
' the amendment of the Senator from Georgia?
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order at this
time to offer the amendment. The Senator from
Ohio desires it to be read for the information of
the Senate, intending to offer it in the event of
the other amendment being voted down. The
question now is on the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Geoigia.
Mr. UAMLIN. That is the original amend-
ment, which was adopted on Friday?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAMLIN. I shall vote for that amend-
ment, and I wish to state, m a very few words,
the reasons which will control my vote.
I understand that the Senator from Ohio has
prepared what he proposes as a substitute for the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia, and he
will oiler it at the proper time, if he have the
opportunity to do so; and that opportunity will
occur if the amendment of the Solicitor fi om Geor-
gia shall be voted down. Now, if I understand
the substitute proposed, it is to include a certain
class of cases where parol evidence shall bo
introduced to show that certain service was per-
formed, and that certain battles or engagements
took place. The objection which 1 make to it is,
that partial legislation is always objectionable,
and never should be resorted to if it can possibly
be avoided. I understood the Senator from
Georgia, on Fiiday, to say that the amendment
as proposed by the Senator from Ohio did include
some classes of cases which existed m his own
State, but did not include all of them.
Mr. PIJGIL I have amended it this morning
so as to include all, in the very language given to
me by the Senator from Georgia himself.
Mr. IIAMLIN. I was not aware that the
amendment had been changed since it was pre-
sented on Friday; but still the objection which I
make is not obviated. The providing for a par-
ticular class of cases, and excluding all other
cases that may exist, equally meritorious, is as
unjust to those excluded as Jt would be to those
included in this amendment if they were notpro-
vided for by it. It is a system of legislation
special m its charactcr and unjust to all others.
1 hope the amendment which is suggested will
not be adopted. Let us have a general rule of
legislation, and not say that this case shall be
excluded, and that case shall be included, while,
by that very course, you exclude other cases
equally meritorious, and which may come within
precisely the same rules that are adopted in the
proposed amendment.
For these reasons I shall vote for the original
amendment offered by the Senator from Georgia.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment proposed
to be offered by the Senator from Ohio will be
read for the information of Senators. It is to
add to the third section the following:
jitid provided also, Thatpaiol testimony shall be received
undci ilie like rule> and lobulations, in the case-> of tho^e
\olunteers and miiiua-men who were actually engaged in
battle at the destruction of the brig Rvgent, on the coft-st of
New Jersey, undci the oidei-. of the Executive of said State;
and the eru-es of tho^ewho weie actually engiiupd m battle,
or taken prisoner,-*, when an eApedinon from the blockading
squadron entered Great I'Jgg Haibor, on the said coast; and
the cases of those volunteer.*, or nniitia-men, who weie
called into eeiviee by either of the States of Alabama,
fteoigia. or Florida, to supples* the hostility of the Cieeks,
Semiuolea, or othei Indians; and the ea.ses of tho<e per-
sons who volunteered without having been called into
service by the authouties ot the (Jmted States, or of any
State, bur were organized into companies-., and were en-
gaged jn battle wuh the enemy; and to prove the term of
service of all persons who were taken prisoners, and actu-
ally confined in the prisons, or on board the &hips of the
enemy; and such confinement or other imprisonment shall
be considered equivalent to service under the act to which
this is an amendment.
Mr. PUGH. Iam either unfortunate in not
enabling the Senator from Maine to understand
the grounds of my amendment, or else the Sen-
ator is determined not to understand it. I have
made no question of merit about this business
one way or the other. It is no question of merit;
it is a question of evidence.
If we have sufficient record evidence of any
battle, why do we talk about the merit? The
reason of confining ourselves to the record is to
prevent imposition. There is no pretense that
we have not records of the whole service in the
Mexican war. Therefore, to ask for parol evi-
dence in the cases of service in the Mexican war
is not for the benefit of those who served, but for
the benefit of those who did not serve. Yet the
Senator from Maine stands up here to talk about
meritorious cases 1
Now, I appeal to the Senator, where is the
necessity of parol evidence in the case of service
in the Mexican war? I hold that to have been
as meritorious as any other service. "Where is
the necessity of it in the case of those troops who
were enlisted by the United States as regulars in
the war of 1812 ? There is none. The records are
here, and they are peifect. There is no necessity
in the case of volunteers or militia-men who were
regularly mustered into the service of the United
States during that war. Th© records are here,
or they are in the possession of the States, and
can be obtained.
The only cases where parol evidence can be
admitted by the general principles of law, or on
any principle of equity, is where there are no
records, or where the recoids have been mutilated
or destroyed. Sir, I have listened to this discus-
sion, and whenever any Senator has stated a well-
founded case of that description I have incorpo-
rated it in to this amendment. Therefore,! stand
before the Senate to say that the object of the
committee at this stag-e is not to cut out any
meritorious case, but to prevent imposition; it is
to provide that there may be parol evidence where
the party cannot produce a record, but that, when
he can produce a record, he shall not resort to any-
thing else.
1 have said that, for the sake of perfecting this
bill, if the amendment of the committee should
be adopted, with the proviso now offered, I am
willing to followit up by a resolution (containing
an appropriation, if necessary) directing the
Secretary of the Interior or the Commissioner
of Pensions to procure from the different States,
or the different townships, or corporations of the
States, full and authentic rolls of the service of
their militia and volunteers. If the records here
are not sufficient, let us have others; but when
there is good evidence in existence—that which
the law calls the best evidence—why do we resort
to that which is not the best?
I repeat, sir, it is no question ofmerit as between
different services, but it is simply an attempt to
pi event the Government from being imposed on by
the pretensions of those who never served at all.
The Commissioner has informed the Senate of
the imminent danger of frauds to be practiced by
this system of parol testimony. In fact, they
are apparent. It is to rely on ex parte affidavits
of individuals as to what transpired in the brief
period offourteen days,after an interval of twenty,
thirty, or forty years. Why, sir, there is no
jury which eouhl be cmpanncled who would
trust such evidence. Yet on that we are to give
away the public domain. We have already
granted away, under the law as it now stands,
thirty millions of acres. How much more are
we to give ? The Senator from Pennsylvania esti-
mated, when he brought in the original bill of
1855, that thirty-live million acres would cover
every meritorious case. We have given away
thirty millions, and all the meritorious cases
which remain ought not, according to his estimate,
to include more than five million acres. But, sir ,1
venture to say, if the system of parol evidence be
admitted, thirty million acres more will not be
sufficient to satisfy the warrants which will be
granted.
I trust the Senate will be admonished—"I say it
with all respect—by the advice of the executive
officer, who has no feeling and no interest in the
matter, except to serve the public by his admo-
