1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
will not bring up that case to tell against Captain
Missroon.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I am always
very glad to hear the gentleman when he speaks;
but I do not see that his explanation has any par-
ticular relevancy to this matter. It is true that
some days since it was stated in discussion that
Mr. Maury had received the injury of a fractured
limb. It was rather intimated that this was the
cause for disrating him, because otherwise his
reputation was spotless. He had performed as
fair a proportion of sea duty, during the time he
was in the service, as the chairman of the board,
and more than several other members of the
board. There could have been no objection to
him on this ground. His moral standing none can
impeach—none dare do it. Then what was the
reason for his displacement? I presume there
must have been some cause. Because he limps ?
If that was the only cause for removing him,
pray has he not performed duty since his leg was
broken ? I believe he has. Why has he not per-
formed sea duty for the last seven years? Be-
cause it was refused to him wiien he applied for
the privilege of performing it. That is the rea-
son of it; and I desire to have it fairly understood.
They must have had some pretext for it. He has
performed as fair a proportion of sea duty as the
average of officers on the board, and his attain-
ments otherwise are higher. He was like the
tall poplar, and must be cut down. He was not
only a sailor and a gentleman, but he was a man
of science, renowned throughout the world, dis-
tinguished by honors which no other citizen had.
For this he must be separated from the Navy,
and degraded. " Oh!" say the board, " we must
be the elite; if we get but one whistle, we will take
that. That will do some good. We will trumpet
you—you will whistle us; and if you do not, you
must take care, Thorburn. We will strike you
down in a whistle."
I could speak of numbers of others. Take the
case of Commander Shaw—one of the best look-
ing men I see about Washington. He looks as
though he could himself alone give a broadside
to a seventy-four as quickly as it would have
been done by Captain Stribling with his undrilled
crew. I would just as soon take a chance with
him as I would with Stribling, because the in-
spection showed that before Stribling could bring
Ins guns into action, his vessel might be sunk.
Shaw would at least have had two cracks at the
enemy before they got nearer. He had an im-
portant command in the West Indies at the time; j
and he was stricken down—for what ? Ineffici-
ency? Of course they could not retire him for
anything else than inefficiency!
Ringgold, too, one of the most accomplished and
scientific officers in the naval service of this or
any other country, was also stricken down; and
here is Rolando—it is a great mercy he has not
been dropped. I should like to know what trum-
peting and whistling ought to be done when Ro-
lando shows himself in the streets of Washing-
ton city, when marching one hundred men two
miles up the beach, and down again, requires a
whistle. Sir, a thousand guns for Rolando
would be too little a greeting on his return to the
American shores. But how did he return? With
humiliation, shame, and confusion. He is a man
who has acquired for your country a fame which
no other man in modern times has done. Sir,
his conduct in the China seas is without a par-
allel. You may take your Nelsons and all the
heroes of antiquity; but it will require old Nep-
tune himself to rival Rolando. He has performed
feats which electrified the British Navy. Sir,
they struck Europe to the heart. They aroused
their sluggishimpulses, and animated their pride
in the recollection, I presume, of former days.
The Queen of Spain conferred on him the order
of knighthood. What else was done? The
English did not participate in the bloody scenes,
where the scuppers of liis gallant ship gushed
blood. When the enemy were forced to run
away, they exploded the vessel and threw him
into the ocean, but he recovered again. Those
who only contemplated his feats of gallantry and
chivalry—what was done for them ? The captain
who commanded the British vessel was made an
admiral, and his lieutenant a commodore. What
have we done for Rolando ? We have disgraced
that gallant and chivalrous man. And do you
expect glory and honor to perch on the banners
of your Navy, and to maintain its well-earned
renown, when you strike down such men as
Rolando, and leave such men as composed this
board ? Are you going to confide the honor of
the nation to men, regardless of the chivalry of
their fellows, who have lost all esprit du carps,
and who appropriate all favor, all power, all
patronage to themselves. Sir, I am not prepared
to do it.
These men have had no hearing. The law said
their cases should be " carefully'' examined. Has
the President examined them ? No. In the first
place the board were to retire those who were
inefficient, and drop those morally unworthy.
They have done neither, and therefore they have
not executed the law. The President has not
carefully examined it, and therefore the action is
a nullity. He has not exercised the prerogative
of the Executive, because he said he acted in
accordance with the law; and, in conformity with
the law, the officers that are dropped were notified
of it, and the words " according to the law" are
inserted in his prefatory remarks in the notifica-
tion to them. Then, it was not by virtue of the
prerogative of the executive that it was done.
My friend from Delaware spoke the other day
of what General Jackson would have done. Sir,
Jackson was incapable of doing anything that
did not become a man—a whole man; for he him-
self was every inch a king. He was nature's
king. He was by birth nobility. He was not a
king hereditary, but to nature's lineage. Think
you, sir, that he would see honorable men stricken
down, dishonored,degraded, and humiliated, and
others forming combinations to sustain them,
trying to subsidize influence, denouncing men
through their friends, because they did not come
to the support of their bill ? No, sir; General Jack-
son would never do such a thing; but he would,
with his own hands, have wiped out forever from
the Register the names of those who sat on that
board. And I never will, while I live, support any
man for power or place who would not revise
that board, and exercise his prerogative on those
of them who are not able to vindicate themselves
against the machinations which stand charged
against them by the facts arrayed. We should
relieve the public from the odium of the respon-
sibility that must rest on us as a nation, unless
we redress it. It can be done,and the Secretary
of the Navy has distinctly said so.
Mr. President, there was no necessity for any
modification of the laws in relation to the Navy,
either as to its government or as to its organiza-
tion. It was only necessary to make provision
for a retired list. All the power necessary for
its correction, and for purging it of any improper
material, was already in the hands of the execu-
tive, either by the Constitution or by the laws.
It was in the power of the Secretary of the Navy
to order a court of inquiry, in relation to the con-
duct of any officer; they would report the facts
to him and he would submit them to the Presi-
dent, who might then exercise his prerogative.
If he lacked the courage to do it, he should report
them to the Senate, and ask for their advice and
consent in regard to the exercise of his preroga-
tive. After you had provided a retired list for
those pronounced incompetent by a board of
surgeons, the Navy would be relieved. Thus
all the useless portions would be dispensed with,
and this remedy would be efficient.
But men have been retired whose positions
were proud and preeminent. By these combi-
nations they are stricken down. One instance,
to which I have already alluded, is that of Ring-
gold, one of the elite of the Navy, a gallant and
chivalrous officer, a most accomplished and skill-
ful seaman, and an elegant gentleman. He, too,
has been hopelessly stricken down, because, on
one occasion, in the East Indies, when laboring
under the miserable effects of quinine, he became
delirious and a little errant in mind. Although
he recovered from this, it furnished a pretext for
striking him down, because he was more gallant,
| more accomplished, than those who judged him.
The temptation to the officers wiio served
upon the board was too strong for human nature
to resist. They were directly interested in the
result. The Secretary of the Navy has endeav-
ored to sustain their action by drawing examples
from the Army. He urges, as an analogous case,
that the Army was reduced under Mr. Madison,
and that that was the origin of the system which
has arisen. Why, sir, there is no more analogy
between the two cases than there is between a
common window and a sky-light in form and
appearance. After the war of 1812, when all
were prepared to be disbanded, Mr. Madison
selected three generals, whom he determined to
retain in the Army of the United States, and con-
stituted them a board to regulate and prune the
Army, exercising their judgment in retaining
and removing. In no other respect is there any
analogy between that proceeding and this of the
naval board. They could not by their action be
promoted; but how is it in this case > Strange to
say, the gentlemen of the board were directly
interested in its results. On this subject Commo-
i dore Stewart has said something which is worthy
of notice and remembrance. He speaks as a man
of sense and experience. He delineates this sub-
i ject in graphic and striding characters, that must
convince every candid man who will impartially
review the subject, that he has thoroughly exam-
1 ined it, and that he has examined his own heart
—the heart of a soldier, a sailor, a gentleman.
From his investigation he came to the conclusion
that it was unsafe to intrust to officers even the
subject of promotion alone. The board of which
he was summoned as a member, and on which he
refused to serve, was called to recommend the
propriety of promoting, not by seniority, but by
selection. He voted against it. He wished to
sit with open doors; so did Commodore Jones
and others; but we find that the president of the
naval board was then in favor of closed doors,
and that was effected on this occasion; but Com-
modore Stewart protested against any such pro-
ceeding at the time to which I have alluded. He
always voted in the negative upon their action,
and it failed. It was under the administration of
Mr. Bancroft, Secretary of the Navy.
The protest of Commodore Stewart, is as fol-
lows:
Solemn Declaration and Protest of Commodore Stewart,
agaimt the proceedings of a Board of Naval Officers assem-
bled at Washington, on July 21,1846.
The honorable Secretary of the Navy, in a communica-
tion to me, dated July 11,1846, directed me to repair to
Washington, " to enable the Department to avail itself of
the advice of officers of experience."
On the assembling of the convention of officers on the
21stinstant, he addressed a communication to us individu-
ally and collectively, requiring us to " express your (our)
opinion, whether in your (our) judgment, promotions in the
Navy should be made with exclusive reference to seni-
ority," 8tc.
On considering the form and language of these commu-
nications, it was evident to me that the Secretary of the Navy
required our individual opinions in regard to tlie matters
submitted to us in his communication of the 21st instant.
Fully impressed with this conviction, I suggested to this
convention, that each officer present should be required to
give his individual opinion on all matters then before it;
which proposition this convention did not accede to, but
proceeded to constitute itself a board or tribunal, wherein
the voices of the minority should be stifled, and the vote of
the majority of the officers assembled should decide all
questions that were to be acted upon by it.
If anything were wanting to render this proceeding on
the part of the board more objectionable, it may be found
in the fact that the efforts that were made to defeat it were
not in some cases considered, and in no case were they
placed on the record; and nowhere is there to be found an
indication of the opinion or vote of a single member on the
subject-
That this course was not in conformity with the views or
wishes of the honorable Secretary of the Navy, is made
manifest by a reference to his subsequent ommunication
on other matters submitted for our opinio is, wherein I am
addressed singly as the presiding officer of the board, and
in language which required me to express oar joint opinion
expressly as a board.
Had the honorable Secretary so required our joint opinions
on the matter first submitted to us, he would have expre«<ed
himself equally explicit. His requirements, then, as com-
municated to us in his letter of the 21st instant, not having
been complied with, X feel it my duty to meet them, so far
as it shall lie in my power, and after the manner which to
me shall seem most proper.
" No board of officers, however pare, is competent to past
upon the professional and moral qualificationt of any officer,
whether for promotion or for any other purpose, unless un-
der all the solemn obligations of oath to do justice—a close
and steady investigation into whatever demerits may be al-
leged, aided by all the lights of testimony in his behalf as well
as against him, and a patient hearing of whatever he may
have to advance in extenuation or defense."
Our naval organization is such that it is hardly possible
that the officers composing a board could have much per-
sonal knowledge of the qualifications or disqualifications
of those whose claims for promotion are to be considered.
To illustrate this remark, I will state that, of the fifteen
