252
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Butler.
Senate.
officers whose names Imve been passed upon hy this board,
I have no personal knowledge of the qualifications of more
than two of them, although 1 have numbered more than
forty-eight years of service, twenty-three of which have
been passed at sea. Most of them were unknown to me
even by name ; and as Hie remainder of the officers coin-
posing this board average a sea service of but eighteen and
a half years, it is highly probable that a majority of the
board never had an opportunity of forming an opinion of
them from personal knowledge in any one case. Yet,
notwithstanding this, this board, by a joint and secret ballot,
has recommended the promotion of certain officers, to the
injury of others, and that certain other officers should be
considered unworthy of promotion altogether.
The adoption of this joint and secret ballot has gone far
to render the proceedings of this board justly obnoxious.
Ct has assumed for itself the detestible attributes of the
Star Chamber. Not recognized by any law, nor under the
w—without even the obligation of an
"You will express your opinion whether, in your judg-
ment, promotion in the Navy should be made with exclu-
| sive reference to seniority?"
In obedience to the injunction contained in this para-
graph, T give it as my opinion that promotion should always
be made with exclusive reference to seniority, except where
great gallantry before an enemy shall entitle the officer to
the exalted distinction of a preference over his peers, or
where immediate guilt or incompetence shall be declared
to exist by a tribunal legally and expressly constituted to de-
termine the question.
CHARLES STEWART, Presiding Officer.
Washington City, D. C., July 23, 18-16.
But, sir, what was the crying necessity for this
attempted "improvement" and revision in the
protection of any law—icwww cuen. u*e unngatiun uj uji
oath to do justice to the office: on whose claims it has passed,
or to the service—without any evidence of their merits or
disqualitications,or without assigning any reason for its opin-
ions, either individually or collectively—it has given con-
demnatory judgment on the reputations of men long in the
service of their country—one of whom is now abroad serving
with distinction—emphatically intimating that they shall not
be promoted, and thus virtually disgracing them forever in
public estimation.*
There is nothing so precious-to an officer as his reputa-
tion. When arraigned for alleged offenses before a court-
martial, he earnestly, and at a great cost, seeks his vindica-
tion. He confronts his accusers, he objects to his judges,
he offers his witnesses, his explanations of defense, and
the truth is sifted. The judges are under oath to decide
according to law, the evidence, and their consciences; and
after a fair and impartial trial, the punishment, if any, falls
upon him sanctioned by law. And yet such punishment by
court-martial can rarely surpass in severity, and in its
effects, the judgment pronounced by this board —a board
fitting in secret conclave—their victim abroad, and unheard
in his defense ; without charges against him, vnthout evidence
of any kind, acting on suspicion or hearsay; without per-
sonal knowledge of his qualifications, and many of its
members perhaps influenced by personal prejudices and
enmities. Before such a tribunal no one would be safe. J1
clique,or even a single member of a board, might bring irrep-
arable injury upon the prospects of any officer in the service.
Such proceedings, so contrary to all received notions of j
propriety and public justice, and so opposed to the princi-
ples of our government, I, for one, could never counte- |
nance or be a party to. No other course was, therefore,
left to me, iu the various ballots for the selection of officers
for promotion, than to mark on every ballot—I decline to
vote.
In farther illustration of this hasty and obnoxious mode
of dispatching officers and disposing oftheir reputations, I
will here state that in one case papers were presented from
the files of the Department calculated to create prejudice
against that officer whose fate was to be passed upon—papers
having no claim to the character of evidence in any court
of honor or justice—and yet, at the sometime,other papers
tend testimonials of character, highly favorable to the indi-
vidual, and designated as such in the synopsis accompanying
the case, were never presented fo the board.
Yet so desirous do I find myself to comply, so for as it is
within my competence, with the requisitions of the hon-
orable Secretary of the Navy, that I feel it my duty to state
explicitly my opinion upon the chief inquiry propounded,
on the decision of which rests his subsequent requirements.
These, also, X conceive fully responded to in the opinion i
have now the honor to give.
The Hon. Secretary's main proposition, upon which de-
pend all others embodied in his letter of the 21st July, 1846
is in the following words: '
* The officer referred to by Commodore Stewart was
Commander Henry, of the United States sloop of war
Plymouth, who was furloughed by the board.
Legation of the United States,
m « c Rio kg Janeiro, December^, 1845.
Mr Dear Sir: Since my visit to the Plymouth with His
Excellency Hollanda Cavalcanti, Minister and Secretary
of State for the Affairs of the Marine of the Imperial Gov-
ernment of Brazil, on Monday, the 22d instant, I have not
had the opportunity until now to make tile proper and due
acknowledgment of the pride I felt, as an American citizen-
as a public functionary of my country, and as one ever
improvement and prosperity of our Navy, in the
exhibition of the perfectly beautiful and efficient ship'under
^ri«HB"Uaild; Jou> y°J  Officers, crew, and corvette are
eati led to my testimonial, and you shall have it.
°,r beauty ot naval architecture; for order, system, and
comfort of internal arrangements; for man-of-war like aD-
pearance; for apparent efficiency; for battery, and partic-
ularly ite preservation; for cleanliness; for spiie to Sot
work, for ventilation by ports or pumps; for adaptation
especially, m all respects to a warm climate; for total ab-
sence of ail gimcrackery;  for lightness and yet strenguT
for elegance without one extravagant or useless ornamfm •
fpr quiet discipline, and for the sweet and cordial shipshane
entertainment which makes so favorab e an impresSSf
our country upon strangers abroad, I have never seen a shin
of our own or any other nation to surpass, and in some
essentia! respects to equal, the game-looking Plymouth
' ? Excellency, the Minister of Marine, who has a good
eye, looked inquiringly about him; and was so struck with
admiration at the naval model he was inspecting that he
will doubtless seek of you further information to enable
him to cause its imitation by the service of which he is the
distinguished head.
I trust you will furnish him with drafts, if required • and
I have the honor to be, with thanks for the honor vou'havp
done our national character, your obedient servant
™ „ HENRY A. WISE,
lo Captain Henry Henry, United States ship Plymouth
harbor of Rio U. Janeiro. ymman,
t _ I • 4V11UIV1I lit tliu
Navy ? It is the clamor of young officers who
are burning for promotion. Is there any wrong
done to them by restraining their anxiety, impas-
sioned as it may be? Not at all. ^^hen they
j j enter the Navy they know the conditions under
| which they do so; they know the rules of the
service, and the system of promotion through
the various grades; thus they have no right to
complain if they cannot obtain promotion in the
regular course. By adhering to it we are not
wronging them; and is their clamor to displace
men who have for thirty or forty years relied
on the faith of this Government, that, as long
as they demean themselves honorably and use-
fully to the country, they should be sustained by
her? Are they to be displaced to give room for
the young aspirants—many of them the relations
of members of the board—and to give room for
members of the board themselves ? Is there a
| solitary officer who served upon the board who
i was not directly interested in the revision of the
! Navy Register, and who did not receive promotion
| as a consequence of his own individual action ?
| More than half, if not two thirds, promoted not
only themselves but also their own relations.
Can you tell me, in the face of the country, that
such proceedings can be honest, when Commo-
dore Stewart was even opposed to the princi-
ple (unless in very extraordinary cases) of going
out of the ordinary rule of promotion by rotation.
But here we see men's heads were cut off for
the sake of young aspirants and gentlemen who
clamor—men who call themselves "the country,"
" the wisdom of Congress,"having all the knowl-
edge of everything that is necessary in order to
a revision of the Navy to give efficiency to the
right arm of the servicc. Sir, it is a useless arm
now; in its present condition it is paralytic.
The nation has now but one arm, and that is the
Army of the country; it is that on which she
must rely to defend her. You have fine vessels;
you intend to build more; but you have not in
the Navy the personnel that has been culled out
and stricken down. Instead of improving the
Navy it has been impaired; its strength and effi-
ciency have been lost by what has been done.
You must raise it by repeal; you mustgive strength
y°u must confirm its strength
^ REPEAL; for nothing short of that will do
it. That is all that will save the country. I care
notso much for individuals as for my coun-
try s honor and glory. Think you not that a
seventy-four gun ship, filled from keel to deck
with Maurys, would not produce in the sailor's
heart one single thrill, one glorious aspiration
tor imperishable renown? If not, then, sir, a thou-
sand retiring boards, filling creation, would never
glorify one banner on the bosom of the Atlantic
or the Pacific, when they carry with them such i
principles as their actions have revealed. If they
have before sustained a character for bravery, '
when they come to review their acts they must I
think "conscience makes cowards ofusall." For !
my deductions I take history, and the official 1
records of the Department for my guide; and I
present them to the world with my views upon <
them, imperfect as they are. i
I have referred to the case of Commodore Stew- '
art. That gallant man, a man far above reproach,
has felt the iron in his soul inflicted by tyro
hands, though he had won renown and glory for
nis country, dignified its banner, and borne aloft
its pennant in victory, when those by whose
action he has suffered never saw the enemy save
that one to whom I have already referred—the one
of whom I mentioned the whistling. Perhaps one
of them was on somebody else's ship, and staid
o" f"d,was shot at, and did his duty, but
Stewart did more than Ms duty. His duty was
to defend his country; but he gavp it glory in
return for its reliancc that lie would defend it. He
was one who gave prtstige to your Navy, as did
Jones, and other illustrious nien, who, after
having been drenched with blood, and left with
mutilated limbs, are now " crushed out"—I use a
courtphrase—" crushed out." Sir, I do not care
to " crush out" others, but I wish to replace those
who have been unjustly deprived of their posi-
tion, and to put them where they ought to stand.
I wish to restore the national honor—to redeem
its faith that was plighted to them. I desire to
I wipe out what was imperfectly done, or was ren-
i dered a nullity by the want of fidelity in the offi-
cers who undertook a proceeding in which par-
!, tiaiity and selfishness are their only recommenda-
! tions.
j j
) Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I wish to make
a few remarks entirely explanatory of some state-
; ments which have been made by the honorable
Senator from Texas, in relation to a distinguished
constituent of mine, Commodore Shubrick. I
shall take but a short time, and I am as willing
i to go on now as to-morrow morning; but, if it
j will make no difference to the Senate, I shall
postpone them until to-morrow, because I wish
to make my remarks in a spirit of perfect calm-
ness, and 1 desire that they shall go forth as his-
torical truths, and not be wrapped up in anything
like a spirit of denunciation or declamation. I
wish to speak so that what I say will be a plain
tale, and will put down a great deal that has been
said on the subject.
j Mr. WELLER. There can be no objection
■ to the postponement of this subject until to-mor-
| row, with the understanding that it is not to go
beyond the morning hour.
Mr. STUART and others (to Mr. Butler.)
, You had better go on now.
Mi. WELLER. I know of nothing that will
come up to-morrow during the morning hour,
and for that reason I move to postpone this ques-
tion until to-morrow, with the understandiii°", of
course, that the question must go over when one
o clock arrives, because to-morrow has been as-
signed for the deficiency bill, on which I know
my friend from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] is anx-
ious to obtain the early action of the Senate. I
therefore move to postpone this subject until to-
morrow.
Mr. CLAYTON. I certainly desire to be
heard in relation to this matter, and I am quite
prepared to go on now, if necessary. I have no
idea of being postponed from day to dav after
what we have heard.
Mr. BUTLER. As I have the floor, I will
proceed with my remarks now.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from South
Carolina is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, it is scarcely
necessary for me to say anything in relation to
my friend, Commodore Shubrick. The tenorof
his life, and even the conduct which has been so
severely animadverted upon by the Senator from
Texas, will vindicate him. Yet I will state in a
general proposition that, whatevermay have been
said by Commodore Shubrick, and whatever may
have been written by him, this fact stands out
uncontradicted, that, whilst he was in command
of the Pacific squadron, he performed his duty to
the satisfaction of his Government; and, although
he did feel a little stung by what seemed to be
somewhat of a reflection on him, when the ap-
peal was made to him, and he was required, by
the slightest intimation, to perform service, the
1 certainty is before the country that he did all the
fighting. It is a well-known fact, that all the
i nava' operations on the Pacific during the Mexi-
can war (except what had been done by Com-
modore Stockton before he* reached there) were
conducted by Commodore Shubrick with con-
summate skill, and with the approbation of the .
Navy Department. He did not leave there until
peace was declared; and he was not superseded
by Commodore Jones during the war. He posi-
tively refused, on more than one occasion, to
leave his station whilst a gun was to be fired.
No doubt, in the heat of excitement, with a feel-
ing of just disappointment, the reason for which
I shall state presently, h'e may have manifested a
uttle resentment; but the soldier's spirit within
