1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
lias performed the scrvice, who is entitled to the
reward, shall—though he prove it as clear as day-
light to the satisfaction of every one—have his
testimony and his claim rejected, because it is
not of a particular species which might have been
expected in that case. Not at all. You will
weigh his evidence according to all the circum-
stances. If a record can be produced, and the
officer knows that it exists and can be produced,
lie will require it. If he does not know that it
can be produced, he will take other evidence; and
lie may exact a little more of it if he should sus-
pect any disposition to suppress or keep out of
view a record. That would be the effect of such
a rule as I have suggested. Let us have that;
let this bill define and describe the persons who
are to be entitled to its bounty, and let it say they
shall have it upon " satisfactory proof being
made." In that broad and ample language, it
seems to me the whole merit and the whole jus-
tice of this case would be comprehended.
Amendments have already been adopted to this
bill, which render the recommitment of it, I pre-
sume, a matter of necessity—certainly a matter
of prudence. It is a very important bill. It was
suggested long ago that some of the amendments
adopted do not cohere very well with some other
parts of the bill—a consequence very natural.
It ought to go back to the committee, now in-
structed as to the sense of the Senate, so that
they may modify the bill, and make all its parts
harmonize, and speak the sense of the Senate.
The amendments made are not the only amend-
ments which, I think, the committee will find ne-
cessary on examination. In the fifihsection, for
instance, you say that clerks, " and other assist-
ants" of all quartermasters, commissaries, and
some other classes of officers, shall be entitled to
the benefits of this law. Now, 011 such a subject
as this, shall we make a provision so vague, and
not only vague, but which does not admit of any
reasonable certainty? Who are these "other
assistants" of quartermasters and commissaries ?
Do you know, sir? Is there any Senator here
that knows ? How are they employed—how long
retained? "What are their duties? How long
must they act ? In what country must they act
—in the enemy's country-, or at home? Most of
these officers' clerks and assistants of quarter-
masters and commissaries, 1 take it for granted,
have been in service in the heart of our own peace-
ful country during the war with Mexico, buy-
ing provisions and other things necessary for the
sustenance and support of your army. Are they
—" clerks and other assistants," a nameless, in-
describable, vague band, to be testified to I do not
know how—to be brought upon a level with the
soldier who fought the battles of the country, or
those who were in attendance upon them, and
exposed to all the perils of war ? Certainly that
is not the purpose or intention of the Senate; yet
that is your bill. 1 will read the words of the
provision, that there may be no uncertainty about
this statement:
"Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That clerks and
other assistants of quartermasters, commissanes, paymas-
ters, and surgeons" 
The clerks, and other assistants of these im-
Eortant branches of the military service, are to
e put on a footing with the soldier, and to receive
bounties, when 1 suppose one half of tliem—I
speak without any accurate knowledge, I admit—
never left this country, were stationed in New
Orleans, at St. Louis, and through the country,
performing, to be sure, the proper duties of their
department, but employes in the civil departments
of the Government, and no otherwise. Every
clerk in the Departments here—every cWk in the
employ of the General Goveimment has just as
much right, if he served during a war, to ask for
a bounty in land—at least, so it seems to me. I
submit, therefore, with great deference to the com-
mittee, whether this provision does not require
some curtailment as to the parties included, and
some little more certainty and definitivenoss in
the language employed to describe them; else it
is open to wide and unbounded claims. There
is no record—and I presume there need not be—
which shows who were employed as assistants
by the quartermasters, commissaries, and sur-
geons. Who wore the surgeon's assistants?
Those who helped him to dress wounds, or nurses
who attended upon the sick? Who are the quar-
termaster's assistants? Men who go out into the
country upon employment and for wages to pur-
chase flour, meat, and other things necessary for
your quartermaster's and commissary's depart-
ments? No one can tell. I am persuaded that
the committee themselves will think some modi-
fication of this provision necessary. I do not
intend to make a motion for that purpose, for I
have no desire to interfere with this measure,
deeply interesting and important as it is. T am
perfectly willing to leave it to those who have
paid more attention to the subjects; but I could
not forbear to mention these difficulties which ^
saw in the face of a measure of which I am in
favor. I am in favor of it, and I desire to see it
make certain and clear work to its entire and full
object and scope, and no more. It has occurred
to me, therefore, that the best course which could
be taken with this bill, now that there has been
so much debate and so much interchange of opin-
ion here, would be to refer it back to the commit-
tee, who can in a day or two report it to us again
in a form in which, perhaps, wo can pass it with
less delay than is likely to be occasioned now.
I will not make the motion; but I throw out the
suggestion. If it is acceptable to others, I hope
that course will be pursued.
Mr. BUTLER. It is not my disposition or
purpose to take any part in this debate, or to in-
terfere with the bill materially; but, in justice to
my own judgment and experience in relation to
the species of testimony which has been brought
within the scopc of the amendment of my friend
from Georgia, I cannot vote for it. I had some
experience at one time while I was a judicial
magistrate, when the pension law went into
operation. Now, I state this flagrant case: A
soldier, a Whig, who fought on the side of inde-
pendence, was refused his pension at the Depart-
ment; while a Tory, who fought against him,
obtained a pension on parol testimony. If you
introduce parol testimony, it will give to the ob-
scure—those who performed obscure services—
an opportunity to obtain a bounty, which prob-
ably they would not have if there wore more pal-
pnble testimony within the reach of the Depart-
ment. If you give such a scope as this to the
evidence by which bounties are to be created,
I know no limit. It is in that point of view
that I shall be compelled to vote against all these
amendments that look to giving bounties on parol
testimony.
Bills of this kind were not originally^ intro-
duced entirely with a view to grant bounties, but
to distribute the public land; yet I wish to have
it distributed in such a way that only those who
are entitled to it shall have bounty; and, if you
enlarge the sphere of application by this parol
testimony, I know no limit. I cannot, therefore,
support it.
Mr. STUART. I am reluctant to say a word
on this subject to-day, because I wish to have it
disposed of, so that we may get at other ques-
tions; and but for what has fallen from the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] I do
not know that I should have felt myself called
upon to say a word; but I think I can explain in
a few sentences what the Senator thinks is an
incongruity between the amendment offered by
the Committee on Public Lands and the original
act of 1855.
The act of 1855 gave bounty land to individuals
who had served m a war; and the language in
the first section of that act has received that con-
struction at the Pension Office—undoubtedly the
true construction—and every application is re-
jected for service in the Army or Navy of the
United States unless that service is proven to
have been in a war. It has been rejected where
the scrvice was in the States during the war with
Mexico, except in individual instances, where it
was to man fortifications. The service is con-
fined, therefore, to some war in which this
country has been engaged since 1790. Service in
a battle is sufficient, or fourteen days' scrvice
during actual war, without having been engaged
in battle.
The fifth section, to which the honorable Sen-
ator has alluded, is only specifying a class of
individuals who were held not to be included
within the language of the original act; and the
Senator asks, who are these assistants? He ob-
jects to the section as not being sufficiently defi-
nite. These " assistants'' are described in the
language which follows—to include all those who
were subject to military duty. That language
only relates to individuals who could be called
into actual service by the commanding officer of
the regiment at any moment. I cannot mysejf,
individually, answer as to this point; but I can
say that I am assured by the commissioner, and
by military gentleman, that the language is suffi-
ciently definite. This is all I am able to say on
that subject. So the honorable Senator will dis-
cover that the provisions of the substitute offered
by the committee, all refer to the act of 1855; and
that act having received a construction which
applies it to service in a war—not home service-
one of the objections to which the honorable
Senator refers would not arise.
I beg leave to express a hope that the bill will
not be recommitted to the committee; but that it
will be disposed of. It seems to me that it ought
to be disposed of at once.
Now, on the subject of admitting parol evi-
dence, I wish only to say a few words, and then
leave it to the judgment of the Senate. I think
the cases which have been stated by my honor-
able colleague, [Mr. Cass,] by the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] and
by the honorable Senator from California, [Mr.
Weller,] ought to verify what I said in the first
instance when we proceeded to discuss the bill-
that the object of the committee was not to with-
hold bounty land fiom men who were deserving
under the act of 1855, but to prevent its being
given to men who never performed any service-
manufactured cases, some of them manufactured
by design, many more of them, I am willing to be-
lieve, with the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] by mistake. I beg leave to repeat
that the provisions of the act of 1855 go back ad
far as 1790.
Take the case stated by my honorable colleague,
where a man comes up to him and says he has
not seen him sincc the battle of Tippecanoe, and
that he saw him there, and he gives day and date
and circumstance; but my honorable colleague
was never there at all. Take the case stated by
the honorable Senator from California, where
affidavits were made and actually sworn to, prov-
ing that he did not perform his duty at the battle
of Buena Vista, a battle at which he never was;
and that is no further back than the war with
Mexico.
The question therefore is, whether Congress,
having in the act of 1855 limited this service to
fourteen days, will allow parol evidence to show
the fourteen days' service? If they will, then I
confess it would be little short, in my judgment,
of allowing bounty land to any man who should
apply for it.
I wish to be understood on this subject. If
this act was at all cotemporaneous with the
service, if the men who had rendered the service
were alive to-day, I would give one hundred and
sixty or three hundred and twenty acres of land,
if my vote would do it, to every single man of
them, who would live on it, and occupy it: but s
it does no such thing; it gives the land in such a
manner that a vast amount of it will go to men
who deserve nothing. I know something in
regard to this subject, which has occurred in my
own region, and m the State of New York. I
know numbers of men who draw bounty land
under this act, who were engaged in the patriot
war—many of them, instead of protecting our
country, helping the enemy. They get one hun-
dred and sixty acres for it. _We all know cases
of men who were called out in the service of the
country, and ran away—actually fled; and they
get one hundred and sixty acres of land for it.
Sir, these things are true. We are now pro-
ceeding to reward the representatives of men who
served in 1790 and in 1812; and to what extent?
The letter of the Commissioner of Pensions, which
was read yesterday, stated that the great majority
of the cases under the act of 1855 arose for services
during the war of 1812; and he says that^there
are very few of those cases where there are not
records.
Now suppose you open this door, and there is
a case made out by parol. A man swears that he
served in a company, but by inspection of the
rolls his name is not found. 1'ou are not author-
ized to reject his claim; it cannot be done. It- is
therefore simply opening the door to a system of
fraud which has never been equaled in the history
of this country, Why? We cannot shut our eyea
