1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1863
tlemen may abandon the hope of starting any
new points. Then, as now, it was contended
that the proceeding had only the authority of pop-
ular primary assemblies, and was irregular and
without law. That a few districts had not par-
ticipated in the election; that a majority of all the
voters had not come to the polls; that the oaths
were extra-judicial and not binding; that there
was no technically legal evidence of the facts; and
that, although the technical rules of evidence
were not necessary in legislative action generally,
yet that the Senate was acting judicially, and for
that reason stricter proof was necessary; and,
singular,coincidence m that case as in this, the
popular movement was opposed, because it super-
seded a prior election held under legislative
authority.
Whatever points of difference existed were, as
with former precedents, in favor of the case now
before the House. Our evidence of what was
done is far more precise and satisfactory; whilst
our proceeding, as it involves no apportionment
or convention, would require far less. Our elec-
tion had the authority of a formal proclama-
tion, signed by large numbers of the people. The
qualifications of voters were the same as desig-
nated by Congress. A majority of voters had
most probably participated in the election. The
prior election which .we seek to supersede is
shown to be void in itself; whilst, above and
beyond all, is the distinction, that the object of
fhe former proceeding was irrevocably to fix the
boundaries of a sovereign State, and of this, only
to confer the privileges of a consulting Delegate.
Time will not serve to quote the able and
statesmanlike arguments by which the objec-
tions were met. Suffice it to say, that in sup-
port of the movement of the people were found
such able and experienced lawyers and states-
men as llives of Virginia, Benton of Missouri,
Buchanan of Pennsylvania, Wright and Tall-
madge of New York, Grundy of Tennessee,
Niles of Connecticut, Strange and Brown of
North Carolina, Walker of Mississippi, King
and Nichols of Alabama, Fulton of Arkansas,
King of Georgia, and otheis. And m fhe House
the debate was of fhe same character. The dis-
cussions in both were deliberate and full: author-
ities were largely quoted, and the fundamental
doctrines of our institutions thoroughly and
elaborately examined; and the result was, an
act of Congress admitting Michigan, m the pre-
amble to which this popular movement and
second convention received a solemn and ex-
press sanction as the act of the people of the
State of Michigan. The most querulous seeker
for precedents can ask nothing more. Upon that
foundation alone, the great State of Michigan
rests 111 this Union; and if the assem'>]"d wis-
dom of the nation, backed by the presidential
approval of General Jackson, deemed it, on the
nmst thorough examination, broad enou-h, and
strong enough, and deep enough, to sustain so
great a weight, and if time has but verified and |
approved their decision, surely, sir, this House i
will not consider it too frail to sustain a territo- ,
rial Delegate ? i
MR. BROOKS RE-SWORN AS A MEMBER. j
Mr. I30YCE. Mr. Speaker, 1 rise to a privi- I
leged question. An election has recently taken 1
place to supply two vacancies in the delegation j
from the State of South Carolina. One of the .
gentlemen elected is now m attendance—the FJon. j
P. S. Brooks. I hold in my hand Mr. Brooks's
commission under the great seal of the State and 1
the signatures of the Secretary of fetate and the j
Governor. I move, sir, that Mr. Biiouks be now j
sworn in. j
Mr. Brooks came forward, and the Speaker j
administered to him the oath to support the Con- '
stitution of the United States. j
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. 1
A message was leoeived from the Senate, by j
Mr. Dickws, its Secretary, informing the House j
that the Senate had passed bills of the following :
titles; in which he had been directed to ask the |
concurrence of the House: i
An act (S. No. 10) to continue the improve- !
ments m the harbor of Newark, New Jersey; I
An act (S. No. 15) to continue the improve- I
ment of the harbor of Conneaut, Ohio; j
An act (S. No. 16) to continue the improve-
ment of the harbor of Huron, Ohio; I
An act (S. No. 17) to continue the improve-
ment of the harbor of Ashtabula, Ohio;
An act (S. No. 18) to continue the improve-
ment of the harbor of Sandusky City, Ohio;
An act (S. No. 19) to continue the improve-
ment of the harbor of Cleveland, Ohio;
An act (S. No. 20) to continue the improve-
ment of the harbor at the mouth of the Black
river, Ohio;
An act (S. No. 21) to continue the improve-
ment of the harbor of Fairport, Ohio;
An act (S. No. 22) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor at the mouth of Oak Orchard
creek, New York, on Lake Ontario;
An act (S. No. 2.3) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Buffalo, New York, on
Lake Erie;
An act (S. No. 24) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Dunkirk, New York, on
Lake Eric;
An act (S. No. 25) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Sodus Bay, Cayuga county,
New York, on Lake Ontario;
An act (S. No. 26) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Sodus Bay, "Wayne county,
New York, on Lake Ontario;
An act (S. No. 2?) for completing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Oswego, New York, on
Lake Ontario;
An act (S. No. 28) making an appropriation
for a steam dredge on Lake Ontario;
An act (S. No. 29) making an appropriation
for the continuation and completion of the break-
water on the harbor of Burlington, on Lake
Champlain;
An act (S. No. 52) to provide for the continu-
ing of the improvement of the Missouri river;
An act (S. No. 67) for continuing the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Arkansas river;
An act (S No. 95) to continue the construc-
tion of a harbor on the east side of Reedy Island;
An act (S. No. 338) for the relief of the Co-
lumbian Ilaunony Society of the city of Wash- '
ingion; j
An act (S. No. 38-1) to incorporate the guard- ]
ians of the poor; and I
An act (S. No. 3^5) to incorporate the Wash- '
ington Mutual Building Association. !
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN, j
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I des.ro I
to ask leave of the House—a*> it will be impo;-- !
sible for me to deliver the speech 1 shall be com- I
polled to make within the space of one hour—to
allow me to proceed with my speech after my
time shall have expired.
Mr. TTIORINCTON. I object.
The SPEAKER. When the gentleman \s time
shall have expired, the Chair will submit the
question to the House.
Mr. WHITFIELD. Yesterday, Mr. Speaker,
when the communication from the contesting
Delegate was presented, some members of the
House objected to its being read. 1 then made
a request that tlie objection should be withdrawn,
and that his communication should be heaid by
the Ilousc. 1 shall notico\ery briefly some things
in that communication. That gentleman, since
nay acquaintance with him began, has taken so
many positions on various questions, and especi-
ally m respect to his own acts, that 1 only ask
the House may take them all together. I shall
be compelled to go into an examination of my
own course; and that I inny answer as many of
the points m the case as 1 can do, 1 have thought
proper to commit a large portion of my argument
to wilting.
Although the position I occupy before this
House and the countiy is not, m all respects, a
novel one, yet it is so in some of the important
considerations which it excites. Contested elec-
tions have been common f-ince the organization
of the Government, both before, Congn ss and the
State Legislatures; yet the numerous'uses 1 have
been able to examine have failed to furnish me a
precedent for that prominent feature of my own,
which has associated it directly with the great
political contest now going on between the two
sections of the Union, and which is so far dis-
turbing our domestic harmony as to excite in
the minds of the best patriots of the land the most
serious uppiehensions tor its future peace and
perpetuity. Were it not so connected—were it
free from the entangling influence thus surround-
ing it, and so separated from tjii^ exciting and
dangerous contest as that it could stand upon its
merits only, and be justly and calmly considered
upon such legal questions as grow out of it—were
it, indeed, wliere all questions of the kind ought
to be, wholly uninfluenced by party and party
interests, I should not entertain a doubt about its
speedy and proper settlement. But, unfortunately
for the people of Kansas, and for the country, I
fear there are those here who will not thus act
towards it, who consider it rather as a ques-
tion the settlement of which is to affect their own
political fortunes, and the fortunes of the party to
which they belong, who view its existence as a
fortunate event for them, because it enables them
to agitate the embarrassing question of slavery,
and who intend to use it, so far as they have the
power to do so, as the means of bringing on a
sectional contefctforthe Presidency, with the hope
of placing m their own and the hands of their
friends, the power and patronage of the Govern-
ment. I fear, too, that there arc those here who
; have rendered themselves partial and prejudiced
! judges, from their voluntary pledges made to
j secure their seats in this body, or who have been
: made so by the influence of political meetings
! held m some of the northern States, where reso-
i lutions prepared by those who made themselves
familiar with neither the facts iior the law of the
case, have declared that, at every hazard, and
whatever the result, the gentleman who is con-
sidered my competitor shall be legislated by this
i House into the place which I now legally and
constitutionally hold. To these gentlemen, if
there are any such here, I beg to say that it is no
light and trilling matter thus to deal with a ques-
J tion swelled as this has been into its present mag-
j nitude. The peace and quiet of the people of
j this country are worth more than the success of
any party. This matter has assumed such a
shape as to involve, in a great degree, that peace
and quiet, and they should recollect how heavy
is the responsibility it imposes upon them. They
are here as judges, bound by theirhonorasmen,
and by their oaths as Representatues, to try the
issue before them fairly and impartially, and they
should beware that they do not wander so far
from the path of justice as that their example
shall furnish a precedent hereafter, which some
other party, m its madness and excitement, may
employ as the means of securing its own power
and success at the expense of justice, law, and
right. They should not forget, whatever their
party alliance*, or party hopes, tlmf they are hon-
orably pledged to impartiality in all their actions
here, and that no-party, however omnipotent, can
release them from the obligations imposed by
this pledge. I have a right to demand this im-
partiality at their hands; and if they shall fail to
give it, while they may inflict an injury upon the
people whose representative I claim to be, they
may also inflict a wound upon their own con-
sciences, which, if they do not now, they may
hereafter, feel with the most agonizing intensity.
No man can perpetrate a wronu, whatever present
and immediate gain it may afford him, without
feeling at some tune or other the gnawmgs of that
44 sleepless monitor" winch never fails to perform
its duty or inflict its tortures. While I do not
claim the prerogative of adviser, yet 1 will venture
to remind them that, not only on account of the
people 1 represent, and of the country, but on their
own account, it is necessary for them to remem-
ber, that the mad excitement into which they
have lashed a portion of the public mind cannot
much longer remain at its present height; but
that it must subside, and the "sober second
thoughts" of the people again begin its work.
Then their own calm judgmmitwill condemn the
purpose which 1 feat they are now cherishing,
but which they have not yet executed, and which
I veril}' believe they would not execute if they
would only stop long enough to see and consider
the consequences that may follow it.
Whilst j under ordinary circumstances, there is
not a question growing out of this contest, upon
the discussion of which I should not enter, with
the fullest assurance that its settlement bv the
House would sustain my right to the seat 1 now
hold here, yet I frankly concede that the consid-
erations I have named are sutfieient to excite in'
my mind some embarrassment, lest 1 may be led,
by a just maintenance of my legal and constitu-
tional rights, to say something that shall add to
