1856.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
proceed with the business. He wanted a Speaker eleeted—
either a Whig or a Democrat, They had remained blocked
long enough," &c.
The resolution was premature, sir, for it was
only the third day of the session, and it was laid
on the table by a large'' majority. But evti*y one
of the eleven members who voted against thus
killing; it were Democrats, headed by my friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Bocock,] now in his seat,
and by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Say-
age] over the way.
The second proposition was by Mr. Stanton, of
Tennessee, another Democrat, who, on page 6,
proposed to confine the choice to the fourliighest
candidates, and, on the next ballot, to the two
highest; which was also laid 011 the table.
The third proposition was on the 14th of De-
cember, by the only Whig who offered the plu-
rality during the whole contest—Mr. Ashmun, of
Massachusetts, (see page 31;) and this was also
laid upon the table.
The fourth was offered by Mr. Kaufman, the
distinguished Democratic Representative from
Texas, on the 17th of December; and as it is a
modified plurality, arranged on a sliding scale as
it were, I will read it in full from page 37 of the
Globe:
" Resolved, That if no person have a majority of all the
votes cast for Speaker on the next ballot, then upon the
tecond ballot after the adoption of this resolution, if any
member shall receive only one loss than a majority of the
whole number of votes, he shall be declared to be clected;
and if no person be elected Speaker 011 the said second bal-
lot, then upon the next, or thud ballot, if any membei fhall
receive only two less than a majority, he shall be declared
elected; and so on, requiring one vote less to elcct for every
vote taken, until a choice of Speaker is made."
This met with no better fortune than its pred-
ecessors, for the House had not yet given up
all hope of electing a Speaker by a majority; and
it was soon laid 011 the table.
The fifth was another proposition, similar in
its character, offered the next day by the same
Democratic member, and met with the same fate.
The sixth was a proposition, based 011 the Con-
stitution, of which we heav so much, and which,
if right then, ought certainly to be equally in ac-
cordance with the spirit of that revered instru-
ment now. It was offered, sir, by a Democratic
member from Tennessee, [Mr. Savage,] who is
again on this floor, but voting now against any
and all kinds of plurality rules:
"Resolved, Thatif the House fail to elect a Speaker during
the present day, it will, upon its meeting to-morrow, apply
to its proceedings, as far a3 practicable, the principle em-
bodied in the 12th article of the Amendments to the Consti
tution of the United States, pi escribing the mode of electing
a President and Vice President.
"Resolved, That the House will, upon the calling of the
roll, cast its vote for Speaket; and if no person shall have
a majority of all the votes, then, from the persons having the
highest numbers, (not exceeding three in the list of those
voted for,) the House shall piocoed to choose its Speaker;
and if the three persons on the last vote should he voted
for, and neither of them should have a majority of aU the
votes, then the House shall choose its Speakci, by another
vote, from the two highest on the list.'5
That resolution, drawn in its spirit from the
Constitution, was rejected; but it did not quench
the zeal with which the Democratic members of
that day persisted in moving that celebrated rule
which the Democratic members of this House,
at this day, so generally condemn and oppose.
The seventh plurality resolution was offered by
Mr. Stanton, of Tennessee, (Democrat,) on page
63, on the 22d of December, and is the one that
was finally adopted.
But, pending its consideration, the eighth plu-
rality resolution was proffered by Mr. Meade, a
Democratic member from Virginia, to confine the
choice to the four highest, on the next ballot to
the three highest, and 011 the next to the two
highest. This, too, was rejected.
And the ninth, plurality resolution was offered
as an amendment by Mr. Kaufman, the Texas
Democratic member, being his i{ sliding scale,"
which received a large Democratic support, but
was also rejected.
Finally, the plurality resolution offered by Mr.
Stanton was adopted by 113 to 10G—a majority of
the affirmative members being Whigs, m pursu-
ance of the resolution of their caucus, publicly
declared in its favor, but plenty of Democratic
members taking care to vote for it to insure its
passage; and under its operation, as was generally
expected, Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, (Democrat,) was
elected Speaker. The Whigs voted for the rule
to end the contest;though,according to theargu-
mcnt against it now, it might KaVe been charged
(as it was not) that, in doing so, they-voted"in-
directly for Mr. Cobb.
I now desire to call the attention of the House
to a speech made by Governor Johnson, in favor
of the plurality rule, which will be found on page
33. It is stated that he proceeded to address the
House for an hour and twenty minutes, and his
speech is summed up by the reporter in the fol-
lowing language:
//He expressed-the satisfaction he felt that thepiopo-
sition which had been introduced by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Ashman] seemed to find favor with
the House. It would be recollected that he had himself
introduced something of a similar proposition last week.
So far as he was personally concerned, he was anxious to
see an organization ot tlie ilou^e by the election of Speaker
and other officers, even if it could be effected by no other
means than a pluiahty vote. He had no particular affection
for his own proposition. If it was right in itself, come fiom
what quarter it might, he would vote for it.
"After alluding to the condition of parlies in this House,
which he designated a? triangular— and having also alluded,
passingly, to the conspicuous part which the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Root] had taken 111 the debate sincc the
commencement of the session. Mr. J. proceeded to notice
the denunciations with which his own proposition had been
received the other day, and to vindicate that piopossition
fiom the charge that it wa3 an mfnngement of the Consti-
tution."
How fitly, sir, do his remarks in regard to the
necessity of an organization, and the triangular
nature of the contest, apply to the present con-
dition of affairs: and the remainder of his speech,
in which he denounces Mr. Winthrop, who, on
the ballot immediately preceding las remarks,
had a plurality, and might possibly have been
elected under the rule then—going so far, indeed,
as to say that he would rather vote for Mr. Gid-
dings than Mr. Winthrop, shows that he was
unwilling to let the bitterest political or personal
objections to a candidate restrain him from what
he considered a paramount duty—the organiza-
tion of the House.
I desire now to draw the special attention of
the House to a speech made l>y a distinguished
gentleman, then a Representative from the State
of Mississippi, who now represents, in part, that
State in the other end of the Capitol. I allude
to Hon. A. G. Brown. But before doing so, let
me direct attention to the remarks, yesterday, of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
when he says, speaking to the Republicans:
"You have a majority on tins iloor. You have power to
elect," &e.
Keeping this in view, and though it is not cor-
rect in point of fact, that we lifcve a working
anti-Nebraska majority on this floor, which can
only be determined by the number of those who
are willing to act together and cooperate as a
political party—but admitting it for the sake of
argument, hear what Mr. Brown said in 1849,
when he proposed a resolution to elect Howell
Gobi? Speaker. It will be found on pages 24 and
25 of the Globe:
<kj\Ir. Brown remarked, that he had been induced to offer
thi<s resolution without any consultation with his political
friends, and without having ctven the lemotest intimation
to his ft lend from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] of his intention of
so doing, as he was sure if he had intimated his intention
to the gentleman, lie would have been denied the privilege
of making this motion. He was sincerely desitous of
seeing an end put to these proti acted voting's for Speaker.
They had been engaged m this unprofitable business for
nine days, and they were nowjuat where they commenced
on the first moining of the session. Not only were they
without a Speaker, but without a candidate for Speaker.
It was well known that the political party to which he be-
longed had a majority in this House—impracticable, it was
true, but sull a majority; and although they had heretofore
failed to concentiate upon any candidate in sufficient fbice
to clect him, still they had approximated nearer that point
than their opponents had. There was a little portion of
the Democratic party who refused to vote with the great
majority of the parry; but not only was there a like portion
of the Wing Frce-Soiler* who lefuse to vote with tho large
body of their party, but a portion of the southern Whigs
who also refused to act with their paity. Under thc^e cn-
cumstances jt must be apparent to every one, that unless
something else were done than to continue these party
votings, no choice at all of Speaker could be effected.
The gentleman proposed in that resolution, he believed
it was admitted on all side? of the House, presented as
many qualifications for the office as any other member of
the House. That he was eminently qualified 111 every re-
spect was admitted by his political opponents, whose oppo-
sition to him was entirely confined to the difference of their
political opinions. Being in a majority in the House, he
conceived that they (the Democrats) were entitled to the
Speaker; he knew of no good reason why they should not
have the Speaker. Certainly, if their political opponents
were in a majority here, he believed it would be right and
fair that they should have the Speaker. But both parties
had tried over and over again to elect their candidate, and
had faded. If they now failed to effect an organization,
upon whom would the responsibility rest? Itmightbesaid
that it would rest upon those who refused to urate with
either party. But could any considerable portion of it rest
upon the Democratic party ? Thoughthey had failed to
concentrate with sufficient force jupon -their, candidate to
elect him, still it could not be expected .that, being in the
majority, they should voluntarily retire from the contest;
but it seemed to him that the Whig party, some consider-'
able portion of them at least, might meet them (the Democ-
racy) upon the candidate whom he had presented—a can-
didate universally acknowledged to be' eminently qualified
to preside over the deliberations of this body and direct its
proceedings." ■ *
If he had been attempting to describe the pres-
ent condition of affairs he could hardly have used
more appropriate language (except the names of
parties) if he had been gifted with- prophecy.
Grant that we have a majority. It is, as he said
of their majority then, an " impracticable" one.
Now, as then, " a little portion of the" largest
ii party refuse to vote with the great majority of
the party," a§ I most sincerely regret that they
do. Now, as then, the gentleman presented by
the larger party of the three in the House is most
" eminently qualified" for the duties of the chair.
Now, as then, "the opposition to him is entirely
confined to the difference of their political opin-
ions." Now, as then, " it could not be expected
that, being in the majority, wc should voluntarily
retire from the contest;" and if his argument was
sound then, that 4<if their political opponents
were in a majority here, he believed it would bo
right and fair that they should have the Speaker,"
I submit it to the four honorable gentlemen from
Mississippi, who agree with him in political faith,
but who vote against any rule by which the ma-
jority—which my friend from Alabama says wo"
have here, butwtiich is " impracticable,"as Gov-
ernor Brown lamentingly said of his party in
1849—are enabled to elect that officer, which ho
declared it was " right and fair" that even a dis-
united majority should be allowed to have.
In a subsequent part of his remarks, in a col-
loquy-with Mr. Stanly, of North Carolina, he
stated that this " majority" of which he spoke,
was obtained by excluding the third party—that
it was a majority of the Democrats over the
Whigs. And this, sir, still more closely ap-
proximates his remarks to the present condition
of parties in this House. Excluding the third
party, there is a clear and indisputable majority
of the Republicans*over the Democrats; and in
that light, viewed from the same stand-point from
which he made his observations in 1849, how
appropriate and forcible are his arguments now I
Why gentlemen turn their backs on those argu-
ments now, I will endeavor to show, if my time
will admit, with the passing remark, that having
proved that the plurality rule, which governs in
the election of members of this House in every
State of the Union, was first suggested by a
Democrat in 1849, repeated eight times by Demo-
crats, adopted on the motion of a Democrat at
last, carried by the aid of Democratic votes, and
that a Democratic Speaker was clected under it—■
if the principle was a good one then, good faith
requires that it be conceded now; or, if not con-
ceded, the parties refusing it will be held respons-
ible for the failure to organize this body.
Sir, in justification of their opposition to the
rule now, they say that if Mr. Banks is elected
there will be danger to the Union. Danger to the'
Union ! Now let me read, and I call particular
attention to it, the speech of Mr. Meade, of "Vir-
ginia, of almost precisely the same tenor mado
against Mr. Winthrop, when that gentleman was
a candidate for the speakership:
" If an organization of the House in to be followed by the
passage of these bills, fprohibition of shivery in tho Territo-
ries, and abolition of slavery in the Distuct,] if the^e out-
rages me to be committed upon my people, I tra&tin Cod,
sir, that my eyes have rested upon the last Speaker of tho
House of Representatives." &,e.— Congressional Globe for
1649, p. 26.
Thus, sir, the Union was considered in precisely
the same "danger" then as now. It was con-
tended as earnestly as now, that after the election
of a northern Speaker these results might follow;
and yet, with all these forebodings heldupbefore
them, in a speech of more than ordinary eloquence,
by the gentleman fro'rt Virginia, Democrat after
Democrat in 1849 proposed, advocated, and voted
for a rule which might possibly have resulted
then as now in the election of a Speaker from the
anti-slavery State of Massachusetts. If, therefore,
evenat tfiis great risk to the Union,the Democrats
here aided so largely in the passage of this rule in
1849, does it not show that this House is now kept
disorganized, and the public business interrupted,
by a party unable to elect themselves, merely
