THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 1%
bft,cause they have not quite as good a prospect of
success at this time as at that?
But, though the success of this Republican
party is so "dangerous to the Union'' in the esti-
mation of our opponents, yet, from the speeches
of yesterday, we were left to infer that, if we would
only take down one candidate, and set up any
other, no matter how ultra might be his record
on slavery, the House might be organized, and
the plurality rule would not then be so bitterly
opposed. Without stopping to inquire whether
their hostility to Mr. Banks grows out of the
fact that, during that memorable Nebraska strug-
gle, he preferred principle to party, and left them
in the pride of their power to throw himself into
what might have proved a feeble minority, if the
people had not come to its rescue and its approval,
these declarations show that this House remains
disorganized from the opposition of the Demo-
cratic party to a particular man; that the wheels
of Government are blocked because they have a
personal hostility to his occupying the chief chair
of the House; and that, so far from " devotion
to the Constitution and the Union," as the oft-
repeated phrase here reads—compelling them to
turn their backs on that rule which, proposed by
a Democrat, voted for by many Democrats, and
resulting in a Democratic victory, has passed into
a precedent for occasions like this—they would be
willing to give up the contest, and risk all the
danger to the Union, if we would only choose
some other man to rule over them. It is, there-
fore, not principle, but opposition to a man that
causes the present disorganized state of the
House. Let gentlemen explain this, if they can,
to their constituents.
Mr. ROCOCK. I have not heretofore partici-
pated in any discussion of the plurality rule, cither
m 1849 or during the present session; and if the
fentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] who has
een attempting to show inconsistency in my
votes on the question, had been far more success-
ful in his search into congressional records than
he has been, I should still feel that I had been
placed in no position before those who understand
my views on the subject which would be in the
least degree uncomfortable. I have seen but one
single individual placed before this House in a
position of flagrant inconsistency in the matter.
When a man comes forward at one time, and as-
signs as his reason for voting against the plurality
rule that it violates a great principle of right, and,
then at another time comes and votes for the rule,
in disregard of that principle, that man is incon-
sistent m the true sense of that term. But, sir,
when a gentleman admits that the plurality rule
involves no constitutional or other fundamental
principle, and that it might be right under one
state of things and wrong under another, accord-
ing to the result which is likely to be -brought
about, then, even if we could show him at one time
voting one way, and at another time another way
on the question of its passage, still ho is involved
in nothing which can properly be considered in-
consistency. [f, then, in the expectation that
the plurality rule would have resulted, in 1S49,
in the election of a national Democrat to the
speakership of the House, I had voted for that
rule, and, in the present condition of things,
when it would prooably result so differently, I
should cast my vote against it, still, sir, I behove
that these two positions would be perfectly re-
concilable.
But it has not been shown that I have voted
differently from the vote which I nowgive. I voted
with my friend from Tennessee, [Mitoses,] and
as he again did the other day, against the mo-
tion to lay on the table. His object the other
day in that vote was to get a direct vote oil the
passage of the resolution, and then to record
himself against it. I remember nothing about
the particular considerations which then governed
my action in giving that vote. I know, how-
ever, from the record, that I never did vote for
the plurality rule; and, for a stronger reason, I do
not now. And why ? Indeed, Mr. Clerk, if we
were placed in an ordinary condition of affairs—
if this was a contest between the ordinary po-
litical parties—1 might hold that we would not
be justified in standing here day after dtry to re-
sist any constitutional rule by which the House
might be organized. I say, sir, that if it were a
contest between the national Democratic and the
old Whig party, while it had claims to nationality,
I for one would be unwilling to resist any longer
the plurality rule, even if it resulted in an organi-
zation against us. But when I see here on this
floor arrayed, for the first time, a party purely
sectional in its organization, and when I see that
party earnestly, strenuously, and pertinaciously
attempting to inaugurate its rule in this country
by the elevation of one of its own men to the
Speaker's chair of this House, I hold that I am
justified, if I should stand here till the dawn of
doom, to resist that action by every fair and hon-
orable means. I am utterly unwilling to afford
any facility, either directly or indirectly, for the
accomplishment of such dangerous purposes.
Mr. COLFAX. I will ask the gentleman a
question. I will ask him whether, in 1849, his
own party did not denounce the Whig party as
moral traitors, British Whigs, and Mexican
sympathizers? and, in a presidential message,
were charged with giving aid and comfort to an
enemy in war; imputations certainly as grave as
any now hurled against the Republican party?
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 did not vote for the plurality
rule in 1849, perhaps because of my strong ob-
jections to tile position of the Whig party at that
day, and because therefore I was unwilling to
afford them any chance of success. But, wrong
as were the Whigs of that day in politic:-;, they
were pure, compared to the party of which the
gentleman is a distinguished member. With all
] the odium which was sought to be cast on them,
and with all the severity with which Democrats
might have thought proper to characterize the
Whig party of 1849, still I regard them snowy
white in their innocence, compared with the deep
crimson of your political guilt. 1 allude, gentle-
men, to you who, for the first time in the country's
history, are seeking to array one section of this
Union against the other, with all the rigor of
party discipline and with all the bitterness of
party hate.
I know that though you present yourselves here
without a vote from south of Mason and Dixon's
line, you still deny that you are a sectional party.
You cheat yourselves with the delusion that your
platform makes you national. You declare war
on the institution of slavery wherever the strong
arm of this Government can reach it, and call
that a national platform. To justify so absurd
a position, you love to employ the specious phrase
that " freedom is national and slavery sectional."
I tell gentlemeif that it is a cheat and a delusion.
I deny that in any constitutional or philosophical
sense is it true, in this country, that either anti-
slavery is national and slavery sectional, or, on
the other hand, tliat slavery is national and anti-
slavcry sectional. They are both alike sectional;
they are both alike national. They are both sec-
tional in the sense that each is confined in its
prevalence to a particular section of the Union.
They are both equally national in the sense that
they are alike under the protection of the United
States Constitution. Rest assured, gentleman,
that the same Constitution which protects your
institutions also protects ours. The Union could
have been formed on no other basis. This only
is equality. But when in your platform you come
forward and say that your institutions alone are
entitled to the protection of this Government, and
; that ours are to be discountenanced and restricted
by its action, then you lay down a sectional plat-
form and array yourselves into a sectional party.
You put us beyond the pale of the Constitution,
and you force us to fight you by every fair and
honorable means; and we shall do it.
Mr. GIDDINGS, and others. Agreed!
Mr. BOCOCK. Rest assured that we will do
it. I would like now to have a few more min-
utes than I am allotted under the rule, for the
purpose of answeiing the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Grow.] Permit me, at any rate,
to express my astonishment that any gentleman
should arise on this floor, and, in so flippant a
way, state as facts what he must know by the
record that he reads are not facts, as was done
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. He has
arraigned certain Senators in the other end of the
Capitol,—among them the honored Senators from
my own State,—and has stated that they pro-
i tested against the admission of California be-
' cause it excluded slavery. I say, sir, that the
gentleman must have known from the record
that he read that the charge as made was utterly
without foundation. They protested against the
admission of California because it had illegally
excluded slavery; and yet, sir, leaving out of the
allegation against Senators the very point and
essence of their complaint, which was that this
action in California was irregular, unauthorized,
and illegal, he gravely charges that southern Sen-
ators protested against the admission of California
simply because it excluded slavery.
Mr. GROW. The extract which I read cov-
ered that. Gentlemen may put their own con-
structions on it.
Mr. BOCOCK. The charge was made with-
out qualification; and that charge comes, sir,
from a gentleman upon this floor who stands
here now to condemn the doctrine of " squatter
sovereignty." He, sir, denying the doctrine of
"squatter sovereignty," comes here to condemn
Senators from Virginia, and gentlemen repre-
senting other States at the other end of the Gap-
itol, because they protested against an act of
pure, unadulterated, unredeemed "squatter sov-
ereignty"—the only one known to the history of
this country. The case of California was, f say,
a case of pure squatter sovereignty. The people
there, without permission from Congress, and
without the preparatory action of any Territorial
Legislature; without any authoritative decla-
ration whatsoever upon the questions who con-
stituted the people, how much of our territory
they should embrace within the limits of their
State, or who should be the voters to decide
upon the question of our rights/did themselves,
of their own mere motion, upon the claim of
complete inherent sovereignty in themselves,
meet together, and by the aid of unnaturalized
foreigners, roving -wanderers, Army and Navy
officers, and everybody else, did resolve, in order
to conciliate favor in high quarters, to exclude
the institution of fifteen States of this Union
from our whole Pacific possessions. Southern
Senators protested against any such illegal act.
They did right. Southern States protested like-
wise, and they did no more than right. I affirm
at the same time, that so fur as I know, no
southern Senator or Representative has ever
raised any objection to admitting a State into the
Union upon the simple ground that her consti-
tution excluded slavery. The case of California
stood upon its own grounds.
Mr. GROW. Was not Michigan admitted
into the Union in the same way as California?
Mr. BOCOCK. No, sir; there never was exact-
ly such another case as that of California. Michi-
gan was a regularly organized people, formed pre-
viously into a territorial government. The tfase
of Michigan may have been wrong—it may have
had too much of squatter sovereignty about it;
but it differed much from that of California. But,
Mr. Clerk, let me hasten to another of the gen-
tleman 's points. The gentleman says, that the
Missouri compromise was a solemn compact made
between the North and the South, and mainly by
southern votes. I beg leave to say hero, and I
will hold myself ready to prove it hereafter, if
brought in question, that the State which I in
part represent upon this floor gave a very large
majority of her votes in this House against the
so-called Missouri compromise when itwas adopt-
ed, and so she was in no way responsible for it.
Let gentlemen bear this in mind. (See Note.)
But the gentleman rises and says with great
flippancy, and with much glow and unction, that
it was a compact which the North had kept all
the time. We of the South, he says, had forced
it upon them of the North, and that with pious
fidelity their " fathers had lived up to it for so
many years." As if, sir, we did not know some-
thing of the history of the country ! Why, sir,
the allegation is utterly unsustained by the rec-
ord. It was the action of northern members,
and not southern, that brought about the restric-
tion north of the compromise line. The South
was utterly opposed to any restriction. And then
his fathers lived up to it, did they? They disre-
garded it the next year, and about as often as
occasion has arisen. Some years afterwards,
when the State of Arkansas, formed out of a part
of that same territory lying south of the line 36°
30', and the only one which has been so formed
since the compromise, applied for admission into
the Union; the gentleman's fathers cast a large
number of their votes—very nearly or quite a ma-
jority from that section of the Union—against it.
Mr. CADWALADER. Two to one.
