1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
the excitement already existing. This I shall seek
to avoid, from a conviction of duty to the country
and the Union; for I regard the peace of the one,
and the permanent security of the other, as of far
more importance than any considerations per-
sonal to myself. Yet, at the same time, this em-
barrassment shall not influence me to neglect the
proper assertion of my rights, and of those which
belong to the constituency who have sent me
here, and for whom I shall speak. They are a
part of the American people, zealously sharing
in the duty of maintaining our institutions, and
having the right to demand the just protection of
the Government. Yielding to the spirit of ad-
venture which characterizes our age and country,
they have torn themselves from those quiet com-
forts which are so bounteously scattered through-
out the organized States of the Union; yet in
the midst of their hardships they have never for-
gotten, and never will forget, the duty of obedi-
ence, and the obligation of attachment to the
Government. No.circumstancps can weaken the
one, or alienate the other; and however they shall
be dealt by in this contest, I am willing to pledge
my Jife'for their continued performance of all the
proper duties of citizens. For them, more than
for myself, it is my duty, as well as my pleas-
ure, to speak; and when I feel that 1 am their
representative, chosen by their fiee and volun-
tary suffrages, 1 am emboldened to demand in
their name that I shall be permitted to remain
where I now am—their legally-constituted Dele-
gate upon this floor. And I shall demand it as
a right, secured by existing law, sanctioned by
the uniform practice of the Government, and con-
sistent with that representative feature of our
institutions which secuies to them their popular
and republican character.
I have presented myself here, under the :iuthor-
ity of the Territory of Kansas, sustained by all
the sovereignty she possesses, undtr the lav/ of
her organization. Her territorial seal is the wit-
ness of my lights; and she has employed it by
virtue of the power conferred upon her by the
Congress of the United States. I do not claim
for that seal the unquestionable validity that be-
longs to those employed by the States of the
Union, but I do claim for it that character and
dignity that shall secure it against contempt, and
against being trampled upon, by the reclclessviu-
Jenee of party. It represents the authority of a
people who, by an existing law passed pursuant
to ail tho forms of the Constitution, have been !
made sovereign over their own domestic affairs; j
and 1 have a right to demand that it stall not be
spumed with indignity, and that they shall not
be repulsed without a fair, full, and proper hear- ,
ing. By virtue of the credentials thus furnished
me, I have been admitted to my present position
as a Delegate upon this floor, and the oath of office ■
lias been administered to me. Being, then-fore,
fully clothed with all the power thai, belongs to i
this position, I shell proceed to the task of sliow- !
ing, without further preface, that I have been |
elected according to the terms of the act of Con- ::
gross organizing the Territory of Kansas, and j-
the laws of the Territorial Legislature properly
and legally passed, pursuant to that act; and am
entitled to li-main where I am during the exist-
ence of the present Congress. And m the prog-
ress of this inquiry, I shall insist that theie has j
yet been 110 proper and legal challenge of my -
right, (u-ising out of the fact, that, as 1 bad no !
competitor, there is nobody in a condition to chal-
lenge it; that the geiulennin who eleinis to have ;
this right, does not h-galiy possess it, but that he .
is here as a volunteer, without any such legal ;
authority as should herecogni/ed bythis Mouse. \
If 1 shall succeed in .showing that I was voted lor I
at an election held pursuant to the terutoriai law,
aoci that all the authority he possesses is derived '
from popular assemblages of the people held with-
out law, then I shell have placed myself in a
position before this House and the country,from ,
which faction, in its utmost madness, will find it ;
hard to drive me.
The act of Congress' uiganizing the Tenitory j;
of Kansas was passed in May, 1854. By its pro- !
visions the leg^iative authority of the Territory |!
was vested in the Governor and a Legislative I1
Assembly; and it was declared that the legisla- '
Uve power should extend to all rightful subjects h
. of legislation, consistent with the Constitution j
of the United States and the provisions of that "
act. It was well understood by Congress and
the whole country, that it was intended to confer
full and sovereign power upon the people who
should settle there, over all subjectswhich prop-
erly came within the range of territorial legisla-
tion—even upon the great anc^ delicate question of
slavery. It fixed the qualification of voters at the
first election, but gave the right of doing so at all
subsequent elections to the Territorial Legislature
with certain limitations in reference to foreigners,
and those who were engaged in the Army or
Navy, or other service of the United States. Upon
the Governor created by that act, certain powers
were conferred. Amongst these he was author-
ized to fix the time and place of holding the first
election for members of the Legislative Assem-
bly. These are the words of the law:
" And the first election shall bo held at such time and
place, and ho conducted in such manner, both as to the per-
sons who shall Miperiuteud Mich election, and the returns
thereof, as the Governor shall appoint and direct, and lie
r-hall at the same time declare the number of members of
the Council and IIou>e of Representatives to which each
of the counties or distuets shall be entitled under this act.
Tlie persons having the highest number of legal votes m
cachofsaid council districts for menibeis of the Conned
shall be declared by the Governor to be duly elected to the
Council; and the person having the highest number of le-
gal votes for the House of Representatives j-ball be declared
by the Governor to be duly elected members of said House."
The delegation of this power to the Governor
was necessary to the original and proper organ-
ization of the Territory; and it will be seen that
it. confided to him exclusively the determination
of the time of that organization. After the gen-
tleman who held that position, and who is now
the contestant of my scat, reached th'e Territory,
some difficulty arose between him and a portion
of (he people of the Territory in reference to
the time of holding these elections, and the first
meeting of the Legislature, He was charged
with unnecessarily delaying the organization be-
yond the time when the pressing and immediate
interests of the Tenitory required itto take place.
But this is a mutter into which I do not propose i
to enter, as it is in no way vieeessary to my i
present purpose. I have only to do with the fact, I
that he did exerci&e the power confided to him, !
and order the election by a proclamation fixing
the time and the places of voting, the manner of
conducting it, the persons who should superin-
tend, and the number of members, x\ccordin<r
to the proclamation thus issued, the election was
held, and its result was reported to the Governor,
who then declared that certain gentlemen were
elected both to the Council und House of Repre-
sentatives, and issued to them certificates of their ,
election. 1 claim, und I think I may do so with i
confidence, that the persons thus elected, and thus
holding the certificates of the Governor to that
oiled, did compose the Lc^islatuie of the Terri- j
loi y—that iu tin ir hands all the legislative power
, of the people of the Territory was lodged. With-
, out stopping to inquire now what the whole ex-
; tent of that legislative power was, 1 may safely
assume, without apprehension of contradiction, \
j that it, extended to all matters which the people
I of the Territory had the ri^ht, under the act'of
; Congress, to control. It was a legally-constituted '
j Legislature—all the lorms of the statute being |
; complied with, most strictly, in its creation, ft:
is too late to say that it was otherwise. And J
above all others is the gentleman now asking for j
my seat estopped from so insisting. He \vas':
specially charged by the Jaw with the duty of:
( declaring who was elected. It was a high and
responsible duty, and could be performed by no- j
! body but him. ^ If there were frauds in the olec- j
tiuii; if any of the results were controlled or !
• brought about by force, threats, or intimidation;!
! if voters were imported openly or covertly from ,
the neighboring State of Missouri, and partici- '
paled in voting, m \iolation of law, he was ru- !
. quired, as a just and faithful officer, to protect I
! the people against their consequences. He stood 'j
as the only sentinel upon the outposts to guard ji
the purity of the elective franchise, and protect'!
the ballot-box from pollution, fn his hands was \\
placed the power to arrest these wrongs and i|
frauds if they existed, and to rebuke those who, i!
by the practice of them, were seeking to disturb ji
the peacc and quiet of the people by sowing the ;
seed of discord amongst them. Shall he no\v be ''
permitted to say thai he did not faithfully oxc- -
cute his trust,and perform this high duty } Will !
he now be tolerated in declaring that he  ave Hie
certificates of membership to the.persons elected
when they were not entitled to them ? I insist
that he should not be; but that the legitimacy
of the Legislature shall stand admitted against
him, and as concluding him in all matters that
concern him personally in the contest he is now
prosecuting. No man has a just and proper right
to perform an official act like this, under the sol-
emn obligations of his position, and turn around
at the promptings of his personal interests and
disavow it.
But 1 go further, and insist that the issuing of
these certificates constitutes an official fact which
cannot now be challenged. It was essential to
the legality of the Legislature, and being done,
that legality must stand unquestioned. In per-
forming the act, the Governor did not represent
himself merely; he represented all the sovereign
power possessed by the people, and the act was
theirs as well as his. More than this, he repre-
sented the Federal Government also, from whom
he derived his authority, and thereby imposed
upon it the obligation of continuing to recognize
its validity. The Legislature of Kansas acted
upon these convictions, and so did the people of
the Territory; for nobody there thought, at the
time, of questioning the validity of these elec-
tions. The most zealous opponents of the suc-
cessful candidates did not think of protesting
against them. This was an afterthought origin-
ating elsewhere outside of the Territory, and
with, those citizens of the northern States who
have supposed themselves especially charged
with the duty of superintending the affairs of the
people of Kansas. It was originated for party
purposes by men who, under pretense of enlarged
philanthropy, have been struggling to lay the
foundation for their party success at. whatever
cost, though it should rack the Union to its center,
and excite in all patriotic minds the most serious
apprehensions for its safety.
But the Legislature of Kansas, out of abundant
caution, affirmed the act of the Governor by exer-
cising the power necessarily incident to all Legis-
latures, of judging of the qualifications of its own
members. It referred the credentials of those who
claimcd seals 111 the Council and House of Repre-
sentatives to the proper committees, by whom the
necessary inquiries were instituted, to ascertain
and determine their validity. This resulted in
determining that the members who compose the
Legislature were properly elected, and everybody
acquiesced in this determination. It gave rise to
no contest whatsoever until other and subsequent
occurrences opened a new field of controversy,
and excited all the elements of discord. May I
not therefore insist, with the utmost confidence,
that a Legislature thus composed, having the
sanction of both the people and the Governor,
and questioned from no quarter, was a legally-
constituted body,and possessed all the necessary
powers of legislation over the domestic affairs of
the Territory ? I think this question is thus
placed beyond cavil or dispute, and that I need
not detain the House by the further discussion
of it. But other and additional powers were con-
ferred upon the Governor in reference to the place
and time of the meeting of the Legislature, to
understand the ptccise nature and extent of which
j it will be necessary for me to read several sections
| of the acts ot Congress. The thirty-first section
1 of the organic act is m these words:
j <• That the seat of go vci nment of said Territory is hereby
} located temporal Ua at Port Leavenworth; and that such
I potuons of the public buildings; as may not be actually used
! and needed fot military purposes may be occupied and
j u-pd undei the direction ot the Governor and Legislative
j A.-t-embly tm Mich public pin poses as may be requireduuder
! the provisions of thi** act."
! It needs no argument to show that this section
, of the law, standing alone, confers full powers
| upon the Legislature over the question of the
[ place of its meeting, after it shall have first
assembled. The location of the seat of govern*
ment, by its express terms, ions temporary; that
is, it was to remain at Fort Leavenworth just so
long as the Legislature should not think it expe-
dient to remove it. ff the session of the Legis-
lature had continued at that place, under this
section, for a single day, the law would have
been complied with. And the reason of so pro-
viding by the law was, manifestly for the single
purpose of pointing out a place for the first meet-
ing of the Legislature—for without such provision
the Legislature would not know where to meet.
