1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1865
Thus I insist, that this section had been the
only provision upon the subject, the power of the
Legislature to change the place of its meeting
after its first assembling at Fort Leavenworth,
was completc*and entire; that it was a necessary
part of the legislative power, granted to the peo-
ple of the Territory by the organic law. And
Congress so understood it, as other provisions of
the law will show—for I suppose it will not be
denied that we must take together all the legis-
lation of Congress upon the same subject at the
same session, in order to ascertain its true mean-
ing. In this case, we shall have no difficulty in
doing so, if we shall keep m our minds the jiroper
interpretation of the section of the organic law
I have already quoted. That will show us what
Congress meant, and leave butthe single inquiry,
whether or not any other provisions of law took
away from the Legislatu re the discretional y power
granted by the section 1 have read, over the placc
of the seat of government, after the first meeting
of the Legislature at Fort Leavenworth.
The next provision on the subject of the place
of the meeting of the Legislature is found in the
appropriation bill passed in August, 1854, after
the passage of the organic law of the Territory.
It provides that—
" Iii the event that, the Secretary of War shnll deem it
inconsistent with the interests ot the nnhtaty t-eivice to
fui mill a sufficient pot (ion of the mihtuiy building at Foit
Leavenworth for the u<e of the teiiiioual government of
Kansas, the sum of $20,000 shall be. and in that contingency
ia heiebv, appropnated tor the election or' public buildings
foi the use ot' the Legistatuie ot' K.in*as, to be expended
under the dncction of the Governor of said Termoij."
But one meaning can be given to this language;
no ingenuity can fairly torture it into any other.
It is this: that it merely contemplated the possi-
bility that 110 building could be spaied at Fort
Leavenworth for the use of the Legislature; in
•which event, of (ourse, the Legislature would
have to meet elsewhere, and the money was
appropriated for its accommodation elsewhere.
Thcstwo sections taken together mean this: that
Fort Leavenworth shall be the place of the meet-
ing of the Legislature; but if the necessary build-
ings cannot be furnished there, it must be some-
where else. "What else can they mean, if we
give them a reasonable interpretation? If theie
are contradictions apparent in a statute, are we
not bound to reconcile them, if possible, so as to
carry out the intention of the Legislature? But
this last section in no way affccts the power con-
ferred upon the Legislature by the first one, over
the place of meeting, after the first assembling j
of the Legislature. That exists precisely as it j!
would have done if this last section had not been
passed. That power, I repeat, was expressly
and fully granted by the organic act, and could
not be taken away by implication, unless it cleai ly
appeared that it was the intention of Congress
that it should be taken away. It is certain that
Congress did not design to take it away, for the
reason that, if it did, these two sections, taken
together, would fix the temporary seat of govern-
ment at Fort Leavenworth, withoutany provision
for the subsequent establishment of it elsewhere.
Then, instead of the temporary, it would become
the permanent seat of government, for the want
of power m the Territorial Legislature to fix it :
at some other place. Congress certainly did not I
mean this; and if they did not, the meaning I 1
have given these two sections is the only one of ,
which they aie fairly susceptible. \
The .section of the appropriation act I have i
quoted, having reference to the contingency that ,
there might not be sufficient buildings at Fort ;
Leavenworth, and necessarily, by just imphca- J
tion, providing some other place for the tempo- I
rarv seat of government, would have rendered I
additional legislation necessary, but /or another I
profusion of the organic law. It would have been i
necessary, m order to confer power upon the Le- j
gislature, to fix the seat of government after the i
Legislature should once exist; for that power, |
as I have abundantly shown, was granted by the |
organic law. But as, m the event that the build-
ings at Fort Leavenworth might not be spared,
the Legislature could not meet there, it was neces- ;
sary to make some provision for the first meet- j
nig of the Legislature, in order merely that the ;
legislation of the Territory might have a begin- I
mng. This was all that was necessary to provide
for, in addition to the section of the appropriation |
act. And it was provided for by another section
of the organic act, which provided that the Legis-
lature should " meet at such place, and on such
day as the Governor shall appoint,5 5&c. With this
provision existing, no other legislation was neces-
sary; butthe whole'of the sections taken together
meant just this: that if the necessary buildings
could not be furnished at Fort Leavenworth, the
Governor should fix the place of meeting. It was
his duty to fix the time in any event, and the
place upon the contingency mentioned. But this
left the power of the Legislature, which I have
claimed, full and complete over all necessary
matters of legislation, including, of course, that
of meeting wheresoever it pleased, after comply-
ing with the proclamation of the Governor.
This mode of reasoning reconciles all the appa-
rent conflicts between these sections, and resolves
them into an intelligent meaning, which it is the
duty of this House to do. But if this conflict
really exists, there is another mode of reconciling
it. It is this: by the organic act, the power to
fix the time and place of meeting is given to the
Governor. Fort Leavenworth is fixed as the
temporary seat of government. Now, the place
of meeting is not essential to the validly of legis-
lation, and, therefore, the fust meeting may have
taken place at any other point that the Governor
should designate besides Fort Leavenworth, and
the Legislature might either have passed laws
there, or have lemoved afterwards to Fort Leav-
enworth, and thus both provisions of the law
would have been complied with. And this view
of it becomes the only just and plausible one,
when we consider the effect of the provision in
the appropriation act. Taken together, therefore,
they mean just what I have insisted: that the
time and place of meeting was to be fixed by the
Governor, in the event that sufficient and neces-
sary buildings could not be furnished at Fort
Leavenworth. Certainly the gentleman who is
now here claiming my seat is estopped from
making any other argument. He gave this inter-
pretation to these provisions. He supposed him-
self as possessed of this power, and acted accord-
ingly, by issuing his proclamation fixing the time,
and the town of Pawnee as the place, of meeting.
It does not now become him to say that he did
this wrongfully or illegally. That would be per-
mitting him to sport with the rights of the people
of Kansas, and putting at hazard their whole
system of legislation. Can it be possible that,
forgetting what he did, he will now insist, as
others have, that Fort Leavenworth was the tem-
porary seat of government, and the Legislature
rould meet nowhere else ? Such an assumption is
too preposterous to be considered for a moment,
and he, above all other men, should be estopped
from making it. If he had regarded Fort Leav-
enworth as the place of meeting, why did lie not
say so in Ins proclamation, and merely fix the
time of meeting? The recoids of the Government
aie said to contain evidence of the fact, that ho
was a part owner of the lots in the town of Paw-
nee; but I will not undertake to say, or even to
suggest, that this was a consideration which in-
duced him to interpret tlie law as giving him the
power to require the Legislature to meet there.
Nor will 1 now say that, as his personal interest
seems to require that he should eject me from this
Hail, he is furnished by it with a sufficient motive
to insist upon a dilFeient interpretation. Tins
might bo considered uncharitable, and I leave
such reflections to othois, simply insisting that
! he is bound by his official acts, while acting as
' Governor of the Territory, to admit now the in-
terpretation of these provisions of the law that I
have attempted to establish. _
Acting under the proclamation of the Governor,
and never supposing certainly that he would even
thereafter seize upon his own act to enable him
to render their legislation invalid, the Council and
House of Representatives did meet at the town
of Pawnee, on the 2d day of July, 1855, and
immediately organized by the election of the
necessary officers. After instituting, as I have
stated, the necessary inquiry m order to determine
whether those claiming seats were legally entitled
to them, and being satisfied that they were, they
proceeded to the business of legislation. Nobody
questioned their power to legislate. ^Not a word
was heard from any quarter to the effect that they
had not full authority to meet there by virtue of
the pioclamation of the Governor. He was there,
ready to participate in the legislation, expressing
no doubt whatsoever about the validity and legal-
ity of every step that had been taken. _ Certainly
all those who were the owners of lots in the town
of Pawnee were fully satisfied with all this; and
if, as the records of the Government show, the
Governor was one of these, it is an irresistible
conclusion that he, too, was abundantly satisfied.
At all events, 1 am not aware that he made the
slightest complaint.
Thus sustained by public opinion and the
opinion of the Governor, the Legislature began
its work, with an honest conviction, that up to
that, point everything had been legally done*
After its organization, the first thing that it be-
came the duty of the Legislature to consider was,
that provision should be made for the necessary
buildings in which to hold their sessions. The
two Houses could not meet in the open air,
although they were willing to undergo more than
ordinary privations. They immediately ascer-
tained that there were no buildings in the town
of Pawnee suitable for legislation; that, in fact,
it was a new town, just laid ,out for speculation;
that it contained but one or two houses, and
not only could not furnish a place for their meet-
ing, but could not furnish the most ordinary lodg-
ing-places for the members. To have remained
there would have been attended with only one
result, which would have been to increase the
value of the town lots, and thus enable their
owners to make a speculation. And they had to
consider whether they would do that or move to
some place where a necessary building for legis-
lation could be procured and the members could
be accommodated with boarding and lodging.
As the Secretary of War' had decided that the
necessary buildings could not be spared at Fort
Leavenworth, they were compelled to look to
some other point in the Territory. The Method-
ist Church has, for some years, had a missionary-
establishment amongst the Shawnee Indians, near
the line of the Terriiory, and about two miles
west of Westport, in Missouri, where there were
all the necessary buildings, and where the Gov-
ernor held his office, anil this point necessarily
attracted the attention of the Legislature. As the
members could be boarded at this Mission and
at Westport, it was deemed not only expedient
but absolutely necessary to make immediate pro-
vision for the-removal of the Legislature to that
placc. Accordingly, on the second day of the
session, a bill was passed by both Houses, pro-
viding for the removal of the seat of government
to that point.
Now 1 desire it to be observed, that on the
same day of the passage of this bill, but after
the bill had passed, Governor Reeder communi-
cated his message to the Legislature, treating
them as a legally-oiganized body, and expressing
no opinion in reference to the power to provide*
for the removal to the Shawnee Mission. This
is important, m view of the fact, that he now pre-
tends that the Legislature was an illegal body,
both at Pawnee and the Mission. It is scarcely
to be supposed that this House will sanction h,
in an act of such inconsistency as he has th .a
involved himself in. There are certainly sor
things which a man ought not to be permit.   u
do, and this is one of them. In his mes&'vt,
however,he said to the Legislature, "The lr«.:i-
tion of the permanent seat of government is aiso
referred to you by the act of Congress,"&c. AH
the powers which the act had conferred upon
him in reference to the seat of government iwd
been exercised. He had nothing more to do with
the question, and therefore he turned it all over
to the Legislature. He now pretends, by an ar-
gument predicated upon the meaning of the term,
" permanent"* seat of government, to insist that
all the power over the temporary seat of govern-
ment was in his hands, while ail that the Legis-
lature possessed was over that which was to be
pemanent. This is fallacy. I have already shown
: that the legislative power necessarily involved
the power over the temporary seat of government,
after the first, meeting ot the Legislature, but
: there is another answer to this argument, per-
fectly conclusive.
The wb©le power of the Governor was confined
to the simple matter -of fixing the time and place
of meeting. There is not one word in the law
saving anything about his fixing either the tern-
porary or permanent seat of government. He was
merely required to fix the first place of meeting;
