1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE1.
255
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
had permission to return either in a ship or across
the Isthmus, he volunteered to render to his suc-
cessor any service in his power. On consulta-
tion between them, it was thought that it would
be beneficial to our commerce that a ship of war
should visit the principal islands in the Pacific
ocean. Accordingly, Commodore Shubrick sailed
from Mazatlan on the 22d July, 1848, visited in
succession the Sandwich Islands, the Marquesas,
and the Society Islands, and returned by the way
of Callao and "Valparaiso to the United States, and
arrived at Norfolk on the 22nd of May, 1849,
having been absent from the United States three
years, less three months and seven days.
If there is any lack of zeal for the public service
in all this, I must be pardoned for saying that I
cannot see it.
If it was wrong to ask to be relieved from the
unpleasant situation in which the Secretary of the
Navy had placed him, it was surely most amply
redeemed by subsequent services. Besides
" Who can be wise and amazed, temperate and furious,
Lov&l and neutral, in a moment ? No man."
The estimation in which this officer has been ! i
held by the Department under successive Secre- I
taries, is emphatically shown by the various im- j
portant appointments conferred on him by them:
The oner of the command of the exploring
expedition by Secretary Dickerson, which cir-
cumstances obliged him to decline.
The command of the West India squadron by
Secretary Paulding.
The command of the navy-yard at Norfolk,
by Secretary Paulding.
"Chief of Bureau of Provisions and Clothing by
Secretary Henshaw.
The command of the Washington navy-yard,
by Secretary Bancroft.
"The command of the Pacific squadron, by Sec-
retary Bancroft.
After his return from the Pacific:
The command of the Philadelphia navy-yard,
by Secretary Preston.
Chief of Bureau of Construction and Equip-
ment, by Secretary Graham.
A member of the Lirfit-House Board on appli-
cation of Secretary Corwin, by Secretary Gra-
ham, and the unanimous election as their chair-
man by that enlightened board.
The appointment to command the eastern
squadron at a critical moment, by Secretary
Dobbin.
The appointment as senior officer of the board
convened under the act to promote the efficiency
of the Navy, by Secretary Dobbin.
Besides various incidental but important duties >
proper to his rank, such as a commission to
examine the harbor of New York by Secretary i
Upsher, with a view to a change in the locality of I
the navy-yard at Brooklyn*, boards for making
regulations for the Navy, and for the academy at
Annapolis; inspections of ordnance, &c., &c.
Of nis earlier services, running back for nearly
fifty years:
The attack on a British frigate by gun-boats,
one of which he commanded.
The successful defense of Craney Island against
a vastly superior force, on which occasion he
commanded a gun.
The two brilliant cruises of the Constitution, !
in which he served a part of the time as third
lieutenant, and a part of the time as first lieuten- jj
ant; and during which three British vessels of j
war were captured, and the splendid action with I i
the Cyane and Levant fought, and " old Iron- !
sides " saved twice from being brought to ac-
tion by vastly superior forces of the enemy, by !
great skill on the part of her commander, and I
corresponding exertions on the part of her officers
and crew: on the last of these occasions, the
escape from two ships of the line and a frigate,
Shubrick was second in command to the able and
distinguished Stewart.
To this statement I will add two letters, ad-
dressed by the Secretary of the Navy to Commo-
dore Shubrick, and two extracts from the reports
of Secretary Mason and Secretary Preston, to
which I will not add a word of comment:
Navy Department, July 1,1853.
My dear Sir : The act of the last Congress,
that from and after the first <fey of July next, the chief of
the Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and Repair shall be
a naval constructor, and not a captain in the Navy, makes it
the duty of the President to relieve you from your present
position, and appoint a successor.
in parting with vou, Commodore, nllow me to assure you,
that to me our official and personal intercourse lias been
most agreeable. For fidelity, integrity, and business capa-
city, you need no testimonial from me. Your well-earned
reputation is sufficient to dispense with formal testimonials.
But I trust it cannot be otherwise than agreeable to your
feelings, if not your pride of character, to accept a heartfelt
tribute of confidence from one who, since his connection
with the Navy Department, has ever found you faithful,
able, and prompt.
You have my best wishes, Commodore, for your future
happiness; and that you may continue to add to the reputa-
tion of our gallant Navy, with which you have been so long
and so honorably connected.
I am very respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. C. DOBBIN.
Commodore W. B. Shubrick, Chief of Bureau of Con-
struction, Equipment, 4'c.
Navy Department, September 24,1853.
Sir : Your communication of the 22d instant, announcing
the arrival at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, of the eastern
: squadron under your command, and that you had directed
your pennant to be struck at meridian of that day, has been
received.
The Department approves of your course, and directs
that you proceed to Washington, and resume your duties as
a member of the Light-house Board.
Your account of the movements of the squadron under
your command has been perused with much satisfaction.
The promptness, energy, and cheerful zeal exhibited by
yourself, and all under your command, reflect credit upon
the service, and entitle you to the commendation of your
Government.
Our countrymen who venture so much in the region you
have visited cannot but have been gratified at the signifi-
cant exhibition of a determination to protect tliein in the
enjoyment of their rights.
In examining the charts marking out the cruising of the
Princeton, the Fulton, the Cyane, and the Decatur, the
Department was struck with the amount of service ren-
dered, as well as the good judgment exercised in executing
it. Be pleased to communicate to the officers of the respect-
ive vessels constituting the squadron, the approbation and
admiration with which their conduct is viewed by the De-
partment.
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
J.C.DOBBIN.
Commodore Willi am B. Shdbrick, Commanding Eastern
Squadron, Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
Extract from the Report of Secretary Mason, December 4,
1848. Ex. Doc. No. 1, p. 608.
" All the important points on both shores of the Gulf of
California were gallantly captured by the squadron, in co-
operation with a detachment of the army under Lieutenant
Colonel Burton, and occupied until the return of peace.
Commodore Shubrick found his force too small to attempt
the reduction of Acapulco, without so weakening the gar-
risons of the important places held in the Gulf as to endan-
ger their recapture, and wisely determined not to make any
movement against it."
Extract from the Report of Secretary Preston, December 1,
1849. TZx. Doc. No. 5, p. 425.
"The razee Independence, bearing the broad pennant of
Commodore Shubrick, returned from the Facific ocean on
the 25th of July last, after distinguished and important ser-
vice in the war with Mexico."
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not pur-
pose now to examine the law under which the
naval board was organized, nor the action which
has taken place in consequence of it. It is my
intention, at a future day, to express my opinions
at large on those questions, and I may not differ
from the conclusions arrived at by the Senator
from Texas in regard to them. My reason for
speaking now is that I think the antidote should
immediately follow the poison, and the refutation
the slander.
Mr. President, there is an Italian proverb,
" Save me from my friends, and I will take care
of my enemies." I think it would have been
better for the officers who have suffered, as they
suppose—and it may be so in many cases—un-
justly, under this law, by the action of the naval
board, if they had been a little more careful in
selecting the friends who undertake to advocate
their cause, and had refrained from resorting to
such arguments and to such modes of action as
have been adopted by the honorable Senator from
Texas. If the question to be met is, whether a
combination of officers who have been disrated,
or removed from the naval service under a law
of Congress, which I may deem to be impolitic
and unjust, are to come here, and through the
mouth of a Senator of the United States, assail
the individuals who have passed judgment on
them, go over their whole lives, misrepresent and
distort the circumstances under which they have
acted, ridicule their productions, (be they per-
| sonal, private, and confidential, or be they public,)
I and if the issue is to be placed on that ground,
■ they will perhaps find that many of those who
I would be disposed to do them justice, will not
agree that justice is to be done in any such mode
as that.
It has pleased the honorable Senator from Texas
not to stand on the defensive, pointing out the
merits of individual officers who have been dis-
rated or removed, and showing that injustice has
been done to them, but to arraign by name many
of the officers who constituted the naval board
appointed by the President, under the advice of
the Secretary of the Navy. With most of these
! officers I have not even a personal acquaintance.
I know but two of them. With Commodore
, Shubrick, the president of the board, I have a
ii brief and distant acquaintance; but with one of
them (Captain S. P. Du Pont) 1 have had years
of intimacy, from his boyhood up. Sir, neither
. here nor elsewhere will I permit attacks so gross,
so unfounded, so utterly groundless, except by
perversion, as those wnich hslve been made by
the honorable Senator from Texas against one
holding to me the relations of a constituent and a
personal friend—at least, I will not permit them
to go without a reply.
Mr. President, in all ages it has perhaps been
too much the infirmity and the vice of mankind
generally, when they differ in opinion with their
fellows even on abstract questions, to impugn the
motives and assail the character of those who are
opposed to them. When the difference of opinion
extends to, and involves the interests of, an indi-
vidual, that vice becomes greatly intensified. It
by no means follows, however, that those who
most yield to it will get credit from the world for
greater purity, on their own part, in their own
actions.
Sir, what are the charges made on this occa-
sion against Captain Du Pont by the honorable
Senator from Texas? and what is the course he
has taken? I had no previous knowledge of this
attack—no knowledge of its details in any way
whatever. I have not had one word of conver-
sation with Captain Du Pont in reference to it;
but there is enough on the face of part of it to show
that it is groundless in itself—that it is perverted
throughout—that the object is not to defend; but
it is founded on the consideration (which one
would suppose that, at least, time and experience
would have taught the honorable Senator from
Texas to renounce) that a man cannot differ with
him in opinion without its becoming necessary
to impugn his motives and assail his character.
I believe the board which was organized under
this law did err. I do not believe they could have
, avoided error under such a law. I do not believe
j any board which could have been organized under
i the law could have avoided error and injustice in
J the course of their decisions, and I shall endeavor
! to show it hereafter; but surely error of opinion,
whether as to men or as to measures, does not
involve dishonesty of motive or want of integrity
of purpose. Nor is it necessary, in this or in
any other case, to assail the character of the indi-
vidual in order to question the justice of his judg-
ment. It is therefore a needless and a wanton
attack when a Senator, in his place here, assails
the character of an officer for performing his duty
under a law to which that Senator is one of the
parties—a law passed by the Congress of the
united States—to execute which the officer was
appointed by the Executive authority of the Uni-
ted States, having no option to refuse the perform-
ance of the duty. It is a wanton attack when
that officer's character is not merely overhauled
for his whole life; but matters and acts, which
have no connection with his action in the per-
formance of that duty, are to be brought before
the Senate for the purpose of holding him up to
the contempt and odium of the community.
Mr. President, the first charge which the hon-
orable Senator made against Captain Du Pont—
for I have not to deal with his charges against
others—he seemed to have a peculiar animosity,
or disposition to level his arrows against Captain
Du Pont—was, that he might have declined the
position. It is at least doubtful whether he could
have declined it, except at the expense of diso-
bedience of orders, and placing himself in a false
position in the Navy. I know that with naval
