1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
991
what is the will of the body in relation to this
particular point? Let us first take the vote on
these propositions, and let the will of the Senate
be expressed on them, and then, perhaps, it may
bo proper to recommit the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands, if it be desired to put it in a
more definite shape than the Senate is capable of
putting it in.
But, sir, in relation to the question of parol
evidence: I have not argued thatquestion,nor do
1 intend to go into it at the present time. There
seems to be a great deal of danger and apprehen-
sion felt by certain Senators in relation to the
door which it will open for frauds. Because a
few individuals may practice frauds on the Gov-
ernment by the admission of parol evidence, and
some public lands may be taken improperly from
the common treasure, some Senators object to
the principle of justice to all. I desire to inquire
of the Senators from Michigan, California, Del-
aware, and South Carolina, upon what principle
do they object to the introduction of parol testi-
mony to decide these cases before the Pension
Office ? If the fear that frauds and perjuries may
be committed by the introduction of parol evidence
be a good argument against it, then you must,
on the same principle, cut out all parol evidence
in your courts of justice, because in those courts
parol testimony is admissible, and perjuries are
often committed. In your courts of justice, in the
trial of the most important cases between man
and man, parol evidence must necessarily be
admitted, although perjuries are every day com-
mitted. According to the arguments of Senators
on this floor, you must cut out parol evidence
even in your courts of justice, because, forsooth,
now and then perjuries are committed.
Again, sir, millions of the public treasure are
voted here every (lay on parol testimony; and the
Senator from Michigan votes for such measures
as often as any other gentleman on this floor.
The'private claims which come before this body
and the other branch of Congress, and which are
passed by both Houses to the extent of thousands
and millions of the public money, are founded
entirely on parorevidence, and frequently ex parte
evidence at that. Nine out of ten of the private
claims which are adjudicated by Congress are
founded exclusively on parol evidence, and on
parol testimony, taken, we know not how, on
ex parte and one-sided affidavits. On such testi-
mony as this the Senator from Michigan votes
for appropriations of millions from the public
Treasury; and yet may not frauds arise, and are
they not often committed in those very cases?
I submit to the Senator from Michigan and to
those who take the same position which he does,
that he ought to vote against every private claim
which is presented here founded on parol evidence,
because, according to their arguments, fraud and
perjury may be committed.
Again, the Court of Claims which you have
established, and which is about to make decisions
which will cause the appropriation of millions of
the public money, founds its decisions on parol
evidence. To be consistent with themselves, the
gentlemen to whom I have alluded should vote
against every bill, or every recommendation which
comes from the Court of Claims, because fraud
and perjury may have been committed before that
court by parol evidence.
Do not the gentlemen see the absolute absurd-
ity of their proposition, that because fraud may
be committed nowand then, and because perjury
is sometimes perpetrated, you must shut the door
to the admission of parol evidence in all cases ?
I ask, why do not these Senators introduce a bill
to demand record evidence entirely in the allow-
ance of revolutionary claims for pensions ? .Nearly
every case of the application of revolutionary
soldiers for pensions, which is presented to the
office of the Commissioner, is founded on parol
evidence. Perjuries are doubtless sometimes
committed, and frauds sometimes practiced; but
will you exclude all cases because frauds are
sometimes practiced ? Why does not the Senator
from Delaware, who has such an abhorrence of
parol evidence, and such apprehensions of danger,
introduce a bill declaring that all pensions shall
be paid on record evidence alone?
Mr. BAYARD. 1 will give the Senator my
answer if he wishes it. If the Committee on Pen-
sions, on an investigation ot the question, should
present a bill of that kind, I should, no doubt,
support it; but as it does not fall within my sphere
of duty, I cannot attend to it. I am not such a
universal genius.
Mr. IVERSON. I submit that, if there be so
much danger in one class of cases, there is in
others. If the principle be just, it ought to be ap-
plied in all cases. I say tfiat Senators here vote
appropriations of millions from the public Treas-
ury every year on parol evidence; and how con-
sistent is their argument!
My proposition is, to open the door to parol
evidence to prove services under such rules and
regulations as the Pension Office may prescribe.
I believe that office may prescribe such rules and
regulations as will prevent the commission of
frauds and perjuries. If the Commissioner of
Pensions cannot do this, the Government deserves
to be cheated of its lands. Let it be cheated if
the officers having charge of them cannot throw
such guards around a system of this kind, and
the introduction of proof under it, as will prevent
the practice of frauds.
The Senator from Michigan and the other
members of the Committee on Public Lands, do
not carry out the principle which they have ad-
vocated on this lloor. They favor the produc-
tion of parol evidence to prove the service of the
Plattsbuig volunteers. Will not frauds be prac-
ticed probably by some individuals who were not
Plattsburg volunteers ? They propose to throw
open the door to the production of parol proof in
that case. Is there not danger that some persons
who were not at Plattsburg may prove their ser-
vices there by fraud and perjury?
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him for a moment. 1 have re-
plied at least three times to the Senator's state-
ment which lie has just repeated.
Mr. IVEIISON. I believe the Senator has re-
plied, but he has never made a sensible reply to
it yet, according to my construction of his re-
marks.
Mr. STUART. That is a matter of opinion
about which the Senator and others, perhaps,
may differ; I shall express no opinion in regard
to it. The act of 1855, in the view of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, did give bounty land'to
those who were in service at Plattsburg, at King's
Mountain, and Nickojack, and at Lewistown,
and did intend that their service should not be
proved by record evidence solely. I have
stated before, that, in consequence of that opinion
of the committee, they reported their substitute
as it is. To show that there is ground for it, I
will state that the Commissioner holds that the
limitation of fourteen days' service does not apply
to persons engaged m those services, as it does to
the other portions of the bill of last year; but he
holds that the requisition of record evidence does
apply to them. The committee thought he was
mistaken, and that neither of these requisitions
was intended by the act of 1855 to apply to them,
and therefore, they reported the provision to
which the Senator alludes.
Mr. IVERSON. I construe the intention of
the act of 1855 from its own language. If the
Senator from Michigan has any other private
mode of ascertaining the intention of Congressin
passing it, I know nothing of it. The act of
1855, according to the broad construction of the
Pension Office, and even of the Senator from Michi-
gan, simply intends to give those engaged in the
battle of Plattsburg bounty land; but still they
must prove their service m some way. It is said
that it was not the intention of Congress to re-
quire them to prove it by record evidence; but
such is the law. Now, the Committee on Public
Lands propose to obviate the law of 1855, and
say that those who fought at Plattsburg, at Nicko-
jack, and at some other particular places, shall be
permitted to prove their service by parol testi-
mony. I submit that if you throw open the door
to the admission of parol evidence in favor of
those who fought at Plattsburg and Nickojack,
you should throw it open m all cases. Are you
not liable to the practice of fraud in these cases
as well as in others ? The act of 1855 no more
intended to give land to the Plattsburg volunteers
than to the volunteers who were in any other
battle—in the battle of Pedee river, to which I
referred the Senate yesterday, in Alabama.
The law says that any man who was actually
engaged m battle, whether he served for fourteen
days or not, shall be entitled to bounty land. The
question is, how shall youprove the service?—how
shall you prove the fact of his having been in
battle? The Senator from Michigan and the
members of the Committee on Public Lands say,
"We will permit those who served at Plattsburg,'
and the other places named, to prove the fact of
their service by parol, but we will not pshnit any
other persons, no mailer how, and wnere, and
under what circumstances they served, to prove
their service by parol." That is the long and the
short ofit; that is the proposition of the committee
in its naked form.
Now, they tell us that, if we admit parol evi-
dence, we give rise to frauds on the Government.
Well, sir, will you notgive rise to the practice of
frauds by opening the door in these particular
cases, as well as by opening it generally? Is it
not probable that some person will bring forward
a claim for bounty land under an allegation, that
he was at Plattsburg, when he was not there? Is
it not at leastpossible that frauds of this sort will
be practiced under these particular provisions ? If
that be so, and the argument is that you must ex-
clude parol evidence because frauds maybe prac-
ticed, does it not apply to these cases as well as
to others ? That is the argument; but I submit
that it is notfounded on reason, or common sense,
or justice. If you permit one set of soldiers to
have bounty lands on parol evidence, why ex-
clude others from the operation of the same rule ?
The question is one simply of proof.'
The Commissioner of Pensions .can trench this
matter around by difficulties and embarrassments
which no man can break through. According to
my observation and experience, it isnotvery easy
to practice a fraud on the Pension Office, or on
any of the accounting officers of the Treasury;
because, according to the principle on which they
generally act, they set out in the adjudication of
claims upon the presumption thatevery applicant
for bounty land or for the money of the Govern-
ment is a scoundrel and a rogue, and that there-
fore their duty is to reject every claim which is
presented, whether it be just or unjust—not to
decide as impartial arbiters between the Govern-
ment and individual claimants, but to stand there
to pick out flaws in a memorial which is pre-
sented, and to find frivolous excuse after excuse to
reject claims. Such is the practice of the account-
ing officers of your Government; and according
to my observation the Pension Office stands at
the very head and front of this practice. It is
not an easy matter to get even ajust claim through
the Pension Office. I have recently prosecuted be
fore that office a case founded on testimony of
the strongest character; and yet the Commissioner
of Pensions, driven from one pointto another, has
made excuse after excuse for rejecting it, and 1
shall probably be compelled to bring it before
Congress, so as to have justice done to my con-
stituent. These officers set out m every case with
a determination to reject a claim, if they can, with
the least plausible or possible excuse for it. If,
then, you give the Commissioner of Pensions the
right to establish such rules and regulations as lie
may prescribe, there will be no difficulty as to the
detection of any fraud which may be attempted
under this bill.
I shall vote for the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio, not because I prefer it to my own
amendment, but because I am willing to take
something rather than nothing, upon the old prin-
ciple that "half a loaf is better than no bread."
I shall vote for his proposition, and afterwards I
shall present my own amendment by way of sub-
stitute for that of the Senator from Ohio, if the
rules of the Senate will permit me to do so; be-
cause I am in favor of the general admission of
parol evidence. I am opposed to class legisla-
tion. The Committee on Public Lands propose
to legislate 111 favor of the Plattsburg and the
Nickojack and the King's Mountain volunteers—
to give them the benefits of parol evidence, and
to exclude it in all other cases. This, I think,
docs gross injustice to all those who have fought
anywhere else in the battles of the country, and
it ought not, in my opinion, to receive the coun-
tenance of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. When the bounty land brll of
last year was under consideration, I offered but one
amendment, and that was to include those who
might claim as widows or children of the hus-
bands or fathers who fought at King's Mountain.
Now, if the Senator from Georgia, or any one
