992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22.
else, can bring the class of persons intended to
be embraced by his amendment into the same
position as those who fought at King's Mount-
ain, I should not object to it. Sir, the names of
Ihe men who fought at King's Mountain are not
only perpetuated by tradition and history, but
their meiftory is embalmed in the gratitude of the
country. They are men who have a historical
record, who need no testimony of a transient parol
character.
As I have said, the only amendment I offered
to the bounty land law was to include them; and
now I scarcely ever hear a debate on the subject
in which there is not something said with em-
phasis about <{ King's Mountain." I know of
but three persons who could claim bounty land
for services on that occasion, and I do not know
that they are all Jiving now. They were vener-
able widows. One of them is a widow whose
name is now written on a tombstone—good evi-
dence anywhere. If the Senator from Georgia
will bring such evidence in relation to the classes
of persons whom he proposes to include within
the scope of his amendment, I shall be willing to
support it. I do not say that I would not give
these lands to persons who served anywhere; but
my objection is, that if you undertake to give
them the benefit of parol testimony it will be
abused.
I am told that I voted, the'other day, for the
amendment of the Senator from Georgia; if so,
it must have been because I came into the Cham-
ber at the moment when the roll was called, and
voted with him on faith and friendship; but, 011
a more intelligent view of the subject, I cannot
vote for the admission of parol testimony in this
case, when it must be so very uncertain. When
I spoke, a few minutes ago, I stated a flagrant
case where pensions were granted to Tories.
They obtained them because they were as well
acquainted with the battle-fields—perhaps better
acquaintedwith them, than the Whigs who fought
at different places during the Revolution. I know
that abuses will be admitted under the system of
parol testimony.
As a mode of distributing the public lands, I
should be willing to vote for the amendment of
my friend from Georgia, if he would put his
name to every case which would arise under it.
I know we have never passed a law of this nature
on a standard of merit, but we have had in view,
te some extent, a distribution of the public lands.
Wo know very wll, however, that those who
bled in battle, and who encountered all the hazards
of war, were not to be compared with men who
were at the wagons, or in the counting-house
keeping the accounts of quartermasters; and yet
such persons are brought m under the present
law. 1 shall not undertake to object to it, because
the evidence is certain. I do object, Jiowever, to
opening the dour so widely as to admit loose,
parol testimony in every case.
When the vote was taken the other day, I
have no doubt 1 voted for the amendment of my
friend from Georgia, because I understood that
it was then offered to provide for a worthy class
of persons, and 1 was willing to go that far. I
cannot supportit now, when my attention is called
to its broad provisions. I should not have said
this much, but for the fact of the battle of King's
Mountain having been so often alluded to as an
exception. I believe that is the only amendment
which I ever offered to any bill in the Senate of
the United States.
Mr. IVERSON. If, in offering his amendment
at the last Congress, the Senator had barely put
the foundation of the claims of those who served
at King's Mountain on historical reminiscences,
there would be no difficulty; but the proposition
of the committee is to allow them to prove their
service by parol evidence.
Mr. BUTLER. I should certainly have found
in a grateful posterity some one who was willing
to enlaige the sphere of the tributes to those dis-
tinguished persons by including others not at all
entitled.
Air. BAYARD. I have taken but little partin
this debate; and I should not trespass further on
the attention of the Senate now, but that I wish
to rescue myself from the charge of absurdity,
which the honorable Senator from Georgia makes
against me.
His proposition, as I understand it, is that,
because you vote for an exception to a general
rule, parol testimony ought not to be received
in support of claims or gratuities of this kind
against the Government, you are, therefore, ab-
surdly inconsistent, unless you vote for the gen-
eral admission of parol evidence in all cases. For
the purpose of illustratingthis position, he re-
ferred to the action of Congress in voting con-
stantly on private bills, founded not only on parol,
but on ex parte testimony. The questions are
distinct, and I shall keep them distinct. Whether
or not it is wise in Congress to pass bills founded
on ex parte testimony, is one question. It has
nothing to do with the question of the admission
of parol testimony in this case. We deemed it
not altogether sufficient when we established the
Court of Claims; for I presume it was our ex-
perience—founded on a sense of the impositions
practiced on the Government, and the insecurity
of the ex parte testimony presented to support
private claims—which induced us to pass a law
providing a tribunal which could better investi-
gate them, with more chance of justice to both
sides, and give speedier relief to the claimant,
and protect the Government against imposition
by a proper examination of testimony.
I pass from that point, however, for it has
nothing to do with this question. The admission
of parol evidence depends on a certain rule. If
the subject-matter to which the evidence applies
in the nature of things would be transacted with-
out record, of course parol evidence must be
admitted; but where the subject to which it relates
is a matter which is recorded at the time, no prin-
ciple which would be allowed in any court of
justice would admit parol evidence of a fact which
ought to appear by record, unless in case of the
loss or destruction of the instrument. The prin-
ciple is a sound one.
Now, I wish to know whether, in mustering
troops into the service of the country in the reg-
ular army or the militia,itis notthe general mode
to have pay-rolls and muster-rolls ? Certainly it
is. You have, therefore, in the nature of the sub-
ject-matter itself, registered evidence, which is
the proper and appropriate evidence of the fact
that the party was in the service. Have you not
a right to require that appropriate evidence from
him when you are granting bounty? Where
the appropriate evidence originally existed, and
ought to have existed, is it not right that you
should call for it, before you admit proof of the
claim against the United States? Do you not
open the door to fraud unnecessarily, if you do
not require it >
Mr. IVERSON. My proposition only admits
parol evidence where record evidence does not
exist.
Mr. BAYARD. I understand precisely what
the amendment is; but the rule of the amendment
goes further than the Senator's particular case;
because the moment you admit parol evidence, by
the adoption of this amendment, the effect is that
the party has only to allege and prove his facts
by parol, whether there be record or not. If a
man has record evidence he need not resort to
parol; but if lie has not got record evidence he
may resort to parol without showing why or
wherefore he has not the record evidence. This
is the effect of the Senator's amendment, and I
speak of it as it is.
Now, sir, as a general rule, I say that parol
evidence is always dangerous. I admit, how-
ever, beyond question, that, in those transactions
of the world which arc not matters of record at
the time when they take place, you must of
course rely upon parol testimony. Is that any
reason why you should rely on it in all cases
where a record is made of transactions according
to the ordinary course of human business at the
time? Surely not.
There are a great many other exceptions to
the rule which allows the admission of parol
evidence. I suppose that in most of the States
of the Union there is what is called the statute
of frauds, founded on the principle that there arc
certain classes of obligations which a party cannot
contract and cannot prove by parol. In the ordi-
nary transactions of the world, where indebted-
ness arises between man and man, in the common
course of business, it is generally by parol; and
of course it is capable of proof by parol; and if
you were to deny parol evidence in such a case
you would exclude proof of the fact altogether,
which would be injustice. When, however, one
man assumes the debt of another, the law re-
quires that he should do it in amore formal manner.
In most of the States of the Union—certainly in
my own and many others with which I am
acquainted—the law requires that the assumption
of another man's debts shall be made in writing.
Why? To guard against fraud. The act being of
a nature in which there is no benefit flowing to the
party, and there being no necessity in the ordi-
nary business transactions of man requiring that
such an undertaking should be made by parol,
the law, in order to exclude fraud, requires the
transaction to be in writing; and you cannot
prove it by parol unless you first prove the exist-
ence of the writing and its loss.
Again: in all transactions in regard to land,
such as the conveyance of an estate, which gene-
rally are, and ought to be, of a formal nature, the
law requires that the evidence of transfer shall be
in writing, because it is not according to the or-
dinary course of human business, that it should
be by parol, and it is a proper safeguard against
fraud.
Now, sir, what is the case here ? The Congress
of the United States is disposed to grant a gratu-
ity to those who performed military service for
the United States in the cases stated in the bill,
or to certain of their descendants. Congress does
not mean to grant gratuities to those who did not
perform sorvice. Surely Congress has a right,
and it is its duty, (in providing for those who
yet survived, and have performed the service, or
for the descendants of those who are dead, if it
chooses to substitute them for the ancestor,) to
guard the Government against fraud. What,
then, is the first step, and what is the first thing
to which we must look? What is the nature of
the service in which these parties were engaged?
Military. What is the ordinary mode—what is
the universal mode in which military service is
entered upon? It is, with rare exceptions, by
muster and enrollment. In relation to the sub-
ject-matter, you have, therefore, as a general
rule, written evidence made at the time of the
service for which you mean to give the remuner-
ation. Then is it not right to call for evidence
of that service? Now, it is sought by these
amendments to substitute in place of this'written
evidence, which must have existed generally, a
system which will admit one-sided affidavits; and
for the sake of a dozen persons you are to let in
innumerable, frauds, although you have a right
to call, from the nature of the transaction, for
written evidence of the service!
I admit that there may be exceptions to the
general rule; but it is undoubtedly true that, in
most cases of muster into the military service,
there is written evidence of the name of the party
and the time of the service, either on the muster
or on the pay-rolls. There may be some cases in
which no such documents exist; but I understand
that for those classes the committee have made
provision in their substitute. They have adhered
to the general wise rule of evidence, that, in re-
lation to transactions which, at the time of their
occurrence, were reduced to writing, record evi-
dence must be produced; but they have provided
for the exception of some classes of cases, his-
torically notorious—such as the battle of Platts-
burg, and the battle of King's Mountain, where,
from the nature of the facts, as is well known from
history, no record could have been kept. As
they know the services to have been performed,
and know that, from their character, the evidence
which in all other cases would necessarily exist,
could not ever have existed, they provide that
in these special cases there shall be an exception
to the rule which, for the purpose of guarding
against fraud, requires the production of the writ-
ten evidence which existed at the time of the ser-
vice.
This is the view which I take of this subject.
I understand that the cases which the committee
have excepted from the general rule, are cases
where, from the summary character of the at-
tendance of the parties—fully explained by the
committee—there could have been no muster or
pay-rolls. There is, therefore, a proper ground
for exception as to that class of cases, and it is
confincd to them. If you extend the exception
generally, and allow parol evidence to be admitted
to prove service in all cases, it will not be neces-
sary to prove the original muster at all, and it
will be entirely dispensed with. It does not require
