266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
ive clause was struck out, both of Kentucky s
Senators (Crittenden and Talbot) voting against
the restriction. The Houses respectively ad-
hered to their positions, and thus the bill was
lost in the Fifteenth Congress.
I have been thus minute, Mr. Clerk, to prove
that Kentucky's statesmen at that day held no
ambiguous position upon this great question in
either branch of the National Legislature. They
were utterly opposed to this restriction, which
was then sought to be imposed under the same
claim of constitutional power as is now advanced;
and I repeat, that the diligent inquirer after the
truth can have no difficulty in determining what
Mr. Clay's views were at the time.
There was one occasion during the same Con-
gress, in which Mr. Clay's .opposition to the
exercise of this power was still more conspicuous.
The bill to organize the Territory of Arkansas
being under consideration, Mr. Taylor, of New
York, proposed as an amendment the same clauses
as Mr. Tallmadge had passed m the Missouri
bill. The House refused to insert the first mem-
ber of the amendment by a vote of—yeas 70, nays
71, but passed the second—ycas75, nays73. So
it was determined that" all children born of slaves
in Arkansas Territory shall be free, but may bo
held to service until the age of twenty-five years."
When the question came up on engrossing the bill
as amended for a third reading, Mi. Robeitson, of
Kentucky, moved to recommit the bill and amend-
ment to a special committee, with instructions to
strike out the amendment. Upon this question
the vote stood—yeas 88, nays 88; and Henry
Clay, from that chair, as Speaker of this House,
gave the casting vote in the affirmative, and thus
crushed the attempt to impose this odious restric-
tion upon a Territory then receiving lis organic law
from Congress. The amendment was immedi-
ately struck out, and the report was concurred
in by the following vote—yeas 80, nays 87. Mr.
Taylor then tried again his amendment with the
seccnd, member struck off, and again he lost it by a
vote of—yeas 86, nays 90.
And now, Mr. Clerk, notice that at this mo-
ment of time, the 19th of February, 3819, Mr.
Taylor, of New York, brought forward for the
first time the proposition for a geographical line.
He said "he thought it important that some line
should be designated beyond winch slavery should
not be permitted," &c.; and then he ottered this
amendment:
"That neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall
hereafter he introduced into any part of the Territories of
the United States lyni^ north of and IW of uoith lat-
itude."
Mark the language, sir, and the circumstances
under which the North brought forward the prop-
osition for a geographical line. It was to be ap-
plied to<£ all the Territories of the United States,"'
and was suggested as a principle of legislation by
which we were to be guided in all our Territories.
Discussion ensued; Mr. Strothcrthought it would
be better to withdraw the amendment, and bring
forward the principle in a separate bill. Mr. Tay-
lor withdrew the proposition, as an amendment,
and the bill was passed.
I have shown you, sir, that Mr. Clay was early
and constant in his oj^position to this exercise of
the restrictive power cither as regards new States,
or in relation to a Territory of the United States;
and 1 have shown you that the suggestion of re-
striction down to a named geographical line was
then presented,.after a defeat, by the leading man
from the North, as a principle to be made appli-
cable to all the Territories of the United States.
When this restrictive clause was applied after-
wards to the Missouri bill, was it not understood
as the application of the principle which was to
be the rule with respect to " all the Territories
of the United States?"
But let tis return to the connection of Mr. Clay
with the later history of the Missouri case. The
bill to admit Missouri was brought before the
Sixteenth Congress. Mr. Clay was again Speak-
er. On the 26th of January, 1830, Mr. Taylor,
of New York, offered to amend the fourth sec-
tion of the bill by adding a clause requiring
Missouri "to ordum and establish thattheieshall
be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude m
said State, otherwise than in punishment for
crime, whereof the party shall nave been duly
convicted," &c., &c. The great debate of 1820
opened at that point with Mr. Taylor's speech;
and while this restrictive amendment was pend-
ing Mr. Clay spoke, on the 8th of February,
1820, "nearly four hours against the right and
expediency of the proposed restriction." This
great speech is also lost, or at least does not
appear on the record, but Mr. Clay's position on
the question pending is distinctly defined; and
this restriction was inserted in that bill on the
25th of March, over the opposition of Mr. Clay.
On the 26th of March Mr. Storrs moved a pro-
viso prohibiting slavery in'all the country known
as Louisiana, north of 360 30', excepting the part
included in the State of Missouri. This amend-
ment was lost in committee; but when the House
bill passed and went to the Senate, that body
passed jt witn an amendment, which was to
strike out the Taylor amendment, already alluded
to, and to insert in lieu the Thomas and Storr
amendment. The committee of conferencc be-
tween the two Houses recommended the striking
out of the Taylor proviso, and the addition of the
eighth section of the Missouri net, now called the
Missouri compromise. The Taylor proviso was
struck out by—yeas 90, nays 87, ana the eighth
section was passed by a vote of—yeas 134, nays
42. Mr. Clay was never in a position to vote upon
these propositions, which occurred altogether in
the House, he oeing in the chair.
I think there can be no justification, therefore,
for the member from Pennsylvania to cite Mr.
Clay's name as authority for the attempt to im-
pose tin* restriction upon the Territory, since
he exerted himself, with all the power of which
he was master, to stay the hand of power through
all the preceding debates connected with the
subject, and gave no vote or voice, because of his
official position, when the deed was in fact done.
And observe, sir, when the eighth section was
added, it was taken as a sad alternative, after
a northern majority had imposed upon Missouri,
by inserting Taylor's amendment in the bill,
a condition which was a detraction from her
attributes of sovereignty, and a violation of her
rights.
1 have said on another occasion, that the eighth
section was taken as a compromise. I have
shown you that it was introduced m the preced-
ing (Fifteenth) Congress as applicable to all the
Territories of tne United States' It was so under-
stood, doubtless, when it was finally accepted in
the Missouri bill, and was so acted upon for years.
I have said that it was adopted to supply a coins
omissus of the Constitution, for I have no idea
the framers of that instrument contemplated the
acquisition of ceiritory beyond the Mississippi,
or territory in an unorganized political state,
beyond that already held by the United States at
the date of the Constitution, and provided for.
And, sir, I was willing in 1850 to abide by the
Missouri compromise, as a compromise made by
men of other times, and to carry it forward to the
Pacific, or to "all the Territories of the United
States," which was the true spirit of it. I would
have, done so, as 1 wouid have executed a treaty,
for which I was not responsible, and which I could
not on principle have originally approved. 1
should have acquiesced in it, because it hud been
determined upon by others as the basis of peace,
and the restorer of harmony to a distracted
country.
But,sir, there was not in 1850 one single north-
ern man, so far as I know or believe, who advo-
cated the restrictive proviso, then known as the
"Wilnmf proviso—who was willing to stand by
the Missouri compromise as a principle applica-
ble to "all the Territories of the United States."
They repudiated it as a principle. And even now,
m this Holl to-day, there are few of those who
clamor about the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise line, who will stand by it as a principle, and
agree to apply it to " all the Territories of the Uni-
ted States." They wish to take the benefits of
the contract, and to shun its burdens. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania himself would not agree
to extend the Missouri compromise line to the
Pacific ?
Mr. GROW. I would not.
Mr. MARSHALL. Try it when you will as
a principle, and they who are now so eager about
Kansas will repudiate it, because they desire to
restrict the extension of slavery south of that line.
They now declare it was in the nature of a com-
pact, but only applicable to the countryaccprired
under the name of Louisiana. I say, sir, it was
offered first from the North as a principle to be
applicable to all the Territories of the United
States, and, when adopted in the Missouri case,
was adopted in the spirit in which it was first
offered. The action of the Government in other
cases proves the fact. When Texas was annexed
—aslaveholding republic—why was the prohibi-
tion north of 36° 30' applied to her and to the
States to be formed out of that part of her do-
main ? It was done in obedience to what was
accepted as the spirit of the Missouri compro-
mise. No other reason can'be given for the act;
yet Tex® was not of the country called Louis-
iana.
Why was the proviso applied to Oregon ? Mr.
Polk, then President of the United States, sent a
special message here, giving, as his reason for
signing that bill, his determination to abide by
and carry out the principle of the Missouri compro-
mise. tie distinctly declared, that but for this
reason he would not have approved the bill; and
yet Oregon was not held by our " Louisiana"
title. Shall these gentlemen stand by and accept
the principle where it suits their purposes, and
discard it when they are in pursuit of new objects
it does not suit? When did the southern repre-
sentation shrink from it, until northern men repu-
diated and scoffed it, and said it was limited to
the domain acquired as Louisiana, and that they
would not observe it for another inch of the ter-
ritory of the United States ? Never, sir; never.
There is not a chancellor on earth who would
not decree that, upon the facts here exhibited,
and the necessary implications from the conduct
of the northern men in the Texas and Oregon
cases, they were bound to abide the principle in
its extension to all the Territories of the United
States; or who would not also decree, upon tho
facts, that, when the North repudiated the prin-
ciple of the compromise, and declined to abide
its extension9 the other section was at liberty,
without breach of faith, to hold the whole as
abrogated—as not binding in law, nor in the
forum of conscience.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, here obtained tho
floor.
Mr. GROW. I desire to say a word in reply
to the gentleman from Kentucky oil this point
of the Uuth of history.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Illinois
has the iloor.
Mr. GROW. I will not then take up the time
of the gentleman, but take another occasion to
say what I desire.
Mr. HARRIS. I should not, sir, have at-
tempted at this time to occupy the time of the
House for a moment, had it not been for the dec-
ollation made by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Grow,] who dared any one to deny
what he had assorted. In the full confidence that
in the denial of that assertion would be the truth
I ventured a denial at the time. The statement
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania was,
that Mr. Clay was the supporter of the Missouri
line of 13:20, and lie dared any one to deny that
such wa-4 the fact.
Mr. GROW. I do not think that I dared any
one to deny it, but 1 appealed to the record for
the truth of mv assertion.
Mr. HARRIS. Well, whether tho gentleman
did or not, his words are taken by the reporters,
and their record will show how the fact is.
Mr. GROW. Very well; let that determine it.
Mr. HARRIS. But I want to say a few words
in connection with this question, and to dispose
of the challenge which the gentleman has thrown
out to the House. I state here in my place, that
the remark which the gentleman made, that Mr.
Clay favored the territorial restriction, is not cor-
rect. What docs the record show ? In the first
place I read from the 17th volume of Niles's Re-
gister, pages 174 and 175, as follows:
" Wednesday, January26, (1820.) After other business,
the Hou>e went into Committee of the Whole (Mr. Bald-
win m tho chair) on the Missouu bill.
" The proposition under consideration was an amend-
ment oli'ered yesterday to the second section of the bill by
Mr. Storrs, substantially to alter the limits of the plopo^ed
State, so as to make the Missouri n ver tho northern bound-
ary thereof"—[with the view of drawing a Ime on which
those m fa\ or of, and those opposed to, tlie slave restriction
might compromise their views.]
'•Mr. Storrs rose and withdiew the amendment he of-
fered yesterday, and in lieu theieof submitted the following:
"Jlnd 'provided farther, and it is hereby enacted, That for-
ever hereafter neither slavery noi involuntary servitude (ex-
cept foi the punishment of crimes for which the parry shall
