1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1667
that question to those who should become inhab-
itants of the Territory; and gentlemen will permit
me to say that I have never heard any valid ar-
gument against a principle so manifestly rightand
proper in itself. As an abstract proposition there
can be no just objection to the submission to the
people of a Territory of all matters that concern
then* domestic policy. If it be conceded that
Congress possesses to the fullest possible extent
the power to legislate for them, the full exercise
of that power would be a violation of one of the
fundamental features of our institutions. From
the very beginning of our Government we have
proceeded upon the idea that every portion of our
people should have the right of representation in
all matters that concern their welfare. The people
of a Territory are as much entitled to the exer-
cise and enjoyment of this right as those of a
State. The fact, that they have yielded to the
spirit of adventure, and moved beyond the lines
of a State, is not sufficient to destroy this right.
They are still a part of the great American family,
having a common interest m the common inherit-
ance of their brethren. They are by their enter-
prise extending the areaof civilization, and adding
to the strength and power of the nation. Why,
then, should they be deprived of the right of repre-
sentation over all their domestic affairs ?
Gentlemen will excuse me for saying that I
have yet heard no good argument against a prop-
osition so essentially in harmony with the nature
and spirit of our institutions. Every fair-minded
man will concede that, when the people of a Ter-
ritory shall form a State constitution, and apply
for admission into the Union, they have clearly
the right, under the Constitution of the United
States, to determine as they please all questions
of domestic economy and policy. The only
restriction upon this general power imposed by
the Constitution, is that which requires that their
form of State government shall be republican m
character. If that is accomplished, they are
entitled to admission into the Union, "upon an
equal footing with the other States," and conse-
quently to till the rights of State sovereignty.
These are principles too well settled to be now
controverted. What impropriety, then, is there,
under a form of government like ours, in granting
to them, whiie they are a Territory, the power
which it is admitted they can rightfully exercise
when they become a State? True, the territory
composing Kansas was so situated, before the act
passed, as that, under what was called the " Mis-
souri compromise," slavery could not exist there.
But, then, that compromise was a mere legislative
act, subject, like all others, to repeal; and, be-
sides, it was passed by the South as a measure
of concession to the North—a friendly and broth-
erly concession. It was adhered to by the South
—religiously and tenaciously adhered to—until
the North repudiated it, and thus released the
South from any further obligation of observance
to its provisions. Thus the principle embraced
in it was again made the subject of legislative
action, when the South, and a large portion of
the North, concurred in the policy of its repeal,
in order to secure the ascendency of the principle
to which I have referred, that the people, both of
the Territory and State, shall act for themselves.
The repeal, therefore, being a mere common act
„of legislation, and conferring upon the people of
Kansas only such powers as are consistent with
our form of Government, and the character of our
institutions, did not, in my judgment, constitute
ajust occasion for complaint. Certainly, it did
not justify the interference, by the people of the
States, with the domestic affairs of the people of
the Territory. The latter, it is true, were occu-
pying the common property of the (Jnion; but it
was soon to bcoovne theirs; and the Union was
to reccivc that consideration for it which was pro-
vided by law. They were building up institu-
tions for themselves and their children; and, so
far as the people of the States were concerned,
would, when they became, a State, owe no other
ailegiance to them than that which would arise
out of a common obligation of obedience to the
FederarUmon, and the relationship of national
brotherhood. It was the duty of the States,
therefore, to let them alone; to let them govern
tlums-dves in their own way; to let them build
up such institutions as they should think neces-
sary to promote their own honor and welfare, and
to let them cultivate amongst themselves those
habits of industry, enterprise, and refinement,
that so remarkably distinguish the people of
every section of the Union. This was the course
which patriotism and good neighborhood required
of the people of the States. But, instead of it,
we have seen the reverse. For not a single hour
of their existence have the people of "Kansas been
let alone. At points of the Union the most
remote from them, a voluntary guardianship of
them has been assumed; and, as if they were the
mere wards of the people of the States, having
no discretion, because of their minority, to man-
age their own affairs, they have been forcibly
placed under an obnoxious pupilage, unt^l the
peace of their society is endangered, and all their
best interests are put at hazard.
In one State, Massachusetts, this guardianship
has been assumed in a most extraordinary and
dangerous manner—extraordinary, because it is
the first example of the kind in this country, and
dangerous, because it has aroused the passions,
caused the cauldron of political excitement to boil
and bubble over, shook the Union to its very
foundations, and excited alarm and apprehension
in every mind. The Legislature^ of this State
went so far in this work of assumption as to in-
corporate a company with a capital of $5,000,000,
called the " Massachusetts Emigrant Aid Com-
pany," with the avowed object of so directly in-
terfering in the affairs of Kansas as to force upon
the people there, whether they were willing or
not, just such institutions as they chose to form
for them. This company organized itself, elected
all the necessary officers, and went regularly to
work to make Kansas a free State, nolens volens,
by the importation there of such voters as they
could procure to be used for the occasion. They
professed to be moved by principles of humanity
and benevolence; but if they had even one eye
directed towards results of this nature, they kept
the other steadily gazing upon a different object,
taking good care, as we say in the West, of
number one.
The rich prairies of Kansas invited extensive
speculations; they promised an abundant harvest
of reward. And to the minds of those gentlemen
who were thus so patriotically engaged in inter-
fering with matters that did not concern them,
the times offered a most flattering prospect of
securing to themselves the fruits of this harvest.
It is not necessary for me to deny that thevjiad
somehumanity offeeling: but itdoesappearfrom
their own showing that they had just enough of
it to form the basis of a handsome peculation.
Who ever heard before of that sort of patriotism
that earned on a trade—a regularly systematized
trade in dollars and cents ? What a lofty, ele-
vated, ennobling, magnanimous patriotism it
was! See with what touching eloquence the
secretary of this disinterested, and patriotic com-
pany addressed himself to the humanity and
benevolence and Christian charity of the people
of Massachusetts:
" It is recommended that the company's agents locate
and take up for the company's bftnefif the section^ of land
iii which thu boarding-houses and jmlKnie Iocnted,and no
others. And nutiier, that whenever the Terutoiy be
oig.inized iia a fiee State, the tinges shall di>-po*e of at 1
its ihwre, icplucc hi the the fttonc>i had out,
declare a dividend to the stockholders, and that they then
select a nev jiehl and make similar <trrav«eiacvls lor the
settlement and organisation of another Jrec State ui this
Union."'
Mr. Speaker, here lies the origin of all the dif-
ficulties now connected wi'h Kansas affairs. The
organization of this company, to import voters,
to buy lands, to make money, and to make Kan-
sas a free State, in spite of all consequences to the
country and the Union, is the foundation of the
whole. If these people had stayed at home, if they
had let us alone,if they had attended to their own
business, Kansas would have enjoyed entire quiet;
but they would not—in spite of the most earnest
entreaty they would not. They advertised for
men; they proclaimed their purposes upon the
house-tops; they procured allies fiom the excited
population of the North; they posted their agents
at every point upon the highways, from Boston to
Kansas; they excited the people with their cries
for human liberty; they formed companies, com-
posed partly of men gathered up from the streets
and alleys of your cities, and with these they
marched upon Kansas, declaring, as they went,
that they were icady to fight—ay, and to die for
freedom ! Mark you, sir, Kansas was then quiet;
peace rested everywhere within Her borders; the,
few people who were there; hardy, enterprising,,
and intelligent, were putting forth all their ener-
gies to cause the wilderness to blossom with the
fruits of their industry. And when they found
their peace disturbed, and their quiet broken by
these large bodies of men moving steadily upon
them for a fixed and declared purpose, it would
have been,unnatural if they had not been arous'ed.
And it would have been unnatural, too, if the
people of other States had not also been aroused.
Kansas borders upon Missouri; the western
counties of that State, and the eastern ones of
| Kansas, are part of the same great valley. Their
| people must always mingle together in trade and
j commerce. It is therefore to be expected, that
! from the beginning they should entertain a com-
I munity of interests. And it was to be expected,
! too, that some of the people of Missouri should
' consider themselves as having as much interest
in Kansas as the people of Massachusetts, and as
] having the same right to interfere in her domes-
'• tic affairs. Those who came there from Massa-
chusetts were under the control of, and the per-
fect vassals to a party of nwUifiers in that State,
wii o had procured the Legislature to declare that
a law of Congress should not be executed there;
and they could readily foresee that, if these peo-
ple got possession of the Legislature of Kansas,
they would force that young Territory into a
career of treason and nullification at the very
outset. And they could also see that such a law
in Kansas as existed in Massachusetts would be
an invitation to every slave in Missouri to escape
from his master, and take refuge there. Thus
they saw fifty million dollars worth of property
placed at hazard—of property guarantied by the
Federal Constitution, and they would have been
less than men if they had not been excited.
Sir, I justify no acts of violence—I condemn
them all; but there are occasions when the best
men will not listen to reason. No man, how-
ever tame, will stand still and suffer his property
to be wrested from him by violence. Excited,
however, as the people of Missouri were, they
are not entitled to the epithets of abuse so con-
stantly and industriously bestowed upon them—
they are not " border ruffians." Far from it, sir.
They are men whose patience has been put to a
severe test; and if they have occasionally been
guilty of imprudence, they have but done what
any other portion of the American people, under
like circumstances, would have done. The
have found apology, if not excuse, in the con-
duct of those who have gone to Kansas for the
avowed purpose of forcing upon the people their
own peculiar views of policy. It is well known
that these people have organized themselves into
a secret order, pledged to each other by oaths
and obligations that they will resort to blood-
shed, if necessary, to make Kansas a free State.
I have now before me a complete history of this
organization, which I shall ask leave to make a
part of my speech, but which I cannot read on
account of its great length. It shows such a
; state of affairs as never existed elsewhere, and
, which all who desire the peace and quiet of the
! country will devoutly pray may never exist
again. How is it possible for the affairs of a
j Territory to progress in peace when these things
1 are done, and openly avowed and justified? But
! it ffe not my purpose to enter into details on this
1 subject, as it has no immediate connection with
! my right to the seat I occupy.
: I have stated that I was a candidate without a
; competitor. The election was held conformably
| to the law of the Territory, and I received about
two thousand nine hundred votes, There were
i thirty-six votes cast for Governor Reeder, but he
j does'not pretend to claim that by virtue of these
\ rotes he is entitled to the seat as Delegate. To
* do that would be an admission that the act of the
Legislature, under which the election was held,
I was valid, and that the Legislature had the right
! to pass it. But that would not avail him, for
! another and equally important reason; for he very
! well knows that, even though it were admitted
that illegal votes were cast for me, yet it would
be impossible to reduce the number I received to
anything near that given to him. If I had only
received Jifty votes, I would have been entitled to
the certificate of election, and to my seat here.
That, at all events, cannot be denied. I have the
right to insist, therefore, and do insist, that as I
