1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
257
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston,
Senate.
an examination of the facts which led to the course you
have pursued, alleging that such an examination will show
that they have suffered great injustice in being removed
from the squadron and sent home to the United States.
" These allegations, together with some passages in the
dispatches referring to the motives which influenced you
in sending them home, induced the Department carefully to
examine and collate all the communications received troni
you since your departure from the United States.
" Tlus examination has produced a conviction that, al-
though there might have been sufficient cause on the ground
of general expediency, and a due regard to that harmony
among all classes of officers which is so essential to the
honor and interests of the Navy, to withdraw a portion of
the officers from the squadron, and for the commander to
direct the position of others to be changed, there are no
specific acts or definite charges exhibited in the documents
transmitted to the Department, and no official misconduct
alleged against the ward-room officers of the Ohio gener-
ally, that would authorize or justify the censure which the
Department passed on these gentlemen in the letter of De-
cember 16, 1839.
" As this letter undoubtedly led to the measure of which
Lieutenants Pendergrast, Du Pont, Missroon, and Godon,
complain, and has been made public in the squadron under
your command, by being read to the officers of the Ohio,
the Department feels it equally due to the obligations of
justice, to its own honor, and to the feelings of the officers
of the ward-room of that ship, and to the Navy generally,
that it should repair, as far as may be proper and becoming,
the consequences which that letter may have produced.
•( For this purpose, therefore, it has been determined to
direct Lieutenants Pendergrast, Du Pont, Missroon, and
Godon, to return to the Mediterranean, and resume the
duties and stations from whence they were removed, and
that equal publicity be given to this letter with that of De-
cember 16,1839, which was the immediate cause of their
removal.
" In thus promptly endeavoring to repair the injuries
which may have been inflicted on the interests and feelings
of these officers by an act which, though believed to be
just and expedient at the time, is now, from subsequent
explanations, admitted to have been otherwise, it is confi
dently expected that this example will have a salutary
influence, and produce a restoration of that mutual har-
mony, respect, and confidence among the offidfers of the
squadron in the Mediterranean which is equally essential
to tl|f efficiency and reputation of the Navy, and to the
welfare of their country, which looks to that right arm of
its defense for the special protection of its interests and its
honor throughout all parts of the world."
I subfciit that the admission of the Secretary
of the Navy clearly is, that his first order was
issued upon representations which subsequent
inquiry showed him could not be sustained, and
that the censure involved in the first order was
entirely remitted. He made this reparation an
act as to the meaning of which there could be no
doubt. He restored the officers to their former
positions, and directed that this second letter,
which exculpated them, should be read on the
quarter-deck of the vessel. Sir, is it not very
hard that, because an officer has served in this
tribunal, his whole life is to be scrutinized, and
not only scrutinized, but that you are to have a
partial representation made or one portion of a
transaction in which he was engaged, and a letter
condemnatory of his conduct read, when the
Senator who read it knew at the very time that
the order had been revoked, and that tlie officer,
on subsequent inquiry, had been relieved from
any censure which was contained in that order?
Mr. President, there is one other point to which
I shall refer, and then I shall have done. I do
not think it necessary to follow him in all his
charges, because I rely more oil what I have just
stated, as an indication of the spirit and frame of
mind with which the Senator from Texas has
entered into this investigation, than I do on aught
else, adopting the old saying, exv.no disce bomnes.
If, on so plain a case as that, he could be guilty
of the gross injustice which he has committed, I
ask what reliance is to be placed on his other re-
marks based on mere rumor? I proceed, then,
to the next charge—what is it ? The honorable
Senator from Texas takes up a report made by
Commander Du Pont to Commodore Shubrick
on the coast of California, and he endeavors
throughout to turn that into ridicule, coupling it
also at the same time with the allegation, "I assail'
no man." No, it is not assailing a man to go
through his whole life; it is not assailing a man
to read a part of the action of the Navy Depart-
ment in reference to him, without reading the
reparation and the admission of the wrong done!
It is not assailing a man to take up his report
made to his superior, and read parts of it with par-
ticular emphasis! Any paper may be entirely
distorted by the particular emphasis with which
it ia read. It is not assailing a man to descend
even to the low mimicry of a whistle in the Senate
of the United States, in order to throw ridicule I
New Series—No. 17
and indignity over him ! It is not assailing a man
to obtain from some false friend a private letter in
order to blacken and injure his character. Oh no!
that is all becoming the character and position of
a Senator of the United States ! Mr. President,
"save me from my friends!" say I, if such be
not assailing a man.
The Senator has made a private letter of
Captain Du Pont the subject of ridicule. There
is nothing in it. If it involves anybody, it in-
volves the man to whom it was addressed as a
friend, who, if he has consented to its being used
for the purpose for which it has been used here
to-day, is a disgraced and dishonored man in the
have done. I suppose any mail placed in the
same situation would be liable to the same charge.
But I do mean to repel as unfounded, and unsus-
tained by anything which has fallen from the hon-
orable Senator, the slightest imputation on his
honor or his character as an officer and a gentle-
man; and I do mean to say, that I think the
attack on him has been wanton in the extreme.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, I am very
sorry that I am hoarse on this occasion, for I
should be happy to be able to speak audibly and
distinctly to the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Bayard,] who has honored me with a brief notice.
eyes of every American gentleman. If it had It will be recollected that the charges which I
hppn RnnpMQOfi tr  tka fianotA* '"p- i.-*  i ^ j   ... , i ^ ° i .i
been addressed to the Senator from Texas him-
self, he never would have read it here. He must
have seen, from the face of the letter itself, as it
is signed at the end, "my dear friend," that it
was in the confidence of personal friendship. It
is brought here, having no relation to this matter,
for it proves nothing, and could show nothing.
If it could show anything at all, it would only i
! show that Captain Du Pont had, as the phre-
nologists say, the organ of " approbativeness"
largely developed; that he was fond of praise.
It is brought here for the purpose of throwing
his character into ridicule. I am sure that the
honorable Senator would never have read a con-
fidential letter addressed to him for such a pur-
Eose. 1 am sorry to find that he has brought it
ere, when addressed to another man in the con-
fidence of private friendship. I know not to
whom it was addressed; but it is signed " dear
friend," and the tone of the letter is confidential
throughout. If it has been lent, by the party
•who received it for the purpose of being used
here, he will have cause to regret that he ever
suffered it to go out of his possession.
My colleague [Mr. Clayton] stated that Cap-
tain Du Pont did not desire to serve on this board.
The Senator from Texas says, that none but those
who know him can believe that statement; that
he, for one, does not believe it. That is his lan-
guage in substance as I took it down. Mr. Pres-
ident, it is a high compliment to a man, and in
this case, perhaps, it is true, to say that, though
"he may not have the wide-spread popularity of
the honorable Senator from Texas, though he is
far less known, yet those who do know him feel
certain, if he says he did not desire to serve on-
that board, that such is the truth, even against
apparent and fanciful analogies which might
otherwise lead to a different opinion. It is pay-
ing him no ordinary compliment.
I shall not detain the Senate further, for I have
effected all that I intended to effect when I rose.
I came to the Senate this morning utterly unpre-
pared for such an assault on this gentleman
mentioned were stated from official records; they
were not fabricated by myself. For the cour-
teous, polite, and elegant language of the Senator,
I am indebted to him. It is not characteristic of
every gentleman in the Senate, but to him it may
be appropriate; and I shall not attempt to defty
him the credit due to him for it. He uses the
terms "unfounded," "calumny," "poison,"
and " antidote," and other such terms,as if Cap-
tain Du Pont had been assailed by any unfounded
charge or accusation. Because facts have been
arrayed which, in his estimation—though perhaps
not in the estimation of others—are calculated to
produce ridicule, he thinks I have been guilty of
a very grave offense. Sir, lam astonished at the
gentleman; I am afraid that he has lost his temper,
and substituted passion for reflection and calm-
ness. I should be glad to see a restoration of
that amiability which has characterized the gen-
tleman in his habitual intercourse heretofore; and
I am unwilling that he should make me the sub-
ject of his particular vindictiveness if he gets into
a little pet at any time.
Mr. BAYARD. I assure the honorable Sena-
! tor that I have no vindictive feelings towards him
at all; and if he mistakes indignation for temper,
I cannot help it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, if the gentleman in-
dulges his indignation unnecessarily, I am very
sorry for him. It was not my intention by any
means to excite it. I shall not now occupy the
time of the Senate by a reply to him; but when his
remarks shall have been published, I will pin down
every word and sentence which I have used with
reference to Mr. Du Pont. He shall not escape
the justice of charges that are fairly evoked by
the public documents. I have made no charges
against him; but am I precluded, as an honorable
man, from arraying the facts as they have been
presented to us in official documents ? Is it proper
to intimate that I have usad abetter, surreptitiously
obtained, by a betrf\yal of private confidence?
Sir, I deny the implication. It was not a private
pared tor such an assault on this gentleman. 1 letter, nor was it marked private. It was a letter
have known Captain Du Pont from the time he of public import, and of great consequence and
was twelve years old; we were boys together at   * • •• • - -
school; he was a brave, frank boy there, remark-
ably popular among his fellow schoolboys. From
that hour to this I have known him more or less
intimately. We have always been opposed in
political sentiment and in political opinions; and
this is a sufficient answer to the charge which em-
anated from the honorable Senator, that he has
been sustained by political influence. From my
knowledge of the man, during a period of forty
years, I can safely say that I do not believe that,
at this day, you have in your service a gentle-
man of more unimpeachable honor and integrity,
or of more unquestioned merit, and undoubted
ability to perform, all the duties which may be
required of him, in the service. I speak this from
a personal knowledge of nearly, if not quite, forty
importance to the individual to whom it was ad-
dressed, for he was one who was stricken down
| afiter the greetings of " dear and affectionate
friend," and such endearing terms, when there
was an attempt to evoke from him some accord-
ant expression of admiration and laudation for
the achievements of. Mr. Du Pont. Bccause I
have chosen to read reports that are official in
their character, is that a reason why I am to bo
impugned or denounced on this occasion ?
Moreover, I intend to show that both the gen-
tlemen from Delaware are as partial in the evi-
dence which they array in vindication of this
gentleman, as they have charged me with being
in supporting what I knew.
The remarks of the honorable
  Senator from*
, . - . . - . . . j : Delaware [Mr. Clayton] were published the
years, and from an uninterrupted mtercouse with J other day, containing laudations, most eloquently
one to whom, in political relations, I have always !; and finely embellished bv rhetoric, uDon this offi-
been opposed. For that reason, as much as for
any other, I have felt it due to him to bear the
testimony which I have given to his character
and standing, because I conceive that he has been
most unnecessarily attacked in this body, and in-
juriously to the very cause which the honorable
Senator from Texas advocates.
Sir, Captain Du Pont is a man, and I do not
mean to deny that he has the ambition of a man.
I do not mean to deny that, under the influence
of that ambition, like other men, unconsciously
to himself, he may have carried his reforms
further than, without personal ambition, he could ! to ETdocuments, and ^ying o^ tkem tS
[ finely embellished by rhetoric, upon this offi-
cer. I announced the fact that the letters excul-
patory of his conduct had been read in advance,
and it was not necessary for me to read them, for
they were before the community. That is one
ground for my arraignment on this occasion, as
if I had been culpable in suppressing something!
I suppress nothing; and if the gentleman from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] comes forward as his
champion, I return to him the assurance that Mr.
Du Pont may well exclaim, " Save me from my
friends!" The Senator, speaking on behalf
of Captain Du Pont, arraigns me tor referring
