1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have been duly convicted) shall exist in the territory of tHe
United States Jying north of the thirty-eighth degree of north
latitude, and west of the Mississippi river, and of the bound-
aries of the State of Missouri^ as established by this act: Pro-
vided, That any person escaping into said Territory from
whom laboi or service is lawfully claimed in any of the
States, such fugitive may be lawfully reclaimed and con-
veyed, according to the lawaeof the United States in such
case made and provided, to the person claiming his or her
la&or as aforesaid.
« On this motion a debate ensued of a desultory charac-
ter. Messrs. Randolph, Lowndes, Mercer, Brusn, Smith
of Maiyland, Storrs, and Clay, successively followed each
other in debate."
Now, Mr. Clerk, here is the only mqj^ger ac-
count we find of the character of that debate; but
the question here naturally arises upon which
side of that proposition was Mr. Clay found.
From the position which Mr. Clay subsequently
took in February, in opposition to restrictions upon
the State, when he, according to tha declaration
of the National Intelligencer of this city, rose and
spoke for four hours in opposition, the House
being in the Committee of the Whole, and when
the greatest range of debate was allowed, is it
probable that he would have omitted to state his
views in reference to this question of territorial re-
striction? No one can suppose that for a moment;
and the question is, what position did he take
upon that question ? The gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Humphrey Marshall,] who has
just taken his seat, has stated certain matters
which maybe adduccd collaterally to show what
position he took upon that occasion. But there
is better proof than that—and I take pleasure in
bringing it to the notice of the House, and I wish
it to go carefully upon the records of the House,
as a declaration which I make by authority.
There is now a gentleman living in this city, ven-
erable in years, having been near fifty years in
the service of his country, serving her faithfully,
whose word has never been questioned, and never
will be—who was present and heard Mr. Clay
upon both of these occasions, when he debated
the resolution of Mr. Storrs and the resolution
upon State restriction. He took notes of those
speeches, as he tells me, and he authorizes me to
say that Mr. Clay opposed all restrictions either
upon territory or State. [" Who is it?"] Gen-
eral Jesup, whose authority no man will ques-
tion. He says he heard Mr. Clay upon this floor
upon both of those occasions, and took notes of
his remarks. He has them now, and he proposes
to give them to the public at a proper time. He
says Mr. Clay opposed restriction upon both
branches of this subject, and that he was opposed
to all restriction. He also details the line of
argument pursued upon those occasions.
cut upon other facts of individual recollection,
from other notes and memoranda taken at the
time, there can be no doubt as to Mr.Clay'sposi-
tion upon that question; and it was to correct that
misrepresentation of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, and to place the corrcction before the
country, that I rose, and for nothing more; and
having made the statements I have, in connec-
tion with the remarks of those gentleman from
Pennsylvania, I have nothing more to say.
Mr. GROW. I shall say but a few words in
reply to the gentleman from Illinois. The effort
which he has made to change the record of the
country by citing officers of the Army, or any
living witness, will not, I trust,be admitted here,
or in the country, against the declarations of the
living man, made in the Senate of the United
States in his own vindication.
That Mr. Clay was opposed to any restriction
on the State of Missouri there is no question.
He resisted it from first to last. That is not the
question in controversy. The question is, whe-
ther he was in favor of the adoption of the line
36° 30', north of which slavery should be for-
ever prohibited; and I will read an extract from ,
his own remarks, where ho himself, on the sixth j
of February, 1850, gives the history of the whole <
transaction. In that history he clears up the [
misapprehension which existed in the country i
that lie was the originator of that proposition. |
That fact he denied. In that speech ne reviewed
the controversy, stating his connection with it.
I did not claim that he was in favor of a restriction
on the State, but that he was m favor of the line
of 3G° 30f, and that a majority of southern men
supported it. And what is the record ? Mr. Clay
says:
<k Mr. Thomas; acting in every instance, presented the
proposition of 30° 30', and it was finally agreed to. But I
take the occasion to say, that among those who agreed to
that hne, were a majority of southern mem6er«."
"My friend from Alabama in the Senate, [Mr. King,]
Mr. Pinckney, from Maryland, and a majority of the south-
ern members in this body, voted in favor of the line of 36°
30; and a majority of the members in the other House, at
the head of whom was Mr. Lowndes himself, voted also
for that line. I have no doubt that I did also,"
" But, as I was Speaker of the House, and as the Journal
does not show which way the Speaker votes, except in the
case of a tie, I am not able to tell with certainty how I
actually did vote; but I have no earthly doubt that I voted,
in common vteh my other southern friends, for the adoption
of the line 36° 30'  
Mr. Clay's own declaration, made by himself!
And the summoning of living witnesses to con-
tradict him raises a question, not between me and
the witnesses whom you summon, but a question
between the declaration of your own Clay and
that of your witnesses. There I leave you.
I leave the record, then, with the living wit-
nesses whom you summon to impeach the decla-
ration of your own immortal statesman. But,
sir, from the archives of your country comes the
declaration of one of the living actors of the times,
that the South regarded the adoption of that line
of 360 30' as a triumph. Charles Pinckney
wrote from this Capitol at midnight—for it seems
that all of these slavery laws must be passed in
the darkness of the night; twelve o'clock seems
to be the fitting hour for passing all compromises
in regard to slavery, and for repealing them—at
least such is the history of the country—Mr.
Pinckney, writing from this Hall at the dead
hour of the night, in 1820, says:
" Dear Sir: I hasten tomfoimyouthat this moment we
have earned the question to admit Missouri and all Louis-
ana to the southwaid of 33° 30', free of the restriction of
slaveiy, and give the South in a short time on addition of
six and perhaps eight members to the Senate of the United
States. It is consideied here by the slavcholdiiig States as a
grcat triumph."
It was considered by the South at the time as
a great triumph. And yet men stand here and
tell us that it was forced upon them by the North.
In the Senate of the United States, on the en-
grossment and passage of the bill, twenty south-
ern Senators voted for it—two only against it.
Mr. SAVAGE, (interrupting.) J rise to aques-
tion of order. I understand that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harris] yielded the floor to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow] 
The CLERK. The Clerk did understand the
gentlemanfrom Illinois as yielding the floor tem-
porarily; but it appears that he yielded the floor
entirely.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Illinois had
yielded the floor when I took it; I stated that I
did not want to encroach upon his time.
Mr. SAVAGE. I certainly thought that he
had only yielded it temporarily.
The &LRRK. Under the circumstances, the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is in order.
Mr. GROW. I will be through in a minute.
But lour northern Senators voted for that hne—
eighteen against it. But two southern Senators
voted against it—twenty for it. Among the latter
were both Senators from Virginia, Louisiana,
Tennessee, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri, Ala-
bama, Mississippi, and Delaware, with Mr.
Stokes, of North Carolina, and Mr. Gilliad,of
South Carolina—leaving two against it.
Now there is another part of this letter of Mr.
Pinckney's, which is testimony cotemporaneous
with the passage of that compromise which has
been so ruthlessly stricken down:
" To the north of 30® 30' there is to be, by the present law,
restriction, which, you will see by the votes, I voted agtuiif-t.
But it is at present oj no moment. It is a vast tract, unin-
habited only by savages and wild beasts, m which not a toot
of the Indian claim to sqil is extinguished, and in winch,
according to the ideas prevalent, ao~landoffice will be opened
for a great length of time.3)
But when a land office comes to be opened, you
come here and strike down this restriction—strike
down everything which the North thought she
had secured by that arrangement.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Humphrey
Marshall] said, in the way of interrogatory,
that I would not agree to extend the Missouri
compromise line to the Pacific. That is true.
He undertook to say, however, that the North
had not been faithful to the compromise of 1830.
Sir, what was the Missouri restriction applied to ?
To the territory purchased of Prance—to that
alone, and nothing else. It was not applied to
any other territory, for there was no other to
apply it to. Then, sir, has it not been adhered
to by the North in its application to the territory
to which it was applied ? Wa  it not put on the
statute-book on the 6th of March, 1820; and did
it not continue a valid enactment, without change
or alteration, till the passage of the Nebraska bill
by the last Congress ? How then was- it aban-
doned ? Gentlemen complain that when Missouri
asked to be admitted into the Union, the North
objected to heradmission.
A Member made a suggestion here as to the
opposition to the admission of Arkansas.
^ Mr. GROW, No, sir; Missouri is the ques-
tion. The gentlemen rest upon Missouri. Sho
had passed a law, prohibiting the immigration of
free blacks; and the ground of the resistance to
her adniission was, that she could not enact such
a restriction, and not that she tolerated slavery.
It was in that compromise that Mr. Clay figured
as the originator. He brought in a proposition
to harmonize that question, and it passed. But
there was no question raised, at that time, about
the line of 36° 30', nor at any other time, so far
as the Louisiana purchase was concerned, tho
only territory to which that arrangement applied.
But when the Government acquired new terri-
tory, to which we were asked to apply that line,
we said " no." And why* Because, while you
would hem us in, in our territorial expansion,
by this line on.the south and the British posses-
sions on the north, you would be left almost in-
definite expansion on the south. "Would it then
have been fair for the North to have hemmed
herself in forever upon twelve and a half degrees
of latitude, over which to carry free labor and
free institutions; while leaving almost indefinite
expansion to the institutions of slavery ? Besides,
sir, wo had acquired free territory—territory in
which slavery was abolished by the jaws of Mex-
ico—and we were asked to make it, by act of
Congress, slave territory. To such a proposition
I answer the gentleman, in the language of Ken-
tucky's own illustrious statesman, " I will never
vote, and no human power will ever make me
vote, to carry slavery into territory now free."
That was the declaration of your own Clay, made
on the 6th of March, 1850. It was almost his
dying declaration, and it will live among the
proudest legacies that he has bequeathed to after
times. Sir, I stand with him in declaring that by
no act of mine shall slavery ever be carried into
any territory from which it is excluded by posi-
tive law.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. The gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will allow me to say,
that there is not a southern Representative on
this floor who will vote to carry slavery into a
Territory now free.
Mr. GROY/. But the proposition to extend
the Missouri compromise line through the acqui-
sition of Mexican territory was in fact the same
thing. It was saying, by legislative act of this
Republic, that slavery might exist in that Territo-
ry, notwithstanding the laws of Mexico prohibited
it. We were asked to strike off all restrictions
by a positive legislative act. If slavery had then
gone into that Territory, it would have been the
act of this Government, as in the case of Kansas.
If slavery plant itself there, who is responsible
for it? The men who struck down that restric-
tion; for, with the Missouri compromise in force,
slavery could never have gone there. If there it
goes during its territorial existence, while under
the jurisdiction of Congress, it is just the same
m elFoct as if earned there by your votes, for you
permit to be done what you have the power to
prevent.
Mr. SAVAGE. Mr. Clerk, I had hoped to
pass through our embarrassment m electing a
Speaker, without, in any degree, occupying the
time and attention of the House upon any of the
questions which will agitato the country during
the present year. I am not in the habit of giving
reasons for my vote; I acknowledge no respons-
ibility except to my own constituents; but tho
course of the gentleman from Indiana, (Mr. Col-
fax,] in stating to the House that i had voted for
the plurality rule six years ago, may justify me
in stating why I, at present, pursue a different
course. 1 did not offer the plurality rule then, but
what I offered was perhaps equivalent to it. I
most cheerfully voted for the resolution then of-
fered by my colleague, [Hon. F. P. Stanton,] for
the reason that I believed, under it, the honorable
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] would be
