1868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*.
August 1,
have been admitted to my seat as the Delegate
from Kansas, the House is bound so to recog-
nize me, until it is shown to possess the consti-
tutional and legal power to do otherwise. Be it
observed that there is nobody here occupying,
under the law regulating contested elections, the
position of contestant, for to do that the person
so claiming, must have been my competitor. As
it is conceded that I had no competitor, how are
we to consider Governor Reed.er in any other
light than as a volunteer, claiming merely as a
citizen to challenge my right to the seat, but not
setting up any for himself? So the law considers
him; for, I repeat, that to make him a contestant
he must have been a candidate, and if not a candi-
date, and therefore not a contestant, the House
has no legal power to investigate any inquiry in
relation to the election at which I was elected,
unless it be to inquire, by-going behind my cer-
tificate of election, and the act of administering
the oath to me here, whether or not I have been
guilty of such acts as would subject me to expul-
sion;—for you cannot look at this question in
the light of the Constitution and the law without
seeing that your power in the matter is thus
limitedboth by the law and the Constitution.
I know that there are those who desire to
break over all these barriers, and recklessly to
assail all the well-guarded principles which pro-
tect the right of representation, and that for the
mere purpose of temporary party triumph; but
I hope for the country, for the House itself, and
for the public peace, that none of this class of
men have found their way into this Hall. I fear,
however, that this hope is destined to disappoint-
ment, when I look upon what has transpired
since the opening of this session, and what is yet
going on here.
Notwithstanding, as I have said, I had no
competitor, and therefore there was nobody to
whom my place could be given in the event of
my rejection, yet the House deemed it right,
some time ago, to appoint a committee, and send
it to Kansas to institute certain inquiries in rela-
tion to the condition of affairs there. The com-
mittee, it must be conceded, was not rendered
necessary by any question growing out of my
right to my seat as Delegate, nor was it appointed
for the purpose of settling that right. Its object
was political, as I shall have occasion presently
to show, and as an examination of its volumin-
ous repoitwill convince all impartial minds. In-
deed, it is not likely to be examined for any
other than political purposes—to subserve the
uses of a party whose cherished object has
been, since this committee was raised, more dis-
tinctly exhibited in forcing upon the country a
sectional contest for the Presidency. To exam-
ine this carefully is a work requiring much time
and great labor. The mere cursory reading
would itself, perhaps, require more time than any
member of this House, who has not abandoned
all other duties, could give to it. The printed
document was put into my hands early last week.
It so happened that I had attended taking this
testimony in part, and my friends and counsel
attended it in part, when in Kansas; but out of tlte
Territory testimony has been taken nf which I had
no knowledge, and no opportunity either to object
to the competency of the witnesses, or to cross-
examine liiem, or even to know what they tes-
tified. In ihe same way, much documentary evi-
dence has been filed, of which 1 had no notice or
knowledge, and which may, in some aspects of
this case, have weight on the minds of some of
the members of this House. This will show sat-
isfactorily that the gentlemen who prepared this
report considered themselves as having certain
political purposes to subserve.
Now, sir, with all respect to this House, it is
my duty to my constituents and to myself, to
disclose to the world that under the circumstances
in which the hearing of this case is hurried to a
decision, I feel deprived, of a fair hearing on my
rights, of a fair opportunity to test the preten-
sions of my adversary, and to examine the great
questions involved in this issue. From this vast
repository of depositions and documents, mate-
rials will be drawn to assail me and my constit- !
uents, and no opportunity can be afforded to ;
examine into the accuracy of the statements, to \
present and compare the counter-testimony, or to !
show the contradictions of the witnesses, and the ■
worthlessnesss of their testimony. It cannot, ;
therefore, be expected of me in this discussion,
that I should come armed at all points to take
issue, and answer every charge of every descrip-
tion against my constituents, or the constituents
of these members of Missouri, which are found
scattered through the eleven hundred and eighty-
seven pages of printed matter sent in by this in-
vestigating committee.
I shall proceed to consider the questions which
I think are presented by this report, in the mode
which I believe best adapted to present the in-
justice of the action against me, and shall not
permit myself to be diverted from this object and
drawn into secondary discussions of particular
mattfl-s, by any querulous misrepresentation of
the action of any individuals among my constit-
uents, which may be dragged up from the vague
rumors testified to, and called evidence in these
documents. But I feel perfectly competent to
unmask this whole transaction without entering
into tedious detail, and to that task I shall now
address myself. I will not detain the House by
reading the resolutions under which this com-
mittee was appointed, for the whole country is
familiar with them. It is only necessary for me
to state that they embrace several distinct propo-
sitions.
1. The committee are directed to inquire into
and collect evidence in regard to the troubles in
Kansas generally.
2. And particularly in regard to any fraud or
force attempted or practiced m reference to any
of the elections which have taken place in said
Territory, under the law organizing the said
Territory, or under any pretended law which
may be said to have taken effect therein since.
3. That they shall fully investigate and take proof
of all violent and tumultuous proceedings in said
Territory, at any time since the passage of the
Kansas and Nebraska act, whether engaged in
by residents of said Territory, or by any poison
or person* from elsewhere going into said Terri-
tory, and doing, or encouraging others to do, any
act of violence, or public disturbance against the
laws of the United States, or the rights, peace, and
safety, of ihe residents of the said Territory; and
the committee are empowered to send for persons
and papers.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have a right,on my own
behalf, and on behalf of my constituents, to com-
plain of this resolution. Thepower of this House
to judge of the elections and returns of its mem-
bers, is a judicial power, to be exercised according
to law. 'i'he rules of proceeding in election causes
are well ascertained. The illegal votes.should be
specified, so that the sitting member may have
his opportunity to sustain them. Every objec-
tion to his election should be specified, so that it
may be distinctly met and inquired into. The
inquiry should be limited to the case itself. The
general conduct of parties not connected with the
election, and the inquiry into matters and things
alleged lo be lawless, but which can have no con-
nection with the election, or affect its results, are
not the proper subjects of inquiry; because, by no
sound ideas, cither of justice or logic, can things
unconnected with the election be made to bear
on its decision. But, sir, in mere justice to my-
self and my constituents, I must say, and I desire
to say it with all proper respect to this House, that
in my poor judgment, every rule of justice and
propriety has m my case been violated. This
was a committee of investigation in the Kansas
election case, of the respective rights of myself
and the contestant toa seat. The committee went
to Kansas; collected there and elsewhere such
testimony as they chose; returned their report,
and as soon as they reported, and the report is
printed, movements are made to bring in the de-
cision of this case. I am, therefore, justified m
considering this as a committee m tills election
case, for, by the matter collected by this committee,
it is sought to decide the right to the seat I oc-
eupy—whether designedly or not. I hope it was
the latter. Regarding them as resolutions in this
election case, they do me great injustice.
Tile committee are first to collect evidence in
regard to the troubles in Kansas generally. Sir,
ought inquiries into troubles in Kansas generally
to affect my particular right to this seat ? Ought
an inquiry into troubles m New York generally,
or Pennsylvania or Ohio generally, to affect tie |
rights of members of Congress from those States I
to their seats ? Such a rule for deciding the rights '
of members in contested elections is so vague
and loose, so wholly unconnected with the rights
of the sitting members, that it cannot be adopted
as a precedent without danger of introducing a
great irresponsible discretion, which, in party
times, may stifle in this House the voice of large
sections of this Union; and, if followed as a pre-
cedent in State elections, may be used by a dom-
inant faction, as such, to stifle the voice of their
opponents. I trust, sir, this general inquiry was
adopted for purposes of general information and
legislation; and to those who thus adopted it, I
appeal, to reject from this case all general results
deduced from this report, not bearing on my
rights.
2. But the committee are particularly to inquire
into any fraud or force attempted or practiced
in reference to any of the elections which have
taken place in said Territory, &c.
Sir, this is the only resolution which even
squints at my election, and it only squints at it.
It gives no direction to investigate the validity
or fairness of the election under which I claim
my seat. It directs no regular inquiry into the
validity of the previous election of the first Legis-
lature. It simply directs the inquiry into any
fraud or force in reference to these elections.
Now, sir, it is obvious that fraud or force may
exist in reference to an election which may fail in
its effects, or have only a partial effect, and the
election may, notwithstanding, be valid. The
committee are not directed to inquire into the
whole of any election and report the evidence
which would show whether the election was
valid, but are merely directed to inquire into and
collect evidence of any fraud or force in reference
to these elections. It is obvious, sir, that this
resolution may well be executed by the commit-
tee "without any inquiry into the validity of any
of these elections, merely by taking evidence of
any fraud or force suggested to them which may
have reference to the election, but which may
have had no serious influence on it; and I think
an examination of the papers will show that the
committee have thus executed the resolution.
Third. The committee was directed fully to
investigate and take proof of all riotous and tumul-
tuous proceedings in said Territory at any time
since the Kansas-Nebraska bill; whether engaged
m by residents in said Territory, or by any per-
son or persons from elsewhere going into said
Territory, or encouraging others to do any act of
violence or public disturbance against the laws of
the United States, or the right, peace, and safety
of the residents of said Territory.
Now, sir, this duty of the committee has no
connection whatsoever with the investigation of
the validity of my election. The House directs the
committee to go into Kansas with a drag-net, and
fish up all testimony they can find of any acts of
riot or tumult, from the passage of the act to the
present day, whether sucii acts be committed by
residents or strangers; and all encouragements of
acts of violence and disturbance; to gather up all
the evidence of offensive conduct that scandal-
mongers may choose to detail, and throw the
reeking mass, thus fished up, before this House—
] and for-what purpose? Can it be said, with any
: show of reason, law. or justice, that lam respons-
ible, civilly or criminally, for all and every act of
violence committed in Kansas? Can it be said the
validity of my election is affected by unjust con-
duct, in no way connected with that election, and
especially 1A' acts of riot and tumult which have
occurred since that election, and grown out of
other causes? Why, then, is this whole mass
thrown into the House, and the decision of the
| case immediately hurried on? It is not for me to
I speak of the motives and purposes of the members
of this House, either singly or collectively, and
shall not do so; but I have the right to speak of
the effects of their acts—and this I shall do. The
; effect of this course is, that whatever of offense
j or prejudice may be found in the matter collected
, by this committee is made to bear on the decision
of my rights, and, under the color of this preju-
dice, I am to be expelled from my seat; and this
mass of eleven hundred and eighty-seven pages
j of matter is. to form a reservoir from which any
j scribbler who chooses to slander and defame my
j constituents may draw material for this purpose.
I Sir, these resolutions operate as instructions to
I the committee in taking the testimony and con-
i ducting the investigation of this election. And I
