25ft
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
sustain the position which I have taken in relation
to him as aman. I alluded to his publications m
the papers in regard to Commodore Hull, to his
subsequent conduct, to his reprimand by the Sec-
retaryof the Navy, to the whole history of his
transactions in the Mediterranean, and to the sub-
sequent order returning him to the ship. I will
read on some future occasion the reply of Com-
modore Hull to the last letter of the Secretary of
the Navy, and the public shall judge of the whole
case when they hear the analysis which Commo-
dore Hull gives of the letter of the Secretary of
the Navy restoring these gentlemen to favor. I
had intended to read it to-day, but fortune has
reserved it for an occasion when it will not be less
telling than it would have been to-day.
I have no disposition to occupy the time of the
Senate; but when I obtain, in a published form,
the remarks of the gentlemen who have spoken
indefense of Captain Du Pont, 1 shall collate and
compare them, treating them with all possible re-
spect, without, I trust, an unkind emotion in my
heart towards them, or towards any virtue which
Captain Du Pont may have. I shall only ani-
madvert on such acts of his as are legitimate sub-
jects of speculation, of inference, of deduction—
nothing else.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator may
sleep on my remarks, and answer them when he
pleases. They have been made without prepa-
ration, and I shall not look at them until they
appear in print.
Mr. MALLORY. As the Senate is thin, I
should be very glad to pass over this subject; but
I think it is better to conclude it to-night, and I
shall therefore trouble the Senate with a few
words. The closing remarks of the honorable
Senator from Texas are not leas extraordinary
than those with which he has indulged the Senate
throughout his discourse. His declaration that
he has not referred to anything but official records
must strike the Senate with astonishment. The
fact is, that he has brought forward, and made
use of, a private letter. Is that an official docu-
ment?
Mr. HOUSTON. For all that was alleged
against Mr. DuPont I relied on official documents.
For the remarks which I made in reference to the
board I relied on official facts. The private letter
was no accusation against him; and it was not
arraigning his conduct as an officer. The arraign-
ment lies entirely in the official documents.
Mr. MALLORY. The private character of
Captain Du Pont, and of every member of the
board, has been invoked here. For what pur-
pose ? To show that their finding was unreliable ?
To show that the character of the men themselves
unfitted them for the high trust which was reposed
in them ? If that is not the purpose with which
the innuendoes of the Senator have been thrown
out here, I should like to know what the purpose
is? As the Senator says that he only alluded to
official documents and records, I should like to
know whether the, declaration made by him in
regard to Captain Skinner, and the Navy Register
which he found, was based on public documents ?
If so, where are they? What is the declaration
of Captain Skinner worth, when seen in its true
light, even supposing it to be precisely as the
honorable Senator from Texas states it? He
found five commanders and lieutenants looking
over a Navy Register on which thirty-five cap-
tains were marked. Admit it—and wliat does it
• prove ? Upon neither of these captains had those
men any right to sit in judgment and pass an
opinion.
Mr. HOUSTON. But they did pass upon
them.
Mr. MALLORY. They never did and never
could; for, as they were lieutenants, and not
captains, they had no voice in the matter. The
honorable Senator from Texas is mistaken in
supposing that, either in refere'nee to midship-
men, masters, lieutenants, or commanders, any
man was retired by the vote of his peers alone.
Such is not the fact; and if five lieutenants were
found engaged in lookingover aRegister in which
captains were marked, it was not remarkable; for
upon a subject like this, I imagine that every
member of the corps had his Register marked with
a view te show who he thought ought to be retired.
In my own case, with my limited knowledge of
the service, of one hundred men whom I had
marked the year before, ninety-nine were retired
or dropped. That is my own experience; and I
have no doubt every man in the service, who had
any information on the subject, made use of that
information for his own satisfaction.
For days past, I have heard that the action of
the naval board, and the principles of its conduct,
would be inquired into. That rumor has been
|1 sustained by the frequent calls for information
j which have been made at the suggestion of the
honorable Senator; but I did_not suppose that we
should be indulged with such an exhibition as
we have had here to-day. I did not suppose that,
reversing all the received opinions in all the courts
of Christendom, private and individual acts Were
to be used to characterize a man's life, or that we
were to suffer a man's character to be judged by
individual acts, instead of showing his general
standing, and to infer from that the nature of
particular acts.. On this occasion, the principles
laid down in the courts of law have been reversed.
I did not suppose that a drag net was to be thrown
over the last fifteen or sixteen years, and one act
of a man's life, official or private, drawn in ques-
tion, to sustain the innuendoes cast upon the naval
board. I did not suppose—heaven forbid—that
this forum, distinguished as it is, should ever be
turned into an arena for the attack and defense
of private character. Engaged, as we ought to
be, in the discussion of questions of high national
importance, when all Christendom are looking to
us with interest, what do they find us doing?
Indulging in debates upon charges the most unten-
able that could be framed out of the ingenuity,
of the honorable Senator from Texas, even if he
had been engaged in no other work since he first
took his seat on this floor. I pronounce them
perfectly untenable; and I repeat now, what I
nave said often before, that, in regard to Captain
Du Pont and every other member of the board, I
challenge the ingenuity of the Senator from Texas
to produce a single act of theirs, which is not
perfectly consistent with the honor and integrity
of a gentleman.
Perhaps the letter on which the honorable Sen-
ator commented, and in which the word " sex"
is interpolated—clearly interpolated—is consid-
ered a public document also ! Why, sir, the doc-
ument on the record of the Navy Department has
no such word, and yet it is put in here.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will per-
mit me I will correct him, and the correction will
apply also to the gentleman from Delaware. That
word is not interpolated by me. It shall be placed
: in brackets in my remarks, so that it shall not be
Fublished as a veritable copy of the letter. 1 think
shall be able to establish it to be so; but the
: word shall be marked in brackets, and the sense
of the passage will then be made perfect; and the
reasons will h.e given when I reply to the gentle-
man.
Mr. MALLORY. I need not repeat, sir, what
the honorable Senator from Delaware has so well
said before me in regard to the object for which
the word " sex" was inserted here; I will only
say that that word has nothing to do with the
letter. Furthermore, to show that fact, I will
state that Mr. Paulding, in his letter of apology,
says most distinctly that he has examined every
representation which Commodore Hull had made
since he left the United States, every word and
letter written by him, and he says that he has no
occasion whatever to find fault with those gentle-
men; but that on a reexamination, a candid ex-
amination, he relieves them from all imputation
whatever.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; he did not relieve
them from the charge of having violated the reg-
ulations of the Navy by publishing certain cor-
respondence. He says " all," but he could not
have meant that charge, because his own veracity
would have been impugned by that admission.
Mr. MALLORY. In reply to that I will read
his letter, in which his words were as follows:
"These allegations, together with some passages in the
dispatches referring to the motives which influenced you
in sending them home, induced the Department carefully
to examine and collate all thecommunications received from
you since your departure from the United States."
That is the language of Secretary Paulding; and
on that examination of the language of all the
dispatches he does exonerate them; and whoever
will examine Commodore Hull's dispatches, will
find no reference to " sex" in them.
Now, Mr. President, the honorable Senator
from Texas says he arraigns no man. He says
he does not bring the word " sex" here to make
capital out of it. That was his expression. He
did not say that he did not rely on it, as my friend
from Delaware supposes; but he said that he did
not bring it here to make capital out of it. Why-
does he bring here an inofficial word for which
he has no authority but the private clerk of Com-
modore Hull, who says, as I understand, that he
has a copy now in his possession, the original
being in the Department ?
In reference to the board, the Senator from
Texas makes use of the words, "packed con-
spirators," " Mr. Du Pont is no better than he
should be," " the board had relatives to be bene-
fitted by their action," " the reporting of Strib-
ling cost a gallant captain his epaulets." These
terms may not imply an attack; they may not
arraign the motives of any one; they may not be
designed to place these gentlemen in an odious
light before the American people, and to show
that they are not entitled to their confidence; but I
imagine that, ingenious as the Senator from Texas
is, it will take more than his ingenuity to con-
vince the Senate that such would not be the effect
of these allegations upon unprejudiced minds if
they were not contradicted. The Senator from
Delaware has alluded to their effect, and I need
not comment on the point.
Sir, I am not going into an examination of the
action of the naval board, or of the law, because
it has not been rendered necessary by anything
that has been said. When I saw the galleries
crowded to-day, I knew that the time had arrived
for the exhibition which I had heard was to come
off; but I did suppose that we should be treated
to something of the. philosophy of the Taw, and
of the remedies sougnt by it, the condition of the
service, or at least of the modus operandi by which
the action of the board was carried out. I sup-
posed that we should have been informed as to
those subjects, and in relation to them I came
prepared to answer; but I came very badly pre-
pared to go into an examination of private char-
acter.
But, sir, the honorable Senator has confined
his remarks to gentlemen of the board who were
on the Ohio, and to Commodore Shubrick, who
was the president of the board. There are other
officers of the board to whom he has not alluded
—Commander Hunt and others. When Lieu-
tenants Du Pont, Pendergrast, Missroon, and
Godon left the United States in the Ohio, they
were entitled to a large, well-lighted, Airy ward-
room, in which were distinct state-rooms. There
was a courtesy, and more than a courtesy, a reg-
ulation, a universal usage in the service on that
subject. On this occasion, the condition of the
ship was such that they could not have the usual
accommodations. I will not state here the
reason; every Senator, I presume, kn6ws why
these officers were denied their ward-room; every
Senator knows why they were put down on the
orlop deck, entirely below the water-line of the
ship, and where a ray of light or a breath of air
never enters but through the wind-sails of the
ship. In that place not a single scrap of writing
could be performed; the purser could not keep
his accounts but by burning four candles in his
room at a time. They were put down below the
water-line, without air, without light, in a place
of eternal darkness. They remonstrated in re-
spectful terms, with which no fault could ever be
found, always protesting that they did it respect-
fully. This was the origin of the complaint.
Still they went to sea and did their duty; and,
notwithstanding all that has been said here, it
is upon the record, as a remarkable fact, that,
throughout the eighteen months they served on
board the ship, there was not one single com-
plaint of violation of duty, not one single sus-
pension of duty, not one allegation from any of
the superior officers of any neglect or non-per-
formance of duty; but on the contrary, the high-
est expression of satisfaction prevailed in regard
to the performance of their duty. That was the
condition of those officers. They did their duty
