•«8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
elected Speaker. I then voted for Mr. Cobb di-
rectly on the balloting, and indirectly by voting for
the plurality rule; and I would vote for that rule
to-day, if it would, in my opinion, elect the gen-
tleman from Georgia, or the gentleman from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Richardson.] I do not consider that
there is any moral principle or constitutional ques-
tion involved in the vote; and I know that some
of the gentlemen over the way, who now clamor
loudest for the rule, were then its most bitter oppo-
nents.
When I voted for Mr. Cobb by voting for the
plurality rule, I voted for a white man, who had
made up his opinion, and who believed himself,
and every man, woman, and child of the white
race in the United States, superior to the negro.
To vote for the plurality rule now would be
voting mdirectty for Mr. Banks; and that would
be to say, by mv vote, that every white man,
woman, and chifd in the United States were
equals with the negro. The negro may be the
equal of gentlemen who preach this doctrine;
and, if it suits their purposes, they may hug him
to their bosoms, and take him in their families
as such, but he is not my equal, nor do I con-
sider any white man my equal who thinks him-
self no Getter than a negro.
Gentlemen rely upon the language of the Decla-
ration of Independence to sustain their position;
but in all matters of doubt in the construction of
laws and the events of history, the practice and
understanding of those who lived and acted at
the time is the rule of interpretation. Our revo-
lution and declaration of freedom embraced only
the white race, it left the negro a slave, as it
found him; and these facts aie a full answer to
those gentlemen who have grown wiser than our
lathers, by declaring an equality of races. In
voting against the plurality rule now, I vote
against this odious doctrine, for it is the effect of
the position of Mr. Hanks and his followers.
lalso then voted for the Missouri compromise,
of which the gentlemen have spoken so much. I
think 1 must have voted for it near fifty times in
1850; yet 1 imagine no consideration could now
make me vote for it. I have always considered it
unconstitutional, and that a great wrong was in-
flicted upon the South in its original passage. I
doubt not but that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. (j now] is correct when he quotes some
expressions from southern men rejoicing over it.
They had an^ht to oongiatuhite themselves and
the country upon what seemed to be an escape
from a great and ruinous litigation between two
sections of the Union, which threatened to end
in a bloody war. Those parties to this litigation
had aright to waive their claims of constitutional
and legal rights, and "settle the matters m dis-
pute," not according to law, but by agreement.
Tliey didagroe; and although many of our lead-
ing men thought the South had suffered ^reat in-
justice, yet her politicians, always m good faith,
supported the principles of the Missouri com-
promise up to the passage of the eonipromi.se
bills of 18.30, which established a principle instead
of a geographical hne.
In tne South offered to extend thi s line to
the Pacific ocean, and only four norlluin men
could then be found m tins House to help her do
so. in when i had the honor of a seat
here, the South voted unanimously near fifty
times for the Missouri compromise line; while
not a half dozen men fiom the North could be
forced to vole for it; and I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] if it is not great
eflrontery in his party to send lum here with the
hypocritical allegation in his mouth, that they
have religiously kept their piomise. I have no
coniideneo m such religious professions; they are
intended to cover up deep fraud. These men
have never been for the Alissouri compromise
line; they have opposed it at all times. It now
suits their purposes to come here and howl over it,
to excite their constituents at home.
Air. MAXWELL. Mr. Cleric, there was a
view thrown out by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Guon,] 111 lelation to the contro-
versy of 18,j(), which i think docs injustice, not
only to Mr. Clay, who was eulogized and justly
eulogized by that gentleman, but also does in-
justice to Air. Pinckney, of South Carolina, and
other distinguished gentlemen from the South,
who voted for the adoption of the Missouri
restriction. He imputes to those gentlemen feel-
ings of triumph upon the part of the South at
th§. passage of that measure. He does this, I
will admit, with some plausibility*, on the idea
that he is sustained in the declaration made by
Mr. Clay in the Senate of the United States. I
tell the gentleman that that declaration is suscept-
ible of an explanation, which does not contradict
the idea that Mr. Clay, on the floor of Congress,
used his mighty eloquence against the restriction
ither on the State or on the Territories.
45ir, what was the triumph for which those
gentlemen took pride in having a part in that
day? It was not a triumph in having adopted
the Missouri restriction, but it was a triumph in
having defeated the attempt of northern men to
deprive Missouri, claiming to have sovereign
rights, of the privilege of adopting slavery into
her constitution. The struggle commenced on
the pait of the South in an effort to meet the
North in her design of exclusion of slavery from
the State of Missouri, notwithstanding the fact
that the people of Missouri had adopted a con-
stitution m which they were willing to take as a
part of their domestic policy this much-abused
institution of slavery. The controversy of that
day was against this effort to deny to Missouri the
privilege of keeping slaves in her territory if she
wished it. That was pressed with earnestness.
It was pressed with power. It was pressed, as
we are now pressed by northern Republicans, to
an extent which had roused the southern mind
to every energy which was necessary to meet the
great crisis. And how did they meet it ? They
met it by the triumph which saved Missouri; but
unfortunately they met it by a concession as to
the Territories then yet to be organized, which has
given us all the trouble there has been about this
slave question. There was the triumph in which
southern men prided themselves; that they had
saved the bright escutcheon of Missouri; that
they had saved to her the sovereignty which,
claiming to be the equal of the southern, north-
ern, eastern, or of any other States, she was fully
entitled to under the plain declarations of the
Constitution. It was something to triumph ovei;
and it was that which Mr. Pinckney alluded to
when he, at midnight, congratulated himself and
southern friends on the fact that a great triumph
had been achieved.
Now, sir, this view, too, will reconcile the
declaration of Mr. Clay with the facts of the case,
lie did, with all his eloquence, oppose the Mis-
souri restriction--not only the reduction on the
State but on the Territories; but finding himself
pressed to the wall to save Alissoun, whether he
\oted for it or not, he showed himself—at least
other southern men showed themselves, willing
to extend this hne to the Pacific ocean, or as far
as our territories then extended; and m this view
1 think that we have an explanation of these facts
which will give the gentleman from Pennsylvania
no advantage m claiming that southern men were
exceedingly anxious to adopt this Missouri re-
striction.
Mr. CADWALADER. I intend at a proper
time, to reply to the remarks of my colleague from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Gjiow,] by piesenting a
connected historical review of the legislation of
the United Status on the subject of slavery in the
Teuitones. Representing, as I do, a northern
constituency, true to the constitutional lights of
our slavehoklmg brethren, i cannot pass the
remarks of my colleague without notice. For
their refutation I desire only an opportunity to
set forth truthfully what has occurred in the polit-
ical history of our country, with very little inci-
dental explanation. I am now fully prepared
to proceed with this historical examination. In
order to present it intelligibly, I would, however,
require nearly half an hour; and, as the day is
already far advanced, I do not ask a suspension
of the ten-minute rule, but will postpone its pre-
sentment until a suitable period in the debates
which arc to follow the organization of the
House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Is the gentleman pre-
pared to go oil now?
Mi. CADWALADEIt. I am.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I move that the
gentleman be allowed to proceed.
Mr. TAYLOR took the floor.
Mr. CADWALADER. I have no wish to
claim the floor given by the consent of others,
which I do not invoke. Therefore, a part of my
time is at the service of the gentleman from Louis-
iana.
' Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman will proceed.
I will go on with my remarks when he has con-
cluded.
A Voice. "What is the question ?
The CLERK. The Question is on an amend-
ments the ten-minute rule, that debate be limited
to five minutes.
Mr. ED1E. I object to any member occupying
more than ten minutes in debate.
Mr. CADWALADER. I do not ask it, and
I do ndt understand that it is accorded to me. At
any time within the limit of a half hour I desire
to present, in answer to the suggestions of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and I hope in refu-
tation of the premises which he has eironeously
assumed as historical truths, a connected state-
ment of the legislation of the Congress of the
United States concerning slavery in the Terri-
tories. In doing so, I shall have need of no argu-
ment. Several of my friends understood this as
an implied request on my part for the time. I did
not mean to make it. I could not sit m my seat
and aUow to pass unnoticed the assumptions of
my colleague, who has most erroneously assumed
his opinions to be those of the great body of the
constitutional men of the North.
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Clerk, I am sorry that
this discussion has sprung up when, under the
rule limiting debate, we cannot do justice to the
facts which we can present. Still I cannot per-
mit the expressions which have fallen from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to pass unnoticed.
What he has assumed is an entire perversion of
history. What was this Missouri compromise,
of which the gentleman speaks? The gentleman
forgets its history. This pretended compiomise
was a simple act of the National Legislature,
standing upon our statute-book; and the circum-
stances connected with the adoption of that act,
and of the admission of Missouri into the Union,
show that his assumption is a perversion of
language and of facts.
Mr. Clerk, when the people occupying the then
Territory of Missouri had increased in numbers
so that they were entitled to apply for admission
into the Union, the Congress of the United States
proceeded to take the action necessary to enable
that people to frame a constitution for their gov-
ernment when the Territory became a State.
When the matter was agitated in the House of
Representatives, instead of according to them the
liberty of choosing for themselves their own in-
stitutions, opposition was made to it by the north-
em members of the House, and, by their votes,
the right was denied them. Instead of extending
to them that Republican, that Democratic light,
the benefit of that principle which is the basis of
all republican institutions, the House of Repre-
sentatives adopted an act providing for tins organ-
ization of a government prohibiting slavery
within the limits of the Territory of Missouri.
That act went to the Senate of the United States,
and there it m H with opposition. It could not
have passed the Senate,because, though the south-
ern States were in an inferiority of numbers m
the House of Representatives, they stood equal
to the northern States in the Senate. And then,
a gentleman from one of the States of the North,
Mr. Thomas, of Illinois, proposed to get rid of
the difficulty, and to permit the people of Mis-
souri to meet m convention and adopt such insti-
tutions as they saw fit, on the condition that sla-
very should be excluded from the territory beyond
the limits of the contemplated State, north of 36°
30'. That proposition was acted on in the Senate
of the United States; it passed, and was sent back
to the lower House; it received the sanction of
the lower House, and became an act of the Na-
tional Legislature; and what was the result? Is
this the act which the gentleman says was a com-
promise? A compromise binds all the parties to
it. But what was the fact in this instance? The
people of Missouri elected delegates who met in
convention, and framed a constitution, and m that
constitution, exercising their inalienable rights,
they sanctioned the institution of slavery, and
made it permanent.
Wiien that constitution was brought into this
Hall, and submitted to the consideiaiion of the
National Legislature, how was this "compro-
mise^'-— as the gentleman is pleased to call the
act in question—regarded? In this Hall, the
