1
THE ■ GO:NGRESSIOi^AL GLOBE:
representatives of the people of the. whole united
North rejected that Constitution, and denied the
right which had been accorded to the people of
Missouri under the provisions of what this gen-
tleman calls a <e sacred compromise," And they
did it upon the very ground that the people of
the Territory, acting within the limits of the
permission given to them by that act of Congress,
had seen fit to permit the institution of slavery
to exist amongst them.
If.the act which the gentleman insists was a
"compromise" was so, was it not binding on
the North as well as the South? Had the North
such superior rights in this Confederacy that
they were at liberty to disregard it on their part,
and still leave it operative and "binding on the^
South? In transactions between men, if one vi'nj&
late a compromise deliberately entered into with
his neighbor, by denying to him what the com-
promise granted him, the compromise itself is at
an end, and he has no longer any right to expect
anything under it from his neighbor. And is it
not so among States and nations? But let me go
on.
This violation of an act of Congress, upon the
faith of which the people of Missouri had acted,
by Representatives of the North, kindled a flame
in the South, and this Union became the scene of
one tremendous agitation. All the elements of
popular feeling were aroused and set in motion.
The North was arrayed against the South; the
.South, deprived of her rights, rose as one man;
and it terminated in a conflict of so serious a
character that the fell spirit of discord menaced
the Union, and those who had been parties to the
wrong shrunk back aghast from the evil spirit
which they had evoked. Then it was that that
man who, I trust, will ever live in the affections
of the American people—that man whose name
has been desecrated by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, when he mentioned it in the spirit in
which he spoke—came forward and threw oil
upon the troubled waves of political agitation.
The lust of political power, which had impelled
the North in perpetrating the wrong complained
of, gave place to the spirit of conciliation; the
difficulty was composed. And how? After the
terms of what the gentleman calls the compro-
mise had been violated by the North—after the
legal provisions enacted by all the legislative de-
partments of this Government had been trampled
under foot—the North stopped short; she feared
to carry out the wrong which she had begun, and
then the whole contest terminated by Mr. Clay's
proposing—what* The true ''compromise."
And that was nothing more than a tub to the
whale.
In the constitution adopted by the people of
Missouri there was, besides the provision recog-
nizing slavery, another in which the cntrv of
free negroes into the State was prohibited. rFhis
was objected to; and the proposition of Mr. Clay,
which had the effect when adopted, was to the
effect that this particular feature in that consti-
tution should be understood in such a manner as
not to impair any of the constitutional rights of
any class of persons. The proposition of Mr.
Clay simply went to this extent, and no more;
and thus, ii' there was any " compromise" which
was in forcc after the termination of the Mis-
souri contest, it was one operating on the free
negroes living out of that State, and who might
desire to go into it, and not on any territory be-
yond the limits of the State.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will not, at this late
hour of the day, take up the time of the House
by saying anything I offer a proposition, which
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] agrees
to accept in lieu of his proposition, and I call for
the previous question upon it.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolve/I, That, until a Speaker shall have been elected,
no debate on any subject 01 under the torni ot' personal ex-
planation shall be nioidet, but any member attempting to
speak shall be held to be out of order, unless unanimous
consent ot the lloi^e shall first have been had, upon tiie
question bom<? submitted by ilie Clerk.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to lay the whole
matter on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman from North Carolina will withdraw the
call for the previous question for a moment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will withdiaw itformy
friend from Tennessee.
Mr. JONES. I merely wish to express the
hope that the House will adopt the resolution;
and, after we have adopted it, let us adjtfurn and
come back here on Monday and try and execute
it for a few days, and see if we can effect any
result by it.
Mr. HOUSTON". If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will withdraw his demand for the previous
-question, I desire to say a word in correction of
the fact stated by the gentleman from Indiana
this morning.
The CLERK. The previous question is de-
manded, and therefore debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the demand
for the previous question has been withdrawn.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Alabama
is still out of order, as the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] has moved to lay the reso-
lution upon the table, and debate is not in order
011 such a motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw his motion.
Mr; LETCHER. I withdraw it, provided the
gentleman will renew it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will renew it. The gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] this morn-
ing stated, that the contcst in 1849 was precisely
the same as the contest here; and he saw lit to
read from the speech of Governor Brown, of
Mississippi, made during that contest, to prove
the fact which he asserted. I regret that the
gentleman was so limited in his reading of that
speech; for if he had done himself as well as the
House the justice to read the balance of Gov-
ernor Brown's speech, he would have found that
he totally misapprehended the point presented by
that gentleman. When Governor "Brown offered
that resolution, the contest was between the Whig
and the Democratic parties,and that, as between
those parties, he contended that the Democrats
had the majority, and therefore ought to have
the Speaker, It was not a contest as to which
had a majority of the whole House; that was not
the point.
Mr. COLFAX. I said that very thing. I re-
marked that he spoke of the majority as between
the contend ins: parties.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman admits
that, then there is no force whatever in his argu-
ment, because Governor Urown expressly states
that, as the Democratic party had a majority over
the Whig paity, it was entitled to the Speaker.
Mr. COLFAX. Precisely; and I say here that
the Republican party, having a majority over the
Democratic party, arc entitled to the Speaker of
this House.
Mr. HOUSTON. The cases arc by no means
analogous, for though Governor Brown stated
that the Democratic party had a majority over
the Whig party, yet ho said when the Free-Soil
party came in, neither party had a majority. That
is the truth of the case; and if the gentleman from
Indiana had seen fit to examine the votes which
were taken during that contest, he would have
found the fact to appear that neither party had a
majority. The Democratic party had a majority
of one or two over the Whig party. The gentle-
man from Indiana must have known that neither
party had a majority, when taking into consid-
eration the fact that the Free-Soilers—some of
whom previously had been Democrats, but in
1848 abandoned that party organization—acted
by themselves.
Mr. COLFAX. I stated the facts precisely
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman says he
stated precisely the facts which I now state.
Then 1 would like to know the point of his
speech. The House was then divided into three
parties—the Whigs, Democrats, and Free-Soilers
■—neither having a majority of the whole House.
Now the House is divided into three parties, but
the party of which the gentleman from Indiana is
a member has a majority over the other two, as
shown by the "debates on yesterday, as well as
by the voting which has been had.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to state to the gentle-
man from Alabama that the last vote taken for
Speaker by this House would have elected either
Mr. Richardson on,Mr. Fuller, if the friends
of those gentlemen had been united.
Mr. HOUSTON. And the last vote would
have elected Mr. Banks, if his friends and the
friends of Mr. Fuller had united. The gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Howard] is full a half
century behind the age, The case put by .Kim*
presupposes the fusion of the Democratic and
Know Nothing parties, which- is not the point
under examination. In 1849 the Free-Soilers
could have united and made- an election at -any
time. The opposite parties here-are not pro-
posing to unite; the difficulty now is, that the-
Republiean party cannot unite its owftmembers.
If they could, they could elect, as is shown by-
nine tenths, if not nineteen twentieths, of the
votes which have been taken during the session.
In 1849 it was not so. The Whig party could
not elect—the Democratic party could not elcct,
because of the Free-Soil Whigs and Democrats
who had left their respective parties, and were
acting independently. Neither party had a ma-
jority of the whole. That is not the case now,
as 1 have already shown. It is not expected that
parties acting in opposition to each other, as the
Republicans and Know Nothings, the Republic-
ans and Democrats, the Democrats and Know
Nothings, will themselves combine and destroy
the organization of the one or the other for the
purpose of an election. Such a thing might take
place; but it is not usually to be expected.
Mr. ORR. I wish to correct the statement of
the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.]
On the vote to which he referred, Mr. Richard-
son received 69 votes, and Mr. Fuller 31 votes,
making 100; necessary to a choice, 102. So the
gentleman's statement is erroneous.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me explain. Messrs.
Richardson and Fuller received 100 votes.
Mr. Richardson voted for Mr. Shorter. If
Mr. Fuller had withheld his vote, 101 would
have been sufficient to elect, the precise number
received by Messrs. Richardson, Fuller, and
Shorter. [Laughter.]
M r. HOUSTON. That shows the importance
of gentlemen looking properly into the facts be-
fore they propose to state them to the House. I
had not looked at the vote, and, of course, I was
not prepared to answer him.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) I rise to
a point of order. I believe the previous question
was moved, and I do not understand that it has
been withdrawn.
The Of,ERIC. It has been withdrawn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not speak in opposi-
tion to the wishes of gentlemen.
I say to the gentleman from Indiana, if he had
read through a few other of the speeches delivered
upon Governor Brown's resolution, he wotUd
have found, from the statements made on ail sides,
that neither paity,in truth, had a majority in
Congress in 1849.
Mr. COLFAX. I could have read from several
of those speeches, if the gentleman from Missis-
sippi had not consumed some three minutes of
my time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, my friend was, at
least, unfortunate in leaving out the precise para-
graphs omitted by him, if his desire was to pre-
sent the true point, and to present the facts on
both sides.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now insist upon the
previous question; and I hope we shall get a
direct vote upon the resolution.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Letcher] moves to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That was with-
drawn.
Mr. ORR. I hope the gentleman from North
Carolina will withdraw his resolution, and let us
take a ballot.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As soon as it is adopted
we can get a ballot.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman cannot get a ballot
for some time if he persist in his resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do persist in it, never-
theless.
Mr. ORR. Then I move to lay it on the table;
and on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SNEED. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
not agreed to.
The yeas and nays were ordered, thirty-seven
members rising in then* seats.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from North Carolina to limit the oper-
ation of his resolution to the next week.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will do so. [To the
