1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1869
am bound to ask, if these instructions are to be
drawn into precedent in conducting elections in
Congress and in the State Legislatures, how long
anyone of our governments may resist the power
of faction? Let us look at it.
In a contested election, the right of a majority
of the constituents to be represented by the man
of their choice is to be decided; and this is to be
decided by inquiring who voted at the election,
and-whether they had the right to vote? To con-
duct this inquiry fairly, the contestant is required
to furnish a list of the voters to whom he objects,
that the returned member may show that the
votes are valid. Jf other objections exist, the
contestant is required to furnish the objections,
that they may be inquired into. But in this elec-
tion, all these rules of inquiry are prostrated, and
the resolutions adopted by this House instruct
the committee to take testimony on three points,
and three points only.
1. To inquire into and collect testimony in re-
gard to the troubles in Kansas generally;
2. As to any fraud or force in reference to any
elections held in Kansas; and
3. To inquire into and take proof in regard to
all riotous and tumultuous proceedings and insti-
gations? to breach of the laws in Kansas since the
passage of the Kansas act.
Now, sir, the very thing which in fairness and
justice should have been done is either entirely
omitted, or so loosely and vaguely suggested, as
not to enforce Us performance on the committee.
But the committee is prominently and gravely
directed to perform the other duties mentioned.
Now, sir, I repeat, what government could stand
the assaults of faction, if this precedent is to
prevail in their contested elections? Take, for
example, New York, or Pennsylvania, or Mas-
sachusetts. Prom the days of Shay's insurrec-
tion to the present day, each of these States
have had their troubles. Sometimes a whisky
insurrection, or an anti-rent insurrection, or a
railroad mob, or a city mob. Acts of riots and
tumults have occurred, any one of which would
be m magnitude and violence more than equal
to all the lawless mobs which have existed m
Kansas since the organization of the Territory.
Avid these things may occur again. Angry party
strife, and new and now unknown issues, and
for objects now unforeseen, may arise. In such
shape, faction may, for its own purpose, desire
to violate the elective franchise. To do this, what
precedent more apposite than the instructions
contained in these resolutions. Send a committee,
charged, first, to inquire into and collect evidence
of dil the troubles in the States; second, particu-
larly to inquire into any force or fraud in refer-
ence to any election held in the State; and third,
to inquire into any riots or tumults, by residents
or strangers, and any incitements to violate the
laws and the rights of the citizons, and omit all
inquiry into the validity of the election by which
the member claimed under the law to hold his
seat, and this precedent will be faithfully followed.
The government in which this is allowed may
stand, but it will be by repudiating your prece-
dent, and turning from it in disgust.
Thus much, sir, I have felt constrained to say
on the resolutions under which the committee of
investigation acted, and I will now proceed to
show how these resolutions are carried into prac-
tice by this committee. Of the members of this
committee personally I have nothing to say, and
I shall not speak of their motives; but with their
acts and transactions, as a committee of this
House, I have much to do; and of those acts,
and of the political principles involved, I shall
speak freely.
As I have already said, the Territory of Kan-
sas was established by a valid and constitutional
law of Congress. This I believe no man on this
floor questions. But the passage of that law
brought with it much high political excitement.
Yet when this House and its members are to act
judicially on any question of elections, all will
admit this political excitement ought to be
eschewed, and the investigation and judgment
ought to be, on the very truth and right of the
case, exempt from party bias. If it be clear
that the investigation has, through the infirmity
of uny charged with it, become partisan in its
character, such partisan investigation should not
receive the approbation of this House. And I
have the right, here in my place, to show to this
House that this investigation, and the material
collected in it, is partisan in its character, does
not present the case impartially, and ought not
to receivethe approbation of this House. This
investigation should have been ordered and con-
ducted to ascertain the legality and validity of
rights claimed under a constitutional law of Con-
gress. Was it so considered? I begin this in-
vestigation by an appeal to the first paragraph,
in wmch this committee gives its view of the his-
tory of this transaction. They say:
" Your committee feel it their duty to state, as briefly as
possible, the principal facts proven before them. When
the act to organize the Territory of Kansas was passed, on
the 30th of May, 1834, the greater portion of us eastern
border was included m Indian reservations not open for
settlement; and there were but lew white settlers in any
portion of the Territory."
I remark, in passing, that this fact is so, and
has a significant bearing on matters hereafter to
be noticed in this case.
« Its Indian population was rapidly decreasing. Many
emigrants fiom different pans of the country were anxiously
waiting the extinction ot the Indian title, and the establish-
ment of a territorial government, to seek new homes on
its ferule prairies.'1
I again remark, this statement of the commit-
tee shows the wish of settlers that this Territory
should be opened up for settlement, and justifies
the action of Congress in passing a law to estab-
lish a territorial government. But where were
these persons who were anxiously waiting to
seek new homes in Kansas? Clearly in Mis-
souri and other States adjacent to Kansas. Not
in Massachusetts, or the northern Atlantic Stales,
for they knew nothing of Kansas, and those who
wished to emigrate west were looking to other
States. But it is in the next sentences the com-
mittee express the views which seem to have
governed all their action in this investigation.
They say:
" It cannot be doubted, that if its condition as a free State
had been left undisturbed by Congress, its settlement would
have been rapid, peaceful, and piosperous. Its climate, its
soil, and it«* ea«.y access to the older "settlement?, would
have made it the favored course for the tide of emigration
flowing to the \Ve*-t, and by this time irv>ould have been
admitted into tlie I'mon us a !rce State, without the loa^t
sectional excitement. If ;>o otg.iniz.ed. none but the kindest
and best feelings could have exit-ted between its citizens
and those of the adjoining Suite. Then mutual interest
and intercourse, instead of as now end.mgeimg the harmony
of the Union, would have strengthened the ties of national
brotherhood. The testimony clearly s/iota, that hefoie the
Imposition to rejieal the Missouri tomyroirti^c was introduced
into Congress, the people of ne^tem Mnsouii appeared in-
different to the j>rohibitir>ri of slavery in t/ie Tetnlory, and
neither asked noi desired its repeal
Now, sir, the inquiry to be made into the
validity of my election, is an inquiry into th<* fair-
ness and good faith observed by the officers and
people of the Territory of Kansas in executing a
law of Congress, and this was the duty which
this committee was to execute impartially; for
it must be conceded, that, if this duty has not
been impartially executed, their report can be of
but little value. Sir, it is impossible to read the
extract I have made from this report, without
seeing that this committee commences by calling
in question the wisdom and propriety of the very
law of Congress into the impartial execution of
which they were to inquire. They set out with
the assumption that, as the law stood, slavery
was excluded from Kansas; and they urge an
argument to show, that, if this prohibition had
not been removed, the settlement would have
been rapidly and peacefully made by anti-slavery
men, and harmony and good feeling would have
existed throughout the Union.
Sir, is not this a party question, now and at
the time this committee was appointed fiercely
and acrimoniously debated throughout the Union?
And have not this committee, by espousing one
side of this question, and making its^.ssumptions
the very basis of their report, descended from the
high position of impartial inquirers after the truth
between these parties, and placed themselves on
the side of one of the parties in this controversy,
thus making themselves partisans in this inquiry>
But, m the second place, I ask the attention of
the House to the statement of the committee, that,
up to the passage of the Kansas and Nebraska
bill, the people of western Missouri were indiffer-
ent to the prohibition of slavery in the Territory,
and neither asked nor desired its repeal. Sir, this
statement is strictly true. The people of west-
ern Missouri felt no especial concern on this
question up to the time of the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska act. But it is now notorious
that fierce and violent contentions exist through-
out this Union on this question. One party insists
that all the disorders and confusion in Kansas,
and all the fierce party strife which exists in this
Union, have arisen from the intererence of the.
people of western Missouri in the Kansas elec-
tions. The other party insists that it originates
in the interference of organized societies at the
North with the regular course of things in the set-
tlement of Kansas. In this conflict of party
opinion this committee was sent to Kansas, with
great and unusual powers; and all must concede
that, if they interfered with this question, they
ought to have done so impartially, as men whose
treat object was to seek the truth, and lay it
efore this House. The moment they become
partisans on this question, the value of their
report is destroyed. And now, sir, have they,
on this question, become partisans? I ask that
they may be judged from their report, and the
testimony returned by them. They tell you truly,
that at the passage of the bill the people of
western Missouri appeared indifferent to the pro-
hibition of slavery in the Territory, and neither
asked nor desired its repeal. But they proceed to
say:
" When, however, the prohibition was removed by the
action of Congress, the aspect of affairs was entirely
changed."
And they proceed to give their history of this
change. They say the whole country was agi-
tated by this question; the excitement of the sla-
very discussion was reopened and extended to
Missouri; that new difficulties soon occurred in
the construction of the organic law as to the
right to hold slaves in the Teiritory; and proceed
to say:
rC Within a few days after the organic law was
and as soon as it could bo known on the border, the citi-
zens of Missomi crossed into the Territory, held squatter
meetings, and returned to their homes. Among the lesolu-
uons passed by them are the following :
" That we will affoid piotectionto no Abolitionist as a
settler of this Tcmtoiv.
'• That we recognize the institution of slavery as exist-
ing m tiny Territory, and advise slaveholders to introduce
then property as early as possible."
They say that similar meetings were held in
Missouri, and in other places in the Territory;
and they say that the repeal of the slavery re-
striction was to substitute the resolves of squat-
ter meetings of the citizens of one State for the
deliberate action of Congress, acquiesced in for
thirty-four years; and they say this unlawful in-
terference has been continued, and every election
has been controlled, not by settlers, but by citi-
zens of Missouri, &c. It is impossible to read
this statement of the committee without seeing
that two results are intended to be produced by
it: First—a prejudice against the action of the
Congress of the United States in passing the
Kansas and Nebraska act; second—the opinion
that unlawful interference with the elections of
Kansas commenced and was continued by the
people of Missouri as the result of political preju-
dice growing out of that act.
I pass the first of these things with a reference
to my previous remarks. It is with the second
I desire now chiefly to deal; and I am to inquire
whether this is a fair and impartial statement of
the history of this matter, or is it apartisan state-
ment? Remember, it is truly affirmed by the
committee, that up to the time of the passage of
the Kansas-Nebraska act, these people, against
whom the committee bring these gra\e charges,
were indifferent to the question whether slavery
should exist in Kansas. Then they are charged
with partaking of the high excitement which
existed in other sections of the country, and im-
mediately rushing into the Territory and com-
mencing a lawless course, which they have con-
tinued to the present time. Are not these things
on their part so inconsistent as necessarily to
force on the mind two conclusions? First, the
conduct of the Missourians is too highly colored
to be o-jven by impartial historians; second, some-
thing0 material is suppressed in this statement.
The iirst of these conclusions will be noticed pres-
sently; the second 1 now notice.
It appears, from the testimony of Amos Law-
rence, page 373, that, as far back as April, 1854,
the Legislature of Massachusetts had chartered
a company to aid emigrants to Kansas. And
it appears, from the testimony of various other
