270
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
Clerk.] Strike out the words, "until a Speaker
is elected," and insert in lieu of them, " for one
week from this time."
Mr. BOYCE. I hope the resolution will not
be adopted. What do you gain by that ?
The CLERK, (interrupting.) Debate is out
of order.
-Mr. CLINGMAN. You can rescind it at any
time.
The resolution being modified, so as to re-
strict its operation to one week, the roll was
called on the motion to lay on the table, and there
were—yeas 61, nays 128; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdalo,Bell, Bocock, Bowie,
Boyca, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Caiiife, Carutheis, Cox. Craige, Culbn, Davidson, Dowdell,
Edraun^on, Elliott, Ku^tis, Evan:-, Faulkner. "Florence,
Thomas J. I). I>,uller, Goodc, Autism* Hall, S.tnip-on W.
Kami, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Houston, J Clancy
Jones, Kid well, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Mai .-hall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mr-Mulim, McQueen,
eon, Moore, Mordeoai Olivet, Oii\ Pock, Powell, Ready,
Richardson, Euffm, Rust, Savage, William Smith, Sliced,
Stewait, Talbott, Taylor, Vat!, Walk, Walker, Watkm?,
WinsUnv, Daniel B. Wught, and John V. Wi'ght—CI.
NAYrf—Messrs. Albnght, Alison, linnkf, Baielav,
Henry Bennett, Ilendlev S. Bennett, Benson, Biihn2lim>t.
Bingham, Bishop, Bli«s, Bradshaw, Brenton, Biooni, Buf
fhigion, Burhngame, Jamea H. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayaul
Clark, Ciawson, Clmgnian, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Colfax, Comiiw, Ciagm, Cumback, Danircll,
Henry Wintei Davis, Timothy Davw, Day, Dean, Do Witt,
Dick, Dickson,Dodd.Durm, Durieo, Euic\ Edward^, Eat; to,
English, Ethendge, Foster, Guiduigs, Gilbert, Grander,
Gieenwood. Grow, Harlan, Ilanison, JIaven, Hickman,
Hodman, ilolloway, Tnoma  It. Ilot ton, Valentino D. lloi-
ton, llowaid, Ilujrbpron, Jewett, George W. Jone^, Kehv,
Kelsey, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, LeiVr,
Lindley, IJuinphiry "Marshal!, Matte^on, MeCaiiv, Mea-
cham, Smith rvhllei, Moigan, Mmnll, Mott, Nichols, Noi-
ton, Andicw Oliver, Paine, Paikor, Peaieo. Pelton,
Pike, Porter, Prmple, Purviance, Qui'man, Reade, Robbins,
Robert^, Sabin, Sa<je, SaiuhJuc, Sapp, S<-ott. Shctinm,
Simmon?!, William Spinner, Stanton, Straivihun,
Tappan, Thoun^ton. Thurston. Todd, Tiafton, T.ippo,
Undci wood. Wade, Wakeman, Walbudge, Wauhon, ar-
tier, Cndwalnder V Wa^hlmme, Ell.hu B. Wa^hburne,
fsraoi Washburn, Wat-on. Welch, Well-?, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodvvorth—1*28.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Pending the call,
Mr. 5SNEED said: I have been desired by my
colleague, Mr. Smitii, to state that he has pain-U
off for the lumamdcr of the day with Mr. Rucihe,
a Banks man.
Mr. EDIE. I have boon desired by my col-
league, Mr. Kuvkf.i., to state that ho has paired
oft*for the day with the gentleman from North
Carolina, Mr. Branch.
Mr. FAULKNEK. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr. ORR. I call for the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution.
'] he yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. OARUTHERS. "Will the Clerk read the
resolution apain?
The resolution was again reported, the modi-
fication limiting its operation to one week having
been made.
Mr. EUSTIS. I move that the House do now
adjourn. ,
Mr. CLENGMAN. That motion is not in j
order, as it has just now been voted down. !
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that some j
sort of business has been transacted, the yeas and
nays having been ordered, and is Uiciefore of 1
opinion that the motion is m order. j
The question was taken, and it was not arrrccd !
tO. !
The roll was then called on the question of the
adoption of Mr. Clingman's resolution, and there j
were—yeas 119, nays 74: as follows: j
VDAS—Mes«,rs. Albright, Alison, Banks, Eaicloy. Hen-
ry Bennett, Benson, Cillmghuist, Durham, Bishop, Bh^. '
burn, Watson, Wells, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, and
Wood woi tli—119. J
NA* S—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Bavk^dalp, Bell, Hendlev
R/m /itt 1^ ^ I- Tv ... _ n  . . ' . . "
Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, DuUo
Edie, Edwards, Emrie, English, PAheiidge, Foster, Gui-
ding-*, Gilbert, Gnm^ei, GieonvvooJ, Giow, Ilailan, J.
Morrison Hairis, IIav?n, Hiekinr.n, I/oflman, IloUmvav 1
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Ilo.ton, How aid, Hughs-
ton, Jewett, George W. Jone*?, Kent, Kelsey. Iiuapp
Kin<;lit, IviKtvftoii, Knox. Lcit',-1. AI?\aii(.ior K. JIai.ball'
5Tatto^on, McCaity,? leaeiiam. irunth Mi tier. ^Ior<ran. Moi-
rni, ISioiton, Andiew Oliver, Paiker, Poaiee. Pelton, iVttit,
PfjcJp.?. Pike, Fun<r}i'; rmviHtiee, lui[j[uri^, Kobuil'-, Sabm,
•ia^e, ^andidge, Sapp, S!t<Mmai), ytmmoiw, William R.
Smith, irpmner, Stanton. Stranahan, Swope, Tappan /j'hor-
i'lgton, IMiurstoji, Todd, Trahon, Titppo, Underwood, Vail,
Wade, Wakeman, "Walbridge, Waldmn, Warner, Cadwal-
sdorC. Wibbburne, EUiIju B. Wa^hbutne, I rael Wash-
Satnpson W. Harris, Thomas L. llanis, Ileibert, Houston'
J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Ivennett, Iinhvell, Lake, Letcher,
Lindley. Lumpkin, Htimphrev Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
I shall, Maxwell, MeMulSm, McQueen, Mtllson, Mooie,
I Mott, Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Paine, Peek, Porter,
Powell, Quitman, Reade, Ready, Rieaud, Puchaid^on, Ruf-
fin. Rust. Savage. Scott, William Smith, Sneed, Stewart,
Talbott, Taylor, Valk, Walker, Watkms, Williams, Wins-
low, Daniel B. Wr^ht, and John V. Wright—74.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House thereupon (at half past three
o'clock,p. m.) adjourned till Monday, at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 21, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev.-Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
j! approved.
'' j-Ion. Sam Houston appeared in his seat this
II morning.
'j COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
!' The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Messrs. Joiinsont, Fitzpatrick, and Fessen-
j: nnx, members of the Joint Committee on Pnnt-
i mg, on the part of the Senate.
11 PETITIONS, ETC.
jl Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Jacob
i! Washington Mor^e, who served in the Nav}r
'j during tTie last wor with Great Rritain, praying
I to be'allowed arrears of pay, and a pension;
Ij which was referred to the Committee on Pon-
j: sious. ;
|j Mr. IiAMLTN presented the petition of Rufus :
K. Lane, a soldier in the last ^*ar with Great
j; Britain, praying to be allowed arrears nf pension;
jj which whs referred to the Committee on Pen-
|j sions.
lj Also, a paper in relation to the claim of Ben-
jj jomm Berry, a revolutionary soldier, to a pen-
:j sion; which was referred to the Committee on
|j Pensions. j
i| Mr. RUSK presented a letter of C. Vender- j
j| bill, on the subject of oeean mail service between 1
the United States and Europe; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Oirice and j
(| Post Roads. j
Mr. CLAY presented the petition of citizens !
of De Kaib county, Alabama, praying that Sarah j
Ben^e, widow of Obadiah Benge, a revolutionary j
soldier, may be allowed a pension; which was |
referred to the Committee on Pensions. ]
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Oiclerc.l, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Tluu-su.iy nevt.
JIARBORS ON THE COAST OF TEXAS.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution:
which was considered by unanimous consent, and ;
agreed to: j
Retched. That the Secietaiv of War be requested to '
inform the Senate whether, m hi*op;mon, any foitujeations '
ni'1 nec^aiv ioi the defense of the hatbois of Galveston, '
sjuluu.i, and otaer Jiaibois upon iheco'ifttof Texa-,; and l
a so, to iuim-li «.^tiinatc& Jot the hums of money neces^aiy
to lie appropriated for the cotestuumon of Mich ioitifioa-
tions.
| PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
| On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it was
' Ordcrc-l, That the pipers on the files of the Senate re-
■ kiting to the claim of Lo Jio Comas to a pension, be refencd
, to the ('onmiilteo on PensKUis.
; On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it was
Orrfere-l. That the pipers in the ea-~o of Abel S. Jr.ck.~on,
, be withdiawn tiom the lile.?, and referred to the Committee
j on Pensions.
! On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
| Ordered, Tnat the petition and papers of Aus:u=tiis Ford,
: pravmg for ronmen?ation ior a ehait of Lake Ontario, prc-
j pared by him dunni the war of 1^19, for the use of the
S scjuadron on tint lake, before hi< entianee into the publu-
service, be withdrawn from the files of the* Senate, and
lefenei to the Committee on Naval AfTans.
On motion by Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Lewis Rallston,
praying for remunerauon lor the loss of his improvement's,
contrary to the provisions of the Cherokee treaty of 3835,
by withdtawu from the files of the Senate, and refeired to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of John L. Wor-
den, pravmg compensation forextianaval service, be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Court
of Claims.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ordered, That William Money, who prayed for payment
for hoises taken from him during fho Mexican, war, have
leave to withdraw his memorial and papeis.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ordered, That George Stealey, who prayed to be com-
pensated for expenses and services while on a mission to
Indian tribes m California, have leave to withdraw his
memorial and papers.
\/ NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr.EUTLERprescnted the petition of Thomas
R. Gcdncy, a commander in the Navy, who has
been placed on the fuilough list, praying that he
may be transferred to the retired list of the Navy;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Thomas Petigrew, late
a commander in the Navy, who has been dropped
in consequence of the recommendation of the late
naval board,praying to be restored to his former
position in the service; which was referred to the
Committee on Nnval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Thomas Paine, a captain
in the Navy, who has been placed on the reserved
list, praying to be restored to his former position
in the Navy; which was referred to the Commit- '
tee on Naval Affairs.
Also, resolutions of the Chamber of Commerce,
South C\u uliiui, in relation to the action of the
late naval board, m consequence of which Lieut.
J. N. Ma/Rtt lias boon placed on the reserved list;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
_ Mr. BAYARD. I desire to present the memo-
rial of Charles Gray, late a passed midshipman
in the Navy, who was dropped in consequence
of the recommendation of the late naval board,
praymg to be restored to his former position m
the service. I may state one fact connected with
this cas'a. The removal must, I suppose, be re-
garded as having been for inefficiency. The fact
is, that the memorialist has been twelve years and
eleven months in the service of the United States;
and during thnt period of time be has been at sea
eleven years and six months, and has been cn-
i«aoed on shore duty for nine months; so that ho
has been for nearly the whole period in active
service, but yet he is found to Jje an inefficient
olncer! I move that the memorial be referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I present the
memorial of Captain Charles Boarman, of the
United States Navy, who has been placed on the
retired list by the late naval board. This gentle-
man supposes, and I presume rightly, that he has
been placed on that list because of his supposed
inefficiency; whereas, he says he is at the present
time possessed of as sound a constitution as any
officer in the Navy; he is in the most vigorous
health, and feels himself quite as competent and
willing to perform the most active and arduous
service as he ever has been. He entered tho
Navy, I think, at about thirteen years of age,
before the last war with Great Britain. He has
seen a great deal of service on the lakes, at sea,
and on shore. He was selected (because he was
said to be a good naval officer as first lieutenant)
as commander of a frigate, and has been assigned
to the command of numbers of vessels; and 1
believe he has served for three years in command
of the navy-yard at New York. All the duties
of these places he discharged satisfactorily to his
superiors.
Pic says further, that, during all his service,
he was never suspended, court-martialed, or
arrested. He never was complained of, nor was
there ever any reason to complain of him as being
intemperate, even in a single instance. He knows
that he is younger than some of those who have
been retained. He feels that he is in as vigorous
a condition of life as any man in the service,
perfectly ready to discharge any duties which
may be assigned to those oil the active list. He
thinks, therefore, that he ought not to be put on
the reserved list, which implies that he is ineffi-
cient. He furnishes pretty good testimony for
