W
TflE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1.
persons, that the scheme of sending emigrants to
Kansas to make it a free State, and thus defeating
the legislation of Congress, was openly discussed
in the North for some time previous to the pas-
sage of the act. A. knowledge of these designs
had reached Missouri, as appears from the testi-
mony of Amos Reese, page  , and others.
Now, would not an impartial inquirer have found
in this fact a solution of the change of feeling in
Missouri > The Missourians have always been
in amity with the free States on their eastern bor-
ders, because the people who settled those States
went there to attend to their own business, and
make their own fortunes. They regulated their
institutions according to their pleasure, and Mis-
souri had no objection to their doing so. So, if
Kansas was to be settled by those who went there
in the natuial course of emigration, to attend to
their own affairs, Missouri was content they
should settle their own institutions to please them-
selves. But when they found political fanaticism
in thenorthern States, desirous, for its own indul-
gence,'to override the action of Congress, and
combining to send out emigrants who were
pledged to make Kansas a free State; when it is
further borne in mind that these emigrants were
to receive aid from the society; that they were
therefore poor, but affecting a purity of conscience
which regarded holding slaves as a deadly sin,
and all laws authorizing it as things which were
to be destroyed;—was it not natural that the
Missourians should he alarmed, and feel that men
Were forced by northern movements on their bor-
ders, not so much for the purpose of attendingto
their own business, as for the purpose of warring
on the property of their neighbors ? And feeling
this, was it not natural that they should desire
Kansas to be settled by men who would respect
the rights and property of their neighbors? Is
it not strange that this committee, having much
evidence on this very subjcct, and having exam-
ined witnesses who stated that this prior move-
ment m the North was the cause of the excite-
ment, and the movements alluded to by the com-
mittee, should wholly omitthis matter, and make
a report in which these prior movements at the
North are not even glanced at, but the Missou-
rians held up as wanton aggressors ? I ask if
this course does not furnish full evidence that
this report is a partisan document?
Prom Lawrence's testimony it appears the
Legislature of Massachusetts, had chartered a
company to interfere with Kansas, by making it
a free State, in April, 1854. The fust resolutions ,
referred to on the other side are the resolutions !
passed in a squatter meeting on the Delaware !
lands m Kansas, dune JO, 1854. The irregular '
movements, then, to defeat the natuial operation
of the laws of Congress, m the settlement of
Kansas, came first fiom tiie northern faetionists;
and the action in Missouri followed this, and was
to counteract it. I have said I could not go into
this report in detail. I refer, for many of the de-
tails of this question, to the report of Mr. Oliver.
Some general matters I must notice briefly.
The committee refer to the pro-slavery meet-
ings in Kansas sneeringly, as squatter meetings.
And pray, sir, were not all the meetings held on
the other side of this question, even the famed
Topeka convention, squatter meetings? The
United .States has not sold one acre of land
in this Territory, and the whole population are
squatters, seeking and striving to obtain pre- ;
emption rights on the Government lands. Why,
then, apply this term "squatter" sneeringly to
the action and resolutions of one portion of the
population of this Territory, and not apply it to •
both ? j
The committee further say: I
" Every election lias been controlled, not by the actual '
settlers), but by citizens of Missouri; and tsvciy oflicei not
appointed by the President, tiom constable to legislators,
owes his position to non-resident voters" ;
Now, sir, I insist that this statement is not |
sustained by any fair interpretation of the evi-
dence, unci l refer to the report of Mr. Oliver as
containing a satisfactory answer to it. But 1
ought to point out, as weli as I can in the limits
allowed me, the manner m which it seems to me
the committee have come to this result. You :
observe, sir, they contrast the citizens of Mis-
souri and the settlers of the Territory; and this >,
leads mo to inquire, who were the settlers? ;
xhe twenty-third section of the law provides, j
that every free white male inhabitant above the
age of twenty-one years, who shall be an actual
resident of such Territory > and shall possess the
qualifications thereafter mentioned, shall be enti-
tled to vote at the first election; and then follows
a provision limiting the right to vote to citizens
pf the United States, and excluding all officers
and soldiers, and persons attached to troops, in
the service of the United States, it appears,
therefore, that citizens of the United States, in-
habitants and actual residents of the Territory,
not officers and soldiers of the United States, and
not attached to the troops of the United States,
were entitled to vote. Hence the question of
residence becomes material. In investigating
this question the condition of the Territory
should be kept in mind.
As the committee state, when the act passed,
the 30th of May, 1854, the greater portion of its
eastern border was included in Indian reserva-
tions; and there were but few white settlers in
any part of the Territory. But many emigrants
were anxiously awaiting the extinction of the
Indian title, and the establishment of a territorial
government, to seek homes in this Territory.
These anxious emigrants had, of course, found
their way to the States bordering on this Territory,
chiefly in Missouri. As was to be expected, these
emigrants, as soon as they heard of the passage
of the law, flockcd into the Territory to make their
location, and take steps to make this their future
home. But as they did not hear of the passage
of the act until the summer of 1854, it was too
late in the year to make a crop, or make other
provisions for the support of their families that
year ; and for the year 1855 many of them had
commenced making their crop in Missouri. It
would have been madness for an emigrant who
had selected his location, and regarded himself as
a settler in Kansas, to bring his family to the
Territory and place them, in the summer and
fall of 1854, on the prairies, without shelter or
food. His proper course was to complete and
secure the crop he had commenced in Missouri,
where his family had shelter and food, and give
all the attention he could to secure his claim, and
prepare it for the occupation of his family the
subsequent year. By the determination to make
Kansas his future home, and his preparation for
removal, and his closing up his business m Mis-
souri, he had made his election to become an
inhabitant of Kansas, and bona fide regarded
this his actual residence. The continuance of
his family in "Missouri was regarded as merely in
preparation of their removal; and such men who
had deliberately cast in their future lot with
Kansas were justly and properly to be regarded
under the law as inhabitants and residents, and
therefore lawful voters. 1 believe the large ma-
jority of the voters who are denounced by this
committee as Missouri interlopers, were of this
class; usually poor men, dependent for their
support on their labor, not able to throw away
a year's crop without bringing want upon their
families, but yet able to withdraw a portion of
their attention from their crop, and give it to the
selection of a location in Kansas, for their future
homes, and to make preparations for their resi-
dence. In this preparation some had made great-
er progress than others; some had built cabins,
some had only commenced fencing to prepare
for another crop. But, sir, the amount of prepa-
ration is not material. It was not only material
that those who had bona fide determined to settle
in Kansas had actually commenced their prepara-
tions, and did actually carry out their designs by
removing to the Territory and thus becoming
citizens.
Now, sir, I cannot state what number of these
persons we^e voters at the election of the 30th of
March, 1855; but the number was large, and I
considered myself entitled m this inquiry to the
right of proving: these votes to be good. The
only mode to effect this was to take up seriatim
the poll-book of each district and precinct, and
inquire as to each voter, <4 was he a good voter?"
This course would have enabled the parties to
test the validity of each vote. Such is the course
usually pursued in contested elections, and was
the course just and proper here. This course I
did demand the committee should pursue, and it
was made the subject of discussion in the com-
mittee. This discussion took place at Lawrence,
after the committee met m Kansas, The nip-ht
following the discussion, an attempt was made to
assassinate Sheriff Jones. I was compelled to
leave Lawrence the next morning with Jones, and
to allay by my exertions the excitement among
the people. Before leaving, I addressed a letter
to the committee, informing them that I could not
procure the attendance of my witnesses at Law-
rence for fear of assassination, and asking them
to adjourn to some safe and neutral point. Mr.
Omyerobjected to proceeding at Lawrence. The
committee declined my request, and decided to
proceed to take the testimony at Lawrence. I
am not aware whether any formal decision was
made on the proposition to take the poll-books
and examine the election, district by district; but
they did, in fact, refuse to do so. They pro-
ceeded to take testimony of a vague and general
character in relation to the election of the 30th of
March, 1855, and that of 1st October, 1854.
An examination of the two reports and of the
testimony will show that the testimony was
vague, conflicting, and much of it hearsay, and
very much inflamed and exaggerated in its char-
acter, and had very; little bearing on the validity
of any one vote given. It was natural, under
the circumstances, occurring in this Territory
at the time and place this committee held its
sessions, that such exaggerated statements of
past occurrences should be given. Men's minds
were highly excited by passing events and by the
hope and expectation for the future, and were
scarcely in a condition to give true and accurate
statements of the occurrences in the Territory.
Against this excitement it was the duty of the
committee to guard by holding witnesses to care-
ful and accurate statements of facts within their
own knowledge connected with the matters m
controversy. Did they do this? Let the testi-
mony and their own report and conduct answer.
Must of the testimony taken is hearsay, and con-
sists of conjectural and extravagant opinion; and
the committee, after admitting the testimony, do
not seem to have weighed what was conflicting,
nor to have reduced to its proper standard what
was exaggerated and inflamed. But they do seem
to have partaken of and sanctioned this excite-
ment by adopting as the basis of their report all
the exaggerated and extravagant statements made
by the most excited, and therefore the Iea*t re-
liable, witnesses they could find.
But, sii, there are other circumstances to which
I must call your attention. A census was taken,
by order of Governor Reeder, on the 1st of Feb-
ruary—the dead of winter—when probably most
of that class of settlers who were preparing their
claims for future residence must be called away
to .take care of their families and stock, and
making preparations to remove to their new resi-
dences. it is in proof, that about this time the
snow was fifteen inches deep on the ground. Of
course this census exhibited but an imperfect re-
tain of these settlers. It is in proof that, between
the taking this census and the 30th of March,
more settlers came into the Territory from Mis-
souri than were on the census books, and these
did not, as I verily believe, include all the bona
fide settlers—men who, as tlie committee say, had
been anxiously waiting for a form of government
in this Territory, and who had made their loca-
tions, determined to make their homes in Kansas,
and were awaiting only the opening of the spring
to remove their families thither. It is also m
proof, that many men from the North, who pro-
fessed to have been sent by northern aid societies,
came into the Territory just before the election,
expressing a determination to vote, and returned
immediately after the election. Some of these
men, at Kansas City, desired to purchase outfits,
which they resold on their return in two or three
weeks after, saying that they " had performed
their mission;" they u had votedt and would now
return." (See Giliim's and other testimony.J
Now, sir, I did wish to have the poll-books of
each district and precinct examined, and to let
the vote of each bona Jide immigrant who actu-
ally became an inhabitant and resident of the
Territory stand. But this was what I could not
have done. The committee substituted for it tes-
timony, the character of which I have described;
they state every wild, extravagant declaration
winch is procured by hearsay, or otherwise, to
have been made by any one said to be from Mis-
souri. They quietly assume that every man who
was seen to come from the direction of Missouri
