1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Hickman.
Ho. of Reps.
it to the last of thought, of feeling, and of life,
he is not a true son, but a bastard. He is un-
worthy to tread American soil; he should flee
to the throne of the despot, and there, kneeling
to the dust, in the abjectness and turpitude of
his nature, utter hosannas to the rigor of the
tyrant, the god of his idolatry, and swear eternal
fealty on the galling chains destined to bind him.
Such a being would be far more servile, and des-
titute of manhood, than the negro slave himself.*
" If one
Exist who would not arm for liberty,
Be be, too, cursed living, and, when dead,
Let him be buried downwards, with his face
Looking to hell, and o'er his coward grave
The hare skulk in her form!"
The earliest writers on elementary law declare
that it is useless to bestow a right without giving,
at the same time, the means to enforce it. Does
Congress possess the power to restore sovereignty
to the people of Kansas, if deprived of it in viola-
tion of law ? I am not willing to so far emascu-
late the supreme power in the land as to say they
have not. It would be saying, in effect, that the
parent has no right to protect nis child. I would
rather say, that the power to bestow rights, with-
out the power to secure them, is a weakness which
does not exist in the theory of our Government.
I contend that the power to maintain a right is
commensurate and coexistent with the power to
bestow the right.
Let us be honest; let us be true to ourselves,
as well as to those whom we have induced, by
promises, to occupy our hitherto unsettled do-
main. Let us not give these confiding pioneers
an excuse to denounce us in the language spoken
by Macbeth of the apparition:
" And be these juggling fiends no more believ'd,
That palter with us in a double sense ;
That keep the word of promise to our ear,
And break it to our hope."
Sir, I am bound to assume it as a fact, if there
is a word of truth in the Kansas act, or in its
supporters, that there is sovereignty in Kansas;
and if there be sovereignty there, that Congress
is bound to protect ana defend it from violence,
and to restore it when taken away.
Mr. Speaker, let us see what the contestant and
his constituents represent to us. They say there
has been an invasion from the State of Missouri;
that the invaders were armed and equipped; that
they seized upon the polls, and held them with a
strong hand; and in this way imposed a pretended
Legislature upon them. Let it be remembered—
let it go to the country—that this astounding
statement has not been denied; that investigation
is not resisted because the allegations are not true;
but because we cannot investigate 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What statement:
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 cannot yield to an inter-
ruption.
Mr. SMITH. You made a statement.
Mr. HICKMAN. I did make a statement,
and the gentleman, if he wants to say anything,
can wait till I conclude. I say they virtually ad-
mit an invasion of the Territory.
Mr. SMITH. The statement has been utterly
and repeatedly denied. [Cries of "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not in order.
Mr. HICKMAN. I have not heard any gen-
tleman upon this floor say, in plain terms, that
there has not been an invasion of Kansas. 1
understood the honorable gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Smith] to say that disorders were to
be expected in new Territories and border States;
and, because they are to be expected, I presume
we are to be asked to put up with them in what-
ever shape they may come, or with whatever po-
tency they may manifest themselves. Of course
a denial of these assertions is not to be expected,
as no one here can presume that he is acquainted
with the facts. But, I observe, in a letter ad-
dressed by a citizen of Missouri to the Missouri
Democrat, and published in that paper, that Mr.
Atchison is charged with having used the follow-
ing language, in a speech delivered by him at
Platte City, on February 4,1856:
"Wei!, what next? Why, an election for members of
the Legislature to organize the Territory must be held.
What did I advise you to do then ? Why, meet them on
their own ground, and beat them at their own game again;
aad, cold and inclement as the weather was, I went over
with a company of men. My object in going was not to
vote. I had no right to vote, unless I had disfranchised
myself in Missouri. I was not within two miles of a voting
place. My object in going was not to vote, but to settle a
difficulty between two of our candidates; and the Aboli-
tionists of the North said, and publishedit abroad, that Atchi-
son was there with bowie-knife and revolver, and by G—d
'twas true. I never did go into that Territory—I never intend
to go into that Territory, without being prepared for all such
kind of cattle. Well, we beat them, and Governor Reeder
gave certificates to a majority of all the members of both
houses."
This, as I read it, is something akin to an ad-
mission, on the part of Mr. Atchison, that there
was a species of " armed intervention" between
the people and their right to elect a Legislature.
I will not venture to assert that these alleged
; outrages'havebeen perpetrated; but, sitting here,
I have a right to know whether they be true or
not. I should consider myself faithless to my
office, if I did not seek to ascertain the truth.
Unwilling as I am to yield a ready credence to*
such high charges, 1 am still sensible there are
those in this country who, if they could distill a
poison as potent as that of the fabled Upas tree,
would scatter desolation and death over every
terrestrial paradise. Especially would they be
willing to cast blight and barrenness over this
blest heritage of freedom. Failing to ingraft
some favorite theory upon our institutions, they
would crush the Union itself, and, with it, the
last hope of downtrodden man. I fear not their
machinations, for I cannot but believe that the
unsleeping eye of the nation's God is upon them,
and that the Omnipotent word must soon be ut-
tered, "Thus far slialt thou go, and no further."
I have an abiding confidence that our country is
still to move onward in her path of greatness and
of glory; and that future millions will exultingly
worship in the temple of liberty, when nothing
shall remain of the actual or constructive traitor
but a deserted grave, and that retribution which
must await an enemy of his race.
The minorityof the committee, in their report,
and the sitting Delegate, in the paper he has filed,
resist the right of this House to investigate the
statements made by the people of Kansas upon
three grounds:
1. That the seat of the sitting Delegate can only
be contested by one who, if successful in removing
him, would be entitled to the seat.
2. That no inquiry can be made into the legality
of the Kansas'Legislature.
3. If that inquiry could be had, then the acts qf
Governor Reeder prove its legality.
I think I shall be able, Mr. Speaker, to satisfy
all candid and unprejudiced minds that there is
no soundness whatever in either of these points
thus made. I will examine them with as much
brevity as possible.
The first position assumed is, as I conceive,
entirely unsupported by legal analogies, the dic-
tates of reason, or the practice of this House. A
contestant is not to be regarded in the light of a
plaintiff in court, for the reason that the determ-
ination of the question he reuses concerns the
House itself as much, if not more, than it does
the contestant. The case is more akin to that of
a court inquiring into its own constitution. When-
ever a doubt is raised as to the title of one of its
officers, or a challenge is made to the jurors
returned to it, the court must stop to inquire into
the truth of the alleged facts; it must determine
whether its own parts are legally constituted.
This House is making up its own constituent
parts, and it will not admit a stranger. It is de-
ciding who are its members, and what title can
be made out by those claiming seats. No man
devoid of title can sit here. This House, at least,
cannot be made up by usurpation.
I am able to speak from the record, and to assert,
in the most positive terms, that this House, in at
least seven different instances, has undertaken to
do that which we are now told it cannot do. In
the cases to which I make reference, the House,
of its own motion, without a contestant, instituted
inquiry into the titles of those who claimed seats.
They are as follows: David Baird, of Pennsyl-
vania; N. Hunter, Delegate from Mississippi; J.
P. Van Ness, of New York; Paul Fearing, Dele-
gate from the Northwest Territory; George Mum-
ford, of North Carolina; John Forsyth, of Georgia;
and John Lanman, of Connecticut. These cases
furnish, I think, a conclusive answer to the
assumption, that there must be a contestant show-
ing title before an investigation can be had. But
I will not rest my answer here, as I think it may
be rendered still more conclusive. In the case
now before the House there is a contost, not
made by Governor Reeder alone, but by the
people of Kansas. It will scarcely be contended
.that inhabitants of that Territory are not entitled
to be represented here. The organic act, I trust,
has not become so worthless as such a denial
would make it. They say General Whitfield is
not their Delegate, and they demand a decision
whether he be so or not. I will now give to the
opposition eight cases wherein this House, upon
the request of citizens alone, has investigated
claims to seats. They are as follows: John Stan-
wick, of Pennsylvania; Joseph B. Varnum, of
Massachusetts; JohnHoge, of Pennsylvania; M.
Leib, of Pennsylvania; P. B. Key, of Maryland;
John Bailey, of Massachusetts; John Sergeant,
of Pennsylvania; and Albert Gallatin, of Pennsyl-
vania. The House, indeed, could not have done
differently. They could not avoid that most
material inquiry, whether thcye claiming to be
members of their body were so or not ? If ever a
legal heresy emanated from a legal mind, the point
I have examined is one, and I leave it.
The second ground assumed by our opponents
is an important one, and will require of me a
more careful consideration. It denies to us the
power to inquire into the legality of the Territo-
rial Legislature—in other words, it assumes that
we must regard every body of men as legislative,
which professes to be so. The minority of the
committee contend that an inquiry into the legal-
ity of a Legislature can only be made by the judi-.
ciary. As a general proposition this is true; but
when applied to such a case as the' present it is
untrue, and the reason is manifest. A court can
only determine such a question in a case properly
before it; and a court has no concern with con-
tests for seats in Congress. On the contrary, the
right to determine such questions is given by the
Constitution to a very different tribunal. The
language of the 5th section of the 1st article is,
" Each House shall be the judge qf the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its own members."
The legitimate sphere of action of the different
departments of Government are clearly defined,
and we must not confound them.
But, sir, the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Davis] has taken a more bold and dangerous
ground. He has left all others far below him in
the wild daring of his flight. I understand him
to contend •, first, that, as by the Kansas act " the
persons having the highest number of legal votes
shall be declared by the Governor to be duly
elected," the decision of that officer is final—that
his certificate fixes the Legislature—even admit-
ting that they were not legally elected. I regard
any such notion as this perfectly heterodox. It
cannot be, that the certificate is of greater value
than the legal votes, and overrides them. I would
rather contend that the legal votes were the foun-
dation of the title to the office, and the certificate
but ancillary. To conclude that the certificate
constitutes the foundation of title, would be to
assume that the Governor could make a Legis-
lature without votes. But Governor Reeder as-
serts that he gave the certificates in ignorance of
the facts, and that the people were intimidated
from making complaint. If such was the case,
then, I reply, fraud or duress vitiates any and
every act.
Tne second postulate of the gentleman from
Maryland is this: that, whenever there is a con-
test in a State or Territory as to the residence of
sovereignty, the President of the United" States if<
to decitle the question. Simplified, his proposi-
tion stands thus: that is the supreme power in a
State or Territory which the President recognizes
as such. The President is bound by the Consti-
tution to " see that the laws are faithfully exe-
cuted;',' and to cause laws to be executed it may
be necessary for him to decide between rival Le-
gislatures which is the true one. This I do not
deny. I do deny, however, that he can decide
that question for Congress, or for either House of
Congress. He cannot make that provision of the
fundamental law, to which I have just referred,
paramount to thepther provision of the same law,
that " each House shall be the judge of the elec-
