1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was a lawless intruder on the freedom of Kansas
elr-ction, and wholly fail to present any just and
impartial account of the conduct of those who
come from the North.
But, sir, there are other things which should
have made this committee pause in their course.
.File census of February, 1855, imperfect as it
was, shows tnat a naajority of the names on it
were from slave States, the number from the slave
States being- seventeen hundred and eighty-nine,
from the free States eleven hundred and three.
It was, therefore, reasonable to infer that a ma-
jority of the persons shown on that census were
pro-slavery men*, and would have sustained the
pro-slavery ticket.
Again: of the members of the Council and the
Legislature elected in March, 1855, only the elec-
tion of three of the Council and nine of the House
were complained of and contested. This fact
ought to have great weight. If there had been
just cause of complaint, it would doubtless have
been made. The then Governor of the Territory,
now claiming my seat, has given abundant and
satisfactory evidence that his feelings have always
been with the party opposed to me. It is not
parliamentaryto presume that his interests in the
speculations in Pawnee City, as proved by Mr.
Wilson and others, so affected his conscience that
he was indifferent to the public opinion of the
Territory, provided his private aims were attained.
We must, therefore, assume that he was always
free State in his sentiments, and known to be so.
Hence, if any dissatisfied person had just cause
of complaint, they knew they could make their
appeal to a tribunal known to be favorable to
them. But if they had made this appeal, one of
two things must have happened: either there
must have been an investigation which would
have shown that their complaint was groundless,
their friend being the judge; or they must have
had a second election, in which they would have
been beaten. Hence, they were quiet then; but
now, when public opinion throughout the Union
has been excited, and these elections have become
a party question among twenty millions of people,
of whom but few know anything of Kansas,
except that it is a spot on the map west of Mis-
souri, they come forward and testify their opinions
of wrongs of which, at the tune, they made no
complaint. These circumstances ought to have
put the committee on their guard against such
complaints. They ought to have required from
the complainants an excuse for not making their
complaints at the proper time. This, by all rea-
son and law, they ought to have done. Did they
doso? No,sir! They have considered the com-
plaint as full proof of wrong, without weighing
the testimony. But, sir, the then Governor, being
judge of the returns of election, the cases com-
plained of were set aside, a new election was held
on the 22d May, and three anti-slavery members
of the Council were returned; and three pro-
slavery men were returned to the House, and six
anti-slavery men; making the Council stand—ten
pro-slavery and three anti-slavery; and the House
—twentypro-slavery members to six anti-slavery;
giving to the pro-slavery party an ample majority
to effect anything done by that Legislature.
This exhibits a true condition of public opinion
at the election. The validity of the election of
ten pro-slavery members of Council, and twenty
pro-slavery members of the House, as far as I
am informed, was never seriously questioned
before the 15th day of August, 1855. Up to this
time the Legislature of Kansas was recognized
as a lawful body by the claimant of my seat, the
then Governor of Kansas, and, so far as I know,
by everybody else. This Governor was removed
from office on the 1st of August, as the Presi-
dent alleged, for complicity in certain speculations
in Indian lands. On the 18th of August he com-
municated to the Legislature the information that
lie was removed, which he said he had received
on the lii^ht of tiie 15th of August. On this very
15th of August, as appears from the document
on page 607 of this report, a meeting was held at
Lawrence, which commenced the revolutionary
movement. A convention was called at Topeka,
to be held on the 19th of September, 1855.
Now, the committee have collected many loose
rumots of threats of violence, and loose and im-
proper declarations said to then have been made
concerning the elections; they have gathered evi-
dence of one or two statements of attempted vio-
im
lence; but I call the attention of the House to the
fact that, whatever weight may be attempted to
be given by the committee to these loose rumors,
not one single person lost a life, or was injured
in person prior to the 15th of August, 1855, ex-
cept Davis, who was a pro-slavery man,*and was
killed by a Free-Soiler named Kibby. Whether
the committee has reported the testimony of this
fact 1 do not know; but if they have not, they
have not procured evidence of a single act which
has taken life, or damaged the property of any
individual in the Territory prior to the commence-
ment of the revolution on the 15th of August,
1855. Then commenced the movements to resist
by violence the execution of the laws. The
arrival of boxes of Sharpe's liiles was followed
by disorder; and I defy the committee, or any of
their friends, to show a single death or wound by
violence prior to that, except the killing of Davis,
a pro-slavery man, by a Free-Soiler. And this
undeniable fact is a sufficient answer to all the
general, vague, and loose charges of acts of vio-
lence. Sir, it is natural that men who have com-
bined to resist by force the laws of the country
should seek to cover their own baseness by charg-
ing previous lawlessness on those who oppose
them; and in times of high excitement, and in a
new country, in which few men have resided
more than twelve months, unscrupulous men may
be found who will circulate false tales of violence
and wrong; but when such men cannot identify
a single person who was killed, or even hurt,
such talcs and threats of bloodshed must be set
down to a heated fancy or deliberate invention.
But there are some matters in the conduct of
the committee to which i must draw the atten-
tion of the House. The committee met at Le-
compton on the 38th of April, ordered the copy
of papers, invited the sitting and contesting Del-
egates to be present, assisted by counsel, decided
the examination should be open, and'be governed
by the rules of the common law. Then they
called on me to produce my witnesses for exam-
ination, which I declined, because I held my seat
under proper certificates of election, which, to
say the least, gave me primaJacie the right to the
seat, and threw the burden of proof on the con-
testant. I could not consent that the committee
should change the burden of proof, and throw it
on me, giving my adversary, thereby, the advan-
tage of the concussion, that I was bound to prove
my election regular.
The committee adjourned to Lawrence, where
they met on the 23d of April. On that day the
discussion of the mode of proceeding again arose.
I insisted that the burden of proof was on my ad-
versary; that if he denied the validity of the elec-
tion, we should take up the poll-books and pro-
ceed regularly through them, canvass the right
of each voter objected to, and thus procure the
means of deciding whether, in each instance, an
election was made by a majority of lawful voters, i
On the night after this discussion, an attempt was I
made to assassinate Jones in Lawrence. Law- |
rence was the headquarters of the revolutionary I
party; and after this act, it became impossible to !
procure the attendance of any of my witnesses !
there. The committee declined adjourning to j
some neutral and safe place; th«*y continued in ;
session at Lawrence until the 3d of May; the 5th,
6th, and 7th of May they were at Tccumsph;
from the 8th to the J 7th May they were in ses-
sion at Lawrence; and from the loth to the 31st
May they were in session at Leavenworth.
"While the committee were in session at Leav
j On the 28th of April I wro^e $ fetter, to t}ie
committee, in reply to one of tjife* 24th'frojn mjpffi,
asking that they would 'adjourn to JLpavenyorth
to take the testimony of my witnesses residing on
the north side of Kansas river, and asked that
the testimony of those on the south side should
be taken at the "Wea Mission. Tins letter will be
found on page 116 of the report. The committee
did not go to the Wea Mission, but adjourned
from Leavenworth to Westport, a point'much
less convenient to me than the Wea Mission.
: They met at Westport on the 6th of June, and
continued in session until the 9th. During this
J time they examined some witnesses, but a hostile
conflict in the Territory at this time seemed almost
\ inevitable; both parties were armed. I deemed
i it to be my duty as a good citizen, at every per-
sonal hazard, to go among the combatants, and
j exert all the influence my position and character
| gave me, to prevent a hostile conflict, and'the effu-:
sion of blood. I so informed Mr. Sherman, "as
he has recently acknowledged on the floor of this
i House; and I do aver th,at this was my only mo-
tive m going among them, and my whole conduct
was consistent with it. This state of things pre-
vented my witnesses from attending; they would
not leave home, lestin their absence their families
and property might be destroyed.
On the 9th the committee announced its determ-
ination to adjourn forthwith. My counsel, Gov-
ernor King, immediately filed a protest, in which
he stated that I was not through with my testi-
mony, and was in the hourly expectation of the
1 arrival of witnesses; that for the last eight days
the disturbances in the Territory had been of such
a character that I could not procure the attendance
of my witnesses; that I had summoned witnesses
; whose testimony was of great importance as to
the election of the 30th of March, 1855, as to the
i first, second, third, fourth, iifth, and seventh dis*
, tricts; that, from the disturbances in the Terri-
i tory, I had been deprived of rebutting testimony
; as to those districts; that if the committee would
extend its sessions two days, he believed he could
procure the testimony, &c. This the committee
refused, on the ground that T had an opportunity
to examine the same witnesses, and that I had
left the committee three days, to take part in the
war. (See the protest and answer, pages 129 and
130.)
Now, sir, I aver that these statements are in-
correct. I had no opportunity to examine these
witnesses—they could not be induced to go to
Lawrence, and I had asked an adjournment to
the Wea Mission to examine them; the commit*
i tee had adjourned to Westport, as they say, at
, my request! I did not request this; but they sub-
i stituted Westport for the Wea Mission. While
' they were in Westport the troubles which were
' raging in Kansas prevented me from procuring
j the attendance of those witnesses, so that I had
j, no opportunity to examine them. But, sir, it was
I' not true that 1 went to take part in the war; the
|j assumption was both ungenerous and unjust. I
j, went to make peace;and if areasonable time had
,| been given, could have shown it to have been so
beyond all cavil or question.
j' The action of the committee did not end here;
;! they went to St. Louis, and on the 17th June,
i' adjourned to meet at Detroit, Michigan, without
giving mc any notice. Messrs. Howard and
]' Sherman met on the 17th June, at Detroit, and
j1 on the 21st adjourned to New York. What was
j, done at Detroit the journal does not show. The
i committee met in New York on the 26th June.
enworth, there were occurrences not noticed on j I had no notice of this meeting, or an opportu-
the journal, but which it is my duty now to
state, and to which I desire the special atten-
tion of the committee. I wished, if it was de-
signed to introduce the proceedings of the To-
peka convention, and the election held under it, by
which the contestant claims the seat as Delegate
here, to have theelection proceedings introduced,
that I might have an opportunity of contesting,
and producing evidence to sustain my views. 1
therefore asked that these election returns and
documents should be introduced. I was at once
nity to be present but on the 26th June the com-
mittee examined as a witness Andrew H. Reeder,
the contestant, under oath. This man, who fig-
ures m this affair as Governor, judge of elections,
candidate of the revolutionary party for Delegate,
at least without notice to me, at a place at which
I did not know the committee was to meet, and
when T was deprived of all opportunity either to
object to, or cross-examine, is introduced as a
; witness to swear me out of my seat, and himself
i into it. Was such a thing ever heard of from a
informed that they were on the Neosho and could i" tribunal professing to be impartial ? The claim-
not be introduced. On another occasion, I was !" —  ^ ~ --1 *
informed that they were somewhere else, and not
in the power of the committee. I was also in-
formed by the committee that they would not be
introduced, and Governor Reeder's claim to a seat
was not influenced bv them.
' ant himself made a witness m a remote place, af-
ter he had been long before the committee as
contestant! If my objections had been overruled,
, I should have liked to examine him on s'everal
matters, especially in relation to some letters
] proved to be in his handwriting, and excluded
