262
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 19,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Hickman.
Ho. of Reps.
tions, &c.,ofits own members." Both provisions
must exist in full and equal force. The sound
view, I take it, ia this: that the President may
decide for himself, wherever and ■whenever it may
become necessary for him to take action. So also
may Congress, or either House of Congress, m
like manlier, decide for themselves .whenever it
may become necessary for them to take action
upon any matter which makes that inquiry neces-
sary. What virtue would there be m the con-
stitutional grant of power to this House to j udge
of the elections of its members, if the President
could collaterally and finally decide that an illegal
Legislature was a legal body, and, consequently,
that its laws were valid, and all elections held in
pursuance thereof binding ? This would be^ con-
centrating power in the hands of the Executive to
an alarming degree. It would be giving him the
power to subvert, by an easy process, not only
every State government, but the General Govern-
ment itself. , .
Both positions I have been examining put a
Legislature de facto upon the same platform with
a Legislature dejgre. They make proclamation
of the monstrous doctrine that you may originate
a bogtis Legislature in a State, and if you ean keep
it in existence long enough to pass art act pro-
viding for the election of Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress, by getting an executive
sanction to the usurpation, the Senators must be
admitted in the other end of your Capitol, and the
Representatives in this. These positions, 1 repeat,
being subversive of all rightful government and
all order, I must be pardoned for disagreeing with
the logic of the honorable gentleman.
Mr. Speaker, I am doubly supported in the
views I have just expressed.
In 1833, a question of contested election arose
in the Senate of the United States, between Pot-
ter and Robbins, from Rhode Island, both claim-
ing seats. The charter limited the term of service
of the Legislature to one year, and the body
elected in May, 1831, " for the ensuing year," in
January, 1832, passed an act by whieh they ex-
tended their term of office for a longer term, in
violation, as was alleged, of the charter; and still
holding on to their functions in January, 1833,
they elected Mr. Robbins to the Senate for six
years from 4th March, 1833.
Before Mr. Robbins took his seat, another
Legislature was elected, Who declared the act of
January, 1832, and the election of Mr. Robbins,
void, on the ground that the body who elected him
was not at the time a valid Legislature, and had
no right to act; and thereupon elected Mr. Potter.
Both parties claimed the seat, and majority and
minority reports were made, in both of which it
was admitted in the clearest manner that the Le-
gislature who had elected Mr. Robbins was an
acting, de facto Legislature, in full possession of
all the legislative powers—unmolested in their en-
joyment—passing laws, and the only Legislature
m the State. Ana notwithstanding this, the in-
quiry was fully made and argued in both reports^
whether it was or was not a valid Legislature;
and upon this point the case was made to turn.
The report of the majority says:
" Was the body by which he was chosen a Senator the
"Legislature of Uhode Island,or was it merely an assemblage
of citizens without authority to pags laws-?" &c.
It is also stated " that this General Assembly
continued to perform all their functions until the
end of the session of January, 1833." And vet
they add:
" It remains to be inquired, was this body so assembled
the Legislature of Rhode Island ? The law by which they
continued to exercise the powers of legislation issaid to be
■ repugnant to the charter, and therefore void. If this be a
sound objection, it at once annuls every part of their pro-
ceedings, and, as a necessary consequence, that of choosing
a Senator in Congress."
The minority report, drawn by Hon. Silas
Wright, presents the same aspects of the ques-
tion, viz: 1. The admission that the body was
the sole acting Legislature of the State, engaged
in the unmolested discharge of all their functions.
2. An inquiry into their title to the office; and
whether those functions were exercised rightfully
or wrongfully. Mr. Wright further says:
" The validity of the election of Mr. Robbins is contested
on the ground that the persons acting as the Governor,
Lieutenant Governor, and Senators *>f the State, and, as
such, voting for a Senator at the time Mr. Robbing's elec-
tion was made, were elected on tlie first Wednesday in
May, 1831, for the ensuing year, and for no longer term-
that the Legislature of the State had not the power to con-
tinue their official terms beyond the limits fixed in the char
ter, &c.
" On the other side, it is contended that, by the charter
itself, the offices, powers, and duties of those officers do
not cease and determine until others are elected in their
places; that the Legislature of Rhode Island have passed
many laws in contravention of the charter; that the prac-
tice of the government, as shown by its legislation, prove*
that the charter has not been held to be the fundamental
law of the State, except as to certain specific grants; and
that the act of January, 1832, does not conflict with those
grants, and ia therefore valid in all its parts."
Thus the question was fully, deliberately, and
solemnly raised, examined and passed upon in
the Senate of'the United States, whether an act-
ing Legislature, in the full exercise of all the
proper functions, and recognized by the coordi-
nate branches had acquired their powers right-
fully or wrongfully—whether they were in office
by rightful title or by usurpation.
Again: I hold in my hand the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States, delivered
by Chief Justice Taney in the case of Luther rs
Borden, et al., in 7 Howard, pp. 42, 45; and in
that decision I find the following doctrine laid
down:
" Under this article (that which guaranties to the States
a republican form of government) of the Constitution, it
rests with Congress to decide what government is tlie estab-
lished one in a State; for, as the United States guaranty
to each State a republican government, Congress must ne-
cessarily decide what government is established in the State,
betore it can determine whether it is republican or not;
and when the Senators and Representatives of a State are
admitted into the councils of the Union, the authority of
the government under which they are appointed, as well as
its republican character, is recognized by the proper con-
stitutional authority; and its decision is binding on every
other Department of the Government, and could not be
questioned in ajudicial tribunal. It is true that the eontest
in this case did not last long enough to bring the matter to
this issue; and as no Senators or Representatives were
elected under the authority of the government of which
Mr. Dorr was the head, Congress was not called upon to
decide the controversy. Yet the right to decide is placed
there and not in the courts."
********
" Undoubtedly, if tiie President, la exercising ttaf* power,
shall fall into error, or invade the rights of the people of the
State, it would be in the power of Congress to apply the
proper remedy. But the courts must administer the law as
they find it."
I apprehend there will be little difficulty where
there is no prejudice, with these cases before us,
in coming to the conclusion that this House is
without restriction in the exercise of its constitu-
tional right of investigating the election, even of
Representatives from a sovereign State. If We
can test the validity of the Legislature of a State—
a sovereignty—where we have no power but that
which is expressly delegated, dare you deny the
right to inquire into the title of the Legislature of
a mere dependency? Let it not be forgotten that
the Territory of Kansas is " the property" of the
United States, to all intents and purposes, as fully
as my house is my property. Congress has the
power " to dispose" of it, ana to " make all needful
rules and regulations respecting " it. The language
of the Constitution is: "The Congress shall have
power to dispose of and make all needful rules
and regulations respecting the territory or other
property belonging to the United States." We
may change, modify, or repeal the organic act
itself. Our rights over the territory of the United
States are most absolute, even to that ofan unre-
stricted disposal of it. With such unlimited con-
trol of our territory, would it not be strange,
indeed, if we could not determine whether a Del-
egate, professing to come from a Territory, is
sent here by the people of the Territory, or by an
invading army ? Congress may destroy the legis-
lative body itself, and consequently their creations;
for it will not do to assert that the creature is
•greater than the creator.
" 'Tis mad idolatry
To make the service greater them the god."
Left not wh&t I have said of the powers of C6n-
gressr be considered inapplicable to the argument,
for it is to be remembered that this House is as
omnipotent within its prescribed circle of action
as Congress is within its defined limits. I con-
clude this part of my argument with the remark
that this House may judge of the election of its
members—not in one case—not in a particular
class of cases—but in all cases which can possibly
arise; not with limit, but without any restriction
whatever. In the case of a Delegate it may-push
I its inquiries back to the moment the organic acl
| was signed. Any view which militates against
I this, wars against the Constitution, the human
- understanding, and unwavering precedent. Such
a view is destructive of all sovereignty, both in
State and Territory, and is sickly as consumption
, —weak as fancy—impalpable as air—imponder-
able as light.
Mr. Speaker, I shall bestow but little time
u^lon the consideration of the third and last ob-
jection raised to the proposed investigation. It
is urged, with seeming gravity at least, that Gov-
ernor Reeder, by appointing the judges of elec-
tion, giving certificates to seventeen out of twenty-
si^of the Representatives, and to ten out of thir-
teen of the Council, and delivering messages to
the body convened at Pawnee, made those thus
convened there a legal body. I reply that no act
of Governor Reeder could legalize an illegality.
The people of the Territory had no control over
him or his acts, and he could do nothing which
would rob them of their rights. If, however,
Governor Reeder attempted to legalize an illegal
body, and to drown the self-government conferred
upon his people by the act organizing the Terri-
tory, there is the greater reason why the people
should be allowed to discover that fact, and why
we should listen to them. The idea that under
a popular Government an officer, whom the peo-
ple can neither create nor control, can destroy
without redress a guarantied sovereignty, is mon-
strous in the extreme. It would drive us to this
paradoxical conclusion: that Congress made an
act, which made an officer, who did a thing, and
that the thing must be ever-existent thereafter,
because greater than Congress.
Upon the material arguments embraced in the
report of the minority, as well as the written an-
swer of General Whitfield, I have said all that I
have the strength to say. A single allusion further
to the latter paper, ana I leave them. I allude to
the intimation, therein made, of the unfitness of
Governor Reeder for the position of Governor of
the Territory. I am sorry that the sitting Dele-
gate should have considered it necessary to his
case to give such an exhibition of his passion or
his spleen to this House.
I am neither the defender nor apologist of Gov-
ernor Reeder; he requires neither. I am aware
that the President of the United States has made
an effort—and that, too, of no ordinary charac-
ter—to stigmatize his appointee with dishonesty,
and to sink him as a politician and a man; but I
am also aware that no popular verdict has as yet
been rendered in accordance with the high exec-
cutive accusation. That verdict, thus invoked,
in my opinion will never be rendered. In point
of social position, moral worth, gentlemanlybear-
ing, legal learning, and general intelligence, he is
not one whit below that of the President himself.
Of that present and ephemeral importance which
power and place copfer he cannot boast, but in
this respect alone is his standing inferior to that
of his accuser. This is not the first instance,
however, in our history where a hasty and ill-
advised stroke from thenand of power has failed
to destroy the object at which it was aimed*. The
Senate of the United States refused to ratify the
nomination of a Yan Buren as Minister to the
Court of St. James, butan indignant people placed
the seal of their reprobation upon the official act,
and made him their chief. An arbitrary court
imposed a vindictive fine upon the hero of New
Orleans: the popular voice named him the head of
the greatest nation of the globe, and the Ameri-
can Congress restored the right of which he had
been deprived.
The character of Governor Reeder is unaffected
in his native State; whilst the recent action of the
Democracy of that State has exhibited an unwill-
ingness on their part to be further governed by
his denouncer, although solicited to be so. If
he is unfit for Governor of Kansas, then may it
truly be said that Pennsylvania has no son within
her borders who may be esteemed worthy.
Mr. Speaker, seeing that we have a clear right
to investigate the facts-of the present case, there
is but a single question remaining. Shall we rely
upon books, papers, rumors—which are com-
pletely pantamorphic—for our facts, or shall we
conduct our investigations with some respect to
decency and propriety ? This is no time, and
