1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
34th Cong 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Wakeman.
Ho. of Reps.
this no case, inviting us " to change true rules for
odd inventions." If we are constrained to con-
duct them by the former means, we will be
launched into an inquiry aa mysterious and im-
penetrable as the Iron Mask. Let us not so far
record a slander upon our judgments as to decide
we will wander in a labyrinth of conjectures in
search of facts. The investigation must be con-
ducted by the production of legal evidence: the
importance of the question at issue demands it,
the state of the public mind demands it, and the
sanctity of our frame of government demands it.
Sir, t am not wedded to the resolution reported
by the committee. I have no feeling or pride
which can bind me to it. I am willing to give
my support to any proposition which will effect-
uate the object I have in view. I have little faith
that a commission can be executed within the
Territory of Kansas. There are serious disor-
ders there, even at this moment, and an increas-
ing tendency to a state of actual war. The recent
proclamation of the President of the United
States warns us of the danger of a fresh invasion
of the Territory. An attempt to execute a com-
mission there would necessarily bring the warring
elements in contact, and of itself produce disas-
ters. The proposition of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Ddvm] will allow the committee,
which it con templates shall be raised, to sit outside
the Territory. Am I mistaken in this ?
. Mr. DUNN. The object of my proposition is
to clothe the committee with power to go where
it would be convenientfor the witnesses to attend.
Mr. HICKMAN. So I understand it; and that
the committee will not be bound to sit within the
Territory, if found inconvenient, from any cause,
to do so. I will then vote for it: I will not risk
a full investigation by standing on a sharp point.
I have not underestimated, Mr. Speaker, the
force of the opposition on this floor to any and
every measure having for its object the production
of facts. I know that a single vote may be of the
utmost importance, and I call upon those favoring
investigation not to sacrifice everything to a tri-
fling objection. Twenty-three centuries and a
half ago, Callimachus, standing on amount over-
looking the plain of Marathon, by his single vote
decided the progress af human civilization by
Agreeing to fight the Persians under Darius. Sir,
in my opinion, a single vote cast here to-daymay
produce the most stupendous consequences. It
may decide whether this. House of Congress is a
fair and impartial one, or whether it is reckless
and desperate. It may decide whether we will,
by the practice of equity, purchase a {jlorious
future, or, by denying it, blacken our coming his-
tory. The massy pillars of this Republic, though
strong as human ingenuity could.construct them,
may nevertheless be shaken—yea, they may be
crushed: Let us ever be mindful that it is alike
our highest duty and our greatest interest to supi,
port them, as by their overthrow we would be
compelled to suffer a common ruin.
POWERS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
IN CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES.
SPEECH OP HON. A. WAKEMAN,
QF ITETW YORK,
In hi House oj? R.epr£>je tatwes,
March 13, 1856,
Upon the report of the Committee of Sections asking for
power to send for persons and papers in the ease of the
Delegate from the Territory of Kansas,
Mr. WAKEMAN said:
Mr. Speaker: The course,of this debate within
the past few days has very much relieved me of
the. duty which I had imposed upon myself in
this discussion. Several gentlemen who nave ad-
dressed the House upon the resolution reported
by the committee have disposed of several of the
main objections which have been urged in oppo-
sition to it. T shall, therefore, Mr. Speaker, omit
what I designed to have offered for tne consider-
ation of the House upon those points—confining
myself to a brief statement of them and the
answers urged in reply—and then proceed to an
examination at large of the objections which
have juat been presented by the honorable gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] and which, as
it appears to me, are the only ones now remaining
Unanswered.
The Committee of Elections, in the perform-
ance of the duty devolved upon them by the
House, ask for power to send for persons and
papers. Unless there is some technical, legal
objection, the propriety of granting the request
will be apparent upon a brief statement of the
averments, as set forth in the memorial. They
are as follows:
1. That the law under which the sitting Dele-
gate claims to have been elected was passed by
a Legislative Assembly elected by non-residents
of the Territory, and in violation of the rights of
the citizens and of the organic law thereof.
2. That the law under which the sitting Dele-
fate claims to have been elected was void, having
een passed at an illegal and unauthorized place,
and in contravention of the organic law of the
Territory.
3. That the election under which the sitting
Delegate claims his seat was not conducted ac-
cording to the forms and mode prescribed by the
supposed law which, by its terms, authorized it.
4. That many hundreds of illegal votes were
polled at said pretended election by non-residents
and others; and
5. That A. H. Reeder was duly elected as the
Delegate by a large majority of the legal votes
fo the inhabitants of the Territory, at an election
held on the 9th day of October last, which he
proposes to show, was the only valid election held
in the Territory for that purpose.
Each of these averments are required to be
established by proof, and to accomplish this pur-
pose power is asked to send for persons and
papers.
But it is objected that this is unnecessary,
because Governor Reeder, by his own showing,
is not entitled to the seat, and therefore this
House will not inquire into the title of the sitting
Delegate, who has a prima facie right to it. To
this it is answered:
First. That it is not admitted that by his own
showing Governor Reeder is not entitled to the
seat. On the contrary, he expressly avers a right
to it by the only valid election held in the Terri-
tory for that purpose.
Second. But were it admitted that no such right
was shown by the claimant, it cannot therefore
be ar<jued that this House will not inquire into
the right of General Whitfield to the seat. Nu-
merous cases are to be found upon the records of
Congress where the House and the Senate, upon
their own motion, and without the presentation
of any memorial or petition whatsoever, have
instituted such an inquiry. Such was the case
of James White in 1794, and the case of Benja-
min Edwards in 1795, and also the case of James
Lanman in 1815, in the Senate.
Third. That the House, without objection, has
received the memorial, assumed jurisdiction of
the subject-matter, referred it to the Committee
of Elections, charged by your rules with its in-
vestigation, and that they nave long since entered
upon the performance of their duties. It is in-
sisted,, therefore, that it is now too late to raise
the question.
Each of these points, Mr. Speaker, were ably
and eloquently discussed, illustrated, and enforced
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kun-
kel,] and require no further attention at my
hands.
But it is again objected, that to send for per-
sons and papers is unnecessary, because Governor
Reeder, as Governor of the Territory, commis-
sioned, anjJ subsequently recognized, the Legis-
lative Assembly as a legally existing body, and
that he is, therefore, now estopped from showing
to the contrary.
To this it is answered, that Governor Reeder
is not before this House in his individual capacity,
but as the agent or representative of the citizens
of Kansas. The people of the Territory are the
parties asking this investigation. The doctrine
of estoppel is, therefore, entirely inapplicable.
The conduct of Governor Reeder, individually,
presents a question of consistency or inconsist-
ency, with which this House has nothing to do.
This Objection was pressed with great pertinacity
when first presented by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr Stephens;] but it seems to have
been abandoned by the gentleman himself, for it
finds no place in his minority report. Neither
did he claim in any respect to rely upon it in his
remarks submitted on yesterday.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is again objected, and ap-
parently with great confidence, that to send for
persons and papers would be whollylinnecessary,
because, in the investigation of this question, this
House acts in the capacity of a court, and should,
therefore, be governed by the same rules of law
and evidence which control those, tribunals in the
performance of their judicial duties; that your
courts have no jurisdiction, right, or authority
to enter upon such an investigation, and that,
therefore, this House has not.
Mr. Speaker, this is the argument of the gen-
tleman from Delaware, [Mr. Cdllen,] sustained
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,]
and yesterday taken up and enforced with all the
power and logical eloquence of the distinguished
fentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens.] Sir,
designed to have entered upon the examination
of this objection at large, in answer to the argu-
ment submitted on yesterday in its support; but
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] who
has just resumed his seat, has, in a most masterly
and conclusive manner, rendered any further re-
marks in refutation of this objection, an act of
supererogation. He has shown, in the most con-
clusive manner, that the whole argument was
based upon a false assumption, to wit: that this
House, in this investigation, was acting in a ju-
dicial capacity; whereas, the truth is,the question
is a purely political one, and has been frequently
so held by the highest judicial tribunal of our
country.
But, Mr. Speaker, although the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Davis] has rendered the friends
of this resolution material service in his triumph-
ant refutation of this objection, yet, in my judg-
ment, in the reasons which he has just assigned
for his opposition to the proposition to send for
persons and papers, he has fallen into errors as
extreme, ana far more dangerous, than those
urged by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
phens,] and in the refutation of which this House
has just been so highly entertained.  
The first argument assigned by the gentleman,
in brief, is as follows: That by the twenty-sec-
ond section of the organic law of the Territory,
it is required that " the persons having the high-
est number of legal votes in each of the Council
districts shall be declared by the Governor to bo
duly elected to the Council," " and the persons
having the highest number of legal votes for the
House of Representatives, shall be declared by
the Governor to be duly elected members of said
House;" that the Governor, under this statute,
did declare a majority of the Council and of the
House to be duly elected; that from this determin-
ation of the Governor there is no appeal; and
that the question was therefore res adjudicala, and
this House, and all other parties, forever barred
of all right to inquire into it.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the answer to this position,
in my judgment, is quite plain. By the Consti-
tution, this House is an established parliamentary
political body, and as such—both from the Con
stitution ana ex necessitate—has power to judge
of the election, qualification, and return of those
who claim seats upon this floor, either as mem-
bers or Delegates. The free and untramipeled ex-
ercise of this power is necessary to the independ-
ence, purity, and very existence of this body,
otherwise there could be no certainty as to who
were properly elected as its members* and any
intruder or usurper might claim a seat upon this
floor, and thus trample upon the rights, privileges,
and liberties of the people. Whenever an indi-
vidual presents himself at your bar, and demands
to be sworn in as a member of this body, or as a
Delegate from a Territory, it is in the power of
the House, by virtue of its inherent parliamentary
authority, to inquire from whence and from whom
he comes, and Dy what right he asks to be re-
ceived as a member or Delegate in this House.
The power to inquire into the authority of an
individual to be admitted upon this floor is
not circumscribed by any rule or any authority
