1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's mo-
tion; it and was disagreed to.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
standing committees for reports.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Are not the general
appropriation bills the special order of the House?
What is the course to be pursued with regard to
this order of the House?
The SPEAKER. The special order applies to
business in the Committee of the Whole on the
etate of the Union. Inasmuch as the House has
just refused to go into committee, the special order
has no application.
Mr. JONES. The order does not apply until
■we are in committee.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE OP CLAIMS.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am in-
structed by the Gommittee of Claims to ask to
be discharged from the further consideration of
various memorials and petitions which ought to
be referred to the Court of Claims, and to move
that they; be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the same committee,
moved that said committee be discharged from
the further consideration of thepetition and papers
of Pollard Brown, and that they be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the memorial of Ed-
ward Van Ness; winch was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Emma Bidoman; which was
read a first and second time by its title, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. G., from the same committee, moved that
said committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition and papers of John
Nash, and that they be referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee,
moved that said committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of the
citizens of Columbus, Franklin county, State of
Ohio, in behalf of Mrs. Martha Sanderson, the
widow of Major Sanderson, praying for a pen-
sion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, from the same
committee, reported back Senate bill to amend an
act entitled " An act to establish a court for the
investigation of claims against the United States,"
approved February 24,1855; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Jones,]
before leaving town, left in my hands the memo-
rial and papers of Anson B. Corvvin, for indem-
nity for moneys expended while he was acting
consul at Panama, with a request to report them
to the House, and to move their reference, I think,
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not exactly
understand the gentleman's motion.
Mr. MARSHALL. These papers were placed,
by the Committee of Claims, in the hands of Mr.
Jones, of Pennsylvania, and he was authorized
by the committee to make this report. Mr. J ones
placed them in my hands before he loft the city,
and asked me to make the report; but, as there
possibly may be some misapprehension about it,
I withdraw the papers for the present, until I can
consult some other members of the committee.
PASSENGERS IN STEAM VESSELS.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was referred
House bill (No. 92) entitled "A bill further to
amend an act to provide for the better security of
lives of passengers on board of vessels impelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses," reported the same back with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. W. said: I am directed by the committee
to ask that the bill be read, and put upon its pas-
Mr. PHELPS. Has it been printed ?
Mr. WASHBURNE.' It has not; but it has
been published in the newspapers.
I desire to ask the indulgence of the House a
moment before the bill shall be read. As will be
seen by reading the title of the bill, it is an act to
amend the steamboat act of August 30, 1852.
Experience has demonstrated that it needs some
amendment.
Mr. McMULLIN. What is the purpose of
putting the bill upon it passage now ? 1 object
to it.
The SPEAKER. The bill is reported from the
Committee on Commerce, and its consideration is
the first business in order; and it is not competent
for the gentleman from Virginia to object to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. 1 think I can demon-
strate to the House the propriety of action upon
this bill at this time. It is well known to all
gentlemen who have served in Congress hereto-
fore, that a committal of a bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union is equiv-
alent to killing it. I ask that the bill may be read,
and hope careful attention may be given to it by
the House. I will then ask for the reading of
the reasons for each separate amendment, as em-
bodied in the report on the subject, printed by the
Senate, and then I hope the House will consent
to act on the bill, without referring it.
I desire to state that, in view of the necessity
of the amendment of this law, the supervising
inspectors, under the act" of 1852, lately met in
this city for the purpose of suggesting such
amendments as experience has shown necessary,
in order to the more efficient administration of
the objects of the law. They met here, had a
session of two or three weeks, met sub-com-
mittees of the Committees on Commerce of the
Senate and this House, and after full considera-
tion the amendments have been agreed upon. !
The bill was submitted to the examination of the
Secretary of the Treasury, who approves it, and
the united concurrence of all parlies was, that
the bill finally agreed upon, and which I have
reported, was the one which should receive the
favorable action of Congress.
I ask that the bill and amendments may be
read, and then the reasons which the committee
assign for their amendments.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to say one word about
this matter. Probably, of all the legislation which
will come before this House, unconnected with
party politics, this is the most important; and I
wish to make a suggestion to the gentleman from
Illinois, and see whether it will not meet his ap-
proval. It is, that the House postpone the con-
sideration of this bill, so that we may be sure to
have action upon it, until some day next week.
In the mean time it can be printed, and when the
day fixed on arrives we can take it up and act
upon it. If that suggestion shall not be agreed
to, then I shall g(j with the gentleman from Illi-
nois in favor of having it acted upon now.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have no disposition
to force the action of the House upon this bill
now, but I want it in a situation where it can be
acted on. I was unwilling it should be sent to
the " tomb of the Capulets"—the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. I accede
to the suggestion of the gentleman from New
York, that its consideration be postponed until
next week, and that it be printed.
Mr. HAVEN. I move, then, that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until Thurs-
day of next week, and that it be printed.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no objection to its
taking that destination.
The question was taken on Mr. Haven's
motion; and it was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF SHEBOYGAN HARBOR.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am also
directed by the Committee on Commerce to report
back a joint resolution referred to thato^nmittee,
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute,
and I ask to have if pu t upon its passage.
The joint resolution was reported by its title,
as follows:
Joint resolution (No. 3) relating to the appro-
priation for the imprevement of the harbor at
Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
The resolution, which was read, directs that
the unexpended portion of an appropriation of
$10,000, made for the improvement of the harbor
at Sheboygan, by the act of Congress approved
August 30, 1852, together with "all the., works,
tools, implements, &c., belonging to the Unitetj
States, purchased therewith, Be—after "the Secre-
tary of War shall have paid all just charges-
against said appropriation—turned ovtrjto the
commissioners appointed by the State Wis-
consin, for the improvement of said harbor.
The Committee on Commerce report the same
back with an amendment in the nature of a'sub^
stitute, which is to strike out all after the enacting
clause, and insert as follows:
That after the Secretary of War shall have settled aiid
paid all just charges existing against the said appropriation
of $10,000, the balance thereof, together with all tools, im-
plements, materials, and other property whatsover, belong-
ing to the United States, shall be transferred or turned over
by the said Secretary of War, to the commissioners forthe
improvement of the said liaibor, appointed by the State
of Wiscon^n: Provided, That the said commissioners shall
firstgive sufficient security to the Secretary of War forthe
faithful expenditure of the money m the improvement of
the said harbor.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will state the reasons
which governed the Committee on Commerce in
reporting that substitute, and recommending its
passage;_ and I will ask, in the first place, to have
read by'the Clerk a letter from the Secretary of
War.
The letter was read, as follows:
War Department, Washington, March 13,1856.
Sir : I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter «f
the 7th instant, asking my views on a joint .resolution, of
which you inclose a copy, providing that the balance of the
appropriation for the improvement of Slieboygan harbor,
alter the payment of all charges against it, together with
ail tools, implements, &c., purchased for said improvement,
be turned over to commissioners appointed by the State
of Wisconsin.
In icply, I have to say niat this Department has no ob-
jection to Congress turning over the money and property
m question to any other agent.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF'N DAVIS, Secretary of War.
Hon. E. B. Washbcrse, Chairman Committee «  Com-
merce, House oj Representatives.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Congress,in 1852, mad*
an appropriation of $10,000 for the improvement
of the harbor of Sheboygan, Wisconsin. That
sum was deemed to be entirely insufficient to
carry out any improvement that would be of ser-
vice to the navigation and commerce of the lake.
The city and county of Sheboygan themselves
voted an appropriation of $50,000 for the same
purpose; and they went to work to improve the
harbor by extending out their piers. Afterwards,
the Government, with this appropriation _ of
$10,000, commenced building a couple of piers
out in the lake, a little way distant from those put
out by the city and county. It was found that
by the building of the piers by the Government
in this way, the harbor, instead of being improved,
was being veiy much injured, and the conse-
quence was that the work was entirely stopped.
Krom the unprotected situation of the harbor
now constant damage is accruing. The city and
county of Sheboygan made a proposition that it
would turn over their whole work to the Govern-
ment, so that it might all go on under one direc-
tion ; but the Secretary of War decided that he
had no authority to receive this work from the
city and county. No further work can be done
in the present condition of things there. A.s the
work now stands, one of the piers, being ill an
unfinished state, has received great injury. Sand
is driving into the harbor, and,.instead of the har-
bor being improved, it is in a much worse condi-
tion than it was some years ago, and before any-
thing had been done. The city and county of
Sheboygan, as I understand, do not propose ask-
ing for any further app(ropiiation from Congress
for the improvement of the harbor; but if this
amount already appropriated—the larger portion
of which ha's not been expended—be turned over
to them by Congress, they will undertake to build
and complete their own harbor themselves. The
Committee on Commerce saw no objection to that
course. The Secretary of War was addressed
on the subject, and his letter in reply has just
been read to the House. I hope it will be con-
sidered sufficient, and that the balance of th®
amount will be turned over, and that we may be
entirely rid of it.
Mr."McMULLIN. I think that the House
will have learned one important fact from the
views presented by the gentleman from Illinois,
and that is, that this appropriation ought never
to have been made. I think the House is bound,
