274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
formation of international law, international com-
ity, and commercial regulations, as well as such
judgmentytemper/anddiscretionas toenablethem
to compose difficulties suddenly arising between
the authorities of foreign Governments at various
ports or points, and our merchants or citizens, or
to prevent difficulties which may be threatened-.
Such services as these require a high degree of
fencral information and accomplishment—higher,
am sure, than is founc. in the body of officers in
any Navy in the world.
. - Again: how many naval officers would be com-
petent, by their habits of business, and other
attainnients, to take charge of one of the naval
bureaus ? This is a duty which a naval officer
may be called to perform. How many could do
prompt and efficient service on the Light-House
Board, to which some of our naval officers are
assigned ? How many could perform the duties of
those naval officers who are attached to the Coast
Survey? How many could perform promptly and
efficiently the duties which have been assigned
to Commanddr Davis, in the preparation of the
Nautical Almanac ? How many are capable of
performing the duties that have been assigned to
Lieutenant Maury at the National Observatory ?
How many are, in fact, capable of performing
efficiently and promptly all the duties of a com-
mandant at one of our navy-yards ?
, Sir, when you take into account all these duties,
and, besides them, the duties which may be as-
signed to the commanders of our squadrons 011
foreign coasts and in foreign seas, in times of dif-
ficulty, but very few would bo found capable of
performing all of them promptly and efficiently.
Can it be believed that the law consigns all who
are not competent for each and every one of these
duties, both ashore and afloat, to the reserved
list, or dooms them to be dropped from the rolls?
I do not believe you can find a gentleman who
voted for the law who had any such idea. If it
be the true interpretation of the law, that all
should be retired or dropped who were not com-
petent to perform the whole range of these duties*,
requiring so many high attainments, I would
respectfully submit to the honorable Senator,
that the Navy is liable to be deprived of the ser-
vices of a most respectable portion of its officers,
■who, from defect of early education and scientific
training, must fall below the standard of com-
petency presented by the law, as interpreted by
the naval board; but having sufficient knowledge
of the routine duties of their profession to navi-
gate their ships safely, sufficient knowledge of
naval tactics to maneuver them in battle, and
possessed, withal, of such intrepidity of spirit,
such robustness of constitution, and bearing on
their exterior the very impress of authority and
command, would be likely to rise to the first rank
as naval commanders and heroes in time of war;
and yet would be utter! y at a loss and confounded
if they were assigned some of the higher duties
which I have specified.
It would be unreasonable to suppose that any
one member of Congress who supported the law
had any conception that it would bear such inter-
pretation as to clothe the board with the power
to retire so efficient a class of officers as 1 have
described.
Allow mo, now, to call the attention of the hon-
orable Senator from Florida to the injustice ot the
proceedings of the board m another respect.
Many naval officers have been assigned duties
ashore 011 account of their being known or sup-
posed to possess peculiar scientific attainments,
higher attainments than are common, particularly
qualifying them for those stations; all of which
are more or less connected with, and necessary
to, the advancement of the Navy, and to promote
its efficiency. Can the propositionbe maintained,
that they should, by the order of the Government,
be first assigned to those offices—kept there for
a great length of time, twelve years, as m the case
of Lieutenant Maury, for the very icason that
they were supposed to be able to do more effect-
ive service to the NaVy and the country ashore,
than they could do at sea, or than others could
do in the stations to which they were assigned,
are liable under the late law to be placed on the
reserved list, and put out of the line of promotion
in tlie Navy, 011 the ground that they must be
presumed to have become incompetent to do effi-
cient service at sea? Because they have been
kept from going to sea by the order of Govern-
ment, and have been required to perform duties
ashore, must they be placed on the reserved list
and debarred all further promotion? Such a pro-
ceeding would seem to wear the appearance of
the consummation of a fraud on the part of the
Government.
The honorable Senator has stated that Lieu-
tenant Maury solicited the position which he now
occupies. I have heard differently, but that
cannot affect my position, for I am speaking of
general principles. 1 say it would have very
much the appearance of a fraud, to close the door
of promotion against him on the ground sug-
gested; at all events it woul4 be most unreason-
able, illiberal, and contrary to sound policy, thus
to i*c ward officers of the Navy for services so dis-
tinguished as have been those of some of tin gen-
tle me 11 who have been assigned duties on shore.
I cannot conceive that such was the intention of
the law or its true interpretation.
Now, Mr. President, what are the facts in re-
lation to Lieutenant Maury? He has actually'
served at sea between nine and ten years. I pass
over the statement of the honorable Senator from
Florida, that he desired to be relieved from sea
service; I suppose he meant temporarily relieved.
I have already stated that he was promoted to
a lieutenancy in 1837, and was then appointed
astronomer to an exploring expedition which was
to be under the command of Commodore Jones,
but which fell through 011 some account. He was
then assigned to the harbor survey service in the
South, in 1839 he applied for leave of absence
to visit Tennessee, for the purpose of removing
his aged parents to reside with him for the re-
mainder of their days. This was probably the
leave of absence of which the Senator spoke.
While in the discharge of that praiseworthy
duty, he was ordered to proceed with dispatch to
New York, in order to join a ship then fitting out
for sea. He was not ordered to sea afterwards.
I understand, however, that Lieutenant Maury
never applied for the situation which ho now
holds at the head of the Observatory; and it is
certain that he applied, during the Mexican war,
for sea service, which was denied him; and that
is a sufficient answer to the objection 011 that
head.
Now let us see, Mr. President, what there is
in the idea of the honorable Senator and those
who tlunk that Lieutenant Maury has not been
harshly dealt with. On what ground docs the
wisdom of the assignment by the board of Mr.
Maury to the reserved list stand? Is it 011 the
ground of physical disability? It maybe sup-
posed, from a letter which Lieutenant Maury has
published in connection with his memorial, ad-
dressed to Lieutenant Eiddle, that this was the
ground on which the board proceeded. Lieutenant
Biddle thought that there was another ground upon
which he ought to be excluded from the active
list; but it may be supposed that some members
of the board proceeded on the exclusive ground
of Lieutenant Maury's physical disability. His
physical disability was admitted from the year
to 1843-4. The order sent to him to pjo-
ceed to New York to join a vessel fitting out for
sea, was revoked 011 the express ground of his
disability; and m the year 1842, when he was as-
signed to the charge of the Depot of Charts and
Instruments, his disability for sea service still
continued; but for eleven'or twelve years past,
Lieutenant Maury has held himself fully com-
petent in point of physical ability to perform
efficiently service afloat as well as ashore. I
know very well that an officer whose leg has
been severely fractured or broken, and who is
lamed in consequence of it, cannot be supposed
to be as efficient as if he had never received such
an injury. He probably could not lead a board-
ing party and grapple an enemy's ship with as
much vigor and activity as if he were in full
possession of his original vigor of body. But,
sir, many of the most gallant eomuiandeis who
have distinguished themselves at sea have been
in the same predicament. I do not remember
any case of the kind in our own Navy, but we
all know, from examples 111 other navies, that the
loss of a leg or the loss of an arm does not dis-
qualify naval men from occupying their positions
as admirals and commanders m the fiercest battles
that have been fought. The gteut Nelson lum-
self, in his last great battle, had but one arm.
His presence was of more value than that of a
score of other officers to direct the battle, and to
inspire confidence and courage. 1 do not plead
that case, however, as a parallel with Lieutenant
Maury's; but I do contend that Mr. Maury's
physical ability was not so impaired by the frac-
ture of his leg a§ to unfit him for efficient service
at sea.
The member of the board who wrote to liim
assigning the disability which-he received by the
capsizing of a stage-coach in Ohio, as one ground
on which he was removed from the active list,
referred to thetsuit he had. instituted for dam -
a<res, alleging, as the ground of damages, his
disability to perform his professional duties at
sea. *
Lieutenant Maury, at the time he received the
injury, may have believed, as he probably aid,
that he was permanently disabled; but fortunately
the injury was not as gient as was imagined, and
in the course of three or four years, at the fur-
thest, ho recovered entirely. He is able to walk
without assistance, stick, or crutch, and he walks
very actively at that. If there was any doubt on
this point, why did not the board institute an
inquiry? "Why did they not have an examina-
tion by a medical board, or a surgeon of the
Navy, to ascertain whether Lieutenant Maury's
disability had continued from the time of the ac-
cident up to the period of the action of the board?
If they had been disposed to act on the suppo-
sition that he continued under any material dis-
ability, they could easily have ascertained that
fact.
Again: does my honorable friend from Florida
know that one gentleman who has been retained
on the active list has had his leg twice broken?
I am so informed, though 1 have not heard the
name of the officer, nor do I know the fact, bat
I have what I consider undoubted authority for
the assertion. If that be true, did that render the
officer in question incompetent to perform efficient
scrvice at sea? There are degrees of efficien-
cy, both mental and - physical, which must be
allowed in nil military and naval services, and 111
officers of the same grade.
What other ground or pretext is there on
which Lieutenant Maury could or may have been
retired ? There is the one which has already been
alluded to by the honorable Senator from Florida.
Jt is alleged that Lieutenant Maury ought to have
been placed on the reserved list because he had
not been to sea for twelve or fourteen years.
Mr. MALLORY. Sixteen years.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I think the Sena-
tor is in error in that statement.
Mr. MALLORY. The IGth of January, 1840,
according to the Register, is the last day when ho
was at sea.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Suppose it has been
sixteen years since Lieutenant Maury performed
any active duty at sea, does it therefore follow
that if he were assigned to duty afloat now, a
man of his active mmd—a man who has been
devoting his whole attention to subjects connected
with the naval service—a man of his untiring
energy and fine memory, having sufficient phys-
ical capacity, having already performed nine or
ten years active service at sea, can, in this period
of fifteen or sixteen years, have lost all the knowl-
edge of sea duty which lie once possessed? I
have already stated that when he was at sea ho
seemed to be so well informed of his naval duties
that, while lie was in actual sea servicc as a
passed midshipman, he published his treatise on
navigation, which became a text-book in the
Navy, and may be, for aught T know, the text-
book 111 the Navy to-day. Is it to be presumed
that such a man can have forgotten his duties at
sea? if so, then I wish my honorable friend
from Florida to consider how it happens that
other naval officers who have not seen sea service,
some of them for nearly or quite as long a period
as Lieutenant Maury, are not presumed to have
forgotten how to perform their duties at sea, and
have been retained on the active list? The truth
is, there cannot be found a sufficient pietext on
either of the grounds which have been assumed
for retiring Mr. Maury.
Again, as I have already intimated, if Lieuten-
ant Maury is competent to perform such duties
ashore as have been assigned to him, does the
law authorize the naval board or the President
to place him 011 the reserved list 011 the ground
that lie has not been to sea for sixteen years, 01
