1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 22,
in the first place, to come to that conclusion.
And, sir, it is not very improbable, from the
views presented by the gentleman, that Congress
will be called upon to remove the obstructions
produced by the employment of the appropriation.
That has been heretofore done in such cases.
Now, epir, it strikes roe thstwe ought to send this
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the'Union, -where we can have a full and free
investigation in regard to the matter. 1 am of
opinion that the Government ought to give a des-
tination to the surplus or remainder of the appro-
priation, for the improvement thusfarhas injured
this harbor. The people proposed that they
should turn over the balance of their appropriation
to us, and let us take charge of it. The Sec-
retary of War declined to do that; and now they
ask the Government to turn over the balance of
our appropriation to the commissi oners appointed
by the State of Wisconsin. Itoccurstome that we
had better give to this subject a thorough inves-
tigation. I therefore move its reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where we can have an opportunity of doing so.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will state this in reply
to the honorable gentleman from Virginia, who
saysand thinks that he has good reason to believe,
from -what I said, that this appropriation should
never have been made originally. I will state to
him that, if he examines the reports of the officers
who have charge of the works on the lake shores,
he will find that the harbor of Sheboygan is con-
sidered one of the most important harbors—as a
harbor of refuge—on Lake Michigan. It was
only last fall that the steamer Baltimore was lost,
with her whole cargo and several lives, because
the sand which had drifted in by reason of the
works started by the Government had filled up
the harbor so that she could not get in. X see no
reason why the House should not get rid of this
matter in the manner proposed by the Committee
on Commerce, and I move the previous question
on the third reading of the joint resolution.
The question being on the motion for the pre-
vious question,
Mr. WASHBURNE called for tellers.
Tellerswerc ordered; and Messrs. Washbukne
and Kelly were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes 93, noes 98.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main queslion was then ordered to be put,
being first upon the motion to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. 1 submit to the
Chair whether this bill does not make an appro-
priation of an unexpended balance? If so, it
must, under the rules, go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WELLS. I will inform the gentleman
from Tennessee that it does not make an appro-
priation. It is simply a joint resolution providing
for the disposition of an unexpended balance, if
the resolution is not passed, the money will be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of War
as was originally provided, and it will do nobody
any good. This is simply to provide that the
balance may be turned over to the parties having
charge of the other improvements in that harbor,
to be U3ed for the improvement of the harbor as
far as it goes. The only objection originally was,
that the appropriation was not half largo enough.
It was only $10,000, and more than half of that
has been expended.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the bill reported by the Committee on Com-
merce to be of such a nature as requires it to go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. It relates to an appropriation already
made.
Mr. LETCHER. In two years after an ap-
propriation has been made, the unexpended bal-
ance goesback again into the Treasury under the
law; and to get it out it must be reappropriated;
so thatl think this joint resolution virtually makes
an appropriation of money.
Mr. WASHBURNE. That is only in case
where no part of the appropriation has been used.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; that makes no dif-
fbrcucc ■
The SPEAKER, The Chair does not think
the joint resolution is of such a nature as neces-
sarily requires it to be considered in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to refer to the Committee of the
Whole on the "state of the Union.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 38, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Hendley S. Bennett, Burnett, Caskie,
Bayard Clark, Clingraan, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craw-
ford-, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmundson, Goode, Thomas L.
Harris, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kidwells Lake, Letcher,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Orr, Phelps,
Ready, Ruffin, Savage, Scott, Shorter, William Smith,
William R. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Vail,
Warner, Wheeler, Winslow, and John V. Wright—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Henry Bennett^Bowie,
Bradshaw, Brenton,Buffinton, Burlmgame, Chaffee, Claw-
son, Colfax, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy
Davis, Dean, Dodd, Emrie, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Hen ry M. Fuller, Galloway, Gidding«?, Gilbert, Green-
wood, Grow, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Hoffman, Holloway, Hughston, Kelly, Kelsey, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton,K.nox, Kunkci, Leitcr, Mace, Matteson,
MeCarty, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan, Morrill,
Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Paine, Peck, Peiton, Pen-
nington, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pringle, Puryear, Quitman,
Reade, Ritchie, Itobbins, Roberts, Robison,Sabm,Sandidge,
Sapp, Seward, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Thor-
mgton, Thurston, Trafton, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood,
Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Walker,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wells, Williams, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zoihcoffer—
99.
So the motion to refer was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Commerce.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded the
previous question on the passage of the joint res-
olution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WALKER (at three o 'clock, p. m.) moved
that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
FURTHER REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported back House
bill for continuing the improvement of the Rock
Island rapids in the Mississippi river, with an
amendment, and moved that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and be printed.
Mr. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, Task my colleague
to withdraw the motion to refer and print, in order
that I may submit an amendment to the bill just
reported by the committee. My amendment ap-
propriates $20,000 for the purpose of continuing
the improvements in the Illinois river, and I desire
that it shall go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and be before that com-
mittee for consideration with the bill of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I have been trying assid-
uously during the past week to get the floor to
introduce a bill to the effect of the amendment I
ask to have made, so that it might be referred to
the Committee on Commerce before it took action
on this subject; but I was so unfortunate as not
to catch the eye or ear of the Speaker. I expect
to leave the city on Thursday evening. This bill
may come up for action in the committee before
my return. My proposition will not then be pre-
sented in the shape of an amendment, or in any
other way. Therefore, to provide against any
such contingency, I make the request of my
colleague that he withdraw this motion to commit,
and allow me to offer an amendment to the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. With every desire to
accommodate my colleague, I will state what has
been the action of the Committee on Commerce
on this subject. That committee has determined
to report separate bills in each case. It has
refused to couple any together. Though I have
no objection personally to the amendment of my
colleague, still I cannot help seeing that to accept
it would be to violate the rule adopted by the
Committee on Commerce, and embarrass action
on the subject in the House. That committee
cannot get through with its reports to-day; and I
would suggest that, if my colleague introduces his
bill, and refers it to the Committee on Commerce,
it may be reported back to-morrow, and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; which will be the regular and proper way.
Mr. NORTON. I cannot have it introduced
at this time, unless by unanimous consent; and the
gentleman is aware that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] has announced here in his
place, that, until the Committee for the District of
Columbia have an opportunity to report in refer-
ence to the election laws of this District, he will
object to all business out of order; and before the
day arrives when the rules may be suspended for
the introduction of a bill, I shall be compelled to
leave the city.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I presume there will be
no objection to my colleague introducing, for
reference, the bill to which he alludes. *
Mr. NORTON. My colleague knows very
well that objection is made by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] to the introduction of
any bill, until the Committee for the District of
Columbia has had an opportunity to report, and
that I cannot now move a suspension of the rules.
He knows, also, that I was unable to obtain the
floor for the purpose of offering my proposition
in a separate bill, until after the determination of
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] had
been distinctly announced in the House. It is
for my colleague to say whether or not he will9
under the circumstances, accord me the courtesy
which I ask.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not doubt bnt that the
gentleman from Illinois and his committee have
pursued a proper course in reference to this sub-
ject; but I would suggest that the gentleman's
colleague be allowed to offer his amendment, and
the Committee of the Whole will determine the
question as to a majority of them seems best.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. NORTON. The gentleman cannot make
the call when I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman yields the
floor to members in every part of the House, he
will lose his right to it altogether.
Mr. NORTON. I have not yielded the floor
to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.]
It is so seldom I get the floor, that I propose to
keep it whileJ have it, until my object is accom-
plished.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I have not the least
objection to my colleague's bill.
Mr. NORTON. I do not say that my colleague
has the least objection to my bill, but he does
seem to object to the submission of my amend-
ment and its reference, with the bill and the com-
mittee's amendment, to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman is not discussing the question be-
fore the House, but is begging his colleague to
let him offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Illinois is in order,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. When the bill is
up for consideration in the committee the gentle-
man from Illinois can then submit his amend-
ment.
A Member. But he is going away.
Mr. JONES. I know that. If the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] withdraws his
motion to commit, and the amendment is sub-
mitted, then the question will come up in a better
shape than if the amendment were submitted in
manuscript in committee. The amendment, if
offered now, is not put on the bill; that is left for
the determination of the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. NORTON. That is all I have asked of
my colleague from the beginning. It is all I do
ask. I do not ask him to adopt or sustain any-
thing. I suggest no alteration in any of the rules
which the Committee on Commerce may have
seen fit to adopt. All I ask is that he will with-
draw his motion to commit, so as to afford me
the opportunity of offering my amendment, and
have it go with the bill to the Committee of the
Whole. The Committee of the Whole will then
adopt or reject it, as they see fit.
