1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
265
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Wakeman.
Ho. op Reps.
plete answer to this argument might be found in
the fact that this clause ofthe Constitution referred
to has no applicability to Territories whatsoever.
The argument is therefore inapplicable.to the case
under consideration. But, Mr. Speaker, assuming
it to be applicable, the gentleman misquotes the
Constitution. The Constitution does not give the
President the authority which the gentleman
claims. That, authority is vested in Congress, or
rather in the United States, for that is the term
used in the Constitution. The United States guar-
.anties to each individual State a republican form
of government. Before we can decide whether it
is republican or not, this House must inquire into
the nature and character of the government. We
are under the necessity of examining and seeing
whether the government is or is not republican.
Whenever we admit the representatives of the
people of a State into this body, the fact of their
admission is a recognition of the fact that the gov-
ernment from which they come is republican. It
is said that this body has no right to inquire into the
matteras a House of Representatives. I insist that
the gentleman is at faul t. The great Rhode Island
case of Luther vs. Borden, eta/., 7 Howard, page 1,
is against him. He quoted from the opinion of
Chief Justice Taney. I will read a portion of
the same opinion, which I think will show con-
clusively that the gentleman 's point is not well
taken, and that his doctrine is all wrong. In the
discussion of the question as to the power of the
Supreme Court, and the authority of Congress
ana each House, to pass upon the form of the
government of a State, Chief Justice Taney says:
" Under this aiticle (that which guaranties to the States
a republican form of government) of the Constitution, it
rests with Congress to decide what government is the es-
tablished one in a State. For as the United States guar-
anty to each State a republican government, Congress must
necessarily decide what government is established in the
State, before it can determine whetherit is republican or not;
and when the Senators and Representatives of a State are
admitted into the councils of the Union, the authority of the
government under which they are appointed, as well as its
republican character, is recognized by the proper constitu-
tional authority. And its decision is binding on every other
Department ofthe Government, and could not be questioned
in a judicial tribunal. It is true that the contest in this case
did not last long enough to bring the matter to this issue;
and as no Senators or Representatives were elected under
the authority of the government of which Mr. Dorr was
the head, Congress was not called upon to decide the con-
troversy. Yet the right to decide is placed there and not in
the courts."
The gentleman says the power is vested in
the President, and the President having exer-
cised it, we are concluded—the matter is then
beyond the authority of Congress to interfere.
He differs with the Chief Justice, who says:
" Undoubtedly, if the President, in exercising this power,
shall fall into error, or invade the rights of the people of the
State, it would be in the power of Congress to apply the
proper remedy. But the courts must administer the law as
they find it."
I submit that this decision of our highest judi-
cial tribunal is a complete refutation of the asser-
tion that, because tne President of the United
States has recognized the territorial government
. of Kansas, that this House is therefore concluded.
Sir, the doctrine is entirely without foundation.
We have a right, in the exercise of our duty in
determining the election of every member and
Delegate who enters that door and approached
your desk, Mr. Speaker, to ask whether he is
properly elected and comes from a proper gov-
ernment. If the President has decided that ques-
tion against us, or has subverted the rights of any
State or Territory, Congress and this House, so
far as it relates to the admission of members, has
full power to reverse that decision. That is the
doctrine of Chief Justice Taney and of the Supreme
Court.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. Do I under-
stand the gentleman to say that this single House
has the right?
Mr. WAKEMAN. This House has the right,
in determining the question just before it, to in-
quire whether the Delegate claiming the seat
comes from and represents the people and the
legal government of the Territory, as he alleges;
and so far! we have the right, and it is our duty,
to inquire jnto, and, if necessary, to reverse, the
decision of the President. Mr. Speaker, if it
were true that the Chief Magistrate of the Union
has entire and absolute authority to recognize any
government that he shall ple#te in any State or
Territory, independent of Congress, and with
force and arms to maintain that government thus
recognized, then I say the death-knell of this Re-
public has been sounded. But such is not the
doctrine ofthe Constitution, nor of the Supreme
Court.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Th^ powers of the
Executive are entirely to be exercised in seeing
that the laws are faithfully executed. If he mis-
I take or misapprehend the scope and intent of the
j law, Congress has the power to apply the rem-
j edy by a correction of tne mistake or misappre-
; hension. It floes not affect the obligation of the
Executive to see that the laws are enforced.
Congress applies the remedy by correcting his
misapprehension, not by straining his constitu-
tional power in seeing what is clear and unmis-
takable law.
Mr. WAKEMAN. Exactly so; and we should
proceed, so far as relates to tne Delegate, to cor-
rect the action of the President at this very point.
We say, or rather it ia alleged, that he has at-
tempted by nis message to recognize a govern-
ment in Kansas which has no legal authority upon
which to stand. Every government, to have
rightful existence, must exist with the consent
of the governed. There is a pretended govern-
ment in Kansas which seeks to control the peo-
ple of the Territory without their consent. It
is alleged to be a usurpation; under that govern-
ment an individual presents himself and demands
to be received by this body as the Delegate from
and under that government, charged to exist by
usurpation. It is alleged that the President has
recognized this government as legal, and that he
will employ all the power of the Executive to
enforce it. Now, I am for a free investigation of
these alleged facts, and if the charges are proved
to be true;, then I am for rejecting this Delegate,
and so far showing the President that this House
does not recognize the government which he has
Ereclaimed shall be enforced. I would not begin
y the introductionof a joint resolution to pass
this House, and then the Senate, to declare that
the President has erred in recognizing the Legis-
lature of Kansas; but when a gentleman, by virtue.
of the acts of that Legislature, asks to be received
'here as the Delegate of the people of that Terri-
tory—assuming the facts to be true—I would re-
ject him at once, and thus show the Executive
that this House would not sustain him in the
enforcement of a government not based upon the
consent of the governed.
Mr. Speaker, if the doctrine contended for by
the gentleman from Maryland were true, it would
be folly to pursue this discussion any farther. It
would be far better to lay the resolution upon the
table, and discharge your committee from the
further consideration of the subject. Sir, I have
felt it my duty thus far to vindicate the power of
this House in the performance of its duty in ref-
erence to this investigation. I have attempted to
show, impromptu, (for these objections have not
been presented until this morning,)
First. That the fact that the Governor of the
Territory had given certificates of election to the
members of that Assembly, and had recognized
them as such, did not preclude, in this case, a
complete investigation of that question by this
House; and,
Second, That although the President may have
recognized a usurped authority as the rightful
existing government in the Territory of Kansas,
this House is not, therefore, precluded from an
investigation of the question, but in judging of
the right of theDelegate to his seat, has full power
and is in duty bound to inquire into it. So much,
Mr. Speaker, for the arguments just submitted
by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.]
The resolution reported by the committee has
been declared unprecedented. Why, sir, during
the First and Second Congress the power to sendv
for persons and papers was given to the Com-
mittee of Elections by a standing rule of this
House. Subsequently, a statute was enacted
which dispensed with the rule; but that act was
finally repealed, and in the New Jersey case
special authority was given to the committee to
send for persons and papers. The same authority
was given in the Rhode Island case; and by the
standing rule in the British Parliament the Com-
mittee of Elections has power to send for persons,
papers, and records. It is not, therefore, unprece-
dented.
But, Mr. Speaker, aside from this House,
who are the parties interested in seeking and
desiring to have this whole subject investigated ?
Why, sir, the whole people of this nation are now
awakened to a sense of the great importance of
this question, and they are demanding at your
hands a full and complete investigation of the
whole case. If it is true that there is a usurped
government in that Territory, they want to know
it. If there is not, quiet their fears and assuage
their anxieties by determining the facts. What
say the people of Kansas ? They ask for an in-
vestigation. They come here by their agent, and
say to you that they have been overpowered and
overwhelmed by an invading and usurped au-
thority, and that they are deprived of the right
of self-government, guarantied to them by the
organic law of the Territory. _ '
And who resists this investigation? Why, sir,
the party at whose door lays the responsibility
of this state of affairs. I charge this Administra-
tion with being the perpetrators and instigators
of this whole matter. The Administration is the
party which, by every species of sharp practice,
has labored to induce this House not to give
authority to the committee to send for persons
and papers. They vauntingly say they court an
investigation; and yet, with the most untiring
industry, and every species of ingenuity which
the human mind can devise, they resist this in-
vestigation. Mr. Speaker, is this surprising?
Self-preservation is a law of our political as well
as of our physical nature. This Administration
j is seeking a perpetuation of its power—a renewal
i of its lease of authority. Of what vital import-
ance is it, then, that the vast catalogue of outrages
j inflicted upon human rights and human liberty,
j under cover and in consequence of the repeal of
I the Missouri compromise, should be withheld
I from the gaze of tne American people. Could
this whole chapter of our nation s history, with
! all its concomitant evils, be fully made known, I
j verily believe that its authors would be dismissed
> from power with a hearty unanimity unexampled
j in the history of the Republic.
] Sir, men, by the complexity of human affairs,
J are often placed in strange situations. The man-
i agers of this Administration, in the perpetuation
1 of their power, find it necessary to deceive and
mislead the people; hence this united, determined
effort to suppress the truth, and stifle or render
unavailing this investigation. They seem to
i forget the character of the people; that—as was
j once said upon the floor of the British Parliament
! —" they auger misgovernment at a distance, and
; snuff the approach of tyranny in every tainted
breeze."
Sir, who upon this floor will strike hands with
the "immortal seventy-five," to shield the Ad-
ministration from the consequences of an investi-
gation? Will Americans? Will they, who at
the commencement of this session, as a political
organization, were treated with scorn and con-
tempt by the Democracy of this House, now
become " hewers of wood and drawers of water"
for the Administration ? Will they kiss the hand
that smote them,and give their influence and votes
to shield it from impending condemnation? I
trust not. Sir, let the truth be known—let the
facts come out, and the people will see that justice
is done. I hear the name of New Hampshire
whispered. Yes! New Hampshire, notwith-
standing all the filthy lucre which has been gath-
ered up from your Government office-holders, and
poured like an avalanche over the old Granite State,
stands erect, ready to condemn the misdeeds ofthe
Administration—ofherownfavored, yet way ward
son. Mr. Speaker, I ask that the committee shall
have the authority they desire. I demand, in the
name of the people of Kansas, that this investi-
gation shall be had—that the whole truth and all
the facts in an authentic and reliable form shall
be spread before the American people; and if the
wrongs of the citizens of that Territory shall be
proved as they are alleged, then I submit it to the
judgment of the nation whether the sum of the
iniquities of this Administration are not unsur-
passed by those of any other which has existed
since the foundations of this Republic were
laid ? 1
