1876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
IN SENATE.
Friday, August 1, 1856.
Prayer by the Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain
to the House of Representatives.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Court of Claims, made in
pursuance of law, of the opinion of that court on
the claim of Letitia Humphreys, administratHk
of Andrew Atkinson, deceased, and of the decis-
ion of the court in favor of the claim of Mary
Reeside, executrix of the will of James Reeside,
accompanied by a bill for the relief of Mary Ree-
gide, executrix of James Reeside; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Brodhead, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a letter of the First Comptroller of the
Treasury, communicating, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, his report on the claims
of William R. Glover and Thomas W. Mather,
and their associates, referred by the seventh sec-
tion of the act of March 3, 1855, to the First
Comptroller for examination and settlement;
which was read, and, on motion of Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee, ordered to be printed.
PJ3TITIQNS AND MEMORIALS-
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Michigan, praying for the admission of Kansas
into the Union as a State with the Topeka con-
stitution; which was referred to the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of citizens
of Prairie Rondc, Michigan, praying for the ad-
mission of Kansas into the Union as a State, with
the Topeka constitution; which was referred to
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the memorial of
Ramsey and Carmick, praying indemnity for
losses sustained by them in consequence of the
failure of the Government to comply with its
contract with them lor the transportation of the
mails between New Orleans and San Francisco;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
0£ice and Post lloads.
Mr. HCJNTISlt ptesentcd a petition of John
Brannan and oiheis, laborers in the Department
of State, praying that the compensation now
allowed them may be continued; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
\V. A. BARTLETT.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented thn memorial
of Washington A. [Jarlleit, late a lieutenant in
the Navy, piaying that certain papers may be
ordered by the Senate to bo punted m connection
with the report of the Committee on Naval
Allan's on hi* memorial; which was read.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It will be recollected
that the committee who examined the case of W.
Bartlett, and put forth the evidence at large, did
so without giving any conclusions of their own
on the oubject. They say:
" The minutes of the evidence taken before the commit-
tee, and all oiInm p.iper* eon nee t< d with the examination of
the ea>e. ate herewith submitted moidei thai, it the Senate
should deem it expedient, tliey maybe punted with the
repoii.^
The Senate ordered the report to be printed,
of winch these papers were a pait. I llnd in the
piinteil copy of that repnit ihat many papers
have been omitted. Tiie object of tins memorial
is to bring the subject before the Senate; and 1
desire no*.v, that, in accordance with the original
order of fh" Senate, they nuy be panted as part
of, or an appendix to, the report. 1 have dutwn
up the following order:
RcsjIvuI the Semite. Upon the memotul tins day pre-
sented to th-' rViute by \\';ed,m^to!i -\. iS.utlett, tint alt
the p ip"i^ and dot une'nf ^ rein • t d to m ;-<nd memorial, and
pra\cd to !)•> punted n-> pait of, ot an appendix to, the
icport of the ('onuuifiee on iYaval Allans on hi-- i a^e, be,
and tli" - anc aie heieby, oi doted to be printed according to
tlic piayer 01 .-aid meinuxiaj.
I presume it was the intention of the committee,
ana the intention of the Senate, when they passed
the order for the publication of the repoit, to
include s.h the papers. They have not, all been
printed. 'Die most essential part of his defense,
andwjthit some documents which I think of
very high importance, are not printed.
Mr. FISH. I trust that the resolution will be
adopted. I rise not for the purpose of saying
aught in reference to this case, but, in the absence
of the chairman of the Naval Committee, and of
the member who made the report, to relieve the
committee from any imputation which seems to
be thrown upon them by the memorial of Mr.
Bartlett that has been read. I was not present
when the report was made, but I think I am not
mistaken in the fact, that the decision of the com-
mittee was to submit an abstract of the testi-
mony, and also all the papers. The instruction
of the committee was, that on the presentation
of the report they would simply ask for the
printing of the report and abstract, and leave it
for the Senate to determine whether the other
papers should be printed. There was no dispo-
sition on the part of the committee to suppress,
as might be inferred from Mr. Bartlett's memo-
rial, the publication of any portion of the papers
presented for his defense. I simply desire to
relieve the committee of the charge which he
seems desirous to throw on them, of wishing to
suppress anything which he supposes material
to his defense. They desire that he shall have
the benefit of all of it.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
RETORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 205) for the relief of West Drinkwater, and
others, reported it without amendment.
On motion of Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on l,en«ion<? be dtechanjed
fioni tlie luiilier consideration of the petition of t'aty Vass,
and that tdio have leave to withdiaw her petition and pu-
pe|,.
Mr. CWYER, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Anthony
S. Robinson, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 420) for the relief of Anthony S.
Robinson, heir and legal representative of John
Hamilton Robinson, deceased; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 135) for the relief of the representatives and
sureties of Robert King, deceased, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. ILUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (Ii. R. No.
153) making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending 30th June, 1857,
reported it with an amendment. He gave notice
that he- should ask fur its consideration on Mon-
day next.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred a petition of cit-
izens of Michigan in behalf of the children of
Thomas Fitzgerald, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 421) for the relief of the
children of Thomas Fitzgerald; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to bo printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was refeired a
message of the President of the United States on
the subject, reported a bill (S. No. 422) relating
to the transportation of the mails across the Isth-
mus of Panama; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
Mr. IJRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom were referred the following
bills, icported them without amendment:
II. R. No. 330. An act for the relief of John
Poe, of .Louisville, Ky.
H. It. No. 332. A n act for the relief of Calvin
Hall, assignee of William Jones.
II. R. No. 37. An act for the relief of Peyton
G. King, late receiver of public moneys at Mon-
roe, Louisiana.
II. R. No. 335. An act for the relief of Hen-
ry L. Robinson.
H. R. No. 334. An act for the relief of Wil-
liam (J. Cozzens.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire
whether it is expedient to require the fire-rooms of steam
vessels to be con&tiucted of fire-proof materials.
.BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. PUGH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained,leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 423) for
the relief of Caticarme M. Hamer, widow of the
late General Thomas L. Hamer; "which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. JAMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
424) for continuing the improvement of the har-
bor of Providence, Rhode Island; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
CREEK SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I now move, in ac-
cordance'with the notice I gave yesterday, to
take up Senate bill (No. 81) to provide for the
examination and payment of certain claims of
citizens of Georgia and Alabama, on account of
the losses sustained by the depredations of Creek
Indians.
The motion was agreed to;and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of War to
cause the claim of certain citizens of Georgia and
Alabama, for losses sustained by the Creek In-
dian outbreak in 1836,1837, and 1838, (according
to the statement exhibited in volume 6, Execu-
tive Documents, 1837 and 1838, No. 127,) to be
examined by the proper accounting officers.
It also proposes to authorize the Secretary of
War, without regard to existing rules and require-
ments, to receive such evidence as is on ille in the
Departments of the Government, and any further
proofs which may be offered tending to establish
the validity of the claims of the citizens of Georgia
and Alabama, upon the United States, for those
losses; and in all cases where such evidence shall,
in his judgment, prove the truth of the items of
the claims, or any part of them, he is to act in like
manner as if the proof consisted of such vouchers
and evidence as are required by existing rules and
regulations, touching the allowance of similar
claims.
Mr. YULEE. I have an amendment to offer
as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the claims for similar
losses dining the same and subsequent years in Honda be
also paid out of any money not otheiwi&e appropnated :
Provided, That the fact and amount of lo^s be fully proved
to the satisfaction of the accounting officers.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. I trust my friend from
Florida will not embarrass the bill by the amend-
ment. It is a case of long deferred justice. I
know he cannot be otherwise than friendly to the
bill under consideration, and I promise him that
when his bill comes up I will give it a thorough
investigation, and if it possesses merits, as I pre-
sume ft does, I shall not hesitate to support it;
but I tiust lie will not embarrass my bill in this
manner. It has been long before Congress.
Another reason is, that all the claims provided
for by the bill have been audited. There have
been appropriations for losses of this nature m
Florida, and if I am not mistaken there is an un-
expended balance of over $30,000 m the Treasury,
out of which the claims named m his amendment
may lepaid. 11 ts claims have not been consid-
ered by a committee of the Senate, and this bill
has been. I trust he will not embarrass my bill,
which has long been before Congress, and at the
proper time he shall have all that is necessary
from me to carry his bill through. 1 want mine
to stand on its own merits. Its passage has been
prevented several times in consequence of its being
connected with others.
Mr. YULEE. 1 cannot consent to part com-
pany with our neighbors from Georgia and Ala-
bama. Florida is very weak, especially in the
other House. There is an identical interest in all
j those three States. The claims arose under similar
circumstances and at the same time. The act to
which reference is made m the bill, was intended
to provide for all of them. I hope, therefore, no
objection will be made to the amendment which
I have offered.
