266
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 24,
34th Cons....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—-Mr. MiUson.
Ho. of Reps.
naval retiring board.
SPEECH OF HON. J. S. MILLSON,
OF VIRGINIA,
In the House or Representatives,
■March 24,1856,
On the motion t  reconsider the reference of Resolutions
of Virginia, disapproving the action of the late Naval
Board.
Mr. MILLSON said:
Mr. Speaker: The resolutions of the Virginia
Legislature, which I liad the honor to lay before
the House some days ago, disapproving the pro-
ceedings of the late naval board, were adopted
by both Houses of Assembly with extraordinary |
unanimity. In the House of Delegates there does
not appear to have been even a division; and in the
' Senate, the yeas and nays having been taken,
the first resolution was agreed to by a vote of 34
to 2, and the remaining resolutions were severally
adopted unanimously. It is, then, a source of
much satisfaction to me that, in the course which
I felt it my duty to pursue in introducing, some
weeks ago, a bill for the repeal of the law author-
ising this board, I have done no violence to the
opinions of the people of my State. That these
opinions will be carried into effect by the passage
of the bill offered by me I now propose to snow.
The provisions of this bill are few and simple.
It provides for the repeal of the law of the last
session; or, to speak more properly, as the law
has already been executed, for the removal of all
the restrictions imposed upon the officers put on
the reserved list, and for the restoration of the
officers now on that list, and of the officers placed
on the active service list, to the positions of grade
and rank which they had at the passage of the
law.
This repeal is proposed, air, not because the
law was in itself a bad one. I voted for the law.
I cannot say, as some have done, that I voted
for it without due examination and inquiry. I
voted for it deliberately, and after full examina-
tion and reflection, and after repeated conferences
with others in reference to it. There was nothing
in the law which increased in the least degree
the powers already possessed by the President
and Secretary of the Navy, in respect to any of
the proposed modes of reform. It contemplated
only that the efficiency of the Navy was to be
promoted by a dismissal of officers, or, by with-
drawing them from active service, either on fur-
lough, or on leave-oay. The President already
had the power of dismissal; and even the Sec-
retary of the Navy could exercise, and has
frequently exercised, the power of withdrawing
officers from active service, either on furlough, or
half-pay, or on full leave-pay,athis pleasure, by
simply declining to assign them to duty. The
law authorized the assembling of a board of fif-
teen officers to aid the President and Secretary
with their advice; but it did not need this law
to enable the President to convene such a board,
for he might at any time have done so without
this special authority.
It is not, then, on account of any intrinsic de-
fects in the law that I propose its repeal, but
because of the manner in which it has Deen put
into execution. It has been made to serve pur-
poses not only never contemplated by Congress,
but which have always been firmly resisted, at
least in this body. I was myself always a stern
and zealous opponent of a retired list for the
Navy. I saw no necessity, and believed there
was no justification for it. It is true that of late
years many complaints have been made and loud
clamor raised about unsoundness in the Navy,
and the need for some reform; but it was not
difficult to discover the causes, and sometimes
even to expose the motives, of this clamor. It
would be folly to pretend that, among a body
of eight or nine hundred men, there would not
be some incompetent from age or disease, some
turbulent, some dissipated, some dissolute; but
there was no just ground to suppose that the"
number of such cases was either greater or less
than at any former period. And I did not be-
lieve , as I took occasion to say two or three years
ago, that there ever was a time when there was
more professional skill, more zeal, more valor, or
more patriotism in the Navy than among the pre-
sent officers. There was diversity of qualifica-
tion, of course, but that is not only unavoidable,
but it is even desirable. Some would excel in
one branch of their profession, some in another;
! while others, though knowing something of all,
might excel it) none. The mere sailor might
look with some contempt upon the man of science;
while the man of science, in return, might de-
spise the more common-place qualifications of the
sailor Each would allow himself to murmur
occasionally about the necessity for reform, and
fancy that the efficiency of the Navy would be
promoted by getting rid of all those who did not
possess exactly the qualifications which he him-
self possessed. Sir, you cannot find equality of
talent in any profession or pursuit—-on the bench,
among the clergy, in the mechanic arts, in Con-
gress, or in the Navy. There is many a valu-
able Representative of the people who can never
rival Calhoun or Clay, and many a useful officer
of the Navy who never can be a Nelson.
There was one cause of this clamor which 1
regarded with less indulgence, and that was the
impatience of the younger officers for promotion.
It should be borne in mind that, until twelve or
fourteen years ago, the number of the officers of
the Navy was not limited by law. Promotions
the will of the
and ai
Presii
ippointments depended upon
dent alone. Large additior
additions would, from
time to time, be made to the Navy, and sometimes
beyond the real wants of the service. There was,
consequently, a progressive and even a rapid in-
crease in the number of naval officers. It would
be tedious to trace this increase, step by step, and
through the different grades. I shall show only
the increase in the number of captains and com-
manders. In 1814, there were but twenty-two
captains; in 1822, the number was thirty-one; in
1841, they had swelled to fifty-five; and the next
year they amounted to sixty-eight. In 1814, there
were only eighteen commanders; in 1622, there
were thirty-one; in 1841, they had increased to
fifty-five; and the next year they had reached to :
ninety-six. In this state of things, promotions
were rapid and brisk; and you heard few, if any,
complaints about unsoundness, inefficiency, or a
need of reform. Advancement almost kept pace
with expectation; and there was no necessity for
putting aside the senior officers to make way for
their juniors.
But the large number of promotions and ap-
pointments made during the first year of Mr. Ty-
ler's administration induced the passage of a law
by Congress, at their first session afterwards,
by which the number of officers was limited to
the number then in the service; and, indeed,
the number of midshipmen was directed to be
gradually diminished; so that from that time to
this the number of officers hew not only been sta-
tionary, but is even less now than it was then.
Since the passage of that law, promotions have,
of course, been very slow, and complaints have
been proportionably loud. Appointments can
only be made to fill vacancies, and vacancies do
not happen very often. It may be very natural
that, when the chance of regular promotion is thus
cut off, the younger officers skould sometimes
look with an evil eye upon their seniors, and com-
plain of their imbecility and inefficiency, and de-
sire to have them comfortably shelved on a re-
tired list; but they should remember that the
present stagnation is the result of the very meas-
ure which the officers of the Navy regarded with
so much favor at the time—the large addition
to their numbers made in 1841. I am expressing
no opinion as to the propriety of this addition,
but only tracing the connection between causes
and consequences.
Now, sir, I do not admit the justice of these
complaints. Officers have, strictly speaking, no
right to promotion when the public service does
not require it. No wrong isdone them,and there
is no violation of any contract with them. We
first ascertain how many officers in the various
grades we have need of. We fix the number of
captains at sixty-eight, and of commanders at
ninety-seven; and so long as we may have these
numbers, no one has a right to demand that he
shall be added to the list, merely because he may
have served many years in a subordinate rank.
No other contract is made with him hut that he
shall have the place to which he is appointed.
He takes the chance of advancement; but, if he
never gets it, it is only his misfortune. He may
think himself too old to remain as a lieutenant or
master; but if we have no occasion for his services
except as lieutenant or master, there is no obliga-
tion on the country to advance him to a rank in
which we do not want his services at all. A mer-
chant's clerk, after serving many years, may
think himself too old to remain in that capacity;
but if he should demand to be made a partner, the
merchant might well reply, " I want a clerk, and
if you please, you may continue my clerk; but I
have no need for a partner." A member of this
House, after serving many years, may consider
himself entitled to be advanced to the Senate; but
if he is never elected to the Senate, I cannot see
that any of his rights are invaded.
But, sir, it may be said that the good of the
country would be promoted by having the highest
posts in the Navy filled by younger men. This
seems to be the opinion of the Committee on
Naval Affairs of the Senate. I do not see how
we can well avoid placing the senior officers in
the highest positions; but it seems to me a little
inconsistent that the Senate committee, while they
complain that officers are kept in the inferior
frades till they are too old, should now and then
ave recommended the appointment of twenty
admirals or commodores to command our squad-
rons. These admirals or commodores would
doubtless be the twenty oldest captains; and then
the Secretary of the Navy, instead of selecting
from sixty-eight captains as he may now do, to
command our squadrons, would be confined to
twenty, and they the oldest in the service.
But, sir, in point of fact, the very thing that
these officers nave been asking, has practically
been done for them. We have had for some years
past a retired list, to all intents and purposes.
We have had sixty-eight captains and ninety-
seven commanders, not because we wanted the
services of that number, or perhaps half that
number, but because it was known that there
would always be, from some cause or other, many
whose services could not be given at the moment
they were called on. In order to be sure of get-
ting as many as you want, it is prudent to appoint
more than you want. Those who from age,
sickness, or other disability, are not called on to
perform duty, are £S much on a retired list as if
placed on a sepaxate list, called by that name.
And their places have been supplied, too, in effect,
by the promotion of other officers, who would
never have been appointed hut for the necessity
of having a number in each grade to provide for
this contingency of disabilities, permanent or
temporary, among those already appointed. If
they were worn out after a long life of useful
service, the country never grudged them a com-
fortable support. If they were broken down by
vice and immorality, the laws were adequate to
punish and dismiss them. It was unreasonable,
then, to aak that they should be, as it were, a
second tboe put oa a retired hat, and that thus
double promotions should be made to supply their
[place.
I have said, sir, that I regarded this cause of
elainor with little indulgence. I must confess
that the long continuance of this clamor did, at
last, impress me with the conviction that there
teas some unsoundness in the Navy, and that
there teas need of reform ; but that conviction was
that th« unsoundness existed and the reform was
needed among those who made the clamor.
It may be asked why, entertaining these views,
I voted for the law of last session ? My reply is,
that I had seen, for some years past, a disposition
to pass a law authorizing a retired list. Such a
bill, with its accompaniments of admirals, promo-
tions, new appointments increased expense, and
so forth, had several tines passed the Senate, and
I feared that at some future time it might receive
the sanction of this House also. This law pro-
viding for a reserved list was free from all these
objections; and as it really authorized nothing that
might not have been done without it, I voted for
it, m the belief that it would, atl east, put a stop
to the more objectionable schemes I had always
opposed. I voteiiforthelaw,notbecause I wanted
a retired list, but because I wanted to defeat it; not
because I desired to see the- consequences which
