1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April' 28,
John Randolph Clay, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read,
and passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William Foster, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
• be printed. The Senate proceeded to consider
the report; and in concurrence therewith, it was
resolved that the prayer of the petitioner be
rejected. A
Mr. PUGH, from the "^ftnmittee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the memorial of J.
L. Ellif tt, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill granting; bounty land to Jared L. Elliott;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
SAMUEL A. MORSE.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was recommitted the bill (S. No.
171) for the relief of Samuel A. Morse and others,
with certain instructions, reported the following
resolution in pursuance of the instructions:
Resolved, That the petition and accompanying papers of
8amue! A. Morse, tor relief for capturing a British armed
vessel and launch, with her guns, cargo, tacklo, and ap-
parel, be referred to the Court of Claims, and the residue
of said claim be referred to said court, to bo allowed if, upon
the principles of the special acts heretofore passed by Con-
gress in furtherance of the act of March 19,1814, the same
can equitably be allowed.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD subsequently said: I move
to reconsider the vote adopting the resolution
presented this morning, by the Senator from
Maine, referring a case to the Court of Claims
with certain instructions. Those instructions, in
my opinion, are violative of the act organizing
the court. I merely make the motion for recon-
sideration. It can be acted on to-morrow morn-
ing-
The PRESIDENT. The motion will be en-
tered.
HARBOR OF SHEBOYGAN.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Ccllom, their Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed a joint
resolution (J. R. No. ;j) relating to the appro-
priation for the improvement of the harbor of
Sheboygan, Wisconsin, in which they asked the
concurrence of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, the joint resolution
was read the first and second times by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
VISIT TO THE FRIGATE MERRIMAC.
Mr.MALLORY. Mr. President,atthe request
of the Secretary of the Navy, I have to say to
the Senate, that the frigate Merrimac, the only
one of the new frigates now in service, is at An-
napolis; and for the convenience of those mem-
bers of the Senate and House of Representatives
who may; desire to visit her, he has issued cards
of visitation to each member; and Saturday has
been fixed upon as the day which will probably
best suit the convenience of all. In justice to the
Secretary, I beg leave to say, that he addressed
an invitation to the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs last Saturday, for the same pur-
pose; but the acting chairman, the Senator from
New Jersey, (Mr. Tiiomsos,] being then absent,
it was overlooked, and not opened.
THREE MILLION BILL.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 124)
to increase the efficiency of the United States
Army. When the bill was under consideration,
some weeks since, Mr. Wei.i.er offered an amend-
ment, to add to the bill the following:
To be applied and expended in the following manner, to
For altering small arms of the old patterns, including those
$1 250 000 p0ssessl0n 01 the several States ai i Territories,
For sea coast and garrison guns, mounted, $000,000.
For manufacturing small-aims, ol new models, s-250 000.
For manufacturing small-ann accouterments. $100,000.'
For supplying ammunition for small-arms, $'150,00U.
For supplying ammunition for sea-coast, garrison, and
field guns, $450,0110. ' '
For increasing the capacity of the arsenals, $200,000.
Provided, That the President shall have povvei, should
he deem it advantageous to the public service and necessary
for the proper execution of the works mentioned, to transfer
the amounts designated for one  r more of those objects to
another of those objects.
The PRESIDENT. The pending question is
on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] to strike out the proviso of the
amendment of the Senator from California.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know that I have
any objection to that amendment, and the question
may be taken at once on the motion to strike out
the proviso.
Mr. COLLAMER. In order to understand
the application of that proviso, I desire to know
what are the purposes mentioned in the bill. Let
the bill be read.
The Secretary read the bill and amendments.
Mr. WELLER. The effect of striking out
the proviso is of course to confine the appropri-
ations to the objects specified, and not to authorize
transfers to be made from one object to another.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the chairman of
the committee whether he intends to press the
vote on the bill now?
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will not be put to the
vote now. The Senate is very thin. This is an
important bill. It has been taken up suddenly,
and there has been no notice that it was to be
taken up this morning.
Mr. WELLER. The bill was reported nearly
three months ago, and has been under consider-
ation for some time since.
Mr. HALE. All I ask of the Senator is that
it may lie over till to-morrow. There is hardly
a quorum present now.
Air. WELLER. I have no doubt that there is
a quorum about the building;.
Mr. HALE. There is hardly a quorum here.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Califor-
nia, as amended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the further consid-
eration of the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. i do not think we shall gain
anything by that. What assurance have we that
there will be more members here to-morrow than
are present to-day? If this bill be postponed, it
will only stand in the way of other business. My
friend from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] is complain-
ing that he cannot take up his river and harbor
bills. I do not wish to have so much unfinished
business on hand. I would rather have the action
of the Senate now.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone this bill until
to-morrow, for the reason that this is an import-
ant bill, and the Senate is exceedingly thin. There
are Senators absent, who, I think, would like to
record their votes against it. I shall make no
speech against it, but shall content myself with a
negative on the yeas and nays, if I can have them
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STtJART. I hope that we shall dispose
of tins bill now. Let us vote on it. We are
doing great injustice to ourselves by taking up a
subject and acting on it for a few minutes, and
then postponing it, and thereby interfering with
other business equally important.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Senator from
California will remember that some days since I
intimated that I should give my assent to the bill
when it should assume the proper form of specific
appropriations. That was at once acceded to by
him, and it has been put in that shape.
There *vas another point which I stated, and
upon which I think the Senate should have some
information. I allude to the question whether it
is necessary to make so large an appropriation as
$1,000,000 or $1,250,000 in one year for the re-
pair or alteration of the stock of small-arms now
on hand in our various armories and on deposit
with the States. It occurred to me then, as it
does now, that this is a larger amount than can
be properly demanded for that service during the
present year. I do not see that there is any pro-
priety ii^bppropriating a larger sum than can be
reasonably and properly and economically ex-
pended within the year. The honorable Senator
from California knows that there is not likely to
bo any great demand for these arms within the
year. I admit that when they commence the
business of altering these arms'—converting the
old fhnt-lock into the percussion-cap lock—they
had better go on; but the question is whether
they can properly expend $1,000,000 or $1,250,000
before the next session of Congress. I believe
the honorable Senator from Virginia, who is at
the head of the Committee on Finance, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] concurred in the idea that that seemed to
be an unnecessarily large appropriation for the
present. However, if any explanation can be
given to show the propriety of making an ap-
propriation as large as $1,250,000 at this time for
this purpose, I shall acquiesce of course. •
Mr. WELLER. I have no personal knowl-
edge, of course, which would enable me to an-
swer the question, whether $1,250,000 can be
profitably expended during the year, or not. I
have been compelled to rely on the head of the
War Department. I have received information
from him that this amountcan be profitably used
in the preparation of these arms during the pres-
ent year. There are five hundred thousand old
muskets in the public arsenals, and there are
three hundred thousand in the hands of the re-
spective States—making eight hundred thousand
in all.
The additional expense of putting a new lock
on these muskets, and rifling them, is from $3 25
to $3 50 each. The Senator can very readily
make his calculation, that, if any respectable part
of the arms now in the hands of the States be
returned for the purpose of having this improve-
ment made on them, even a larger amount ef
money could be properly expended. I have seen
these guns tested a few days ago, since the bill
was under consideration before. I have seen
them fired at a range of two hundred, of five
hundred, and of nine hundred yards. I regard
it as one of the most effective weapons that I have
ever seen during my life. It carries a different
ball from that carried by the old musket; and,
with the rifling and Maynard's primer, it is, in
my opinion, one of the most effective rifles I
have ever seen. At a distance of five hundred
yards, it can be shot with great certainty. I will
not undertake to speak of the manner m which
the firing at nine hundred yards was done, be-
cause I think that is too great a range for it.
We desire, sir, that this weapon should be
gotten ready during the present year. As I have
said before, it is not a war question at all; we
present this bill as a peace question. I think the
country ought to have a sufficient quantity of
arms to arm its citizens whenever it may be
necessary. So far as the Secretary of War ia
concerned, I have his positive assurance that this
money can be expended in the improvement of
that arm during the year.
There is another fact which I wish to mention.
The old musket required one hundred and ten
grains of powder for a load. After it has been
rifled in this way, it only requires sixty grains—
it only consumes a little more than one half the
amount of powder which was consumed by the
old musket, in getting a range of nine hundred
yards.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope it will be
perceived by the Senate, and particularly by the
honorable Senator from California, that my ob-
jection was not to the alteration of these arms,
nor did I question that very great improvements
might be made upon them by rifling, as well as
fixing the percussion cap to the locks. It is
unquestionable that great improvements can be
made. My query was, whether it was possible
that all these arms could be repaired within the
present year, before the next session of Congress,
when we may make an additional appropriation?
There is no doubt that contracts could be entered
into for many million dollars to be expended in
these improvements—the manufacture of ord-
nance and the repairs of these guns—if we had
the guns. The question is, whether it is neces-
sary to appropriate so large an amount at the
present session of Congress? But, sir, 1 am not
disposed to press the point further; I shall not
detain the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I regret exceedingly that the-
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
thinks it his duty to press the bill to a vote this
morning. I had hoped that he would consent to
its postponement until to-morrow. I object to
the bill for many reasons. One is, that I think
this appropriation is entirely unnecessary. It ia
exceedingly strange that such an appropriation as
this should be wanted as an extraordinary appro-
priation, outside of the regular estimates of the
War Department; because it is not part of the
annual estimates which the head of tha Depart-
