1856.
impropriety in my saying a few words in refer-
ence to this subject.
No moro delicate or difficult question iscoming
before the Senate than the one which wc are now
considering. We have already heard complaints
of the law under which the action of the naval
retiriny board took place, and Senators, m their
places^ have apologized for having voted for it.
Some have intimated that they voted without
proper reflection, an%d that no proper opportunity
was given for consideration. I voted for the law,
and f have no such excuses or apologies to ren-
der. I voted for the law because officers of the
Navy of every giv.de besought me, and besought
me most earnestly, to vote for it; and my expe-
rience, I dare say, was the experience of almost
every Senator on this floor. Pending its consid-
eration, officers of every grade, from commo-
dore down, to an acting midshipman, besought
their friend)? here—at least I was so besought—
to give it their support. I was reluctant to do
so, because I apprehended that difficulties would j
grow out of the execution of the law. When; \
there wasso much unanimity in favor of the meas- j
ure, 1 could but foresee that there was no one on j
the whole Navy list who expected to b<> dropped j
or retired. Every officer, from the lowest to the S
highest, was looking for promotion. 1 foresaw |
that when some were dropped, and some fur- I
loughed, and some retired, dissatisfaction would
spring up, and thatthe offieersthus dealt with, by
themselves and through then- friends, would come
here and complain of having been harshly treated.
For these reasons I was reluctant to vote for
the bill which was passed into a law establishing
the naval board. I voted for it, however, at the
earnest and unanimous solicitation of officers of
the Navy. So far as my intercourse with them
extended, no officer of the Navy, of any grade,
ever intimated to me, in the slightest possible de-
gree, that the law ought not to be passed. I have
no reproaches to enter against myself or others
for having sustained the law. As to the manner
of its execution, that is another question.
I am not here, sjr, to censure the naval board
indiscriminately, and upon the complaint of e\ ery
man who chanccs to have been dismissed, retired,
or furloughed, and especially when we have not
heard a solitary word frpm the board itself; and
I confess that I am getting somewhat, impatient
when T see your table morning after morning
crowded with complaints, reflecting more or less
upon a board composed, m my opinion, of as
honorable men as the country or the world has
ever produced. They may have made mistakes—
doubtless they have: but hear before you strike.
Let your own committee investigate the question,
and make its rcpoit; and upon that report let the
judgment of the Senate be pronounced.
A few words, now, as to the condition of the
question as it stands. The law, according to my
judgment, has been executed. Gentlemen speak
of repealing the law. Well, sir, suppose the
effects of its' execution were even ten tjmes worse
than they are alleged to be, how much difficulty
would you relieve by repealing the law Ortam
gentlemen have been dismissed from the luaal
service; the President has stricken their names
from the rolls; they arc out of the Navy. Sup- J
pose you were to repeal the law, will you thereby |
restore such men to commissions ? Unquestion-
ably not. Suppose you repeal the law m refer- j
enee to those who have been furloughed; what J
will be the consequcnce of that? They have been ;
furloughed in obedience to an act of Congress,
pnd the repeal of the law will not take them oU
the furlough list and put them into active service.
Congress has no right to pass any law appoint-
ing A, B, or C to office ? G< nileinen who have
been stricken from the rolls are out of the service,
and if you sit here and legislate till doomsday,
you could not, in my opinion, legislate them ui.o
the service. This is no new question; it has
already been decided. If Congress haa had the
power of appointing men to office, it would have
made a provision declaring that Geneial Scoit
should be Lieutenant General. But you had no
such power. It was conceded on ell hands that
you had no such power. It was also conceded
by everybody that you had no power to pass a
law requiring the President to nominate General
Scott as Lieutenant General. You only hud the
power to pass a bill creating that rank, and then
the President, in the exercise of lus duties as
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
improperly from the service
the aetiofifcf the late '
Executive of the United States could nominate
him if he chose, and the Senate confirm him if it
chose. You have no right to legislate back again
into office the gentlemen who have been dismissed
from the Navy. -Whether their dismission was
rightful or wrongful, is not the question. The
question is one of constitutional power.
I hold that all these appeals to Congress to
legislate gentlemen out of difficulties into which
they have, in some cases, been legislated at their
own solicitation, are out of place. I shall be
very glad to contribute whatever may be in my
power to relieve those who have suffered injus-
tice. If any man has been unjustly dismissed
from the service, I am willing to hear his peti-
tion and to consider his case; I am willing to
extend to him nil the relief that is in my power;
but we cannot ignore the question as to < he ex-
tent of our power. "What have we the right to
do in reference to the case as it is now presented ?
—that is the question. Admit, if you please, that
injustice has been done—that all these complaints ,
arc well founded. What can you do? Some one |
says, "lepealthe law." Very well, suppose you
do; does that restore the dismissed officers? You i
might as well talk of restoring a mail to life by i
repealing the law under w'ueh he was executed! ■
The. law is executed, and is a dead letter on the !
statute-book—as dead as an Egyptian mummy;!
and the officers dismissed are as far out of the i
service as if they lnid never been in it. What (
can you do? I recur to that question. j
It seems to me, with all due deference to the '
judgment of other gentlemen, that the Secretary ;
of the Navy himself, in his report, has intimated i
a step m the right direction. Withoi.it underlak- j
ing to state precisely what he means or what is j
his plan, I may venture to suggest that it maybe 1
this: that whenever vacancies occur in the ser- i
vice by death, resignation, dismissal, or other-1
wise, they shall be open to be filled by the nom-
ination of gentlemen who have been dismissed
consequence of 1
board. For example: if"33, i
on the active list, shall >es:gn, oi die, or be dis- :
missed, then A, who has 1 eni .improperly dis- :
missed under the o^ration of this law, may be ,
nominated by the President to take the place, and ;
thus be restored to his rightful position in the
service—a position from which it wdl thus have i
been admitted he was improperly discharged. 1
Unless we approach th" question in some such 1
form as that, I am at a loss to see what we can do.
Even admitting that all the complaints winch
naval officers make, and all that are made by their
friends on this floor, be true, you have no power
to compel the President to nominate any one of
the dismissed officers to the Senate. If you un-
dertake to suggest to bun that he ought to do it,
and especially if you undertake to direct him to ,
do it, he would probably take the bit in lus mouth,
as I am sure he ouudit to do, and r- fuse to do it.
But, unless he dees nominate these men m the ;
mode J have suggested, how are you to get them i
back into the service? According to my under- 1
standing of the law, there is but <me vray of re- 1
stoung th^m to the service, and that by a nom-
ination from the President and confirmation by ,
the Senate. _ _ ;
I shall not go injo a discussion of cases of in- 1
dividual merit or dement; but 1 should do injus-
tice to mvself if I djd not say that I thn;k the
Senator "from Florida, [Air. Mallout,] the
chairman of the Committee on Naval All.urs, has
taken the true position, so iar a-; the nidsvaiuel
case presented by the distinguished Wmiator fiom
Tennessee is concerned, i em sui^ T should be
as slow as any Senator or us any citizen of the
Republic, to deny to Lieutenant Maury any Jion^r
which is hi.>. That he has contributed 1 >!•'•< iy to
science, that he h.ts reflected credit upon our
common country. I am as ready to admit as any
one here or elsewhere, and i am as proud as any
Senator that it is so: but when you passed this
law, what did you mean' 1 take it for granted
you meant what you said—that you wen: passing
a lav/ to promote the efficiency of the -Navy. Es
the efficiency of the Navy to be promoted by
ha\ii)g one man on shore for hnlf a life-time,
; pursuing scientific studies, and at the same time
| remaining in the line of promotion in the "Navy,
| while another of equal grade is encountering the
1 dangers of the Atlantic ocean, or the diseases m-
! cident to the coast of Africa, or is doubling the
Cape of Good Hope, or is penetrating the dcy
northern seas? Is the man who happeas-to be
next to Lieutenant Maury on the list to be kept
back through all after time from- that promotion •
to*which his.sea service justly entitles* him, be-
cause Lieutenant Maury happens to be distill- -
guished in scientific pursuits, but who happens
also to have no particular distinction as a Seafar-
ing man ? ; 1
I understood, most distinctly and particularly",
when I voted for the law, that we were to ao *
something which was to encourage' our naval
officers to, pursue their profession in its fair, legit-
imate line—something whi^Ji was to give them
hope of promotion if they fairly won a title to
promotion in the proper discharge of their pro-
fessional duties. I did expect that those who
had for a long series of years remained on Shore
in scientific or other nursuits, however honorable
they might be, would be removed out of the way,
so that those who were in the active pursuit of
their profession might have an opportunity of
rising in proportion to the service they hod ren-
dered. I am not, therefoie, disappointed that
Lieutenant Maury has been placed' upon the re-
served list with full pay. His position gives him
an opportunity to pursue his scientific studies to
his heart's content. He can add to that immense
reputation which he already has, and which I am
as proud as any other American to feel is yet a
growing reputation; and he will no longer stand
m the way of the promotion of those who are en-_
gaged in active sea-life. When I voted for tho '•
lav/, 1 anticipated just that sorf of result, and 1 •
feel some surprise that Lieutenant Maury should  
desire, without encountering any of the risks or •
hardships of the to stand m the way of those
who do. 3f he takes the honots of civil life, let
the mariners have those that belong to the sea.
Not am 1 more disappointed in the case of Com-
modore Stewart. I know the history of the gal -
lint old Commodore, and as an American I am
proud of it. I am proud of all his naval achieve-
ments, and of his glorious services, but I did
anticipate thai a man of his great age would be
removed from active serviee, and honorably re-
tired. Sir, gentlemen must excuse me when I
say it. The idea never crossed my mind that
retiring these gentlemen was the slightest possi-
ble* rejection upon their honor. If I could sup-
pose that placing Commodore Stewart upon tho
reserved list wasari flection upo.i his professional,
or upon his pr> vale 'diameter, I would be as ready
to denounce the proceeding as any other man;
but I have never so regauled it, and do not so
regard it now. Commodore Stewart has been
almost literally worn out in the serviee of hi a
country, and does it follow that ho is dishonored
bc-ausfi his country prefers the services of a
younger and more active man? I know that
the old Commodore has the true rn:g of the metal
nihim. J know that lie is true game. Redoes not
appreciate the idea that he has grown old, and that
1ms position at the head of tho Navy may, in tho
judgment of younger men than himself, impair-
tin. efficiency of the service; but it is for that
reason alone—because he has been literally worn
out m' the service of bis country—that he has
been honorably retiied. No rejection on I113
honor was contemplated; no indignity was in-
tended. No man living regards him as less hon-
ored by his country or his countrymen to-day
than he was tins day twelve months ago. This
proceeding cannot, by any possibility, in the
judsrment"of the m, n of this day, or in thejudg-
,1m nt of postTky. reflect the K-.jight^wt discredit
! upon Commodore Stewart. The same maybe
| said of Lieutenant Maury, and of other gentle-
men .
] A great deal has been said in the Senate and
I out of ii about tins having been y -eerct and in-
! ' " Mr. President, you a.nl
of all kinds;
! quisnuriai proceeu;
j 1 are opposed to secret meet::
| you and 1 pi\ fer open fear dealing; but I can see-—
' and I think if other gentlemen would look at this
| thing calmly th '\ would s~e—many reasons
j whv this investigation ought to have b)eii secret.
I "Wilde many gentlemen prefer. that whatever in-
j vest)gation occurred m toward to teem snouhl be
i open, then4 may be. there doubtless are, many
1 o'hers who would prefer that the investigation
i should not be quite- so public; and as neither -ne
1 public interest,'" nor any other interest, was to
,! be subserved m any high degree by an open
