278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
.proceeding, it was better to have it secret, than
to wound the sensibilities of those'who did not
choose to have tneir private affairs publicly in-
vestigated. If the public opinion were directed
in the proper course, it seems to me that the
sound judgment of the country would be, that,
in the absence of all evidence to the contrary, it
must be assumed that none were dismissed for
dishonorable conduct, or for conduct which was
disreputable as gentlemen. 1 am not willing to
investigate the causes of every mail's dismissal.
I will inquire into no man's private conduct,
without I am bidden; but I give notice to all the
world, that if officers of the Navy, or' others,
come here and demana investigation, I will give
it to them; and if they find transactions paraded
before the world that had better slept in secret,
it is their fault, not mine.
I am willing to believe that no man has been
dismissed the servicc for base conduct of any
kind.
Why assume, under the language of the law, that
a-ny man has been dismissed for dishonorable con-
duct? There are many other reasons pointed out
in the law for which he may have been dismissed
or retired. Why not assume that he was dis-
missed or retired for some one of these? Age is
one; infirmity another; incapacity, not brought
upon himself by bad conduct, another; none of
these are dishonorable—incapacity arising from
th§wantof an earnest pursuit of his profession,
as another cause for retiring or dismissing officers.
Retiring, or even dismissing for such acausc,
would convcy no reflection upon his personal
honor, but it would simply show that the officer
did not like his profession, and therefore had not
pursued it with the eagerness necessary to the
highest degree of efficiency. When you can find
so many reasons in the law itself why officers
should be retired, or furloughcd,or dismissed the
service entirely, that reflect no discredit on them,
it is passing strange to see it assumed that all
who are displaced are thereby dishonored. For
myself, I am perfectly willing to believe that those
who have been dismissed from the service are, m
all the relations of private life, quite as honorable
now as they were when they occupied positions
on the active service list. 1 am so, because 1 can
see a hundred reasons fairly deducible from the
law itself why they ought to have been dismissed,
which do not reflect at all upon their honor as
gentlemen. I am therefore slow to take the view
of this case which other gentlemen have taken,
that those who have been dismissed, retired, and
furloughed, have been m some degree dishonored.
The proceeding was private, and it is therefore
assumed that reflections on private character were
cast or meditated—verily, tne wicked flee when
no man pursues. The man who is strong in his
own conscious rectitude ought not to be so easily
alarmed as to the judgment that others may pro-
nounce upon him.
But I did not rise to discuss this question at
any considerable length. I think this matter can
be so arranged as to carry out the objects of the
law, in promoting the efficiency of the Navy, and
at the same time guard the innocent and merito-
rious against all injustice. This may be clone,
as I intimated before, by the Executive declining
to fill vacancies in the servicc by regular promo-
tion, and leaving them open to be filled by the
nomination and confirmation of such dismissed
officers as ha^e been improperly dealt by. This
may be done. If the Senate acts in concert with
the Executive, I feel assured this will be done.
If any gentleman can surest a better remedy, I
shall be glad to hear it. The plan commends it-
self to me in this, that all who get back will do
so on their merits, and not under the smoke cre-
ated by a general emeute raised against tl\e
law.
I am not going to vote to put things back to
where they were before the law passed. We
have no power to do that, and I would not do it
if I coula.
After sixteen or seventeen years' constant
complaints from naval officers of every grade,
that there was inefficiency in the service; and
after Congress and the Executive have united in
declaring that the Navy did need reformation, I
am not now going to stultify myself by pro-
claiming on the record that no reform was ever
necessary, and that I will therefore undo all that
has been done, and go back to the beginning. I
am willing to give relief as far as I can whenever
justice demands it, but I want it understood that
every case must stand on its own merits. This
general outcry against the naval board will not
move me one jot one way or tho other.
If errors have been committed, as doubtless
they have been, I will do whatever is in my
power to repair them. If any man has been un-
justly dismissed, I will do anything in my power
to restore him to his proper position; but I will
hot, at one move, restore to the Navy, by my
vote, all the materiel that hag been cast out of it,
good, bad, and indifferent.
Naval officers may have persuaded me into an
error; they may have persuaded me to believe
that there was inefficiency in the service when
there was really none; but I listened to their com-
plaints, and brought my mind to the conclusion
ihat there was inefficiency, and that pruning and
lopping off were necessary. I listened to the
various and successive heads of the Navy Depart-
ment, and heard the same story. The whole
country became full of that complaint. There
was a universal belief that reform m the Navy was!
necessary. You have had the reform, and. nowj
you have as universal complaint against it. If\
we believed all that we hear in this Chamber we
should bo brought to the opinion that there was"
not a solitary man in the Navy who was not per- \
fectly efficient, afloat and ashore, and that, there-,
fore, nothing in the way of reform was necessary.
I do not believe that story, and I do not mean to
vote as if I believed it.
Mr, BUTLER. Mr. President, if I were to
be silent under the present circumstances, I
should do injustice to friends who have commit-
ted their memorials and petitions to me. I pre-
sented some of them this morning, which ought to
have been presented before this time. The reason
why I delayed their presentation has already
been stated to the Senate. I am sorry that we
arc precipitated into a discussion without having
the necessary information upon which to form a
responsible opinion. Two or three gentlemen
have been selected, and their cases nave been
prominently presented to the Senate. Allow me
to say that there arc other cages of hardship; and
we .should be caieful when we are dealing with a
class of men who think they have suffered from
a jurisdiction which is dangerous in any point of
view. I express that opinion without regard to
the fact whether 1 voted for the law or not; and 1
say here now, it is inconsistent with the spirit of
the age, it is certainly inconsistent with the great
principles of Magna Charta and the Constitution
of the United States, that any officer shall be im-
peached upon rumor.
Now, sir, so far as regards the jurisdiction which
has been conferred on the naval board, I am not
induced to arraign them, because I think it very
probable that they have endeavored in good faith
to confine themselves within its scope; but sup-
pose it should turn out, upon a fair inquiry, that
they have gone beyond the limits of tneir juris-
diction, or that, in pursuing the course, marked
out for them within their jurisdiction, they have
disregarded the common dictates oi justice,—is
there no redress? J say that in regard to any
boaid, whether with open doors or with closed
doors, I would invoke the spirit of the divine
remark, " Doth our law judge any man before it
hear him and know what tie doeth?"
Sir, I speak with givnt. delicacy on this subject,
because I know the president of this board, who
is a respectable, intelligent, and honorable con-
stituent of mine, and I believe that he would cut
off his right arm sooner than do willful injustice.
I have no right to say how he voted or how any
member of the board voted. I had other friends
on that board, and I would be the last man to
substitute by conjecture what ought to be brought
before us by evidence. We are here arraigning
them as we allege they have arraigned different
officers, without proper information. I am not
one of those who are disposed to do so; and I rose
now simply to say that if, upon investigation, I
find that this board, acting under a derivative au-
thority, have violated that authority, or have dis-
regarded the jurisdiction conferred on them, I can
maintain, as a lawyer, before this body, that their
proceedings are void.
I do not know how I voted upon the bill to
establish this board-, nor does that make any
difference. I presented some petitions this morn-
ing on the subject. One of the gentlenfen whose
petitions I presented thinks injustice has been
done to him, and that if he had been tried by a
court-martial, the sentence would not have been
so consuming as it is, when he has been indicted,
convicted, and removed on rumor. He is will-
ing to have an investigation. Here permit me
to remark to those who would avoid suspicion,
let them avoid the public view; but if they are
willing to encounter the fires of an ordeal where
justice shall preside, give them an opportunity,
m God's name, to do so. I do not believe that
in England or in Russia any board would have
assumed a jurisdiction of this kind, unless it had
been conferred upon them; and if it has been con-
ferred on them, and they have construed it
into an amplitude of power which was not in-
tended, I would restrict them as far as possible.
I would say, if they have not pursued the power
which legitimately belonged to them,'their pro-
ceedings are void. I do not undertake to say
that will be my opinion, for as a Senator of the
United States I shall not undertake to give an
opinion without investigation. I know it has
been said that mercy to the individual is justice
to the public, but because a sentence comes with
the high authority of a board of this jurisdiction
it docs not deprive it of its force. Like the dag-
ger that is encircled with flowers, it cuts as
sharply as if it were naked.
I have formed no judgment on this question.
If on investigation I shall find that the law has
been executed in good faith, whilst I would drop
a tear upon the decision, and whilst I would
mourn that my country lias indulged itself in a
proceeding inconsistent with the spirit of the age
and the Constitution under which I live, I shall
abide by it. I am sony that this discussion has
arisen. I was not prepared for it. I think we
have boon precipitated into the discussion with-
out our having the information necessary for us
to form any adequate judgment upon the subject.
There are other persons besides Lieutenant Mau-
ry—men who have served their country well and
faithfully, and have been dismissed without a
trial, or at least without a hearing.
The Senator from Mississippi has said that it
was no objection to this board that its proceed-
ings were sccret. Is it possible that there could
be objection to allowing them to serve a notice
upon an individual whose sentence they were to
pronounce? Would it be objectionable to give '
him notice of the charges that were made against
him, and take him into private consultation and
examine them? I do not agree with those who
would contend that such a naval board or court-
martial should be conducted apcrtis foribus alto-
gether; but I do say that, wherever rumor has
reached and degraded a man, he has a right to
complain of the tribunals of his country by which
it has been done.
The condition of my voice will not allow me
to proceed further. I am sorry that I have said
thus much. I can assure the Senate that I have
formed "no judgment on the subject; for, in at-
tempting to do justice to the individuals who
have committed their cases to me, I will not do
injustice to the board, because I believe there were
as honorable men on it as ever graced the history
of any country.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, my own
opinion concurring with that of several Senators
to whom I have spoken on the subject, is, that
this debate is entirely out of order. It has arisen
on the presentation of a petition, without any
proposition whatever being before the Senate.
The debate has already been lengthened consid-
erably. The same subject has before occupied
us for several days, and we are, I think, as near
^a conclusion upon it at the present time as we
ever shall be m its present attitude. Certainly,
so far as the debate of to-day is concerned, it has
been an invasion upon other business. It is im-
possible for gentlemen to present petitions with
which they are charged, while a debate of this
nature is going on. 1 think the Senate is not dis-
posed to indulge it longer to-day, and for the
sake of expediting the public business—business
of a pressing and important nature—I move that
the Senate now proceed to executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned to Thurs-
day.
