1004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
The Secretary read it, as follows:
• Resoivei, That the notice which has been given by the
President to Denmark, pursuant to the resolution of the
Senate of the" 3d of March, 1855, to terminate the treaty
with that Power of the 26tn of April, in the year 1839, is
sufficient to cause such treaty to terminate and be annulled
to ail intents whatsoever, pursuant to the eleventh article
thereof, am! that no other or JjHrtUer act of legislation is
necessary to putaa end to said treaty,as part of the law of
the land.
Mr, MASON. I do not myself contemplate
debating or speaking upon the ■question, unless I
shall think it necessary fronjpiything that may
fall from those who may disagree with the resolu-
tion; but at any rate it is a matter of moment that
thecottstraction which has been questioned should
be settled by the Senate, for the matter is pending
between the two Governments. I ask,therefore,
that it may be made the special order of the day
for to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Chair, and, if I have understood a previous
ruling of the Chair aright, I shall object to making
this question the special order for to-morrow, at
half pasttwelve o'clock. I believe that the action
of the Senate generally has been this: When a
subject is made the special order in the morning
hour, it expires with the morning hour, and other ■
special orders fixed for one o'clock take its place,
unless the Senate, by a vote, direct otherwise. I
understood the Chair, however, to hold the other
day that a special order fixed for half past twelve
o'clock would supersede orders which were
made for one o 'clock, without any vote of the
Senate. If I am right about that ruling of the
Chair, I must object to this proposition, because
it has been the general understanding that, after
the Senator from Texas shall have made his ad-
dress to the Senate,-! shall call up the bills making
appropriations for the improvement of rivers and
harbors. That I design to do to-morrow, at one
0 'clock; and I must object to a special order being
made for half past twelve o'clock, if I understand
the ruling of the Chair correctly. If not, it will
make no difference.
The PRESIDENT. The order appointed for
half pasttwelve o'clock takes precedence,under
the decision of the Chair, for the day for which
it is made the special order.
Mr. STUART. Then I object to making this
question the special order for that hour to-mor-
row, and X hope the Senate will not agree to
the motion, and thereby postpone the river
and harbor bills for a week, or nobody knows
how long. I will agree that this resolution shall
be postponed until half past twelve o'clock to-
morrow, and be then considered; but I am not
willing that it shall be made the special order,
Mr. MASON. I am utterly unaware of any
general understanding that precedence should be
given to bills referred to by the Senator, of which
there is a very numerous class—eleven of them,
1 think, from the State which he represents—over
other business of the Senate, without the judgment
of the Senate as to the relative importance of the
measures.
I have said, and I repeat, that I have no pur-
pose to debate this resolution. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] has said that he
will offer an amendment and ask to be heard upon
it. As far as I am concerned, it is possible, per-
haps probable, that I shall deem it necessary to
reply; but I shall rely chiefly on the report itself
as the best vindication of the resolution. At any
rate, it cannot occupy more than an hour, if it
Will consume that much time; and its considera-
tion therefore can have the effect of postponing
the bills about which the gentleman is so urgent,
probably for half an hour. I hope it will be the
pleasure of the Senate to make the report and
resolution in relation to the Danish Sound dues
the special order for half past twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. IVERSON. If the motion of the Senator
from Virginia should prevail, and this question
should be made the special order for half past
twelve o'clock to-morrow, it must necessarily
consume several hours. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts desires to address the Senate, and
doubtless there will be other debate upon the sub-
ject. Now, there is a question before us which,
1 think, is of more importance than that. I do
not suppose that there is any pressing necessity
for the immediate consideration of the Sound dues
question, as it is called. I do not understand that
it is absolutely necessary for the convenience and
interests of the Government that we should 'act
upon it instantly. I trust, therefore, the motion
will not prevail.
I give notice to the Senate, that it is my de-
termination to press them every day, when I
can get an opportunity, to take up and consider,
and finally act upon, the resolutions which I intro-
duced some time ago, proposing to institute an
inquiry into the action of the naval board. That
is a subject which, I think, demands the attention
and the earliest decision of this body. If a special
committee is to be appointed at all for the purpose
of inquiring into the action of the naval board, it
is proper that it should be appointed at once—the
sooner the better, because that committee ought
to be going on with its investigation.
I shall insist on that proposition being consid-
ered and disposed of by the Senate before any
other special order shall be made to take prece-
dence of it. For that reason, I shall vote against
the motion of the Senator from "Virginia—with
reluctance, I admit; but I do not consider that
the question which he proposes to have made the
special order for to-morrow is one which it is of
very great importance to consider and decide
now; and the question in relation to the naval
board is of importance.
Besides, 1 expect to leave the city during the
latter part of next week, to be absent two or
three weeks,and I desire to have the question on
my resolutions as to the naval board decided be-
fore I leave. I think it important that we should
act upon that question; the Senate should at least
determine whether a special committee is to be
raised; and, if it is to be raised, let that commit-
tee go on with the investigation. If the Senate
should decide not to raise a special committee,
but intend to impose the duty of investigation on
the Committee on Naval Affairs, it is important
that that action should be taken soon, because
the committee ought to be going on with the in-
vestigation. The session is wearing away—it
will soon bo at an end; and, unless we take care,
(if we go into the investigation at all,) long be-
fore it shall have closed the Senate will have
adjourned.
Mr. MASON. Let us take the vote.
Mr. IVERSON. Very well.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. STUART. I move to amend the motion
so as to postpone the consideration of this subject
until Monday next.
Mr. MASON. I shall be absent on Monday.
I hope the motion of the Senator from Michigan
will not be agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will first put
the question on postponing the subject until Mon-
day, and making it the special order for that day.
- Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays;
and they were not ordered.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 15, noes 14.
The PRESIDENT. There is not a quorum
voting.
Mr. MASON. There is no doubt a quorum
present. I hope Senators will come in and vote.
Mr. SEWARD. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
The PRESIDENT. The Senate has already
refused to order the yeas and nays.
Mr. ALLEN. I again ask for them.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. Before the vote is taken, I
wish to explain what might be misunderstood in
consequence of what fell from the Senator from
Virginia. He referred to what I said as to an
understanding in relation to the bills for whose
consideration I am desirous. Sir, the Senate,
weeks ago—I think as many as six—made the
river and harbor bills the special order, and the
understanding to which I alluded was this: I have
consented to lay them aside from time to time to
oblige certain members of the Senate. I have
consented that speech after speech might bo made
on the Kansas question,and on various other sub-
jects. I have consented to indulge the Senator
from Texas who has the floor for to-day. That
special order stands now the first, except the bill
that was under consideration this morning; every
other special order in the Senate is second to it.
Now, it is not a question of courtesy, but it is a
question of right, so far as the vote of the Senate
is concerned. I hope that we shall be able to dis-
pose of these bills to-morrow; I believe we can do
it. If not, at all events we can do it to-morrow
and Monday.
The proposition of the Senator from Virginia
is to make a special order for twelve and a half
o'clock to-morrow, which must necessarily post-
pone those bills for a week; and that is the reason
why I interpose, and propose to postpone this
resolution until Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. I am with the Senator from
Michigan in favor of the river and harbor bills.
I desire action upon them as soon as possible. I
have thus far voted with him, constantly I believe,
in taking them up, and I shall vote with him on
'their final passage; but let me say to that Senator,
that those bills may wait easier than this question
in relation to the Danish Sound dues. The treaty
with Denmark is held to have expired on the 16th
of this very month—a week ago last Monday—
and at this moment there is a question as to the
legality of the notice by which it was terminated.
That question involves important public consid-
erations and private rights. I say, therefore, that
question cannot wait; but the river and harbor
bills can wait, and hence I am for the immediate
consideration of the first question. *
Mr. CASS. I wish to correct what I think is
a misapprehension of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts. I understand that the executive Govern-
ment has consented to a prolongation of the treaty
until some time in June.
Mr. SUMNER. But the question is, what is
the effect of that act of the executive Govern-
ment ? It makes it so much more important that
we should consider it at this time.
Mr. CASS. If the executive Government has
withdrawn its objection, the treaty remains, of
course.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is whether the
executive Government has any right to withdraw
the objection?
The PRESIDENT. The hour has arrived for
the special order, and it will have to be taken up
unless otherwise directed by the Senate. The
first special order is the Kansas question.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. IVERSON. In order to allow the Sen-
ator from Texas the opportunity of going on
with his remarks on the subject of the action of
the naval board, I move to postpone all prior
orders in order to take up the resolutions on that
subject which I submitted sometime ago, together
with the bill reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following reso-
lutions, submitted by Mr. Iverson on the 29th of
February:
Resolved, That a committee of Senators be appointed
by the Chair, with power to send for persons and papers,
and that said committee be, and are heieby, authorized and
instructed to summon before it the membeis of the late
" naval retiring board," or such of them as may be conve-
niently brought bcfoie the committee, and examine them
upon oath as to the facts and evidence, grounds and rea-
sons upon which the action of said board was founded in
each case of the officers recommended to be put upon the
rftuedlist, or dropped from the service ; and that said com-
mittee be further instructed to inquire and obtain any other
facts which, in their opinion, may bear upon the cases
aforesaid, and report the same to the Senate.
Jlnd he it further resolved, That said committee be au-
thorized and instructed to advise and consult with the
Piesideuf of the United States in relation to the cases of
said retired and dropped officers, with the view of contact-
ing any error or injustice which may have been committed
by the action of said retiring board, by the reappointment
or restoration by the President of such officers as may have
been unjustly or improperly retired or dropped.
The PRESIDENT. On this question the Sen-
ator from Texas is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Before the honorable
Senator from Texas proceeds with his remarks,
I would be obliged to him if he would allow me
to make some explanation in connection with the
subject on which he wishes to address the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I yield with pleasure to give
the Senator an opportunity to make his explana-
tion.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It will be remembered,
Mr. President, that, some days ago, a vindication
or explanation of the conduct of Captain Strib-
ling was presented to the Senate by the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler.]
The particular object then was to vindicate the
captain from a statement made by certain inspect-
