£68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 24,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Million.
Ho. of Reps.
principle that between the highest officer and the I to place them there. No injustice, then, can
lowest private soldier, sailor, or citizen, there ^ possibly be done to the country from the passage
should be the least possible distance, consistent of my bill; while full opportunity will be afforded
With proper efficiency of administration. But if    - — '
we are to have a higher grade in our service than
that of captain let us rise by degrees. Why
should we leap over the intermediate grades of
rear admiral and vice admiral, and go at once; to
admiral, which is, I believe, the highest in the
British Navy?•
But it seems one admiral alone will not suffice.
We are to have other admirals—in title, at least,
if not by commission. The fifth section of the
Senate bill provides, that " captains in command
of squadrons shall be denominated flag officers."
This is only another name for admiral. What,
indeed, is a fla  officer but an admiral? This is
the title of all fne admirals in the English Navy,
and it is confined to them. If our captains com-
manding squadrons are to be denominated flag
officers, they must of course be allowed a flag,
which is the symbol of an admiral's command,
instead of the broad pennant they now display;
and then you will fin a them addressed in official
correspondence, as well as in common speech, by
the title of admiral. It would be wrong, indeed,
not to address them by that title, for they would
have a legal claim to it. How long after this
•would it be before the rank would be created by
law, as well as the title ?
Sir, I would not object to the grade of admiral
if it were a necessary part of our naval establish-
ment, any more than I would have objected to
the title of lieutenant general conferred upon
General Scott, if I had believed it to be a neces-
sary part of our military establishment. I think
it was improperly bestowed upon him, because
the wants of the service did not require it. I
•would not create an office for a man. Offices are
trusts for the people; and I will not create any
office, however humble or low, for the mere sake
of any man, however meritorious and illustrious.
I object, then, to this proposed title for Commo-
to repair all the injustice done to meritorious and
capable officers. As to those who have been
dropped altogether, we cannot legislate them into
office. The President alone can correct any injus-
tice that may have been done to them.
I am aware that it has been doubted by one
or two in the Senate, whether the officers on the
reserved list arc still in the Navy. This seems to
me a verv extraordinary doubt. They are un-
"questionably in the Navy. The object of the law
was simply to ascertain who were capable of per-
forming duty, and who were incapable. Tney
were to be placed on two separate lists. The in-
capable officers were to be put on a reserved list,
only in distinction to an active service list. They
are counted as officers, they are classed as officers,
they are liable to orders equally with other officers.,
ana they receive just as mucn pay as the officers
on the active service list of the sante rank, and in
the same condition. How are they put out of the
Navy in being placed on one list, any more than
the other officers are put out of the Navy in being
placed on another list? Does not the law make
them equally " subject to the orders of the Navy
Department at all times for duty?" Does it not
require them to be placed on the reserved list " in
the order of their rank and seniority?" If they
are out of the Navy, what rank would they have—
what seniority would they have ? If they are out
of the Navy, why are not their places supplied?
Why, because the law expressly declares tnat the
aggregate number of officers shall not be increased;
and the President cannot make a single addition
to the Navy to supply the place of any officer put
on the reserved list. Some restrictions have been
imposed upon them, it is true; but they are re-
strictions put on them as officers, and these I
propose to remove. A former bill of the Senate,
creating a retired list, did, indeed, expressly pro-
vide that the retired officers should be "out of
dore Stewart. It is not that it is, in itself, an aris- ' the Navy," but as my colleague [Mr. Bocock]
tocratic distinction. The title of admiral woul4 very correctly said last session, there is no retired
not be more aristocratic than the title of midship- ' list in the present law, and that provision in the
man, if both were necessary parts of our naval | former bill was altogether omitted.
establishment; but the title of admiral, and that
of midshipman, would both be aristocratic dis-
tinctions, if conferred as mere marks of honor,
and without any exaction of public service.
But, sir, what would be the effect of passing my
bill, and placing the officers back in their former
positions? Why, in the first place, it would do
immediate justice to all those officers—and I be-
lieve there are very many of them—who were im-
properly withdrawn from active service, and put
on the reserved list. This would be a sufficient
inducement, in itself, even if it temporarily re-
stored to the service list those who may have been
rightfully put on the reserved list. Where an
unjust sentence involves the innocent with the
guilty, it would be monstrous to insist upon its
execution, merely because a temporary respite
might otherwise be secured to the guilty. Nay,
sir, an unjust sentence ought not to be executed
even upon the guilty alone. But gentlemen need
not fear that the passage of my bill would even
have the effect of necessarily restoring incapable
The President has not, and of course will not,
! make any additions to the Navy in place of those
put on the reserved list; but he has given com-
missions to junior officers, and nominated them
to the Senate for appointment to the rank and po-
1 sition held by those who are on the reserved list.
I confess, sir, I see nothing in the law which
required, or which authorizes, this proceeding.
It is with unfeigned diffidence that I express the
opinion; but, after bestowing a good deal of reflec-
tion upon the subject, it still seems to me that the
President's nominations to the Senate, to fill the
vacancies which he supposes to have been cre-
ated by transferring officers to the reserved list,
were improvidently made.
It is true that the law speaks of " vacancies;"
and this expression might well mislead those who
' gave it only a cursory consideration. But it does
i not speak of vacancies in the Navy, or in the ur-
I vice, but only of " vacancies in the active-service
| list.'' It says: " Vacancies created in the active
service list by placing officers on the reserved list
officers to active service. It would not take from shall be filled by regular promotion in the order
the Treasury one additional dollar, though I think
it would save many. The officers on the reserved
list are receiving either full-leave pay or furlough
pay, according to the decisions of the board.
Suck of them as are receiving full-leave pay, and
are actually incapable of performing duty, from
age or other cause, would get no more after the
passage of the bill introduced by me than they
do now. Being incapable, they would not be
called on to do duty; and they would be, as 1 have
already shown, practically on a reserved list,
except that their feelings would not be unneces-
sary wounded by placing them on a separate list,
and thus telling them that they are worn out and
worthless. As to those officers who are receiving
furlough pay, and who have been justly and prop-
erly reduced by the board, they can, even after
the passage of my bill, be immediately put on fur-
lough by the President or by the Secretary of the
Navy. If they cannot render service he will not
call on them. If he thinks they were justly put
on furlough it will be his duty, under former laws,
of rank or seniority." Here the word is obvi
ously used as signifying a deficiency—a deficiency
in the proper number of persons on a particular
list, and was not intended to imply that those
withdrawn from that list Would vacate their offices
or commissions so as to allow them to be taken
j by others. It is just as if a law should provide
that a vacancy in the post of first lieutenant of a
particular ship should be filled J>y promoting the
second lieutenant to that position. There would
be no vacancy in the office, and no necessity for
granting the second lieutenant a new commission, 1
or nominating him to the Senate. It is but the
designation of a particular person who is to be
advanced to the performance of the higher duties
of a position above him, when the person who
filled it can no longer perform them.
: This word " vacancies" is used in another part
of the law, in the very sense I have given it. The
I first section provides that " vacancies occur-
I ring in said board shall be filled by the Sec-
1 retary of the Navy." Does that mean that a
commission shall be granted to the person called
on to act as a member of the board, to fill a va-
cancy occasioned by the sickness or withdrawal
of a member ? Of course not. The Secretary of
the Navy would simply issue an order to the
officer. Again, sir, how often has it happened
that an officer has been put on furlough by the
Navy Department, as effectually as it has been
done by the late board ? Did that create a va-
cancy, and was a commission granted to another
officer to fill such vacancy ? Assuredly not.
But, still further to illustrate this subject, and
to show that a lieutenant temporarily or inform-
ally'advanced to the grade of a commander, and
a commander advanced to the grade of captain,
were not intended to be commissioned, the law
provides that they shall not receive any more pay
than they got before. They are to receive the
pay of their subordinate or proper rank, except
when they are called into service; and even then
they do not receive the full pay of the higher rank,
but only a slight addition to their former pay.
What an anomalous state of things will be
produced by adopting the construction I am op-
posing ! The President has granted commissions
to certain commanders to be captains in place of
certain captains placed on the reserved list. I have
shown that they are not full captains. But the
time will come when, as this law provides, they
1 will be full captains by regular promotion to sup-
ply actual vacancies occasioned by "deaths, res-
ignations, or dismissals, in the naval service."
Then they will be entitled to the pay of captain.
But how are they to know when they will be
thus entitled to this more perfect rank and higher
pay? _ Must the President send them another
commission ? Are they to receive two commis-
sions? Why, who ever heard of two commissions
; granted to the same man for the same office ? And
| yet, sir, he must be entitled to two commissions
if he is entitled to the first; because there must be
something to indicate his claim to that full rank
and full pay of captain, to which he may hereafter
i be entitled, when promoted to fill an actual va-
cancy._ If it be attempted to meet the difficulty
by saying that no newcommission need be granted
as the accounting officers of the Treasury would,
immediately upon the death of one of the old cap-
tains, allow the full pay of captain to his successor,
I ask, how are they to know who is his successor ?
There may be thirty commanders holding these 4
imperfect commissions of captain: which of them
is to be entitled ? Ifitbe said, the senior, I reply,
there is nothing in any law which declares tnat,
as a matter of course, a senior officer is to succeed
! to any vacant commission. The right of selec-
tion is in the President. It is not an uncommon
thing to pass over a senior and promote others
above him; and no accounting officers have ever
undertaken to regulate such matters, or allow pay
to those who were not previously appointed by
the proper authority.
! It seems to me, sir, that any other construction
of the law than that I have given would impute
to Congress a very absurd and unreasonable in-
tention when they passed it. I have shown that
the object was simply to withdraw from active
service those officers who were incapable. The
vacancies or deficiencies thus produced were to be
supplied by those officers who were not incapa-
ble, in the order of their rank and seniority.
There might be officers of undoubted capacity,
and even of great professional distinction, who,
at the same time, were men of bad character and
inftfmous lives. The board had no authority to
withdraw them, because they were known not to
be incompetent. But can it be supposed that Con-
gress intended to require the President to promote
such men " in the order of their rank and senior-
I ity?" Let me suppose that the President, after
I having determined, very properly, not to disgrace
himself by sending such a nomination to the Sen-
ate, should be addressed by one of these men in
such language as this: " Sir, as I was known to
be an officer fully capable of performing my duty,
the late board did not, and could not, withdraw
me from active service. The law lately passed
declares that vacancies in the active service list
shall be filled by regular promotion in the order
of rank or seniority. I am first in the order of
rank and seniority; and, whatever my criminal
character, you are bound by the law to give nie
