1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. MiUson.
Ho. of Reps.
promotion." Would the President yield to this
insolent appeal) and could he suppose that Con-
gress really intended any such outrage upon pro-
priety? No,- indeed, sir; and yet it would be im-
possible to escape this conclusion, if it be true
that that part of the law which provides for filling
the vacancies in the active service list contem-
plated the granting of commissions and nomina-
tions to the Senate.
This construction would not only impute a most
unreasonable intention to Congress, but would
make the law itself plainly unconstitutional. On
the supposition that the law intended that these
vacancies were to be filled by commissions and
nominations, what right had Congress to say
that they should be filled in the order of seniority ?
What right has Congress to tell the President
whom he shall appoint to office, or whom he shall
nominate to the Senate ? But we did not under-
take to do any such thing. It would have been
unconstitutional to do so. It would have been
unconstitutional not only in invading the priv-
ileges of the Executive, but unconstitutional in
assuming to prescribe to the Senate who they
should appoint, who they should confirm. Now,
a construction is never to be given to a law which
would make it unconstitutional, if it be possible
to avoid it.
The true design of the law was only to advance
the juniors by a sort of acting appointment to fill
the deficient places. These appointments might
have been given by the Secretary of the Navy,
or perhaps the President, and might have been
drawn up in the very words of the law. They
required no confirmation by the Senate. They
were mere appointments of juniors, as brevet ap-
pointments, to use an expression of my colleague,
[Mr. Bocock,] who was chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs when the bill was intro-
duced and passed. I shall quote from what he
said at the time to show that he entertained these
views, and doubtless the House did also, as there
was no dissenting opinion from any quarter. He
says:
" In the grade of captain there may be twenty men who
ate incompetent for the discharge o&^ieir duties. You put
them upon the reserved list, and yoS?remote men from the
grade of commander by brevet to fill their places. They
are not full captains."
Again:
" The operation of the bill, as it came from the Senate,
would not have made the pay of lieutenants, raised by
brevet (so to speak) to be commanders, better than it is at
present when employed on shore duty."
Here my colleague speaks of these officers as
" raised by brevet, so to speak." And yet com-
missions have been granted as full captains, com-
manders, or lieutenants, as the case may be; and
the Senate is gravely considering the question,
whether they snail confirm these nominations by
authorizing their appointment, thus increasing
the number of captains from sixty-eight to ninety-
nine ; and the number of commanders from ninety-
seven to about one hundred and thirty.
1 think it is perfectly in the power of Congress
to place all these officers back in the positions
which they occupied at the passage of the law.
It may be that some of these officers will exclaim
against such a proceeding, but it will not much
redound to their credit to do so. I cannot allow
myself to think that there is a large number of
the officers who desire to secure their own ad-
vancement, at the cost of injustice to their seniors;
but if there be, the sooner they are placed back in
their former position the better for the service.
Nay , sir, the sooner they are dismissed from that
service altogether, the better for the country. He
cannot best be trusted to strike down his country's
foes, whose tastes would lead him to make trial of
his skill in striking down his own comrades, and
his country's defenders.
But, sir, attempts have been made in various
quarters to bolster up these proceedings of the
board. A report has been made to the Senate.
That report is filled with extracts; and among
them is a long one from the remarks of my col-
league, [Mr. Bocock,} as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, at the time of introduc-
ing the bill authorizing the naval board. In these
remarks my colleague cites the cases of several
captains and commanders, and shows how long
they had been in the service, how long unem-
ployed, how long they held their present com-
missions, and how much sea service they had
since had. I have not time to read these remarks,
but the aggregate term in the Navy of the five
captains mentioned was two hundred and twenty-
eight years and eleven months, and the aggre-
gate term of their being unemployed one hundred
and twenty-nine years and three months. He
complains, too, of the short period of their ser-
vice at sea.
Now, let me suggest to my colleague that these
are very deceptive tests, either of capacity or
zeal. AH officers are not equally fortunate in
obtaining employment. They generally desire
it, and they make strong efforts to obtain it; but
does not my colleague perceive that as long as
we have so many officers, and comparatively so
few ships, it will be almost impossible to find
employment for half of them, either ashore or at
sea ? I know that strenuous exertions are some-
times made by these captains and commanders
to obtain a command at sea, and political influ-
ence is sometimes invoked, though I think im-
properly, to "enforce these applications. The
answers of the Secretaries frequently are: " Your
time for a command has not yet come; you must
have patience; no-one of your juniors has been
as yet assigned to a command, and therefore
no injustice has been done you; you will be re-
membered and called on in your proper turn."
And yet, because they do not get that employ-
ment which they desire, and which they make
strong efforts to procure, they are taunted with
being idle. But it is not to taunts alone that they
are to be subjected. They are to be punished
for not having got what was refused to them
when they wanted it! Can anything be more
unjust? The Naval Committee of the Senate say
very justly, that a distinction should be made be-
tween the gallant old seaman and the man who
succeeds by political influence or other resorts, in
passing the best of his days on shore. There
may be such men in the Navy, but I venture to
say that for every single case of the employment
of political influence for any such unworthy pur-
poses, and I never heard of any, there are twenty
in which it is invoked for the opposite one, of
getting a command at sea.
The Senate-committee have quoted and italicized
an extract from Secretary Paulding's report in
1838, in which he says, that "experience has
demonstrated that it is only by frequency of active
service at sea that the otherwise unavoidable conse-
quences of a long peace can in any degree be arrested."
But how vain is it to seek to excuse the proceed-
ings of the late board by such observations as
these! What is the use of talking about frequent
service at sea, when, without increasing the
number of your ships, you cannot employ your
officers so as to give them this frequent service ?
Look at your list of commanders, which is nearly
double what it was in Mr. Paulding's time. You
have ninety-seven on the active-service list; and
how many of them are now at sea? Why, only
twenty-one—only a little more than one fifth.
At this rate, allowing three years to each cruise,
how long will it be before all are employed at
sea? About fifteen years; and in that time, if
sea-service is fairly distributed to them, each will
have been at sea only about three years. It will
be some twelve years, perhaps, before the last
twenty of the number will be called on at all; and
then my colleague will have it in his power to
say of them pretty much as he said of others in
the remarks quoted in the Senate report: " Why,
here are ten, fifteen, or twenty commanders, who
have held their commissions for twelve 'years,
and have never been at sea an hour since." Yes,
sir, these captains and commanders who have
been put on the active-service list to be inactive,
will find themselves as much exposed to these
taunts, and as unjustly, too, as their predecessors
were.
But, sir, how did the board themselves view
this argument—this very argument which is now
employed to defend their proceedings ? They
laughed it to scorn. Did they make length of
sea service, or of other employment, a test in
forming their conclusions? Not at all. They
knew too well how fallacious and worthless were
all such tests, either as to the capacity or- dispo-
sition to perform duty. How much sea service
have the captains on this board themselyes seen
since they have held their present commissions,
and how would they have been affected by this
test, the value of which is so much magnified ?
One has been at sea five years and one month out
of twenty-five years; another eight years and
eight months out of nineteen; another six out of
sixteen; another eleven months out of two years
and six months; and the other has not yet been
sent to sea since he was made a captain, one year
and six months ago. ,
Now, let us look at some of those whom they
kept on the active-service list. One captain had
been at sea nine years and two months out of
forty-three years; one five years and three months
out of twenty-three years and three months; one
two years and six months out of nineteen years;
one three years and six months out of fourteen
years and six months; one three years and five
months.out of fourteen years ana six months;
and another one year and three months out of
twelve years. These captains were all retained,
and doubtless very properly retained, by the
board on the active-service list; but it shows
that they held in derision tH'e very arguments
which are now employed by the committee of the
Senate to defend their proceedings, and which
were employed by my colleague last session for
the purpose of snowing the great necessity for
reform.
Now, sir, let us see how the board themselves
have answered my colleague's argument drawn
from the length of time that some of these officers
have been unemployed. There are ten captains
retained on the active-service list, whose whole
terms of service in the Navy, added together,
amount to four hundred and forty-three years and
ten months, and the aggregate periods during
which they were unemployed amount to two
hundred and thirty-three years and two months.
There are ten other captains put upon the reserved
list, whose aggregate terms of service in the Navy
amount to four hundred and eighty-eight years
and two months, and whose years of unemploy-
ment are only one hundred and fifty-three years
and three months. The ten captains on the active
4ist have been unemployed two hundred and
thirty-three years; and the ten captains on the
reserved list have been unemployed only one
hundred and fifty-three years, though their whole
term of service nas been longer.
Sir, I do not refer to these things for the pur-
pose of censuring the board, but only to snow
that they themselves knew how to meet the very
objections I am myself opposing, and to answer
the arguments employed last session to prove
that this law should pass, and now employed to
sustain their proceedings.
And, after all, what have been the results of
this law ? Has it promoted the efficiency of the
Navy? Has it remedied the evils complained of?
Great outcry was made for an increase of sea
service; but how is it under the present system?
Last year there were eleven captains at sea, and
now there are twelve—an increase of one. Last
year there were twenty-four commanders at sea,
and now only twenty-one. A vast increase of
seaservice, truly! Of the thirty-five new captains,
only three are at sea, six are on duty ashore, and
the rest are unemployed. The whole number of
captains unemployed, according to the Register,
is thirty-seven. Eighteen of them are on duty
ashore. Thirty-eight of the commanders are
engaged in similar duty, and thirty-six unem-
ployed altogether.
And what are these shore duties that demand
this extraordinary degree of efficiency and activity
in the officers ordered to perform th£m ? Why,
service at navy-yards, receiving ships, and re-
cruiting stations, and in inspecting ordnance,
inspecting provisions, and so forth. These are
some of the important duties, requiring this in-
fusion of new life and vigor into the Navy, even
at the hazard of injustice to men who have
rendered eminent service to the country! It is not
the fault of the Navy Department that there are
not more of these officers at sea. It is impossible
to find such employment for them. Perhaps Con-
gress would object to the increased expense of
sending a larger number of ships to sea. Certainly
the appropriations heretofore made would not
justify this enlarged service. When we had a
smaller number of officers in the Navy, all were*
