1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
house op representatives.
Monday, January 21, 1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. WALKER. I move that there be a call
of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. On that motion I call for the-
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was" taken; and there were—yeas
77, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Banks, Barksdale, Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bowie, Boycc, Burnett, John P. Camp-
bell, (Jarhle, Carutheis, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Cox, Craige,
Cuhen, Davidson, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Edwards,
Elliott, Ethcadge, Euatis, Faulkner, Florence, Henry M.
Fuller, Thoma  J. D. Fuller, Goode, Sampson W. Harris,
Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hickman, HolFman, Houston,
Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Joncs? Kelly, Kcnnett,
Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Mmshall, McMulhn, Mc&ueen, Millson, Mott, Mordecai
Oliver, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Richardson,
Ruffiu, Rust, Savage, Scott, William K. Smith, Sneed,
Stewait, Talbott, Taylor, Tnppe, Underwood, Valk,
Walker, Warner, Winslow, Daniel B. Wngbt, and John
V. Wright—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Billirighurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Biad-
shaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffington, Burlingame, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, Clawson, Clingman, Williamson it. W.
Cobb, Colfax, Comms,Covodo, Cragin,Cumback, Damiell,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, Emrie, English, Foster, Giddings, Gilbert,
Gianger, Greenwood, Giuw, Hailan, Thomas L. llariis,
Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, How-
ard, Hughston, Kelscv, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Leiter, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Mattcson, Maxwell, McCaity, Meacham, Killian
Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols, Norton, Patker, Pearce,
Pelton, Pennington, Pettit, Pikc,Pungle, Purviance, Reade,
Ready, Ritchie, ltobbms, Salmi, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan, Thorington, Thurston,
Todd, Trafton, Wade, VValbndsje, Waidron, Cadwalader
C. Washbuine,'Elhhu B. Wa&hburne, Israel Washburh,
Watkins, Watson, Wells, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, and
Woouworth—109.
So the call of the House was not ordered.
Pending the call,
Mr. FLORENCE announced thathis colleague,
Mr. Cadwalader, had paired off for the day with
Mr. Pennington.
He also announced that he had been requested
to state that Mr. Andrf.w Oliver and Mr. Our
had paired off for the day.
Mr. MORGAN announced that Mr. Sage had
paired off for the day with Mr. Vail.
Mr. READY announced that his colleague, Mr.
Risers, had requested him to state that he had
paired off for the day with Mr. Robison.
RESOLUTION PROHIBITING DEBATE.
Mr. BOYCE. I move to rescind the resolution
winch led to so much debar,e the other day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope it will not be re-
scinded.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, Thai for one week, unless o Spenker i< sooner
elected, no debate on am object or undei the l'orm of pm-
fional explanation shall'be in oaler; hut any member
attempting to speak .-hall be held out of oulei, utile-* the
lnmnmous consent bhall have been fust had, on the question
bimjj !-ubhmtcd by the Cleik.
Mr. BOYCE. Is it in order to move now to
have that resolution rescinded ?
The CLERK. That motion is in order.
Mr. BOYCE. Is it insider to debate it?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks that until the
resolution be rescinded, debate is not m order.
Mr. BOYCE. Then I call for the yeas and
nays on my motion to rescind.
The Clerk decided that the yeas and nays were
not ordered, only twenty-three members rising in
their seats.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 call for tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Floulxcjs
and Hugiiston were appomted.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 27, noes 108.
So (one fifth of a quorum having voted in the
affirmative) the yens ?nd nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and there were—yeas
60, nays 133; as follows:
YEAS—Me,Aiken, Alien, Kark^dnle. Ilendh-y 8.
Bennett, Bocoek, Bowie, J3>>\ ee, Buir.eu. John P. Camp-
bell, CaihJo, Caiuthers. Ca-ku*. Cox, Ciaige. Culien, Da-
vidson, Dowdell, Lditmadson. Elliot, Eu;-ti^, Evans, Faulk-
nc , Floicnee, Thomas J. 1). Ftiilei, Goode, Sampson \V.
Hams., Thomas L. Ilams, TIeihcit, J. Clancy Jones, Kid-
well, Lctcher, Limipkm, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Millson,
Moore, Mordecai Oliver, Paine, Peck, Powell,Ready, Rich-
ardson, Rufim, Rust, Savage, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Trippe, Walker,
Watkins, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright
—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Banks, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilinighurst, Bingham,
Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brcnton, Broom, Buflington, Bur-
Iingame, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Clawson, Clingman,
Howeil Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Coming,
Covode, Cragin, Cutback, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Edwards. Emrie, English, Etheridge,
Foster, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger, Greenwood, Grow,
Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hickman,
Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine B.
Horton, houston, Howard, Hughston, Jewett, George "Vy.
Jones, Kelly, Kelsey, Kennett, King, ICnapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Lindley, Mace, Matteson,
McCarty, Meacham, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Nichols, Norton, Parker, Pearce, Pelton,
Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie,
Bobbins, Sabm, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
William R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Stranahan,
Swope,Tappan, Thorington,Thurston, Todd,Trafton, Un-
derwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbrulge, Waldion,
Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Wash-
burn e, Israel Washburn, Wat&on, Welch, Wells, Whitney,
Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zolhcoffer—
133.
So the motion to rescind the resolution was not
agreed to.
Pending the call,
Mr. WINSLOW said: I am desired by my
colleague, Mr. Branch, to state that he has
paired off for the day with Mr. Kunkel.
Mr. YAIL (on his name being called) stated
that he had paired off forthe day with Mr. Sage.
PROPOSITIONS FOR ORGANIZATION.
Mr. SAPP. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House, on Saturday
next, if the House shall not bcfoic that day have elected a
Speaker, address a communication to each of the Govern-
ors of the several States, and lequestthem to convene the
voters ot the vaiious congiessional distncts, at their re-
spective voting places, on llie second Monday of March
next, there and then to expn^s, by ballot or viva voce, as
may be the law of voting m the hevci al States, their opin-
ion on tin; action of then icspective Representatives, to
whethei the^ipprovo 01 the manner m which their votes had
been directeffo elect a Speaker of this llouye, oi whether
they shall not hereafter be loquired to vote lor a plurality
rule, lor the puipose of effecting an organization.
Resolved jurlher, That in order that the fuither action
of the Representatives m the Thirty-Fourth Congress may
be dueeted so as to reilect the latest expies&ed views of
then constituents, the House will, with The consent of the
Senate, on Monday next, stand adjourned till the flist Mon-
day in May next.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to amend the prop-
osition just read, by striking out the entire reso-
lution, and inserting the following:
Whereas, after a trial of near seven weeks, this House
has, from a fundamental disnsi cement of opinion as to the
powers and policy of this Government amongst the Repre-
sentatives oi the people elected to the Thirty-Foui th Con-
gret-*, found it*eif incapable of ellectimr such an organiza-
tion a^ quahlV's it to disehaige the functions which the
Constitution lias devolved upon it as an essential biancSi of
trie luiii-lative power of the eountiy ; and which di^gice-
ment ot opinion, founded as it is upon pnneiple, will, it is
ju^t to pH,vume, pievcnt any oi^amzation of tins House at
a iuUin p-mod, so long as the individuals now composing
it net niidei I lie aulhonty derived lrom the elections winch
ha\e leturned them as members of tins body; and wheieas,
it 1*= pioper and m accordance with the tiuc theory of our
j (.ovcini'iersl that the powcis thu^ piovu'ed by the Consti-
i tution loi the general jjoud, cmd delegated by the people,
| bhali not bf held by then agents ni abejanee, but shall be
] exeic3-cd loi the puipo-efoi wnieh they weie gianted, or
| sunembTf'd to the people of the seveial States, that they
[ ma\ have an opponunity of reviewing and determining, by
the &eh etion of new lurents, those principles of constitu-
tional power and national pohey, a diiicienee in regard to
which how s-o nnhappdv mais the harmony of this nation,
and ob.«4>ucN the regular action of the Government;
Resolved, That eacn member of this House will, on Mon-
day next, if a Speaker sluill not beioiecthat day be elected,
prepare and deposit with the Clerk a scaled paper, mdotscd
, \,iiii hi-name and contrimns: the lesignation of his seat as
! a member of the Tlmty-Fouith Congresr ; which sealed
! lettei of resignation, when dehvem! bv every member of
i tln> House, or by such numhej as v.ill m good faith eariv
1 into eju'ct uie object of the* lesolution, fhall, by ouh r of
the llou-e. be -opened by the Cleik. and publicly icad liom
Ins tabl.-1, and shall from that time opeiaie to vacate ins seat
a< <\ membci ot this Hou-e; and it sliall be the duty of the
Cler;c forthwith to t- an.-nnf to the GoveinoifJ of the teveial
States the lettu s of resignation of the members now repre-
senting said Slates.
Resolved, That when this House adjourns on Monday next,
it will, (with the consent of the Senate,) if a Speakei -hall
not befoie that day be elected, adjourn to meet on the first
Monday m May next.
I ask for the yeas and nays upon the adoption
of the amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS obtained the floor.
Mr. SAPP. I will withdraw my proposition.
Mr. FAULKNER. I then offer the preamble
and resolutions as an original proposition, and call
the previous question on it.
Mr. COLFAX. Is it in order to move t© amend_
the proposition of'the gentleman* from Virginia?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Virginia *
called the previous <^uestidn upon his proposition,
which would cut off all amendment. > - - .
Mr. STEPHENS. I move to postpone the *
consideration of the resolutions until Monday .
next. If we are not able to elect by that time, wo
shall be better able to act understanding]y upon:;
the resolutions.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I rise to
a question of order.* I submit that there is noth-
ing before the House.
Mr. FAULKNER. I call for a vote on the
resolutions now, though I give notice that if-they
are voted down, I shall renew them again as soon k
as our speech is restored to us in this body. I
think [Cries of " Order! order! "J
Mr'. COLFAX. I desire toknow whether my
amendment is in order ? If it is, I will send xt-to
the Clerk's desk, and ask to have it read.
The CLERIC. The Clerk thifilts it is not in
order, the previous question having been called
by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. NORTON. I move to lay the resolutions
upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask if the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sapp] had the right to withdraw
his proposition? If he had not, I object to its
withdrawal.
Mr. CRAIGE. I call the gentleman from ,
Georgia to order. As long as we have a gag
law, I insist upon its being enforced.
The CLERK. In reply to the gentleman from .
Georgia, the Clerk will state that, in his opinion,
the gentleman from Ohio has the right to with-
draw his proposition. *
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I insist
upon my question of order, that there is nothing
before the House. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Sapp] offered a proposition, and the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] moved an •
amendment, and the gentleman from Georgia ob-
tained the floor. The gentleman from Ohio then
withdrew his original proposition, of course carry-
ing with it the amendment of the gentlemanfrom
Virginia. The gentleman from Virginia then
rose—the gentleman from Georgia having the
floor—and offered his proposition as an original
one. I submit that he had not the floor to offer
it, and that nothing, therefore, is before the
House.
Mr. CRAIGE. I call the gentleman from Ken-
tucky to order. No debateis in order.
The CLERK. Thegentleman has the rightto
state his question of order.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have stated my ques-
tion, and ask the Clerk to decide it.
Mr. FAULKNER. Why, sir, I was recog-
nized ^by the Clerk regularly, and submitted my
proposition.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia was recognized by the Clerk, but the gen-
tleman from Georgia had been previously recog-
nized, and still retained the floor. There is, there-
fore, nothing before the House.
Mr. FAU^LKNER. I think my proposition is
regularly before the House.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Kentucky
is right. The Clerk understood the gentleman
from Georgia to obtain the floor, and move to post-
pone, and "then yield the floor. If the gentleman
from Georgia had not yielded the floor, however,
the gentleman from Virginia could not obtain it
to offer his proposition.
Mr. FAULKNER. Why, Mr. Clerk, I un-
derstood the gentleman from Georgia as moving
to postpone until Monday next this very prop-
osition, as an original proposition, thereby recog-
nizing the resolutions as having been offered by
me.
Mr. STEPHENS. My motion was to post-
pone the original proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio, which he has since withdrawn, with
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia.
The CLERK. The Clerk so understood the
gentleman, and there is, therefore, nothing before
the House, the gentleman from Ohio having with-
drawn Ins proposition.
Mr. FAULKNER. Well, Mr. Clerk, who is
entitled to the floor now ?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Georgia.
There is, however, no proposition before the
; House.
