THE CONG-RESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 21,
; Mr; STEPHENS took his seat.
: Mr, FAULKNER. Am I now entitled to tho
floor ?
The CLERIC. Yes, sir.
Mr. FAULKNER. I now offer my_ preamble
and resolutions as an original proposition; and I
call the previous question upon its adoption.
'Mr. NORTON. Is it in order to move to lay
those resolutions upon the table ?
The CLERK. It is.
Mr. NORTON. I make thatmotion.
Mr. FAULKNER. I call for the yeas and
nays upon it.
Mr. STEPHENS. Is it in order now to move
to postpone until a day certain—until Monday
next—the further consideration of the resolutions ?
The CLERK. It is not.
Mr. STEPHENS. I give notice that, if the
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia is not
laid upon the table, I shall submit a motion to
postpone until Monday next.
Mr. LAKE. Is it m order to move a substi-
tute to the proposition now before the House ?
The CLERK. It is not.
Mr. LAKE. I have a proposition which I de-
sire to offer. I send it to the Clerk's desk, and
ask that it may be read for information.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The resolution, was again read.
Mr. LAKE. Mr. Clerk, I now ask that the
resolution which I send to the Clerk's desk
may be read for the information of the House.
If an opportunity be ufibrded me, I shall move
it as an amendment to the ponding resolutions.
There was no objection* and the Clerk read
the resolution as follows:
IVherea.s. the House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Fourth Congress has made an honest clibit to oiganize by
the election of a Speaker, which litis, hitheito failed 011 ac-
count of the peculiar constitution of patties of which it id
composed; and whereas, these repeated failuies have left
no doubt on the minds of a majority of the members that an
Oigauiaatiou cannot, now be effected : Thcitdoie,
Resnlved, (the Semite ooncuriiiig,) That the. Congress
of the United States he adjourned, from and alter the pas-
sage of this resolution, until the first Monday m next.
The question was taken on the motion to Jay
on the table; and it was agreed to—yeas 111,
nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssrs. Albright, Allison, Bank4?, Barbour, Ben-
son, Billinghurst, Bingham, ftediop, tths-y, JUruKhaw, Bron-
ton, Broom, Buffington, Burlmcame, Lewis 1). Campbell,
Chaffee, Clawt>on, Col fax, Conine, Covodc, (Jrasm, Culkn,
Cumback, Dumiell, Uenty YVmtei Davi-, Timothy Davis,
Day, Dean, De Witt. Dick, Dicks-on, DoiM, Dunn, Dim fee,
Edic, Edwards, Emrie, Etheridge,Eu>ti?, Evans, Ifemy M.
Fuller, Giddiugs, Gilbert, Gian^er, Uiow, Harlan, J. Morri-
son Harris, Hurn&on, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, ilollo-
way, Thomas R. Jlorton, Valentino B. Iloiton, Ilowaid,
Hughston, Ivelscv, King, Ivnapp, Kuisfht, Knowlton, Knov,
Matteson, McCaity, Meacham, Morgan, Mot nil, Molt,
Nichols, Norton, Paine, Parko>, Pearee, Peck, Pel ton,
Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Prmgle,Purviance, Ileade,
Ritchie, Bobbin*, Sabin, Sherman, Simmons, William R.
Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thonu«r>>n,
Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Underwood, Wade, "VVakeman,
Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader 0. Washbume, Rlhhu B.
Washbuine, I&iael Washburn, Watson, Welch, Whitney,
Williams, IVood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—111.
NAYS—-Messis. Aiken, Allen, Baielay, Baiks>dale, Bell,
Henry Bennett, ilendley S. Bennett, Uncock, Bowie, Boyro,
Burnett, John P. Campbell, Cailile, ('muthen*, Casino,
Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox,
Craige, JDavid>on, Dowd^ll, l2dnumdson, Elliott, En<ili-.h,
Faulkner, Florence, Fo.-ter, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Sampson W. IJairU, Thomas L Hairb. Hev-
beit, Houston, Jewett, (ieotjre W. Jonc., J. (Haney Jones,
Kelly, Kennott, Kuhvell, Jjake, Loiter, Letcher. Lnmpkm,
Mace, Alexander K. MaishaJl, [Juuipliiey Mai-sii ill, K.nn-
uelS. Marshall, Maxwell, McMuiJm, McQueen, IGlh.m
Miller, Smith IWiller, MiUson, AIooic, Moidecru Ohvcj,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Ready, RichauL-on, Iluitin, Ru?t,
Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Stewait, Talbot*, Tavlor, Ttip>>e,
Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watlans, Wimdow, Daniel
B. Wright, John V. Wiight, and Zolhcoffor—<25.
So the resolutions were laid upon the table.
Pending the above call, and when his name was
called,
Mr. VAIL rose and saids Mr. Clerk, by special
agreement with the gentleman from New "York,
[Mr. Sage,] I am entitled to vote on this question.
I vote no.
Mr. THORINGrTON (when his name was
called) said: Mr. Clerk, my colleague, Mr. Hall,
has paired off with Mr. Ruumnfe—the pair to
continue up to the 25th of the present month.
Sickness in Mr. Hall's familyhas caused him
to bo absent from his seat; and, if Mr. Roberts
had not paired off with him, I would have done
so myself under the circumstances. My collen gue
"would, in all instances, cast his vote for Mr.
Richardson, and Mr. Roberts for Mr. Banks.
This statement I think due to my colleague, who
has been continually in his scat up to this time.
I can further state, I believe Mr. Hall would not
have left unless an arrangement of this kind could
have been entered into. [Cries of "Order!"]
The CLERK. The gentleman is explaining
the reasons of a pair-off. [Cries of "Order!''
" No debate is in order !'']
Mr. THORINGTON. I have said all I de-
sired.
Mr. SNEED. Mr. Clerk, I submit the follow-
ing proposition:
Be it resolved by the members'of this JJowse, (as a means
of effecting an organization of the body,J Tnat tho^e who
have ber,n voting for Mr. Banks for Speaker arc requested
to select and name one member who has been voting foi
Mr. Fui.lkr, and one member who has* been young for Mr.
Richardson for Speaker, and that the supporteis of Mr.
Richardson select and name one member among the sup-
porters of Mi. Banks, and one fiona the supporters of ? Ir.
FtiM.Fji, and that the supporteis of Mr. Fuller name one
member among Mi. Richardson's supporters and one
among the supporters of Mr. Banks, and that the; members
so bcieetcd and named shall be coiwdoied the only candi-
dates nominated loi the SpeakerV chair. '
Resolved farther, That alter the voting for these candi-
date's shall be commenced, the member icceiving the lowest
number of votc^ at each trial shall be chopped until an
election shall be effected.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table. I hope that wo shall go to
voting. [Cries of "That is right!"]
The question was taken, and the resolution was
laid on the table.
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
The House t[ien proceeded to vote the one
hundred and eighteenth time for Speaker, with the
following result: Whole m-nibei of votes cast,
10? ; necessary to a choice, 99; of which—
N.ithauicl P. Banks received. ...92
William -V. Richaidson  
Ilenry M. Fuller 31
Lewis I>. Campbell  3
Alexander C. Al. Pennington  J
Gilehrn-t Porter "  1
Solomon G. Haven  1
Eli S. Shoitor.      1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Jlmiy Bennett, I'tu^on, Bdl n;;lnii-t, l>:m;ham, Bishop,'
Bliss, Bradshaw, Bieuton, But}''n !on, Bcthnp.ime, Jjowib
J). Campbell, Ch.ufeo, Colfax, Conuns ('i<n\>oii. Govodo,
Cia<rm. Cumbaek, Daime!!, Timothy 1-havis, D.ty, Dc.ui,
Do Witt, Dick, Diokson, Dodd, Diuco, I'fi'e, 1'mt'", <hd-
diujrs, Cidhcit, Grantor, Gio'v, liail.ui, llollowdy, Thoi'tas
R. iloiton, Valentine B. lloir >i), ifowud, Uiifdi-imi, Kel-
sey, Kniir, Kim[)p, Kniirht, Knowlton. heit,,i. .Vlaee,
jNlatnvon. McCaitv, Afe.iel-.ani, Kilhm .>IiHei, Alonjaii,
J\Ioudl,Siott, Niriio!-:,Norton, Paikei, Pt\ue<\lVllon, Pet-
til, i'dvc, Punub'j Pun kuh i<it< hie, Uulihtif-, j-'.djai, Sapjj,
SliL'nnnu, Simmon^, Spinn-"1!, Stn ,n>ji, Slia.K'li.di, T.ippun,
Tlioiinffton, Thui.ilon, Todd, Ttaltcm, \\\ide. U'akemau,
Walbrulge, VVaUiion, ('auwaladei c. Washbiime.lllilm t>.
Wadhburno, I^iael Wa-diburn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woodwoith.
For iir. Richardson—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
IJarksdnle,Bell, llciullcy S.Bermutt, Boco-k. ]>o'.vie, 13o\i:e,
Burnett, Caiuiiiois, Ca^kie, {'Itnmiian, llowdl (Jobb, Wil-
liamson It. W. Cobb, Ctanjo, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmund-
5-on, lOlhott, English, Faulkner, norence, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Goode, C toon wood, tff\ui]).-on W. IIa!i*i.-s,ThomtH L.
Ilanw, llerboit, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, (Jeo:se \\r.
Jones, J. GLinej Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, i,erehei, Lumpkin,
►Saninel H. JKn hall,Mvix\\ ell. AleMullm, McCiueen, Hnuih
IMjIIoi, Million, lUoideeai (.)hve>, Peck', I'heip-, Powell,
Quifman, llulhn, Ru.=t, ^andid"0, Sava<.v, Samuel A.
Hinith, Wii'iam Hnntii, Stephens, .Stewait, Talbott. Tavlor,
Warner, Watl;ms, Well-, Williams, Wiiisiow, Damcl B.
Wii2iil, and John \7. Wii"nt.
/or Mr. Fal'cr—3Ie-si-. Bioom, John P. Campbell, Car-
hie, Bayard Claik, Cox, CuUen, llemy Winter Utvis,
I'-the;ultfO, J^u-ti-;, Evans To.- t.'i, J. Jian'i--, JloJl-
nrm, Kennett, 2jake, Li.idley, Alexai-der K. Mjm.-IviII,
(lujxiphieyMarshall, Pamo, Porfoi, Uoade, Ready, William
R. ^iiutb, Wneed, Swop,\ 'J'lippc, Unuerwuod, Valk,
Walkor, Whitney, and Zolhooflei.
For Mr. CamfheU—Messis. JJnnn, nlooro, and Seott.
For Mr. Fcn.nn^ton— 31essis. Edwards and Haven.
For Mr. Pcnier—.Mr. Ilumy M. Fuller.
For Mr. Haven—Mr. Harrison.
For Mr. Shorter—Mr. Rioliaid-on.
Mr. RUST. I submit the following proposi-
tion:
Whereas,one hundred and eighteen ineffectual effoits to
elect a akei. tn wim n the vote,- have been divided
anions Mi. Banks,Mr. Ri' ii utncn\, ^vti F-'T.i.j.k, nrd Mr.
Pennjngion, mu.-t have made u niaini'e-l io tho^o gentle-
men and this Congress that neiihei ot tiu;ni is the choice
of a majority of the menibei^ ed Tin- Hou-e (orits pte.-ndiot:
officer, and that a longei pei>i>tencc on tlie paif of th'^r
I respective fuondii m lnffimr ihen names for tins office will
only delay the oigaiuzati m < i this Ilou-e, ,n.d thoieby pu:-
vi-nt immediate k'gMauon vhen tho commoii interests of
the whole country require it: Therefoi e,
Resolved,-Ttiat it is th'j sen<e of this Hon«e that .Messrs.
Rinks, Richardson, Fulllr, and Pfnvinoi-on, by with-
drawing theirnames.and lot bidding then as can.iidates
J for the speakerslnp, would lemove ecitain and insuimount-
able obstacle4' to its organization, and that the public inter-
ests would bo greatly promoted by their domg so.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania, obtained the
floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Arkansas
has not yielded the floor.
Mr. FULLER. I do not propose to debate
the resolution. I wish to remove one obstacle to
the organization of the House, and therefore
withdraw my name as a candidate for the speak-
ership. [Cries of "Order!" UI object to all de-
bate !"]
Mr. RUST. I have not yielded the floor.
[Cries of " Order!" " Debate is out of order!'5]
t am not going to debate the proposition. I do
not demand a vote on the proposition now; I
hope it will not be taken.
Snvcral_MEMBERs. Oh yes, let us vote on it.
Mr. RUST. Very well, if gentlemen wish it,
let there bo a vote on the resolution.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
Mr. PENNINGtTOjN". I hope my friend from
New York [Mr. Mohgax] will withdraw that
motion for a moment, to allow me to say a word.
[Cries of "Order!" "No debate!"']
The CLERK. The a-entlemnn from New
Jersey is out of order. Debate is not m order.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I do not rise for the
purpose of debate, nor for the purpose of per-
sonal explanation. I do not propose to place
myself in a position of antagonism to the order
of the House, made on Saturday last. [Cries of
" Order!"] I propose to say simply, that the in-
timation contained in this resolution being the
first that has been made oil this floor, that my
name interposes an obstruction to the organiza-
tion of the House, I wish it understood, in ac^.
cordance with my declaration a 11 v; days since,
that I am net to be regarded any longer as occu-
pying the position of a candidate.
Mr. EUSTIS. I call the gentleman to order.
If you wish to make explanations, rescind the
resolution which cuts off all debate.
Mr. RUST. I demand the yeas and nays on
my resolution.
Mr. ELORENCE. 1 demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. TmrPE and
Colfax were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee/ I move that the
consideration of the resolution be postponed
until Monday next.
The CLERK. Tlio motion is not in order.
The question was taken. an$ the yeas and nays
were ordi red, the tellers having reported—ayes
27, noes 106; more than one fifth of those present
voting in the affirmative.
Mr. EAULKNER. I rise to submit a propo-
sition that is in order under the rule adopted on
Saturday.
Mr. RUST. Ilave the yeas and hays .been
ordered?
The CLERK. They have.
Mr. RUST. Then 1 "will, upon the rcpiestof
a friend, withdraw the resolution, and slinll offer
it again to-morrow, w^th the hope that this gag
law will be rescinded, so that it can be debated.
Mr. W;\ LKF.R. ! renew the resolution.
Mr. FAULKNER. I now submit a proposi-
tion which is in order under the rule adopted on
Saturday, and that is, that the proposition bo
made from the Clerk's table, asking the unan-
imous consent of the House, that those four gen-
tlemen who are referred to in the resolution shall
be allowed to express themselves, if they choose
to do so. with rejrard to it.
Mr. BAPvKSDALE. I move that tho House
clo now adjourn.
The motion "was disagreed to.
The CLERK. The yeas and nays have fallen
with the withdrawal of the resolution by the gen-
tleman from Arkansas. The gentleman irom
Virginia now proposes, under the rule adopted
on Saturday last, that the unanimous consent of
the Hon.se shall be given to the four gentlemen
named m the resolution to address the House.
Mr. YiTA£jKEIt. Can he offer that as an
amendment to my resolution?
The CLERK. He can offer it while the gen-
tleman's resolution is pending.
Mr. WALKER. After the yeas and nays
have been ordered?
The CLERK. The yeas and nays have not
