1880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August I,
Government, and not of our own. Nor do I
think that the injuries which result from Indian
wars, except in such cases as have been occasion-
ally acted on as exceptions, are such injuries as
we are bound to compensate from the United
States Treasury. Whatever may be the abstract
propriety of the princir>, certain it is that we
have invariably acted on the ground that we were
not bound to compensate injuries inflicted in war
on private individuals, except in certain cases
which have generally been regarded as an excep-
tion to the rule. I am not willing to depart from
it in this case, for it seems, as far as the evidence
goes, whether it was technically war or not, it
was really and in effect so.
Thus much for the merits of the case: but inde-
pendently of them, it seems to me that we are
investing a discretion, in regard to this matter,
in the Secretary of War, under this bill, which
is going too far. We propose in the bill that he
may disregard the rules and regulations which
have been made in such cases as to testimony,
and receive evidence on any new principle which
he may choose to establish, and we do not leave
it to him to determine whether the claims are, in
his opinion, valid claims against the Government;
but whenever the fact is established that losses
have been sustained by citizens on account of
Indian depredations in Alabama and Georgia,
during this period, he is bound to decide that
the payment shall be made. If we leave the
question to him at all, it seems to me we ought
to leave the whole question to him, and allow
him to determine whether those are legitimate
claims against the United States Government.
Believing, as I do, that, 011 piinciplc, they arc
not good as claims against the Government, I
cannot vote for the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Virginia
makes two objections to this allowance, in both
of which he is wrong, as I think 1 shall be readily
able to show to the Senate in live minutes. His
objection to the form of the bill is, as I think, wull
taken, and therefore 1 favor the amendment of my
colleague to pay the amounts audited, according
to the reports of the commissioners.
The first ground of the Senator from Virginia
is, that these Indians were under the jurisdiction
of the State of Alabama, and that therefore the
principle of the intercourse laws did not apply
to these depredations. 1 say the principle of the
intercourse lawn makes 110 distinct ion between
the States and Territories. The object of those
laws was to keep peace on the lndlan frontiers
and to prevent repusals on the propery of the
Indians. To carry out tins policy, iheaetof 1793,
the amendatory net of ItMI, nnd the last inter-
course law of provided that where a party
was injured by Indians, other than by the body
of the nation, whether they were within a State
or not, he should go to ihe agent and prove his
damage, and the United States would compel the
Indians to pay it out of their annuities, or would
pay it themselves if the Indians had 110 annui-
ties.
The object of the intercourse laws was to keep
the peace on the Indian frontier, and in the Indian
country. The last actof 1834 was passed, because
there were disputes between the States and the
Indians, as to whether or not the States had aright
toexti'mltheirjuusdieiion ovei the Indians within
their holders. The State of Georgia denied that
the United States could interfere with her right
to jurisdiction. We claimed the right to extend
our penal laws over the Indian country m our
State, and we did so. The Supreme Court held
diiferently, but we executed our laws over the
Cherokecs—not over these Indians. In other
respects, there was no question about jurisdic-
tion, because the right of the United States to reg-
ulate intercourse and trade with the Indian tribes
is as perfect within the limits of a Suite as with-
out State limits. JN'o such question was ever
raised. The object of the intercourse laws, as
declared in evtry one of them, was 10 prevent
reprisals on the Indians. They would frequently
take supplies of horses and cattle from the whites,
and the whites were very naturally disposed to take
horses and cattle from the Indians in leturn; and
wherever the whites and Indians were near each
other on the borders, there were continual incur-
sions by the one or the other. The gteat reason
for passing the law of 1834, and for getting the
Indiana to go west of the Mississippi, was that
some of the States, my own among the number,
refused to let the Government of the United States
have anything to do with the subject. We said
that we had jurisdiction and sovereignty over all
our soil, whether in possession of the Indians or
not; but the Supreme Court held that they were
sovereign tribes.
That point, however, has nothing to do with
this case. These claims are precisely within the
spirit of the intercourse laws. It is a rule resting
on the soundest principles, both among civilized
and savage nations, that when one country goes
to war to redress the injuries of its citizens, it has
a right to compel the other country to make repa-
ration. Frequently it is not done, because the
nation has not the power to compel it, and the
individual must suffer, because society is unable
to make the adversary pay the loss; but it is a
fundamental law of war, that the enemy who has
done wrong to the property of private individ-
uals shall render satisfaction for them at the con-
clusion of the war, provided the other party is
able to exact it; and we have recognized this rule
even in difficulties with the Indian tribes, from
the beginning of the Government until now.
When England and France go to war, they
make a treaty of peace generally upon the best
terms they can get; but the lawful end of war is
to repair, not merely the original wrongs, but the
wrongs inflicted in carrying it through. But in
this ease, as I have stated in the report, there
was no war. Upon that point, the proof is com-
plete from the officers of the United States them-
selves. It was an outbreak by a small portion of
the tribe against the authority of the nation.
They plundered the inhabitants of Alabama:
burnt their houses; destroyed their property. The
case comes, therefore, clearly within the principle
of the intercourse laws. The principle is not
altered because the States refused to allow the
United States to interfere with the Indian country
within their limits. The principle of compensa-
tion is notalTeeted by that fact, for it applies as well
to a State as to a Territory, or a country outside
of a State or Territory. The second point of the
Senator from Virginia is, that it is not according
to the rules of war to make -compensation for such
injuries. If he had paid attention to the reading
of the report, and the authority of the approved
publicists which it cites, he would have seen that
there is no difference between them as to this
point, that injuries done to the inhabitants of one
country by the enemy, without authority, must
be punished and paid for. We went to war with
Mexico on this principle. Congress declared—
the Senator, I think, voting for it—that Mexico
had done injinies to our citizens by seizing their
property without reparation, which called for
redress even to the point of war. When we
made a treaty of peace, as we were able to do,
we required Mexico to acknowledge her obliga-
tion to pay those claims. In this case, the United
States captured the Indians, took them west of
the Mississippi, <;ave them a magnificent country
and large annuities.
Now, on "ivhat principle is it that, after this
Government lias subdued these Indians, when
they were perfectly m your power, after they
had committed most wanton outrages growing
out of your own policy, you should refuse to
make compensation for these injuries ? The
greater portion of the claims, as will be found by
looking through the report of the commissioners,
is for subsisting the troops of the United States,
and the fifteen hundred friendly Indians, vho
were enlisted under the head-cluef Opoth-le-Yo-
holo. They were taken into the service of the
United States, and subsisted on the cattle and
property of the inhabitants, the very people whom
the Government were bound to protect. The
Government supported the army and its allies,
the friendly Indians, by toking the property of
these inhabitants of Alabama for their subsistence.
Can the Senator from Virginia stand here, and
say that this Government ought not to be respons-
ible for that ? JN'o man in the Senate can. "'That
portion of the claims makes the strongest appeal
to the justice of every individual. To that ex-
tent, to deny the claims is, as the report of the
committee properly states, a violation of the
Constitution, because you have no right to take
private property for public use without allowing
lull compensation. The proof is ample and com-
plete, from your own officers, that the troops of
the United States, and the friendly Indians, tools
supplies from the inhabitants.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator say that
our troqjjs took property from the inhabitants of
Alabama ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; and the evidence of
it is on record from the commanding officei; of the
friendly Indians, Colonel Hogan; but I shall not
fatigue the Senate by reading it.
Mr.* F1TZPATRICK, It is shown in the
affidavit of Colonel Torrence, of Georgia. That
can be read.
Mr. TOOMBS. At the request of my friend
from Alabama, I call for the reading of Colonel
Torrence's statement.
The Secretary read as follows:
Georgia, 3{uscogec county:
Pc^onally appeared before me, Jam ess Hitchcock, a
justice of the mfeiior court, Mansfield Torrence, and, after
being duly sworn, saith : That he accompanied Genciai
Thomas S. Woodward, of Alabama, m Juno, ]£3G, on iua
expedition with the triendlv Italians, against the lio&tilc
Cieek?, and acted as one of the GeneiaPs aids on that
occasion. He fuither btates> that it was customary for the
Indians under the immediate command of General Wood-
ward to kill what cattle they required for their support duung
the expedition, and that the quartermaster, Major O. K.
Ficemun, Us^ed to keep an account of the quantity, with the
marks and brands; hut, in some instances, the Indians,
especially after the arrival of Opoth-le-Yoholos Indians,
killed cattle without calling on the general or quartermas-
ter. A few weie killed at Jolly's, a few at the Big Hpring,
or Sand Fort, and a great many at Ilatehachubby.
When we arrived atHatchachubby,Gencia! Woodward,
with Jim Boy's Indians, encamped 011 the ground known
as Nca-mathia's camp. Opofh-le-Yo-holo's Indian* were
encamped in the field immediately 111 the foik of the creeks,
(Watennelon and Ilatehachubby.) where the hostile In-
dians had collected a quantity of cattle. We had been on
the ground a very shoit tnne,\vhen we heard a tremendous
fitmg in the direction of our allies, upon winch General
Woodwaid obsei ved tome that the lio^tiles had attacked
Walter's Indiana, and that we miM go to his a^si-tance.
We immediately galloped thiough tiie swamp, and, instead
of a battle, found the friendly Jndians destioymg all the
cattle. 1 think they must have killed near one hundred
head. In addition to the stock desttoyed by the friendly
Jndians, they took ail the corn they found, and turned their
hoi>e> 011 the green com and oats; but by far the greatest
rter-triu'tion was made by the ho-tile jndians befoic we took
the field, foi, owing to the imbecility of those in command,
tiie Indians were ietun the undisturbed possession oi the
conntiy loi more than a mouth.
Wherever we matched, we saw the ttnce<? of mischief—
houses and fences burned, cattle and hogs shot. At Noah-
nneco's and Neah-inathla-*s camps we lound hundreds of
dollars of piopetty, of almost every description, winch was
wholly lost to the original owners; and. altenvaid**, at the
Thovvanochaway, I saw large quantities of propcity that
iiad been plundeied fioin Alabama and Roanoke.
MANSFIELD TORRENCE.
Sworn to before me, this 20th day of November, 1837.
JAMES IIITCHCOCK, J. I. C.
Mr. TOOMBS. The testimony of the United
States commanding officer, Colonel Hogan, is
full and complete as to all these facts. The Gov-
ernment supported its troops and allies by taking
property from people of Alabama. Fifteen hun-
dred friendly Indians were enlisted by the United
States, under the head chief, Opoth-le-Yo-holo.
They had no commissariat, and were supported
from the cattle and supplies of the people of that
region. On the breaking out of disturbances,
many of the white settlers ran away—some
of them were killed. The property of many
was taken by the hostiles. The United States
came to their relief, and brought a small foice of
volunteers, with fifteen hundred friendly Indians
under the head chief, and therefore, I say the
Creek nation was not in war with us. Maraud-
ing parties committed depredations. Instead of
all Governments having been opposed to the al-
lowance of compensation in such eases, as the
Senator from Virginia says, all civilized Govern-
ments have forever acknowledged and acted upon
that puneiple; and the Senator cannot show me
the authouty of a single publicist, from the days
of the R uman empire until now, who has sus-
fnined any other principle. If these damages
bad occurred during a state of open war, the pub-
licists arc divided in opinion as to "whether they
should be responsible, though they all unite that
it is the duty of the Government to protect its in-
habitants, if jt has the power, from depredations
during a state of public war. The Government
had the ability here. But there was not a state
of war between the Creek nation and the United
States. A portion of the nation, against their
own lawful authorities, commuted those depre-
dations, and therefore it comes clearly within the
principle of the intercourse law's, and a principle
recognized in forty Indian treaties of this Gov-
