1856.
THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
boon ordered on the resolution since the gentle-
man renewed it.
Mr. WALKER. I withdraw the resolution
for the present,
Mr. FAULKNER. Then of course T with-
draw my proposition also. [Loud cries of " Call
the roll!"]
Mr. WHITNEY. I offer the resolutions which
I send to the Clerk's desk>
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved,.Thatthe Hon.
- be, and he is hereby,
declared Speaker of the House of Representatives of ttib
Thiity-Fourth Congress of the United States.
Resolved, That the above resolution lis reported by the
Clcik in blank, and it shall be m order for any member to
move that tbo blank be filled by the insertion of a name,
and that the resolution be adopted; on that motion the
yeas and nays shall be called, and whenever such motion
shall leccive a majority of votes, the peison tlien named
shall be Speaker of the House.
Resolved, That the name of any member once proposed
to fill the blank shall not be again proposed Without the
consent of a mujoiity of the members present and voting;
nor shall it be in order to move one candidate a second
tune so long a? any member desires to move the name of
one not yet proposed and voted upon.
Resolved, That all questions aiding upon a sccond mo-
tion to,insert the name of any person who has been once
proposed and voted for to fill the blank, shall be deeded
viva voce, or, m case of a doubt, shall be decided by tellers.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the second
resolution by striking out45 majority," and insert-
ing the fc<highest number."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. X want to submit
an amendment providing that no gentleman shall
be voted for who objects to it himself.
Mr. KNIGHT. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject upon the table.
Mr. DUNN. 1 call for the yeas and nays upon
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. It is evident that we shall
do nothing here to-day. I move that the House
do now adjourn; and on that motion I demand
tellers.
The CLERK appointed Messrs. Campbell of
Kentucky, and Covode, to act as tellers.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 53, noes 71. So the motion was
not agreed to. ^
The question then recurring upon the motion
to lay the resolution and accompanying amend-
ments upon the table, it was put, and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 146, nays 44; as follows:
YEAS—>Iessrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Banks,
Bsuhour. Baiclay, Barksdulo, Boll, I-Jcniy .Bennett, Ilendley
S. Bennett, Benson, Billmgliur t, Bingham, Bliss, BococR,
Bowie, JBiadshaw, liienton, Cutimgton, Builmgame, Bur-
nett, LfWis D. Campbell, Camthcr-, Caskie, Chalice, Claw-
son, Clingman., Howell Cobb, Williamson 11. W. Cobb,
Colfax, Comma, Covode, Ci agin, Oraige, Cumback, Damiell,
Timothy Davis, Day,Dean, Dt Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Dowdcll, Durfee, Edmund^on, Emue, English, Faulknei,
Floienee, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddings, Gilbert. Ooodc,
Granger, Greenwood, Ciow, llmlan, tfnmpum W. Ilanis,
Thomas L. ITairis, Ileibeit, Ilickni.m, llolloway, Thomas
R. llorton, Valentine B. Ifoi'on, Houston, Howard, Hughs-
ton, Jewctt, Geoige W. Jone«, J. Glancy Jones, Kelley,
Kelsev, Kidwell, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Leitei,Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel S Mai^li:ill, Mat-
teson, Maxwell, McCarty, MeMulhn, McQueen, Meaeham,
Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Moirill, Nichols, Norton,
Paikcr, Peavce, Peck, Peltwn, PetUL, Phelps, Pike, Powell,
Pungle, Purvianee, Richardson, llobbms, Jtuffin, Ru^l,
Sabm, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Sherman, Simmons, Wil-
l>nm Smith, Spinner, ritanton, Stewart, Stianahan, Tappan,
Thornigton, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Wade, Walbudgc,
Waldion, Walker, Wainei, Cadwaiader C. Waslibume,
Elhhu B. Wa^hbume, Isiael Washburn, Watkins, Wat-
son, Welch, Wells, Williams, Wmslow, .Wood, Woodruff,
Woodworth, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—146.
NAYS—Messrs. Bishop, Boyce, Bioom, John j'. Camp-
bell, Caiiile, Cox, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Dunn, Edwaids, Etliendgc, Eu>us, Evans, Foster, Hciny
M. Fuller, J. Morrison Harin, Hainson, Haven, Iloliman,
Kennett. Lake, Lmdley, Alexander K. Marshall, Hum-
pinev Marshall, Moore, Moidecai Oliver, Pame. Potter,
Quitman, Readc, Ready, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, William
It. Smith, Swope, Talbott, Tavlor, Tnppc, Underwood,
Valkj Wakeman, Whitney and Zolhcoffer—44.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
When the name of Mr. Sneed was called,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, announced that
Mr. Sneud was detained from the House by sick-
ness, which accounted for liis not answering to
his name.
Mr. CARLILE. I move the adoption of the
resolution which I send to the Clerk*s table; and
upon it I move the previous question.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Hon. William Smttii, of Virginia, be,
f>wlh<Ms herjby, declaied Speaker of this Houae, for the
Tlu« ty- Foui th Congiess.
.The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. CARLILE. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was not
agreed to.
. The question was then put upon the adoption
of the resolution; and there were—yeas 47, nays
131; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bowie, Boyce, Broom, John P.Camp-
bell, Carlile Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox, Cullen, Dow-
dell, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans. Faulkner, Foster, Henry M.
Fuller, J. Morrison Hairh, ilerbeit, Hoffman, Kennett,
Lake, Lmdley, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphiey Mar-
shall, McMuIhn, McCiucen, Millson, Paine, Quitman,
Reade, Heady, Richardson, Rust, Savage, William 11. Smith,
Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Taj lor, Tnppe, XJndei wood,Valk,
Walker, Warnei, Watkms, "Whitney, John V. Wnght, and
Zolhcoffer—47.
NAYS—Messrs, Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Baibour,
Barclay, Darksdale, Ilemy Bennett, I-lentilcy S. Bennett,
Ben.-on, Billinghui.^t, Bliss, Bocock, Bradthaw, Brenton,
Bnfimgton, Builmgame, Burnett, Lewis D. Campbell,
Caruther-*, Ca^kie, Chaffee, dawson, Chngman, Howell
Cobb, Col lax, Coming", Covode, Ciagm, Craige, Cumback,
Damrell, David&on, Homy Winter Davis, Timothy Davi>?,
Dav, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee,
Edie, Edmundson. Edwards, Eiliott, Emne, English. Flor-
ence, Thomas J,' D. Fuller, Gilbeit, Goode, Greenwood,
(iiow, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris,
Harrison, Hickman, llolloway, Thomas R. Xlorton, Val-
entine B. Horton, Houston, Uowaid, Hugheton, Jewctt,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, King,
Knapp, Kmght, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Letcher, Lump-
kin, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, Mc-
Caity, Meaeham, Smith Millci, Moore, Morgan, Motrill,
Mott, Nichols, Norton, Mordeeai Oliver, Parker, Pearcc,
Peck, Pelton, Phelps, Pike, Powell, Pringle, Purvianee,
Robbms, Ruthn," Sabm, Sandidge, Sapp. Scott, Sherman,
Samuel A. Smith. Spinner, Stranalian, Tappan, Thormgton,
Thurston, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Wal bridge, Waldron,
Cadwaiader C. Washlmrne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Ir-rael
Washburn, Welch, Wells, Williams, Win-low, Wood,
Woodruff, Woodxvorth, and Daniel B. Wright—131.
So the resolution was not agreed to.
After the result was announced,
Mr. SANDIDG-E. I desire to say that I ad-
dressed the Cleric before the vote was announced,
[Cries of*'Order!" " Order!"]
The CLERIC. The gentleman is out of order,
as no debate is in order.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I only wish to say that I
shall change my vote.
The CLERIC. It is too late, as the vote has
been announced.
Mr. CRAIGE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. MORGAN. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. VAiL^and
Cumback were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported—
ayes 8G, noes 29.
The House accordingly (at three o'clock and
fifteen minutes) adjourned till to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
> Tuesday, January 22, 1856*.
The House was called to order by the Clerk
at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. VALK. I move a call of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. Upon that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and there were—
yeas 74, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Bark«dale,Bell, Ilendley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Broom, Cadwaiader,
John P. Campbell, Cathie, Caslae, Howell ('obi), Cox,
Craigo, Cullen, Davidson, Bowdoil, Dunn, Ednmmlsoii,
Edwards, Elhendge, Eu->tis, Evans, Faulknci, Florence, .
Henry M. Fuilei, Thomas J.'D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, I
Sampson W. Hams, ilamson, Haven, lleibort, Hoffman, 1
Houston. Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Lake, 1
Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexandoi K. Marshall, Hum- :
phrev Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullm, McCiucen, Millson, j
Mordeeai Oliver, Orr, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Quit- j
man, Ready, Ricaud, Richardson, Ruthn, Rust, Savage, I
William Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Va!k, !
Walker, Wamei, Watkms, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, j
and John V. Wnght—74. j
NAYS—'Messis. Albriaht, Allison, Banks, Barbour, Hen-
ry Bennett, Benson, Bdhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Brad- I
shaw, Bienton. Buffingfon, Burlmgame, Burnett, Lewis !
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Claik, Clawson, Chngman, ;
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comms, Claim, Cum- !
back, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Do Witt, Du-k, :
Dickson, Doild, Durfee, FHiott. Emne, English, Foster, Gid- 1
dings, Gran get, G<ow, Hailan, Thojfias L. Hams, Hollo- I
way, Thomas R. Iloiron, VaJeiilme B. Iloiton, Ilowaid, :
Ilugh.^ton, Jewctt, Kclsey, Kiuw 11, King, Knapp, Knight, J
Knowlton, Knox, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, |
Meaeham, ICiUian  Miller; Bmith Miller, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pel-
ton, PemnngtoJi, Pottit, Pike, Porter, Pftngle, Purvianee,
Reade, Ritchie, Sabin, Sapi>, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Stranahan,
Swope, Tappan, Thormgton, Thurston, Todd, Trippe,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwaiader C.
Washbume, EitihuB. Wa^hburne, Israel Washburn, Wat-
son, Welch, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Wood-
woith, and Zollicoffer—110.
So a coll of the House was refused.
Mr. MACE (when his name was called),said:
I have paired off for the day with the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood.)
Mr. BOYCE. I beg leave to ojer the resolution
I send to the Clerk's table, and upon it I move
the previous question.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas our relations with Great Britain are of the most
threatening character, indicating that we may be upon the
eve of the most startling events; and whereas it is tho im-
perative duty of the House, at this juncture of imminent
peril, not to abdicate its great mission, but to fulfill it by
oiganizing, if possible, upon such a basis as will give peace
to our distiaotod country, and enable it to present an undi-
vided trout to the common enemy: Therefore,
Resolved, That the conservative elements of this House
should unite m a sincere etToit to elect a Speaker, who will
represent the great ideas of peace for ourselves and the
sword lor tho stranger.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
FLORENCE. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused. •
Mr. STEPHENS. I propose, before the
question is put, that the. gentleman who off<|jysd
the resolution be permitted to state to the HdSse
the facts upon which he makes the announce-
ment confainod in the resolution.
The CLERK. If there be no objfiction, the
gentleman from South Carolina can cEo so.
Mr. STEPHENS. If we are upon the ere of
a war, I dosire to say I know nothing about it.
Objection was macie by several members, and
leave was consequently refused.
The question was then put upon the motion of
Mr. Morgan; and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. BOYCE. I call for the yens and nays
upon the motion to lay upon the table.
The CLERK. The yeas and nays were re-
fused, yet tho Clerk thinks the call is in order.
Mr. CRAIGE. I appeal from that decision
of the'Clerk, as he had announced tlie decision
of the question before the call was made.
The CLERK. The Clerk, on reflection, thinks
he was in error in holding the call f#r the yeas
and nays in order, and lnf now rules it out of
order, as the yeas and nays have just been refused
upon the same motion.
PROPOSITION FOR ORGANIZATION.
Mr. TYSON. I offer the following resolu-
tions :
Resolved, That the candidate for Speaker who shall at
any time hereafter receive the highest number of votes from
a quorum of members, though it bo less than a majority of
the whole number of voles polled, shall be duly declared
Speaker of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, provided that he and
each of the other candidates shall have the appointment of
the standing committers in proportion to the number of
votes respectively received by each; but that no candidate
whose vote shall be less than twenty-five shall be entitled
to any Appointment under this resolution.
Resolved, That the officiating cierk *hall compute and
assign to tho respective candidates the number of mem-
bers they may be scvcialiy entitled to appoint under the
fmegomg resolution ; piovided, however, tiiat hi-5 decisions
shall be open to appeal.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I move to lay the
resolutions on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
RESOLUTION PROHIBITING DEBATE.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 move that tlfe resolution
introduced the other day by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clistgman,] precluding
debate for one week, be rescinded; and on that
motion I call fur Uie yeas and nays.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the motion to rescind on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
VOTES FOR SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to vote the one
hundred and nineteenth time for Speaker, with
the following result: "Whole numoer of votes
cast, 195; necessary to a choice, 98; of which— -
Nathaniel P. Banks received    91
William A. Richardson      t>/
