.«8&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Henry M. Fuller    ^
Lewis D. Campbell -  f
Alexander C. M. Pennington  i
Gilchrist Porter.
EJiS. Slioiter    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs: Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
bj1&&, Brarisltaw, Brenton, Buflington, Burlmgame, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, dawson, Collax, Comms, Covode,
Cragin, CumbacK, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
De VVitt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durlee, Edie, Emue, Gid-
dings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Hat ten, IJolioway, Thomas
li. Hoitoa, Valentine 13. Horton, Howard, Ilughston, Kel-
8ey, King,Knapp, Ktiight, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Matte-
son, MeOarty, Mcaeham, Killian Mdlor, Morgan, Morrill,
Molt, Nichols, Norton, Andicw Oliver, FSrkei, Pelton,
Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Puivianee, Ritchie, Bobbins, Sabm,
Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Suanahan,
Tappan, Thonngton, Thur-ton, Todd, Tyson, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbndge, WaJdron, Cadwalader C. Wa&h-
burne, F.llihu B. Washburne, Is-iaei Washburn, Watson,
Welch, Wood. Woodrulf. and Woodwoith.
For Mr. Richardson— Messrs Aiken, Allen, Barelo.y,
Barksdale, Bell, Ilendlcv S. Bennett, Boeock, Bowie,
Boyce, Burnett, Cadwaladci, Carutucrs, Caskic, Chngman,
Howell Cobb, William-on It. W. Cobb, Cnugc, Davidson,
Dowdell,Edmuiidson, Elliott,English, Faulkner, Florence,
Thomas J. D. fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Sampson W.
Ilai ris, Thomas L. Uai 1i<, Hcibcrt, Ilou 4on, Je wett,, George
W. Jones, J. Glancv Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lump-
kin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, iVIeMulhri, MctAueon,
Smith MiUei, Milbon, Moide< ai Oliver, Orr, Peck, Pli< Jp-,
Powell, Gluitman, lluffinjtu't, Samhdiio, Savage, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Stephen*. Sunvair/PalbotVPaj -
lor, Warner, Watkmi, Wells, Williams, Win.-dow, Darnel
B. Wright, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fullei— Mev'>is. Bioom, John P. Campbell, Car-
lile, Bayaid Clark, Cox, Cullen, flemy Wmier Davis,
Etheridge, Eustis, Evan?, Fo.-ter, Hoffman, Kennett, L ike,
Lmdley, Alexander K. Marshall, lltmiplucy Mar.-hall,
Pailie, Porter, Reade, Ready, Bieaud, William It. Smith,
Snood, Swopo, Tnppe, Valk, Walkei, Whitney, and Zol-
lieofier.
For Mr. Campbell—Messrs. Dunn, Edwaids, Hairison,
Moore, and Scott.
For Mr. Pennington—yh. Haven.
For Mr Porter—Mi Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Shatter—Mr. Richardson.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FLORENCE said: It is proper for me to
say to the House, that Mr. Puryear paired of!',
some days ago, with Mr. Hall, of Massachu-
setts. 1 believe that I was charged before with
givingnolice of this to the House, but I forgot it.
He also announced that his colleague, Mr.
Hickman, had paired off with his other col-
league, Mr. Pearce.
The Hon wo proceeded to vote the one hundred
and twentieth time for Speaker, with the follow-
ing result: Whole number of votes cast, 194;
necessary to a choice, OS; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 91
William A.«iUiehdidsou 67
Henry M. Pullet  , 
Lewi* D Campbell 4
Alexander C. M. Pemiingtou  3
Gilchrist Potter  i
William Aiken   1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mt. Bnik-, — Mews. Albii«ht. Alhson, Baibour,
Homy Bemmti, Ben-on, BilhnghutBimihain, Bishop,
lilies, f'nid-lmv, iiivnion, Butlmgmn. Bui hn^ame, Lewis
D. Campbell. Cl)aii>-r>, Claw. ou, Collax, Comms, ('ovode,
Ciagm, Cmiibaek. Damrell, Timothy lUvi,., U.u , l)ea.i,
Do Wilt, Du k. Diek-on, Dodd, Duiiee, S'die, Lmne, Gul
dings, (.'ifbeir, Gr.mgei, Craw, II.nfait, ffollowaj, Thomas
11. llorton, Valentine B Hoiton, Hov\ aid , Hugh ion, lul-
sey, King, Knapp. Ktuglil, Knowiroti. Kuo\, D-mei. Mai-
10-50H, MeCarty, Meachsuu, Killiau 3hilei, Mni<n,i; Moi n!J.
Mott, Nichols, Noxton, Andtew Oh\ci, Pan.j't, Pcltou^
Pettit.Pike, Ptingle, Purvianee, lvitehie, Bohi)in>, Sebm.
Sapp, aiieunan, SSunmon^, ^pm-iei, St.mton. K:iar..Uian,
Tappan, Thonngton, Timi.-toii, 'J'od«u T-.f-on, \\ ade'.
Wakeman, Walbndge. Wulaion, Cadwairdo C. Vra^li-
burnn, EUsbu B. Wasl.bume, Israel Wa>!Umin, Wat.on,
V\'ole >., Wood, Woodruft, and Woodwoitli.
For Mr. Ridu.uLon, — Messrs. Aiken, Allen. P.aieiav,
Ba:Ks-!a]e.B"ll, Uendlej rf. Bennett, Bocoek. Bowio, Eo\ ee,
Burnett. Cadwalader.Caiuiln^Oaskjc. Clubman, U(<\\e!l
Cobb, vViiliamsoii i\, W. Cobb. Ciaige, Davidson, Dowde!!.
Edmund-oil, Eiuotf, Enj;l^i>, Faulkaei, Floteiu-e, Ti'omas
J. 1). Fuller, Goode, Gieenwood, Samp>on W. Harris,
Thomas L. ll'iuj-, Heibeit, Houston, Jcwctt, Geoi>io W.
Jones, J Clancy jone-., Kellv, Ividwell,Letehei, Lumpkm.
Samuel S. Ma^iiall. Muwvell, Mc?dul!ni, Me(iueen, Smith
ner, WaUcniSj \Ve!!>. Wdiiamy, Wmslow, Daniel b.
Wugist, and John V. Wught.
For Mr. Fuller—Messts. Broom. John P. Campbell, Car-
hie, Bayaid Cl.uk, Cox, Cullen, Henry Wmtor Davis, Eth-
eridge, Evan-, Fo«jtei, Hoffman, Kennett, Lake, Lmdley,
Alexander K. .Mair-hail, Humphrey Marshall, Pame. Porter,
Keade, Heady. Paeaud, William R. Smith, Svvope, Tnppe,
'ValK, Waiker, '\Vluracy, and ZolhcoiTei. '
For Mr. Campbell—Me6st6, Edwards, Ilarrirfon, Moore,
and Scott.
For Mr. Pennvigton-^Massrs. Dunn and Haven.
For Mf. Porter—Mr. Henry M. Fuller.
For Mr. Jiiken—Mr. Richardson.
[Cries of" Call the roll!"]
The House then proceeded to vote the one
hundred and twenty-first time for Speaker, with
the following result: Whole number of votes
cast, 195; necessary to a choice, 98; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received  91
William A. Richardson    67
Heniy M. Fuller  29
Lewis D. Campbell   5
Alexander C. M. Pennington    1
Gilchrist Porter  X
James C. Allen 1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For 31). Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Ileniy Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Biadshavv, Brentou, Buffington, Burhngame, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Clawson, Colfax, Comms, Covode,
Cragui, Cnmbaek, Damiell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Duiiee, Edie, Eunie, Gid-
dmgs, Cdbeit, Grangei, Grow, Hailan, Holloway, Thomas
11. Iloiton, Valentine B Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kcl-
sey, King, Knapp, Kniglit, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Mat-
ter-on, MeOarty, Meacham, Killian Miller, Morgan, Monill,
Mott, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, ParUei, Pelton,
I'ettit, Piko, Prmglc, Purvianee, liitcbie, Rohbms, Sabm,
S.^pp, Sherman, Snmnons, Spinner, Stanton. Stranahan,
Tappan. Thoi ington, Tli ur>ton, Todd, Tyson, Wade,Wake-
man, \\"albiidge, Waldion, Cadwalader C. Wa-3hburne,
Elhhu B. Washbuine, f>rael Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wood, WoodntiF, and Woodwoith.
For Mr. R'rhaid^on—'yh'ssis. Aiken, Allen, Baielay,
Baiksdalo, Bell, Hondley S. Bennett, Boeoek, Bowie,
Boyce, But nett, Cadwalader, Caiutlnus, Caskie, Chngman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Ciaige, Davidson,
Dowdell, Edmund?on, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Floienee,
Thomas J. i). Fuller, Goode, Gieenwood, Satnp on W.
Hariis, Thomas L. Ilain.s, Hetbett, Houston, Jewett,
G-'Oure W. Jouo^, J. Gl.iuey Jones. Kelly, KnUvell, Letehei,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Maishall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Mc-
Uueen, Smitb Miller, Million, Motdeeai Oliver, Orr. Peck,
Phelps, Powell. Quitman, Ruliin, Ru>t, Sandidge, Savage,
S<unuel A. Smith, William Smith. Stephen-', {--tewait, T.d-
hott, Taylor, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Williams, Wmslow,
Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright.
Fur Mr. Fuller—Mes-sts. Broom, John P. Campbell, Car-
lile, liujaid Claik, Cox,Cullen,Henry Wmtei Davis, E',h-
endj'e, Eu^hs, Evans, Foster, IloUman, Keil®fctt, Lake,
Lmdley, Alexander K. .Marshall, Huinphiev Maishall,
Pame, porter, iteade, Bead), Hieaud, \Viliiim K. Smith,
Swopt', Tnppe, Vnlfc, Walker, Wbitnev, and Zolheod.M.
Campbell—Mo srs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Mooie, and Seott.
For Mr. l'cuamnion—-Mr. Ilaven.
For M>. Portcr—^h. Iletny M. Fuller.
For M,. ^ttlcn—Tilr. Richardson.
Ponding the call of the roll,
Mr. COVOOK stated lliat Mr. Ivunkel had
I paired oil' wifii Mr. IjRvncu.
i Mr. ZOLLICOFFEll. X move that the House
do liiiw adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and theicupon (at
five nunutcs pa.s t two o'clock) (he IIousc adjourned
until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 23, 185G.
The House was called to oidcr by the Clerk at
! twehv o'clock, m.
I ThrJoui nal of yesterday was read and approved.
I "WITHDRAWAL OF MR. RICHARDSON.
| Mr. lUCHARDSO.N. Mr. Clerk, [ nsk the
^ uiKi tnnious conhent of the House to bubmit some
! remarks iu iho ii.tlure of a ])ersonal explanation,
j whieh will not, i am sure, consume ten minutes
1 of i i iiii ■.
| The CLERK. Is there any objection to the
: g'-nisenian from Illinois x^roceeding with his per-
| sonal explanation 5
i There was no objection,
i Mr. lliCHAKDiriOiV. Mr. Clerk, I desire to
t announce to this House and the country that after
i to-day my name will be unconditionally with-
' diawn from the pending canvass for the spcaker-
[ ship. I announce the fact in advance, that my
! friends and those who have voted for me here-
tofore may determine what, under the circum-
stances, it'is their duty to do. I have been sens-
ible, as I have no doubt the country has, that
no contingency could happen to place me m the
Speaker's chair. Sir, I have never desired an
election. Still, it is with pleasure and pride that,
without hope, my friends ha^e stood firm and
immovable m this protracted contest. This mani-
festation of their confidencc, so oftr-n expressed,
is more valued by mc than an election could be.
It is said to be an exhibition of the highest hero-
ism to lead up troops to a fire which they cannot
return, and iu a fight where there is no hope of
victory. Sir, we have presented the evidence to
our political friends that there was no hope for
success, "\frhen we have marched one hundred and
twenty-two times up to the fire of a foe two to
our one; and while wo have not won the field,
they arc n©t victorious.
Mr. Clerk, I am sincerely desirous, to see the
House organized. It has been intimated here and
elsewhere that my name stood in the way of its
organization. I desire to relieve the House, by
an unconditional withdrawal of my name. Gen-
tlemen who have acted with me will bear testi-
mony to the declaration, that the position I have
occupied is not of my own seeking; that it is one
from which I have again and again endeavored
to retire. Thoy have, seen fit to continue me in
the position where thoy placed me at the begin-
ning of this session of Congress. In the vain
hope that by this announcement I may enable,
so far as 1 can, the House to organize, and pro-
ceed to the discharge of the business which is
imposed on it, I have deemed it my duty to sub-
mit these remaiks. I hope this course may lead
to a speedy organization. I fear that discord will
still reign in this Hall, and that history will
record the fact as an evidence against our ability
for self-government.
PRAYERS FOR THE HOUSE.
Mr. DOWDELL. Mr. Clerk, 1 offer the fol-
lowing resolution, and on its adoption call for the
previous question:
Wheieas, the people of these United States, from their
earliest history to the present tune, have been led by the
hand of a kind Pioudence, and ate indebted foi the count-
le<-? blowings of the past and pie.-ent, and dependent for
continued pro.-peuty m the future on Almighty God; and
wheieas the gicit \ ital and eonseivativo element in oui sys-
tem lr, the belief ol our people in the puio doctrines and
divine truths of the i;o-=pel of Je-'us Clnist, it eminently
becomes the Representatives of a people so highly lavoied,
to aoknouiedgi in the most public manner then leveienee
ioi God Therefon-,
Resolved, First, that the daily sessions of this House be
opened with piayei ; and
Second, That the ministers of the gospel in this eity aie
lieieby iequc&ted to attend, and alternately perform this
solemn duty.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I second the call for the
previous question.
The mam question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. STEPHENS. I vote against the icsolu-
lion, because I do not think we can do anything
in the way of business before wc organize.
Mr. SIMMONS. Wo can do this as well with-
out an organization as with it.
Mr. ELLIOTT. Wc need not go out of the
]louse for religious consolation; there are min-
isters of the gospel enough m our midst to do all
our praying.
The CLERK. The ayes seem to have it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for a divis-
ion.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted, there being on a division—ayes 84,
noes 39.
VOTE FOR SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to vote the one
hundred and twenty-second time for Speaker,
with the following result: Whole number of
\ot<'S cas\, 194; necessary to a choice, 98; of
which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received  90
WilJkim A. Uieluudson   65
Hentv M. Fuller   30
Lewis D. Campbell.    5
Alexander C. M. Pennington  1
Giiehii: t J'oiter   1
Ho well Cobb  1
John Williams  I
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison. Ball, Barbour,
Ilemv Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Bienton. Bufftnsfton, Burhngame, Lewis D.
Campbell,Chaflee, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Ciagin, Cnm-
baek, Damtell, Tunotiiy Davis Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick,
Dicloon, Dodd, Duifee, Edie, Emne, Giddmgs, Gilbert,
Grander, Giow, Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston. Kelsev, King,
Knapp, Kiuzht. Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Mace, Matteson,
MeCaity, M'eacham, KiJhan Miller, Moigan, Moinll,Mott,
Nichols, Norton, Andicw Oliver, Paiker, Pelton, Pettit,
Pike, Piim>io, Purvianee, Ritchie, Bobbins, Sabm, Sapp,
Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stianahan. Tappan,
Thoiington,Thurston, Todd, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge
WaJdron, Cadwalader 0. Washbmne, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Wood-
ruff,and Woodwoith.
For Mr. Richcuckon — Mes^is. Aiken, Allen, Barclay,
Baiksdale, Hendley S. Bennett, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyq#,
i Buinett, Cadwalader, Caiutheis, Caskie, Cnngman, How-
