ism
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August I,
this body so as to be capable to be presented in |
its aro'iunrnte or facts against the claim. t
The l.H is for the payment of $349,000, with
a provision for reclamation in Florida that 1 ex- \
pect will reach >150,000 more. Half a million ;
of d< liars is involved, for I imagine there will be ,
no d.fncuky in the Florida claimants being able
to « stnblish at least $151),000, and that will be very .
moderate for them. Notwithstanding the large
amount of appropriation, it is proposed to pass 1
the hill immediat* ly. If yon pay the Georgia
and AUbainaclaims you must hereafter pay those
from Florida. No matter what arguments may
have been contained in the report made on this
subject at first, though the action may have been
adverse from the beginning, if you now pass this
bill with a provision to send the revived commis-
sion to Florida, you will have to pay the claim
presented in the State of Florida. You will be
precluded, and ought to be precluded, by paying
the Georgia and Alabama claims, from the power-
of investigating the others. Then the Senate is
not merely considering the payment of $349,000,
but also the probable amount that will come in
from other Quarters under the provision of the
bill as amended.
Now, Mr. President, I do not believe the matter
ought to be a^ted on in this hasty way. Hereto-
fore the effort has been made to put this claim on
the Indian appropriation bills, which has been
resisted on grounds of propriety and parliament-
ary order; and on such a question gentlemen did
not choose then to go into the merits of the claim
to any extent. For this reason, i can find but a
very few pages of discussion upon it in the de-
bates of the last three or four Congresses. I am
satisfied that, while I was a member of the House
Committee on Indian Allaire, an adverse report
was submitted to, and adopted by, that committee;
though ( am not certain that it was presented to
the House of Representatives, because nobody
-was anxious to have any more adverse reports
♦here. I have been looking to see if 1 couid find
a reference to it in the Debates and Journals, but
I have been unable to do so, for the time has
been too short to allow me to make any critical
examination of the volumes. I know that the
claim did not meet the approbation of the com-
mittee of the House of Representatives when it
was referred to it*, and they considered thftt if
anybody owed the money it was the Crooks, I
was a member of the House during the Thirtieth,
Thirty-First,and Thirty-Second Congresses, and
I know that that was the view of the Indian
Committee then.
Mr. FESSENDRN. Allow me to ask my
friend from Arkansas a question. I understood
it to be stated that the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Florida had ben accepted.
I wish to inquire if that amendment has been
accepted ? I do not undcistand how it can be. I
take it this bill is reported from a committee, and
an amendment is moved by the Senator from
Florida, to put on another class of claims. It is
said that has been accepted. Hy whom has it
been accepted ? What right has anybody to
accept it? I should like to know what right any
Senator who reports a bill from a committee has
to accept an amendment to includc another class
of claims? I make the point; at any rate I wish
to be informed on it.
Mr. FITZPATfUCK. Strictly speaking, per-
haps, the Senator's exception is well taken. I
was appealed to if the amendment would be sat-
isfactory to me. I answered affirmatively, because
a law now exists authorizing the commissioner
to do this duty. That law has never been repealed,
and the amendment is merely to reonact it. The
law now authorizes the sending of a commission
to Florida to examine into these claims. So far
as my functions were concerned, I was content
to have it a part of the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair mis-
understood the Secretary. He supposed that this
bill Itad been proposed by the Senator from Ala-
bama, and had never been before a standing com-
mittee, and, therefore, allowed the acceptance of
an amendment. I do not think it is m order for
the Senator from Alabama to accept an amend-
ment to a bill reported by a standing committee.
Ihat will require the action of the Senate
Mr. JOHNSON. Unquestionably I take it the
amendment must he voted on by the Senate.
TnePiUiSimCr OFFICER. Certainly. The
fuestion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Wida.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I trust the amendment
will be adopted, for if one part ts to be paid the
other should be paid also. The amendment is
merely to authorize commissioners to go and in-
vestigate and make their teport, as has been done
in the cases of the Alabama and Geoigia claims.
I now call the attention of gentlemen of the
Senate to the fact, that this matter has been stand-
ing here for twenty years. It is twenty years
since the depredations were committed, in 1838, j
the House of Representatives investigated the
claims. There has been, since that time, as so
many were interested, a constant and unceasing
effort to get an appropriation for the purpose of
paying fur all these depredations. It has been
steadily resisted. Strong, lengthy, and mature
reports have unquestionably been made against
it heretofore. At this session, there has been
nothing of that sort: there is no minority report
from the Committee on Indian Affairs; and there
is no reference here even to the adverse report
made in the House many years ago; but the
Senate is about to pass the bill the very first time
it is called up on private claim day when I do
not believe there is a single member here in oppo-
sition to the bill, who is capable of presenting—I
even doubt whether the advocates of this bill can
present—the grounds on which it was opposed in
the report of Mr. Whittlesey, in 1838 or 1842.
This is too heavy a sum to be pressed through
so speedily. The honorable Senator from Georgia
knows that this bill appropriates an amount of
money that ought to call for some consideration
before it is passed. I believe that $500,000 spent
in this way is quite as much a loss to the Treas-
ury as $1*0,000 or $30,000 spent to improve a
harbor on a neglected coast. I do not think that
the bill should be passed without examination.
So far as a notice of its coming up is concerned,
I never hoard and I do not believe it was an-
nounced to the Senate that the matter was to
come up in three days. In fact, I never hoard of
it until yesterday, and then only in casual conver-
sation. I think the bill ought to be postponed;
and if no one else will make the motion I shall
move to postpone it to next Friday, and make it
the special order for that day, if the friends ot the
bill wish it to bo made the special order.
Mr. TOOMBS. So far as I am concerned, I
am willing, if the Senate will make the bill a
special order, to allow the Senator from Arkansas
to look into it as much as he pleases. The report
alludes to that made by Mr. Whittlesey, and
states its ground. That has been before the Sen-
ate for twenty years.
Mr. CLAY. I will accede also to that motion;
for 1 have no idea of pressing this bill through thr
Senate without consideration and examination of
iis merits. I think it will stand any investigation
that can be given. I will say, in addition to what
has been suggested by the Senator from Georgia,
that the report of Mr. Whittlesey, to which the
Senator from Arkansas refeis, has been read by
me repeatedly. It suggests no ground for op-
posing this claim that has not been preferred by
all its opponents on this floor. It suggests the
only ground on which any show of opposition can
be sustained, namely: that this was a war, and
the Government is not bound to insure the prop-
erty of its citizens against the depredations of an
enemy during war. That is the sole ground on
which that report rests.
But before this bill is postponed I desire to cor-
rect one or two remarks of the Senator from Ark-
ansas. He speaks, I suppose, with a view to
piejudice the claim, about agents who have been
pressing it for consideration. There is no agent
here asking for its consideration.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not say there is. I
spoke of the time when I was m the House of
Representatives.
Mr. CLAY. There may have been at that
time one, but there is not now. I wish to say
that this claim is better verified by proof than
any private claim which I ever saw exhibited in
the Senate. It is sustained by testimony which
is clear and conclusive, and which was satisfac-
tory to the commission appointed by the General
Governrnt nt.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator from Alabama
will allow me, I will say that there are agents
here for some of these claims, and I have been
annoyed bythem excessively. Agents are about
here all the time.
Mr. CLAY. There are no agents liere about
this claim, that I know of or have heard of. I
wish ^say now that I think the General Gov-
ernment is pledged to the payment of this cuvrn,
and I do not think that it can avoid paying it with-
out violating its own faith.
Mr. BROWN. When the discussion on this
matter commenced in the morning, I interposed
an objection to this bill. My objection was to
its form—to its phraseology. It seemed to me
that it opened the doors of the Treasury too
wide. I asked for a limitation on the amount.
I got that limitation in the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] in
terms quite as explicit as I could desire. The
proviso moved by the Senator from New York,
and accepted by the Senator who introduced the
bill, guards it, I think, sufficiently, i mean,
therefore, to vote for it.
Having made that declaration, I desire to add
simply, that this claim is no stranger to me. I,
like my friend from Arkansas, have had occasion
to examine it as a member of the Committee on
Indian Affairs. I believe it to be just. During
this session it somehow or other escaped my at-
tention. When it was reported from the com-
mittee of which I am a member, I happened not
to be present; I did not know that the bill was
here until this morning; but so far as the actual
merits of the case are concerned, I have no ques-
tion as to the claimants being en titled to the money.
I make this declaration on what I conceive to be
as thorough an investigation of the subject as I
am capable of giving.
The Government appointed a commission to go
and examine these claims. The presumption is,
that they made a thorough and proper investi-
gation. They reported a certain amount of dam-
ages. I think in sending out the commission the
Government acknowledged its liability. The
mere act of sending the commission to investi-
gate how much damage had been done, was an
admission on the part of the Government that
there was a just claim against the Government
to the amount of the assessment; but if no such
admission had been made, I am free to say that,
m my judgment, such claims are legitimate
against the Government.
If you go to war with Indian tribes, and pend-
ing the war they make depredations on my prop-
erty, being provoked thereto by the act of the
Government, the Government is responsible. You
hold yourself responsible for depredations com-
mitted by a foreign enemy. Who doubts that, if
you were at war with England to-day, and your
act provoked her troops to commit depredations
on the property of my friend from Virginia, the
Government would be responsible for the dama-
ges? That, I take to be a proposition so clear,
and so long acted on by the Government, that it
is not open to dispute. I do not mean to take the
ground that you are responsible for all the dama-
ges committed, but I mean to say, that if, by your
act, you provoke an enemy to commit depreda-
tions on private property, you are responsible for
the damages. We nave acted on that principle
for many years. I believe the principle to be
sound. On that principle arc based all these
claims, as I understand. So understanding, I
am for voting the $349,000 now proposed under
the restrictions contained in the proviso moved
by the Senator from New York. I was not for
the original bill, because, as I stated in the outset,
it proposed to open the whole Treasury of tho
Government, and left the Secretary of War to
say, upon rules of evidence, to be determined by
himself, how much money should be paid, and
how it should be paid. I was not for that kind
of legislation. I was for doing justice between
the Government and the claimants. With this
explanation, I have nothing more to say on the
case. Having examined it, I believe it to be just.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I think it proper to
say, that the criticism of the gentleman from
Arkansas, as to the difference between the amount
in the bill which I introduced two years ago,and
the amount in the present bill, arose from this
fact: the first bill went on the hypothesis of de-
ducting the amount paid out of the Treasury,
under the direction of the War Department, to
the State of Georgia, and the remainder was
stated. The provision of the amendment of the
