1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23.
united in voting the plunder to their favorites; I
' do not know whether they remain together and
divide it, or not. "I want the action of the House
yesterday sustained.- "We have, by a small ma-
jority, concurred in the Senate amendment, and
I trust that concurrence will not be reconsidered.
I wish an end to this matter.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman let me
ask iim a question ?
Mr, HAVEN. I cannot yield. I know enough
things to say upon this subject without being
questioned. I will try and make my statements
B<J as to cover the ground the gentleman's ques-
tion would reach, and thus answer it without
having it put.
I have spoken of two of the objects of this
Senate amendment; the remaining one is to allow
the executive departments hereafter to order their
own blank books, binding, and ruling, without
the interposition of the Superintendent of Public
Printing.
At first I thought I should like to get rid of this
provision; but I am willing, now, to hold on to
it. Since 1 find that in this very deficiency bill
we have over a million of dollars of deficiency for
paper, printing, &c., and that neither'the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing nor the Commit-
tee on the Public Printing can tell us how such
an enormous deficiency happened in this one
branch of service, and almost under the eye of
Congress itself, nor for what purposes the money
appropriated last year has been expended, I
would rather let the heads of Departments order
their own books. What they may order will not
even amount to one quarter of the extra compen-
sation to be given to the public printer if this
amendment fails.
But gentlemen say, why do we not pass a
separate bill or joint resolution, and send it to
the Senate, to accomplish this purpose? Ah!
Mr. Speaker, there is a delusion m that—that is
one Of the things that would drop to the bottom
of the dead sea of unfinished business. We did
pass a separate joint resolution last year, on
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Ready.] It was pure and unadulterated;
it was mixed up with nothing else. It declared,
as this amendment does, that the twenty per cent,
clause of the resolution of 1854 sliould not be
construed to apply to the public printer. It was
sent to the Senate. That body, on that occasion,
preferred that the public printers should have the
benefits of the twenty per cent, resolution The
Senate took to public printers, then—so that they
not only pocketed our resolution, but made a new
printer for their House. The election was then
only in the dim future. They have now tendered
us this amendment, in which, with other things,
to which 1 am not very much opposed, they pro-
pose to repeal the joint resolution granting the
twenty per cent, to the public printer, and I insist
that we ought to hold them to it. If wo do not
hold them to it, I want the country to know that
it is because the super-extra-economical Republi-
cans, on the one side, and the Democrats, whose
known weaknesses are economy, on the other,
unite and fuse to shave the public Treasury to
this enormous extent, for the benefit of a man in
whom they both seem to have, on this question, a
very deep and abiding interest. [Laughter.] I
hope this reconsideration will be voted llown. If
it is not, I have at least cleared my skirts of this
transaction, and discharged what I deemed a duty.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it not
meet better with the views of the gentleman from
New York to reconsider the vote concurring in
the amendment, strike out the objectionable por-
tions, and then concur in the portion which ap-
plies to the public printer ? *
_ Mr. HAVEN. Notatall. Inasmuch as there
is but about $1,900 on the one hand and $100,000
on the other, I much prefer to take the Senate
upon the hook where they have put themselves.
It we send the matter back in any other wav or
with any change, I am afraid they will get them-
selves off it, and between the two Houses; the
whole matter will be lost. We have the mat-
ter all m our own hands now; if we will firmly
keep hold of it we can stop this one abuse at
least.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I have
-not taken the floor for the purpose of discussing
the merits of this amendment, butforthe purpose
of replying to a point made by the gentleman
from New York against the Republicans and the
Democrats of this House, who have in connec-
tion voted against the proposition now up for re-
consideration. The gentleman seeks to make the
impression upon the public mind that those who
voted against this amendment are in favor of
giving this twenty per cent, to the public printer.
I utterly deny and repudiate the intimation. It
will be remembered by the members who were
then present, that at the time this amendment was
pending, I stated, with others, that while the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were unanimous in
recommending a non-concurrence in the amend-
ment, they were also unanimous in the opinion
that the twenty per cent, ought not to be allowed
to the public printer; in other words, that the
principle of the Senate amendment upon that
point was right, and would rcccive the sanction
of every member of that committee. This state-
ment was made-; and the gentleman from New
York endeavors to create an erroneous impression
when he charges that those who voted against
the amendment were in favor of giving the twenty
per cent, extra allowance to the public printer.
On what ground, sir, did we put our objection ?
Not that the amendment was wrong. Some of
the committee were of the opinion that the pro-
vision in reference to the twenty per cent, to the
librarian and his assistants oughtnottobegranted.
There was a diversity of opinion in regard to that,
because it was held that these officers were already
receiving that extra compensation.
But, upon the subject of paying to the public
printer this twenty per cent, extra allowance,
there was no diversity of opinion. Nor have I
heard any member on this floor advocate or-defend
the propriety of voting that allowance to the pub-
lic printer. Why, then, should the gentleman
from New York seek to create a false impression
upon the public mind by charging that members
of this House, of the one side or the other, are
in favor of a proposition, when he has not one
iota of ground to stand upon in making the
charge ?
Sir, I desire to state still'further the ground
upon which the Committee of Ways and Means
placed themselves. I called the attention of the
House to it the other day; I will do so again.
The Committee were opposed to interpolating
into your appropriation bills mere matters of
legislation. You know, Mr. Speaker—other
members know—all of us will know before this
Congress adjourns—that a more fatal blunder
could not be committed than to convert the appro-
priation bills into mere legislative bills. If that
be done, where can we stop? Where is it to
terminate? You put in this provision of legisla-
tion; another member offers and has introduced
another. You have your rules, which the Com-
mittee ofWays andMeans are seeking toenforce.
They call upon you to enforce them, and thus
keep your appropriation bills clear of everything
except the objects contemplated by those rules.
They are, by the rules, bills for appropriation,
and for nothing else. If we pass from that
object—if we vary from that line—if we admit
one subject-matter of legislation—with what pro-
priety and with what justice can we exclude
others ?
Now, I want to ask the" gentleman from New
York, if, when he knows there is a unanimity of
sentiment upon this floor in favor of the principle
of which he would have the country understand
him to be the peculiar advocate and defender;
when he knows that the unanimous judgment of
this House can be pronounced, any day, in favor
of that provision; when he has evidence that the
Senate will concur with us, because they have
adopted his amendment;—I-put it to him to know
whether, for the purpose of carrying this amend-
ment, he is prepared to repudiate our rules, and
to repudiate the principle upon which the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means invite you to stand,
to wit: that of keeping the appropriation bills
clear of all legislation and confined to the objects
for which they were intended—the making of the
necessary appropriations for carrying on the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. HAVEN, Does the gentleman desire an
answer ?
Mr. COBB. I do, sir.
Mr. HAVEN. I answer the gentleman from
Georgia, by saying I am perfectly willing, and
particularly anxious, to do it in reference to this
matter. The object of this amendment is simply
to cut off an old and enormous abuse, and not to
create a new office or place. It is to cut off a tap
from which they are constantly drawing from the
Treasury by thousands. It is not making new
legislation; it is taking out a cancer—cutting off
a diseased limb—and is leaving legislation where
it ought to be.
The gentleman asks me if I am willing, for
the purpose of getting this amendment now, to
forego our rules, instead of introducing the change
in a separate bill? I told the gentleman before,
that we sent to the Senate a separate bill, and his
friends in the Senate refused to take it up and
consider it. Your appropriation bills are full of
this kind of legislation—of limitations and re-
strictions on the proper use of money; and, when
the legislation of the country has got into this
state, this is the only way in which you can
legislate upon the subject.
Sir, my friends on the other side of the Hall
well know that, if this amendment is not con-
curred in, that is the last of the attempt to put
an end to the enormous expenditures in the public
printing. It is idle to talk of a separate bill. It
has been clung to, and this money has been pock-
eted, during this Administration; and, for one, I
am ready and desirous to get rid of it before we
Americans take the responsibility of the Govern-
ment upon our own hands.
Mr. COBB. My friend from New York may
relieve himself from all apprehension of that sort,,
as the responsibility will not fall upon him or his
party. There is no necessity for alarm upon that
subject. The gentleman waxes warm in the de-
fense of a principle which nobody opposes; he
becomes earnest in the advocacy of a provision
which nobody opposes. He seems determined
to be understood, and to be appreciated by the
country, as the peculiar friend, the peculiar advo-
cate, and the peculiar defender of this provision
against giving the public printer twenty percent,
extra. Now, if the gentleman from New York
will show us who are opposed to him in that
measure, I will give him some credit for the zeal
with which he defends a principle which nobody
opposeasfc
Mr^JpVEN. The votes of yesterday show-
fully.
Mr. COBB. But he fell Back again upon the
idea that the Senate refused to pass a bill of this
kind, which was passed by the House during the
last session. Well, if the Senate did, they have
given you the most satisfactory evidence that they
are now prepared to pass the bill, because the
adoption of this amendment by the Senate gives
you to understand that they are ready to coop-
erate with you in passing a law to take this
twenty per cent, extra from the public printer.
So there is nothing in all that the gentleman has
said upon that point.
But he says this is a proper manner to effect
this object, and to put a stop to this expenditure.
I ask him if every amendment which will have
the effect of lessening the appropriations is a
proper subject-matter to be placed in an appro-
priation bill? You have an officer who receives
five or ten thousand dollars; by abolishing the
office you get clear of the appropriation; but is it
legitimate to put in an appropriation bill a pro-
vision to abolish the office ? By repealing your
territorial laws you get rid of all the expenses of
your territorial governments; but is it legitimate
to put into an appropriation bill a provision re-
pealing the territorial laws? By reducing the
salaries of your different officers you would get
rid of a vast amount of expense; but is it legiti-
mate to reduce those salaries in a general appro-
priation bill ?
I thus show the gentleman that, when we pass
one inch beyond the line marked out by the rules,
we abandon the only restriction placed upon
Congress; and it becomes a mere matter of dis-
cretion with a majority of the House whether
they will put any provision into an appropriation
bill, or leave it out; and I am not willing to leave
that to the discretion of this or any other House
of Representatives. I prefer to stand by the
rule of the House, and especially as I regard it
as a good and safe rule.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to say a few words
upon this proposition. I am very much gratified
that this debate has sprung up at this time. I be-
lieve such a discussion will be much more useful
