THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C,
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, APRIL 26, 1856.
New Series....No. 64.
to the House, and to the country, than those in
which we usually indulge.
While I agree with the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Haven,] that the public printer is
not entitled, upon any principle of justice or
equity, to this money, yet I cannot agree that he
stands in a worse attitude than the other officers
whose salaries were raised by that bill of 1854.
How the gentleman voted upon that bill I do not
know, but the" public printer has just the same
right to this extra compensation as all those other
employes have—and that is none at all. They
were all overpaid before. When I say overpaid,
I use it in reference to the standard which every
individual adopts in getting work done for him-
self. If you or I go out to get work done, we let
it out to those who will do it at the lowest rate.
If this House adopts that standard, we were pay-
ing all those officers too much at the time the bill
was passed to increase their compensation. But
as the matter now stands, if I vote for the amend-
ment, I am obliged to vote for an increased allow-
ance to two or three other officers—the librarian
and his assistants. Now, I have never voted in
a single instance, since I have been here, to in-
crease the salary of any civil officer; and I tell
gentlemen now, that, notwithstanding this in-
crease of salary, a resolution will be brought in
here towards the close of this session giving extra
compensation, and a great many will vote for it,
professing not to understand it. I therefore wish
to inform all new members, and remind all old
ones, that when this large increase of salary was
made there was an express provision put into the
bill—as an excuse, not as a justification, for I
say it was intended as a mere excuse, and the
result has proved it—that the usual extra allow-
ance before given should not be given in future.
In opposing it, I then called the attention of gen-
tlemen to the fact, that that would be treated as
a nullity, and sure enough so it was; and at the
end of that very session you had the usual prop-
osition for extra allowance. And I now tell gen-
tlemen here, that if they look into a little paper
of contingentexpenditures, prepared by the Clerk
under a law of this House, they will find that a
great many of our employes get a larger amount
by way of extra allowance at a short session,
than they do by way of salary and emoluments;
and yet tile salaries which'we pay are so high,
that we find men coming here from all parts of
the Union, and struggling for these offices.
Sir, my principal object in rising was this; I
wished to call the attention of those gentlemen
who claim to be Republicans, and who are doubt-
less a majority on the floor, and to whom you,
sir, owe yourelection—1 wish, I say, to call the
attention of those wh Wis standing up for econ-
omy to this circumstance. You will find that for
the last few years the Salaries of the clerks and
subordinates, the doorkeeper and his subordi-
nates, the pages, the superintendent of the fold-
ing-room, and messengers, have been largely
increased. Now, 1 say to these gentlemen that
they will find that these officials—their own
friends—if they are allowed to retain their present
salaries, and especially if their salaries are in-
creased, will come in at the end of the session
asking extra allowance; and I should like to know
on what principle gentlemen are going to de-
nounce the Administration for its extravagance.
There are gentlemen who stand here and refuse
to vote money for the support of the Army, for
carrying on the Indian war that has broken out
on our frontiers, who refuse to vote appropria-
tions that are necessary, because you cannot feed
your army in the wilderness so cheaply as you
can feed them at home, or in your settlements—
there are gentlemen, I soy, who stand up and
denounce appropriations in the deficiency bill for
the support of the army that is engaged in de-
fending women and children on your frontiers;
and yet, I presume, they are going, at the end
of the session, to vote the usual extra allowance
to these officers. Now, I wish the countiy to
understand this, if it is to be done.
My friend from Kentucky [Mr. H. Marshall]
64
says they will vote in this amendment. How
that will be I do not know. But I say to these
gentlemen that I am very anxious to see a ref-
ormation in this thing. You talk about Gov-
ernment spending $70,000,000 a year. I should
like to know with what grace gentlemen here can
call Army officers or any one else to account for
their large salaries, when it turns out that they
vote extra compensation to officers here who,
though they may be very good men, yet get at
present much too large salaries, simply because
these officialsare favorites and friends, and because
they are waiting on them here, and doing acts of
civility ? Why, sir, the whole system, so far as
the public is concerned, is one of plunder. I do
not know a single instance of the increase of salary
of any of our civil officers in our time where it
was necessary. But still you go on increasing
the compensation of officers. Now, if those gen-
tlemen who have got a majority here will come
up and introduce a bill to reduce salaries to what
they were four years ago under Mr. Fillmore's
administration, when the first increase of salary
took place, I will join hands with them, and sup-
port them, and give them all the credit of the
measure before the country. Tliat first increase
of salary was not enough. No, sir. There were
men in 1852 getting salaries of $800. They said
they could not live on that, and Congress raised
it to §1,000. Two years after that they came
back and said they were starving on §1,000, and
they proposed that their salary should be in-
creased to §1,200. But on looking at their com-
plaints, it was found that the men who were get-
ting $1,200 were even in a worse condition, if
possible, than their subordinates; so that, by in-
creasing the salaries of these men, we only in-
crease the pressure upon them. 1 say to the
Republican party that, if they come forward and
introduce a bill to putdownthe salaries of officials
to what they were in 1852, I will not only vote
with them, but applaud them.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not wish to interfere im-
properly with the gentleman, but I wish to say
to him, that he need not be afraid of the Repub-
lican party not acting in anything the Democracy
will do. They have joined hands to pi event us
from getting rid of the payment of this immense
amount of money; and now he says, if the Re-
publicans will join him and do the other tiling-
reduce the salaries of officers generally—he will
support them and applaud them before the coun-
try. When the day comes that those parties will
join to reduce the salaries of employes by any
general law, it will be a day of rejoicing through-
out the country. But as that day is so very re-
mote, the proper course is now for gentlemen to
come up and put a stop to this immense compen-
sation to the public printer.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would ask the gentleman
from New York whether he did not vote at the
last Congress for these increased salaries?
Mr. HAVEN. No, sir, I did not; and let me
say further, that not only did I not vote to in-
crease salaries, but I struggled here long, hot days,
to prevent the Democracy from giving to men
who, four years ago, got $1,500 a year for post
office service in California, $5,000 a year; and
they did it against my<£>pposition, and, in addition
to that, let them draw back pay for a year before,
making it $10,000.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am very much gratified
to find that my friend from New York stood as I
did. I did not know that he had done so, as I
have not looked at the Journal lately. I remem-
ber that two years ago, when the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Roiibins] brought in a bill to
increase these salaries, 1 appealed to him not to
move the previous question, but to allow me to
speak against the bill. But lie declined to do so,
and the House sustained the previous question;
and it was only on the second attempt that we
had men enough to get the yeas and nays. My
friend from New York tells me ho acted with me
oil that occasion. We got only thirty-nine men
to vote against suspending the rules; and they
were enough to call the yeas and nays. But it
so happened that the gentleman [Mr. RobbinsJ
failed to move a reconsideration, and heuee I
got an opportunity to make a speech against the
bill; and the bill rather "eaved in" thatevening.
Next morning all these clerks had rallied, and
called on their friends in the House; and they
came up in a body and pressed the bill through.
How my friend from New York voted then I do
not know; but I am extremely gratified to find
my friend now striking at Democrats and Repub-
licans in regard to this matter. I must do the
Democrats the justice to say that, if you com#
to scan the yeas and nays on the bill increasing
salaries last Congress, you will find that a larger
proportion of Democrats—considering their num-
bers—voted against it, than of the other side of
the House.
Mr. HAVEN. The Democracy had a ma-
jority of seventy-six in the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman says the
Democracy had a majority of seventy-six. So
they had. But, according to my recollection, a
majority of the Democrats voted against the in-
crease, while almost the entire body of the oppo-
sition voted for it. A portion of the Democracy—
I mean the " fishy" Democrats—those men who
do not stand up fairly ami squarely to the Balti-
more platform, in the matter of economy, &c.—
went over, under the pressure of some of their
friends, joined the Opposition, and carried the bill
through.
Now, here is my friend from Kentucky, [Mr.
II. Marshall.] He does not belong either to the
Democracy or the Republicans. He stands by
himself. 1 will not say that he, stands as the head
of the Amci lean party, but certainly if he docs not
there is rt'o mail a head over him; he will remember
that four years ago, under the Fillmore adminis-
tration, a movement was made to increase the
salaries of officials. I do not say this for the
purpose of censuring either him or the present
President. I only want to show that this has been
the action of Congress without regard to who has
got a majority, or to who is in power. And the
clerks, messengers, pages, &c., are no better sat-
isfied now than they were when they got com-
paratively small salaries. I very much hoped, two
years ago, that the President, who vetoed several
bad acts, would have put his veto upon that bill
increasing salaries. I believe that it would have
done more to entitle him to a renomination than
anything else he could have done.
The gentleman from New York is very ingeni-
ous in regard to this matter. He is very anxious
to prevent this public printer from getting the in-
crease of salary. So am I. But I am not going
to strike at the public printer by an amendment
giving an increase of salary to other officers.
The gentleman understands very well, and so
stated m his remarks, that one of the objects of
this amendment is to increase the salaries of some
officers. Now, as I have a clean record, I dotiot
mean to vote to increase the salaries of officers
who, I think, are already overpaid. Neither do
I want the public printer to have this increase of
pay; and if the gentleman will only go for strik-
ing out one branch of the amendment in relation
to these officers, and leave in that relating to the
public printer, I will go with him. More tihan
that; if he introduce into the deficiency bill a prop-
osition to reduce the salaries of all officers to what
they were m 18,52,1 will vote with him for that
proposition, and give linn credit for introducing
it.
I am asked by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Simmons,] if I did not vote to increase the
salaries of the Judaea of the Supreme Court of the
United States, at the last session of Congress.^ If
the gentleman will refer to theGlobe, he will find
tliat I not only voted against the proposition to
increase the salaries of these judges, but spoke
against it.
The same gentleman asks me whether, t^ro
years ago, I opposed strenuously the joint reso-
lution giving twenty per cent, extra compensation
to the employes of the legislative department of
the Government. Sir, if the gentleman will look
