1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
28&
ell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craig, Davidson, Dow-
dcll, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence,
Thomas J- !>• Fuller, Goodc, Greenwood, Sampson W.
Harris?, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Houston, Jewett,
Geoige W. Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Mill-
son, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Phelps, Powell,
Quitman, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor,
Wainer, Watkms, Welts, Williams, Winslow, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Fuller—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell, Car-
hie, Cox, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Ethendge, Eustis,
Evans, Foster, J. Monison Harris, Hoffman, Kennett,
Lake, Lindley, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Mill ward, Paine, Porter, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Swope, Trippe, Valk, Walker, Whitney,
and Zolhcoffer.
For Mr. Campbell—Messrs. Dunn, Edwards, Harrison,
Moore, and Scott.
-For Mr. Pennington—Mr. Haven.
For Mr. Porter—Mr. Henry M. Fuller*
For Mr. Cobb—Mr. Richardson.
For Mr. Williams—Mr. Wheeler.
Pending tlie call of the roll,
Mr. BISHOP stated (when his name was called)
that, under a conditional arrangement with Mr.
Bayard Clark, he would not vote this time.
Mr. CLAWSON (when his name was called)
stated that he had, for this day, paired off with
Mr. Bell.
INVITATION TO CANDIDATES TO WITHDRAW.
Mr. RUST. I now renew the resolution winch
I offered en Saturday, with certain modifications.
I have modified the resolution by inserting the
words "after to-day," and also by striking out
the name of Mr. Pennington, as, upon examin-
ing the record, I perceive that he was not a can-
didate at the time I offered the resolution, but was
only receiving one or two votes.
The resolution as modified was read, as follows:
Whereas, one hundred and twenty-two ineffectual efforts
to elect a Speakei, m which the votes have been divided
among Mr. Banks, Mr. Richardson, and Mr. Fujm.kr,
must have made it manifest to those gentlemen and tins
Congress that neither of them is the choice of a majority
of the members of this Ilou3e for its preoiding ofiicci, and
that a longer persistence on the part of their lespective
friends in urging their names lor this office will only delay
the organization of this Hoube, and thereby prevent imme-
diate legislation, when the common interests of the whole
country require it: Therefore,
Resolved, That it is the sense of this House that Messrs.
Banks, Richardson, and Fuller, by withdrawing their
names, and foibidding their use as candidates for the
speakership, after to-day, would remove certain asid insur-
mountable obstacles to its oiganization, and that the public
inteiests would be greatly promoted by their doing so.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Mr. Clerk, I
think that resolution had better be laid u]joh the
tabic; and I make that motion.
Mr. RUST. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 96, nays 97; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barclav.Hen-
ry Bennett, Benson, Billmghui^t, Bingham. Bliss," Biad-
shaw,Bicriton, Buffington, Buihngaiiic, Lcv\ js D.Campbell,
Chaffee, Williamson !t W Cobb,Colfax, Coming Covodo,
Cragin, Craige, Cumbaek, Ddimell, Timothy Davis, Day,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dm lee. Edic, Emrie,
English, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Hmlan. IIollo-
wav, Thomas R. Ilmton, Valentine B. Hoi ton. Howard,
Hughston, Jewett, Keisey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowi-
ton, Knox, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, IVIeuchain,
Killian Millet. Smith Miller, Moigan, Morrill, Mott,Nichols,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, l'elton, Pettit, Pike, Pnn-
gle, Purviancc, Ritchie, Bobbins, Sabin. Sapp, Sheiman,
Simmons, fSpmnei, Stanton, Stianahan, Tappan, Thormg-
ton, Thuitfon, Todd, T>son, Wade, Wakeman, Walhndge,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Wash-
burnc, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch3Wood,Woodiuft,
and Woodworth—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Broom, Burnett, Cadwal-
adei, John P. Campbell, Curhle, Garuthfr^, Caskie, Cling-
man, Howell Cobb, Cox, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Wimer
Davi<?,Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott, Eth-
endge.Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Floiei.ce, Fostei, Henry
M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goodc, Greenwood. J. Mor-
rison llairis, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. flams, Har-
rison, Haven, Heibert, Hoffman, Houston, Geoige W.
Jones, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Letchei, Lindley,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Maisdiall, Humplney Marshall,
Samuel i$. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn. McQueen. MiJl-
son, Mill ward, Mooie, Mosdecai Oliver, Oir. Packer, Paine,
Peck, Phclpa, Potter, Quitman, Reade, Heady, Ricaud,
Richardson, Ruffin, Ru^t, Sandidgo, Savage, Seott, Samuel
A. Smith, William 11. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Swope,
Talbott, Tayloi, Trippe, Valk, Walker. Warner, Watkms,
Welle--, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Window, Darnel B.
Wngnt, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffei—97.
So the House refused to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. RUST. I now move the previous ques-
tion .
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask for
the yeas and nays on ordering the main question
to be now put.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. What will be the
effect if the main question is not ordered to be
now put? Will the resolution go over until to-
morrow?
The CLERK. The Clerk so understands it.
Mr. COBB. Well, I shall vote against order-
ing the main questftn to be now put. That will
postpone the resolution till to-morrow, which is
what I want.
Mr. RUST. Why, it will not operate until
to-morrow.
_ The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 93, nays 101; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Barclay, B arks-
dale, Hendley S. Bennett. Bowie, Boyce, Bioom, John P.
Campbell, Lewis J). Campbell, Garble, Caruthers, Chng-
man, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Covode, Cox, Cullen, Dam-
Greenwood, Sampson W. Ilarns, Harrison, Haven, Her-
bert, Hoffman, Kelly, Kennett, Lake, Lindley, Alexander
K. Mai •shall, Humplney Marshall, Maxwell, Milhon, Mill-
ward, Moore, Nichols, Mordecai Olivei, Orr. Packer, Paine,
Peck, Pettit, Porter, Purviance, Quitman, 'Reade, Ready,
Ricaud, Rn-it, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Stephens, Stew-
art, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Trippe,
Tvsou, Valk, Wade, Walker, Warner, Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams, Winelow, Wood, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wrisht, and Zollicoffer—93.
NAYS —Messrs. Allen, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Benson,
Bilhnghuiat, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Buffington, Buriingame, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caskie,
Chaffee, Howell Cobb, Colfax, Comms, Cragin, Craige,
Cumbaek, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dickson,
Dodd, Elliott, Emrie, English, Floicncc, Thomas J. D. Ful-
ler, Gilbeit, Goode, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Thomas L.
Hams, Ilollowav, Thomas It. Ilorton, Valentine B. Ilorton,
Houston, Howaul, Ilugliston, Jeweti, Geoige W. Jones,
Keteey, Kidwell, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Leiter, Letcher, Lmnpkin, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall,
Matteson, MeOaity, McMulhn, McQueen, Meacham, Kil-
han Millet, Smith Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peiton, Pennington, Phelps, Pike,
Powell. Prmgle, Ritchie, Rufiiii, Sabm, Sherman, Sim
mons, Spinnei, Stanton, Sii*in.ihun, Tappan, Thonngton,
Tiafton, Wakeman, Waibridge, Waldion, Cadwaladei C.
Washburoe, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wat-
kins, Watson, Welch, Wells, Woodruff, and Woodwortli
—101.
So the motion was lost.
Mr. RUST. What is the effect of that?
The CLERIC. The resolution goes over until
to-morrow.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. EDIE. I ask for tellers on that motion.
The Clerk appointed Messrs. Edie, and
Wright of Tennessee to act as tellers.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 77, noes 50.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten minutes before two o'clock) the House
adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE. !
Thursday, Janiuny 24, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Monday was read and approved. !
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY. i
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, an import- \
ant paper was received when the Senate was last;
in executive session, from which the injunction ;
of secrecy was removed; I therefore move that '
it be taken from the executive and transferred to |
the legislative journal. j
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. CLAYTON. I now move that the com-
munication be read.
The motion was agreed to: and the Secretary '
read the message of the President, together with ;
the letter of Lord John Russell which it com-;
municated. The letter is as follows: J
Lord John Russell to Mr. Crampton. j
Foreign Office, Janvarxj 19, 1853. !
Sir: In treating of the affans of Mosquito*. I mu-t, in
the first place, leler you to a dopatch of Lord Malmesbury
of the 16th of July, lfvi'2, upon this subject. 1
It is evident that since Great Britain first assumed the ,
protection and defense of the Mosquito Indians, the posi- ,
tion of all parties has changed.
Fir.-t, Spain, instead of rxeicismg absolute soveieignty
over Centiai America, and prohibiting all commerce on the
coasts under her swa\, has enureh lo'-t her dominion over
tin- continent from Cape Horn to Florida.
Secondly, The Mo quito Indians, instead of governing !
their own tribe aecordmg to their own custom-., luriu&h a
name and title to Europeans and Americans who carry da
trade at Greytown and along the coast of Mosquito, accord-
ing to the usages of civilized nations.
Thirdly, Great Britain, instead of having an interest in
the defense of the Mosquito Indians, for the sake of res-
cuing part of the territory of Central America from Spanish
control, and obtaining an outlet for her commerce^has no
other interest in Mosquito than that which is derived from
an honorable regard for her old connection with the Indian
nation of Mosquito.
Her Majesty's Government has, for several years, en-
deavoied to suit her engagements to the altered circum-
stances of the case; but every proposal that has been made
with this view has encountered some insuperable obstacle.'
The contentions in Central America between Nicaragua,
Costa lliea, and Honduras, the absence of any authority with
which any permanent agreement could be made, unfounded
jealousies of Great Britain, and various other circumstances,
have prevented a settlement of this vexatious question.
In conformity with the opinions stated in Lord Malmes-
bury's dispatch of July 16th, to which I have already re-
ferred you, F have to state that the Committee of Govern-
ment of Greytown are, in fact, the real power which
exercises authority m that part of Central America. To
her Majesty's Government it would be a matter of indif-
ference whether that authority was cxercised in the name
of the King of Mosquito, or in the name of Greytown
itself; but it is desirable that what is apparent should be
madetoconform,asfai as possible, with whatisreal. What
is appaient is, that the Kmg of Mosquito exercises sover-
eignty over Greytown; what is real is, that he lias no au-
thority theie whatever, but that a Committee of Europeans
and Americans carry on the government at that port.
What her Majesty's Government, theiefore, would con-
sider a good and final arrangement would be-
First, That Greytown should be d free and independent
port, connected with Mosquito by such relations of friend-
ship and alliance as may be agreed upon.
Secondly, That indemnification, or advantages equiv-
alent to those laid down m the project of convention of the
30th of April, 1832, shall be assured to Mosquito in return
for its withdrawal from its present position in regard to
Greytown.
Thirdly, That Great Britain and the United States, with- '
out guarantying Greytown, should be ready to act in con-
cert to defend the independence of the free city or port of
Greytown from whatever quarter it might be attacked.
What is essential and of immediate importance is, that -
the authoHtics of Greytown should be ready to assume
c<ther unqualified independence, with an engagement to
defend Mosquito, or a qualified independence owing alle-
giance and suppoit to Mosquito. ^
For this puipose, some person qualified to treat should
proceed at oncc to Greytown. Whethei a naval officer of
her Majesty or a civilian would be the fittest person to be
intiusted with this mission, 1 must leave you to decide.
it would be desirable, if the Government of the United
States should concur in these views, that a new convention,
in place of the unaccepted project of agreement of April,
1852, should be pioposed and concluded; and that a person,
similarly qualified, should be sent by that Government at
the same time and for the same object.
I have only fui tiier to say that the indemnity to Mosquito
might possibly not be made m money, but in greater secui-
lty tor a certain fixed temtory within which the free port
of Greytown, a^i^ted by her Majesty's siiips of war, might
manage to defend the Musquito nation.
The Governor Gencial of Canada, and the authorities in
other of her Majesty's North American possessions, have
made fiom time to tune agreements somewhat similar.
The President of the United States has frequently made
conventions with Indians to the like effect.
The peculianty of this case is, that certain neighboring
States deny altogether the independence of Mosquito, and
the Mosquito nation are liable «vcry dciy to new incursions
upon their tenitoiy. Wo can make no complete provision
agam>t this danger. Our policy is to do all that honor and
humanity leqiure m behalf of the Mosquito nation; but we
intend to adhere strictly to the treaty of Washington of the
19th of April, 1830, and not to assume any sovereignty,
either direct or implied, in Central Amenca.
Iam, $vc., % J.RUSSELL.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I desire to
move the printing of that communication. I hope
that the Senate will order that five hundred copies,
or some other moderate number, in addition to the
usual quantity, be printed, and that it will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations. I
shall make such a motion before 1 sit down; but
my immediate object is to call the attention of
the Senate, and of the country, to that letter,
particularly to the concluding sentence of it, and
to its whole tone anil 'spirit. The declaration
solemnly made by the British Government to
ours on the 19th day of January, 1853, then
was, that Great Britain il intends to adhere strictly
to the provisions of the treaty of Washington of
the 19th April, 1850, and not to assume, directly
or indirectly, any sovereignty over Central Amer-
ica." Sir, we could ask no more; that is pre-
cisely what was meant by the treaty; and that is
the language of one of those who was a leading
man in power at the time when the treaty was
made. I say, sir^ that it was und^r the adminis-
tration of this gentleman and his friends that the
treaty with Great Britain, of the 19th April,
1850, was made; and I put it to all fair men,
whether they who made the treaty with us were
not better competent to put a fair construction on
it than those who came in afterwards under a
new administration, hostile to that? and were
