1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1883
gentleman from Georgia provides for deducting
thai f.-om the sum total; and during the discns-
bion 1 hive sought, in an interview with him, to
exclude the amount paid to the State of Georgia.
He does not i'.-collect the precise sum, and hence
the proposition i  drawn in the form in which it
now in, to pay tlie sli-l'MJOO, deducting; the amount
heretofore ]>a:d There certainly could be 110
design in tliut. If I were now required to state
it, 1 eon'd not tell the exact amount proposed m
the bill which 1 introduced two years ago. My
object was simply to put it in such a condition
that we should lose nothing to the claimants, and
at the same time do no wrong to the Govern-
•frient. This is my explanation. I now move to
postpone this bill to, and make it the spccial order
for, Friday next.
Mr. FES3ENDEN. 1 have no objection to
its postponement; but I hope it will not be made
the special order for next Friday.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 desire to call up another
subject. 1 suppose the hour has passed which
was allotted for the consideration of this subject;
and, if we are not to take a vote on it to-day, it
should be postponed at once.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will suggest the post-
ponement of this bill till Monday, at half past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. My motion was to postpone
the further consideration of the bill until Friday.
Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to postpone the
■whole subject, in order to look into it and to un-
derstand it. 1 do not know that it is very im-
portant to consider it on Monday, and 1 hope it
will be postponed, as the gentleman from Arkan-
sas suggests, until Friday next, at half past twelve
o'clock.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. That will be satisfac-
tory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I simply wish to inquire
whether a postponement until Friday next, with-
out making this bill a special order, will give it
precedence to other private bills?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No, sir.
Mr. CLAY. 1 shall ask that it be made the
special order for half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. MALLORV. Mr. President, the objec-
tion of the Senator from Virginia has elicited a
discussion which, 1 have no doubt,will strengthen
the bill. The proposition he has put forth, as
was remarked by the Senator from Georgia, is
thoroughly untenable, as he would have seen if
he had gone into the legal question. The Senator
from Georgia, 1 believe, made a report previous
to this, embracing some points to which I had
occasion to refer two years ago. It is not my
purpose to go into the discussion now. 1 do not
know what may occur between now and Friday
next, and therefore 1 rise at this time to say that
when the Senator from New York makes the
remark that the United States Government has
been very liberal to Florida, in reference to the
subject-matter of amendment which my colleague
has introduced, and does not know whether she
has been liberal to Georgia or not, it is most
gratuitous and unfounded. He seems to suppose
that, bccause the United States have attempted to
remove the Indians from Florida, recognizing
their bounden duty and obligation to do so, the
money expended in that undertaking was a lib-
erality, or a gratuity, or benefit, to the State of
Florida! Why, sir, if devastated fields and
abandoned lion.es, and the ruin of a large part of
the State for twenty years is liberality to Florida,
certainly the United States have been liberal. On
that question, when tire discussion comes up on
Friday, 1 may feel disposed to express my views.
Mv friend from Arkansas, who is always
franli and opt n and fair on these questions, is for
including the amendment introduced by my col-
league to renew this commission. I beg to say
to die Senate briefly, that, m 1836, General Jack-
son especially recommended this commission.
In his message lie brought the tact to the atten-
tion of Congress, that m Florida, Georgia, and
Alabama—he specified Florida first in his mes-
sage—Indian depredations had been committed,
and the Government was bound to make indem-
nity. On his recommendation an appropriation
was made for tiiat special object, and in that
appropriation Florida was named first. Whether
that precedence given to her on that occasion
shows that she had greater or less rights 1 will
not undertake to say; I only mention it to show-
that the depredations committed in Florida ante-
rior to tlil commencement of lmvilities, were
distinctly in contemplation by the President at
that time, and by the committee which recom-
mended the appropriation.
My friend from Arkansas says we are all in
the dark in relation to this question, and in the
same breath tells us that it has been here for
twenty years, and that reports have been made
for and against it. If there is any question which
at this day the Senate ought to understand, it is
this. If they will look at the report made by
the commissioners—not selected by the States
of Georgia, Alabama, or Florida—but appointed
by the Executive of the United States, and the
testimony taken by them, they will see that every
thing like doubtful testimony'was excluded, and
they will see that the discrepancy between the
amounts claimed and the amounts allowed was
very great, over a million being claimed, and only
$350,000 allowed. They will sec, also, that, al- j
though the commissioners were required to go
to Florida—and accoiding to the rotation named
in the law, they should have gone there first—
they did not go because the state of the country
was such that they said they could not dojustice
to the claimants or the United States. If the
subject can be batter understood by next Friday,
1 hope it will be postponed.
Mr. CLAYTON. I move to lay the bill upon
the table. 1 am willing to take a vote on the
motion, but if it is to be discussed further I move
to lay it on the table.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will not be laid on
the table. I only want three minutes.
Mr. CLAYTON. I move to lay it on the
table. The discussion, I thought it was under-
stood on all sides of the question, was to close.
If it is to continue, I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. HUNTER. It will not take me more than
three minutes.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the Senator will permit
the motion to postpone to be adopted.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 would, but there is no
such thing as entering into an agreement. When
one Senator makes a speech, another rises to fol-
low hi m.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I hope the Senator
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. CLAYTON. Well, I will do it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
then, is on postponing the further consideration
of the bill until Friday next, at half past twelve
o'clock.
Mr. DPwODHEAD. I hope some other day
will be fixed than Friday. We have already
consumed this dav.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Say Thursday.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. STUART. I shall object to half past
twelve o'clock on any day; because by fixing it
for half past twelve o'clock you give it prece-
dence over all other business. If the Senator says
one o'clock, I shall not object. ®
M*r. CLAYTON. Say one o'clock.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Very well; I move to
postpone the further consideration of the bill
until Thursday next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
senate bills become laws.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Private Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed the
following Senate bill and resolution:
An act for the relief of the widows and orphans
of the officers, seamen, and marines of the United
States sloop of war Albany, and for other pur-
poses; and
A resolution authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to modify the plan of the custom-house
at Ellsworth, Maine.
MOTIONS TO RECONSIDER.
Mr. WADE. I move to reconsider the vote
on the passage of the bill for the settlement of the
account of David Gordon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will he entered.
Mr. STUART. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill reported by the Post Office
Committee in relation to the transportation of the
mails between New York; and Southampton was
made the special order for Monday next. I do
not wish the motion acted on now. It can se
entered.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILLS-
Mr. SEWARD. I give notice that I shall to-
morrow ask the Senate to take up and go through
with the river and harbor bills.
Several Senators. The Senate has agreed tc
adjourn to Monday.
Mr. SEWARD. I was not aware of it. Then
let my notice be considered good for Monday.
RICHARD W. THOMPSON.
Oil motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following report, made by
Mr. Toombs, on the 19th of May:
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was referred
tlie message or the i're-Hlem oi rlie United States in rela-
tion to the claim of Riehnrd W. Thomp-on against the Me-
noinonoe Indians,have ii.id the same under consideration,
and report:
That iliey consider no further legislation on the ^object
necessary or exp-fUeiit, and a-k to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller.)
The question is on agreeing: to the report. Is the
Senate ready for the question ?
Mr. SEWARD. 1 should like to hear some
reason one way or the other. I do not under-
stand the subject at all, but I should like to know
from somebody, what is the question involved.
Mr. BEllGHT. The committeo have reported
—the language of the report speaks for itself—
that no further legislation on the subject is neces-
sary or expedient, and that thecommittee be dis-
charged; which, I take it is, tantamount to declar-
ing that Mr. Thompson, under the law of the last
sesson, is entitled to his pay.
Mr. PUGH. If the effect of the action of the
Senate, by adopting the report, will be as stated
by the Senator from Indiana, 1 feel it my duty to
move to recommit the report to the Committee on *
Indian Affairs, with instructions to report a clause,
to be inserted hereafter in the civil appropriation
bill, repealing so much of the twenty-seventh sec-
tion of the act entitled "an act making appropri-
ations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of tha
Government for the year ending 30th June, 1856,
and for other purposes," approved the 3d day of
March, in the year 1855, as authorizes the pay-
ment of money to the said Richard W. Thomp-
son, or in any manner recognizes the same.
Mr. BRIGHT. That would be indirect con-
travention of one of the rules of the Senate, which
forbids the incorporation of a private claim into a
general appropriation bill.
Mr. P17GH. The claim was put into a gen-
eial appropriation bill. Then it was put there in
violation of the rules of the Senate, and is an
additional reason why my motion should be car-
ried.
Mr. BRIGHT. The claim is a very plain one,
and I have no desire to waste time in its discus-
sion. It has been before the Committee on Indian
Affairs of this body at two different sessions.
The last time it was before the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, they reported, through the Senator
from Georgia, after a thorough investigation of the
whole case, that no further legislation was neces'
sary; and the question is now merely whether the
Senate will concur m that report. I hope they
will not agree to any amendment, the effect, of
which will be to defeat the claim of the claimant.
That is the effect of the amendment now offered—
nothing else.
Mr, SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, I am not
prepared to agree to the view of the effect of the
adoption of the report which has been urged by
the Senator from Indiana; and it is because I
do not wish to have my opposition in this matter
compromised by a seeming acquiescence in his
remark, that I rise to explain my own individual
opinion.
1 shall not undertake to speak as to what was
the intention of the majority of the members of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, of which I am
chairman, in making this report. My own notion
has been, that it left the matter precisely wh  re
the committee found it; and I confined my osvn
action to the simple and isolated ground, that the
communication referred to the committee, which
was a mere response to a resolution of inquiry
by the Senate, having been improperly referred,
there was no case or subject before the committee
