■Sm-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
rieVer believed to be friendly to objects of it. j
True it was, that Lord Palmerston -was at the j
head of the Foreign Otfice at the tinwthe treaty j
was formed, but his letters were subject to the j
direction of the Premier; Jtie could write nothing [
whiclAhe Premier did not approve of, no more j
than I then could have written anything of which j
the President of the United States did not ap- !
frove. Shortly after that letter was written, Lord i
ohn &ussel] went out of the Foreign Office, and
•Lord Clarendon canie in, and Lord Palmerston,
instead of Lord Aberdeen or Lord John Russell,
stood at the head of the administration of the
British Government. From that time, and not
until then—from the time of the change of that
administration commenced a series of hostile dec-
larations—declarations entirely subversive of the
true meaning of the treaty—which at last have
brought us to the point where we now stand—m
peril of a rupture with Great Britain.
Mr. President, need I call the attention of the
Senate to the difference between the language
here used and that contanied in Lord Claren-
don's letters to our Minister in London, which
were lately laid before Congress5 Lord CUuvn-
don, acting under the direction of Viscount Palm-
erston, the Premier, takes the position that .(ho
treaty, instead of operating m prcccenfi, in to
operate, so far as relate?? to the interests of Great
Britain, in fxtiu.ro. It is, says he, " prospective
in its operation," the eii'ect of which is to l":ive
them in possession of everything they claimed
when the treaty was ^made, while it debars us
from the acquisition of an acre of ground Jn the
whole territory of the Control American States.
Directly hostile and antagonistic — as strongly as
two positions can be—arc the leueis of L;ud
John .Russell, oii>' of those who assisted'in making
the tieaty, and wore uudc rstood at the time to bo
in favor of the treaty, and the declarations of the
imw British Secretary ibr Foreign Aflairs, aeung
under a new British Premier, suspected at the
time of being hostile to the arrangement, now
informing us for the first time that the tieaty was
prospective m its operation, and did not either
retroact nor act in yrccwnti when it was made.
Mr. President, the able and admirable State
papers which were submitted by our Mmistei m
London, in opposition to the special pleading nnd
pretexts of the British Mimstiy, have discussed
the case su/KciemJy for me. I am quite satislied
to lay die American pretensions before the world
on tlx- argument between Lord Clarendon and
Mr. Buchanan. The annals of American diplo-
macy do not exhibit a specimen of stronger,
eleaier argument than that presented m the. lost
dispatch of Mr. Buchanan, ft is conclusive. U
li:iit its elVect. What effect? It silenced his
adversary; and although ho may remain in the
position of a man " convinced against his will,"
31 is hardly to be imagined that ho was not con-
vinced by that argument.
Sir, before 1 proceed fmther, (and I do not
purpose to address the .Senate at length,) let us
look at the position which Viscount Palmerston
and his friends in England have occupied since
they have been known to us as public, men. I
need go back no further to illustrate their char-
acter as statesmen than to the period winch
Loid Clarendon point* out m his discussion with
Mr. Buchanan as the period when she first com-
menced the assertion of her claims on the Cen-
tral American coast, to wit* the years of JS'W,
1830, and 1840, instead of which, Mr. Buchanan
4 adds 1841. I have no doubt, that on the liles of
the Foreign Office there are to be found what
Lord Clarendon states m his letter to Mr. Bu-
chanan, declarations and assertions of title in
portions of Central America made by Great
Britain in Itwtf, 1839^ and 3840. tier design was
then formed nod fixed; and simultaneously with
that, the same men who, with all the sagacity
which is so highly charae'enstie of them, weie
grasping territory on the Mosquito coast, were
directing their attention to the east as well as to
the west. It was during that very period that
, they commenced and prosocuied their crucl and
unjust wars against Afghanistan. It was during
that very period, too, sir, that they carried on
their wars against the Beloochoes, and the people
of Cabul. It was at that very period that they
seized the fortification and city of Aden, which
controls the Straits of Bab-el-Mandeb, through
which the waters of the lied Sea run into the
Arabian and the Indian Ocean, controlling, by
that single key of commerce, all the treasures
which flow to or from that great gulf by the
coast of Arabia Felix, the Arabian Desert, Be-
loochistan, and the countries beyond the Indus;
and, sir, on what pretext—for ex uno dtscc ompes—
under what pretext were these seizures made at
Aden, among the Affghans, the Belooehees, and
the people of Cabul? Was there a reasonable i
'pretext of right on the part or Great Britain, for j
instance, when she took and seized the fortifica- j
tjon that commanded the Straits of Bab-el-Man- '
deb? |
Sir, I will not read from an American work to |
disclose the character of British aggression lest !
I should be charged by Englishmen with having ]
taken an unfair authority agemst them, but 1 1
will read a few sentences from a British work, j
and an able one, Blacjcwood's Magazine for the I
year 1843, which show the grounds and miser- j
able pretexts upon which they seized this town
and fortification of Aden. On page 484 of the
fifty-third volume of Blackwood, for the year
: J<S43, you find the whole subject discussed. The
j writer says:
j " The process by which we obtained thi^ foo*m«?in Atrbia
; vvn-.-ti kmIv m ru'coidan *o witn the m.ixmi •- o; policy adopt-
cil bv the then mlcio oi Ihiti h Indui, and which thc^ weto
at the soac tear ensued m cam uitf our, on a tai more e\-
p.cal", in Al'i^lmai-M in. in ho'h —p"ihap? nom
a benevolent im\het\ to aeeom'^odii'e on i* diplomacy to the
ptinimve ideas ol' tho-e u uli whom v\ c nad u> deal—
•• - The yood old nile
Smooth them. th<j simple plan
That thoy -lidiiui mice who Jmvo the power,
Ami they ^Iioultl keep uho en.iv—
was ;e—umcd a . th" li'i'is of out p;oceedu;<r."; and though
the b. liiciiit t-. whu h -or a lihie a:h'i<d"d our philan-
thrope ■[ fK it« in the cuit'-i of <rn(,d oid' 1 nad oivm/ation
Uejoud th° indu-. >o eo>nnleielv t'new m'o the j-hdde'he
jaieoi liSoiics oi' Adcn.th.u tin> buret r.ciiie\(,m"i T uttiaeted
feaicelv am pnbU<- at:et<r1(in .it the iane oi' n- i,t cunt nee,
in iiH'tit-. ate ()mte -uilk-ient to ontab1 if tn a more detailed
notice than it lm-> hitherto leceivcd mthc pu« ,e^ oi'Maj>a."
The author then proceeds to show the modus
operandi by which Great Britain has extended
her power and her protectorates over the world,
until she now rules more than one hundred and
thirty millions of peoph; on the globe. 1 recom-
mend to every man who wishes to understand
that subject to the perusal of this article. After
showing the utter want of all ju.^t pretext for
attacking the Aiubs dt Aden, the writer cone lodes,
among other observations, by saving many things
which 1 could wish to read, but I am compelled
to condense \v hat I hive to say, and therefore I
shall read only a f<'w more sentences. After
mfoinun^ us that all his statements are t-sken
fjom the official accounts published by order of
the Go\ernment, he says:
" fn whatever point of view we con^idei the tiansaction,
we think it cau scawely he denied that it icUects little j
cied.it on the nation.'l character loi even-handed ju.Mieo j
nnd i,mi* dealing. Kvcn'if the tact and iovoir jaire, winch ;
(.\ipf.un 1 laiuc" nai^t he admitted to have dt.-phued m an I
eminent dearie m the e\e<'Utioa of his lm-iiuenoi;,-., h<al |
nt lainii'dalirt^ tae Am!i< mto ^uin'ndenng tiie j
pla<'e w 'thoat ie-i tani'e, Mich a proeeedms would have I
iiin-'inited to noihias icoie or le.---- tiun the app'opoatioa !
oi ihe e.'i n!oi> iriL>'' not ,-tion^ cnoutrh to detend them - !
I e-. minpiy because if i\a  • i!u ued co.ivenienttv <or the j
put[>o-ev. oi'out uun iMvmation , tied tlie open iou-e b\ I
w!ii''is the ?<. heme wa-i uii'maU'h, canted into t'lieci impair* j
t<> a'-t ot UHiipsition a chaiaeter of violence still ntou1 |
to be lecrcited " i
Captain He.ine^ was to Aden what Captain ,
Lot U Vv'e.s to jXtcaragna. j
Now, Mr. President, ihe same course of con- ;
duet lhat has dislnifruishod the course of the >
British "Cyvennneui m India marks tho designs
and ehnrCR'ter of the same Crovernmentm Central
America at the Fame period. Those who did not
scruple to seize Aden to control the Straits of
B ib-rl-Mondeb, had no more scruples when they
came to a much more important strait-—to a pas-
sage more important to commerce than a hundred
Bab-rd-Mandehs. That possession, however—let
me not underrate it—is one of vast importance,
for you observe that British statesmen at that
period anticipated what is now about to occur—
a canal connection betwen the Mediterranean
with the Red Sea by the Isthmus of Suez.
Viewed m this light, the importance of Aden be-
comes vastly greater than was ever dreamed of
by men not bent on controlling the keys of com-
merce throwrhout the world. The same charac-
teristics mark the seizure of Central America and
the colony of the Bay Islands. More than fifty
years ago, thrr smzure of Malta, and the retention
of it in defiance of the treaty of Amiens, brought
on along and desolating war with France, and this
important naval station was nevor relinquished^
though its occupation caused the expenditure of
rivers of blood. The war with Spain for Gibral-
tar was another evidence of the same rapacious
spirit; and now the war with Russia, having for
its object the eventual control of the Bosphorus,
is believed to give proof that the same policy is
still to be pursued m both hemispheres.
Mr. President, it will be recollected by honor-
able Senators here, and all others who chose to
observe my humble course in public life, that I
was reluctant and slow to believe that Great
Britain could disgracc herself by such pretexts
as ere used to circumvent the treaty of J850. The
honorable Senator* from Michigan [Mr. Cass]
understood them better than I did; there were
others here who understood them; I—and I call
all here to witness it—I, believing from the dec-
larations of the British Minister, Lord Russell
himself, that it v,as impossible that such a mon-
strous construction should ever be resorted to as
is now adopted by the British Ministry, did on
repeated occasions, on the Iloor of the Senate,
attempt to vindicate the course that Great Britain
had pursued, and, in the exercise of that charity
which I trust I shall always exercise towards all
men, I endeavored to show that Great Britain
was not yet dishonored, that she might retrace
those steps which were erroneous, and that event-
ually we must have confidence that she would
carry out her contract. But, sir, when I heaul
the annual message of the President of the United
States read from your table, my convictions un-
d< rwenta total revolution. I saw from the mon-
strous construction sot up that the treaty was to
be considered as only prospcetive tn its operation,
that we v. ere to be subjected to the same kind of
shuilling and the same despicable attempt at
special pleading which maikcd the letter oi Lord
Palmerston to Castiilon, Minister of Nicaragua,
on the Jfjth oif July, 3849, and which indeed
marked the correspondence of the Britt&h Gov-
ernment with all the feeble Central American na-
tions during the whole period for which Lord
Palmerston had the direction of British foreign
air airs.
Sir, if any man wishes to sec a specimen of
thai kind of writing which I call despicable special
pleading, let him look at the arrogant, overbearing
letter written by Lord Palmerston to Castiilon,
the Minister of Nicaragua, to which 1 have re-
ferred, and which is to be found in Senate docu-
ment 75, page 181), communicated by President
Filhnotc. to the Senate on the J8th of July, li?3X
1 ask the ettention of the Senate in this connection
particularly to that letter for the purpose of illus-
trating the duplicity that has marked the course
of the British Government on this whole subject.
In the letter of Lord Palmerston to Senor Castd-
lon he reasons, if it can be called reasoning, by
founding his pretensions on the treaties with
Spam of 1783 and 178G. He considers those
treaties as in full force and eii'ect, and so viewing
them he presses upon the Alinister of Nicaragua
th.it under and by virtue of them the British pro-
tectorate was established—an argument which T
think no other man on earth would use who had
read the treaties. %
Again, sir, in a letter written on the 5th of Jan-
uary, 1850, to Mr. Lawrence, our Minister m
London, Viscount Palmerston refers expressly to
a letter written by Frederick Chutfield, a British
agentm Central America at that time, and says
that that letter of Chatfh Id contains a statement
offuels showing the nature Cf the connection which
has existed since the middle of the seventeenth
century between Groat Britain and the Mosquito
nation." He refers him to that as showing the
authority upon which the British Government
has acted, and sends Mr. Lawrence a copy of
Chatfield's letter, at the close of which you fmd
that Chatfield not only recognizes those treaties
ot 1783 and 178G, but says expressly that the
evidence of the hereditary monarchy of the Mos-
quxtos is to be found m those treaties of 1783 and
1766, which he says Ck the British agents havo
never repudiated, and have constanily recog-
nized."
Now, what think you, after all that, of this same
Viscount Palmerston. standing at the head of the
I British Government, directing lite correspondence
I of Lord Clarendon, and Lord Clarendon writing
