1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rise for the purpose of making a speech. The
extentwluch my friend from North Carolinagave
to this debate, and the various topics touched
upon by him, afford so wide a range to mem-
bers, that it is palpable we cannot continue it
without an unprofitable consumption of the pub-
lic time.
I have risen merely for the purpose of saying;
to my friend from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] who is
affected much at the idea of introducing independ-
ent legislation into an appropriation bill or a de-
ficiency bill, that had he been in the House when
the vote was being taken upon this bill, he would
have found that the House itself violated the prin-
ciple upon which he plants himself so frequently
that any adherence to it would look like an ex-
ception to the rule, instead of the rule itself.
There were the two last amendments of the Sen-
ate, which contained independent legislation, and
yet the House concurred in them. There was
also a Senate amendment making an appropria-
tion for the purchase of seeds and cuttings, and
yet the House, not content with acting upon what
was recommended by the Senate, voted $10,000
in addition, which was not asked for at all; and
so with a variety of other propositions.
I voted a few days ago, under the guidance of
the rule which the gentleman asserts, upon an-
other bill, against an amendment which provided
for some old privateers who were drawing a pen-
sion, while I would have ^oted for them with a
great deal of pleasure, had the provision been con-
tained in an independent bill. I intended then to
follow the path which the gentleman from Geor-
gia marks out, and which 1 thought was proper.
But the House overruled mc, and put into that
bill legislation that was necessary, and it has put
into the deficiency bill whatever it has suited its
fancy and taste to insert. I do not think that the
country, when they cornc to look at the action
of the House, will understand the House as fol-
lowing out the course indicated by the gentleman
from Georgia, no matter what the vote may be.
X do not think the country will understand the
consistency of the House, which, upon one clause
of the bill, inserts what is not asked for, and
upon another clause inserts what is independent
legislation, and upon this clause of the bill falls
back with an affectation of horror at what it has
just done, and says it cannot put anything in the
shape of independent legislation into a deficiency
bill. I tell you the people of the country are en-
tirely too intelligent to swallow that. The gen-
tleman from Georgia will have to plant himself,
and those who vote with him, upon some tripod
which is broader than that, bccause it will not
pass muster.
I did not rise to make a speech. 1 want to put
an end to this thing, no matter how it may be
decided. I will suppress observations which
might, perhaps, be made in reference to the prin-
ciple of this matter, and do what I rose for the
purpose of doing—move to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky withdraw that motion for a moment?
Mr. MARSHALL. I cannot.
Mr. LETCHER. I belong to a party here
which has not been heard.
Mr. MARSHALL. Nor have I attempted to
have my party heard. I adhere to my motion.
Mr. THURSTON. Upon that 1 demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 6:2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Bingham, Bishop, Blis*? ttren-
tor).13room, Ezra Clark,C'luvv^on, Coliax,Cox, Craige,Oum-
back. Dannell, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean,
Dodd, Bustis, Evans, Fostet, Giddin&s, Giibcit, Greenwood,
Ilailan, J. Moirison IIarri>, Hairx&on, Haven, I-loftnian,
Holloway, Valentine B. Horton, Husfh«ton, Kelly, Kiiapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Leiter, Lmdiey,
Mace, Humphrey Marshall, McCarty, KHIian Miller, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Murray, Peck, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Prinze,
Puryear, lieade. Ready, IUtchie, Rivers, Robbins, Roberts,
Sabm, Sapp, Scott, Simmons, William R. Smith, Sneed,
Tliormnon, Tralton, Undci wood, Valk, Wade, Wnldron,
Walker, Elhhu B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watson,
Wheeler, Wood, Woodwoith, and Zollicolier—79.
N VYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell, Henry
Bennett, llendley S. Bennett, Booock, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Chaffee, Uingmaii,
Howell Gobi), Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Covode, Gragm,
ltavKl,on, Denver, Duwdell, Emrie F1°ie"oe>
Goode, Grow, Herbert, (Jeorfe W. Jones, keitt, Kidwell,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel a. Marshall, Matteson, Max-
well, McMuIlm, Smith Miller, Mow, Nichols, Andiew Oli-
ver, Pelton, i'helps, Quitman, Kuffin, Sage, Sandidge, Sav-
age, Seward, Shoiter, Spinner, Stanton, Talbott, Thurston,
Tnppe, Vail, Walbridge, Warner, Wells, Williams, Wins-
low, Woodruff, and John V. Wright—62.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Pending the call of the roil,
Mr. KNAPP stated that Mr. Bcffinton had
paired off with Mr. Eustis.
Mr. BOCOCK stated that his colleague, Mr.
Faulkner, had paired off for this week and the
next, with Mr. Eddy; and that Mr. Smith, of
Virginia, had also paired off with some gentle-
man whose name he did not recollect.
Mr. NORTON said: I have paired off with
my colleague, Mr. Harris. 1 find that he voted
yesterday with me against the amendment. But
1 have become satisfied that 1 labored under a
misapprehension in regard to the effect of the
amendment, and I should now vote, were I at
liberty to do so, to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table. I make this explanation in order
to set myself right upon tlie record.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
The SPEAKER. The business regularly in
order, is the consideration of the report of the
Committee of Elections, in reference to the con-
tested-election case from Nebraska.
Mr. WATSON. There has been a desire
expressed for a further postponement of the con-
sideration of this question, and such a course is
entirely consonant with the views of the Com-
mittee of Elections. The gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Stephens,] a member of that committee,
has not yet returned, and this is a matter in which,
I am informed, he desires to make some move-
ment; that he desires to bring in a minority report.
In order to afford a proper opportunity to examine
the question, and to have such action upon it as
is desired by the gentleman from Georgia, I move
that the further consideration of this case be
postponed until Tuesday next.
Mr. GREEjN WOOD. And as a further reason
why it should be postponed, I would state that
the majority report has but just been printed. I
desire an opportunity to examine it, and I pre-
sume other gentlemen desire the same thing. I
hope the motion to postpone will prevail.
The motion was agreed to.
PILOTAGE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote of yesterday, by which the
Committee on Commerce was discharged from
the further consideration of the Senate bill (No.
13) in regard to pilotage.
Mr. PHELPS. Was not that bill laid upon
the table?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was laid upon the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, by consent, withdrew
that motion, and moved to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up
the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland if he will jpitlidraw that motion, so as
to permit me to introduce a couple of bills for the
purpose of reference to the Committee on Com-
merce, which wants to act upon them ?
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection, sir.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask leave to introduce a
bill to improve the harbor of Conneaut, Ohio.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, objected.
Mr. BRENTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Maryland, I desire to ask the
consentof the House to take from the table a bill
which was sent in from the Senate this morning,
in order that it may be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. It is a bill on winch the wliole
business of the committee is depending. It is an
act to amend the act granting bounty land to cer-
tain officers and soldiers who have been engaged
in the military service of the United States, ap-
proved March 3,1855.
Mr. LETCHER. What does the gentleman
propose to do with that bill ?
Mr. BRENTON. To have it referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I object; and
call for the regular order of business.
Mr. DAVIS. I renew my motion.
Mr. NORTON. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland to withdraw it until the Gommittee on
Commerce report a bill.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made by the
gentleman from Mississippi to any other business
than that regularly in oraer.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's motion,
and it was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state ofithe Union, (Mr. Cobb, of
Georgia, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business be-
fore the committee was, by special order of_the
House, the consideration of House bill (No. 71,)
making appropriations for the current and contin-
gent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30,1857.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make this sugges-
tion to the committee: The Indian appropriation
bill contains in it nothing but that which is au-
thorized by existing law. There is no general
legislation recommended by the Committee of
Ways and Means in it. It is a very long bill,
and would require a good deal of time to have it
read through. I ask the unanimous consent of
the committee to have the first reading of the bill
dispensed with, and that the committee may pro-
ceed to amend it, as it is read through, by clauses.
I only make this suggestion for the purpose of
expediting business.
Mr. MORGAN objected, but afterwards with-
drew his objection.
Mr. HAVEN. To have this matter right and
properly understood, I move now to dispense
with the first reading of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
can only be done by unanimous consent.
There being no objection, the first reading of
the bill was dispensed with.
The first clause of the bill was reported, as fol-
lows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the following sums be, and they aic hereby, appropri-
ated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated, for the purpose of paying the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, argued an hour to
prove that Congress possesses the power to pro-
hibit slavery in afl the Territories m the United
States, declaring that he would exercise that
power, and let the consequences take care of
themselves.
Mr. S. 's speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.
Mr. DAY next addressed the House upon the
political subjects of the past, and as connected
with the question of African slavery. His speech
will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. RITCHIE obtained the floor, but yielded
to Mr. Haven, who moved that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Cobb reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly House bill (No. 71) making appropri-
ations for the cunent and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1857, and had come to no
conclusion thereon.
NAVAL DEPOT AT BRUNSWICK, GEORGIA.
Mr. SEWARD, by unanimous consent of the
House, reported back from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, a bill to establish a naval depot at
Brunswick, Georgia; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state ofthe Union,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
