1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1885
the tribes allowing me to take one third, I will
take what any body says is right." The matter
came to the Committee on Indian Affairs, as the
chairman knows, and who said we would allow
one half the bargain. " Well," said Mr. Thomp-
son, " if you think that is right, I am willing to
take it." The Senate passed a provision to g.vc
him half the bargain thus made by the approval
of the guardians of the Indians,and yetthercis an
attemptto cheat him outofhis money. Thatisall.
They talked it all over, and the correspondence
covers about one hundred and fifty pages. There
is a contest about the fairness of the transaction
on all sides. Congress* agreed to allow him one
sixth of the sum which he got for the Indians,
entirely by his eiforts, to which they were not
entitled, and where there was a fair show for a
division. It was what we call, at the southern
bar, a salvage case to be divided, and I think it
was a fair case for division. White persons who
come here and employ agents about us; I think,
from what I have heard about their business,
very frequently allow one third. This is one
sixth. Why should not the Indians pay it ? Wc
are told you are going to take the money out of
their annuities. You do that every day, and you
have a right to do it. You ought to have taken
this sum out of the $240,000 which they got.
All these services were rendered by their con-
sent, and the consent of this Government. Then
Mr. Thompson is told, " It is true you made a
fair contract with these people, and referred it to
the heads of the Department, who had a right
to speak, and referred it to the committee, and it
camc to the Senate, and they cut you down one
half, but Mr. Manypenny says you shall not
have the money." My vote shall be to give him
the money against Indians, Indian Commissioner,
or anybody else. The Senate voted it without
this proviso, and I would vote for it without that;
but he treated it as if the proviso was there, and he
complied with it, and ought to have his money.
Air. STUART. I was very much in hopes,
Mr. President, that the claim of Richaid W.
Thompson would never come before the Senate
again. How much I may have to say on the
subject before the discussion is ended, 1 do not
know. I shall certainly not say any more than
I deem it my duty as a representative m this body
to say; but I confess I am a little surprised at
the misapprehensions which seem to exist on the
part of the two Senators who have already spoken
m favor of this claim.
So far from the Indians ever having assented
to the payment of this money since the passage
of the act, I understand that it is not pretended
by the majority of the committee who made this
report: and when the discussion came up inci-
dentally the other day, the Senator from Georgia
admitted, in a desultory debate between him and
me, occupying perhaps not over five minutes,
that the law was properly regarded by the Presi-
dent as if the proviso had been published in the
statute-book.
Certainly.
That is the Senator's opin-
Mr. TOOMBS.
Mr. STUART,
ion now?
Mr. TOOMBS.
Mr. STUART.
Certainly.
That is my opinion, and the
opinion of the Attorney General.
Mr. TOOMBS. Pie did obtain the consent.
Mr. STUART. I have to take these Senators,
and show how they contradict each other. _ The
Senator from Indiana contends that that is not
the law. The Senator from Indiana contends
that a paper which was signed by these Indians
in Id.")!, more than a year before this law was
passed, is a consent in compliance with the law.
in the face of the opinion of the committee,
of the opinion of the Attorney General, and the
Pte«idr-nt of the United States, with asubmission,
as they say. agreed to by Thompson himself, to
the Indians, for the purpose of obtaining their
cons.',it since the law was passed, with a refusal
' by them to give consent, (which the committee
and the papers admit is in form, but the com-
mittee insist is not valid in substance.) with a
i ^commendation of the committee, that no further
legislation on the subject is necessary, the Sen-
ator from Indiana says the man is entitled to the
money.
.Now I ask any Senator here present if he will
contend that a law passed in March, 1855, requir-
ing the assent of the Menomonees to the pay-
ment of $40,000, before it can be paid, is com-
plied with by a papermade a year beforehand, in
which they say that Mr. Thompson is entitled
to over $80,000! Will any Senator here say that
that is a consent within the law ? Has the Secre-
tary of the Treasury said so ? Has the Attorney
Genera) said so? Has the President said so ? Has
not every one of those officers said it required a
submission to the Menomonees after its passage?
Does not the Senator from Georgia say that Mr.
Thompson himself assented that it required a
submission to the Indians?
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator's case depends
altogether on the way he states it. lie wants
adroit statements. 1 stated that Mr. Thompson
said that proviso was there, and he desirea his
rights treated on that basis, and he went and got
the assent.
Mr. STUART. Precisely.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not that he admitted the law
was not sufficient of itself, but the proviso ought
to have been there, and he treated it so. There is
some misunderstanding as to him and the Presi-
dent The President has never expressed an
\ opinion, according to his recollection, as to the
i justice of the claim.
| Mr. STUART. 1 understand that ; but there
; is no misapprehension in this statement ; it is
| agreed on all hands, that since the law passed
! there has been no consent by the Indians to the
i payment of this money.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Georgia has
twice said, if I understood him, that there was
such an assent since the passage of the law, and
I desiie to know where is the ewdence of it?
Mr. TCOMBS. In the papers.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator give me the
page if he pleases?
Mr. STUART. The paper read was dated in
the fall of 1854, and the act was passed in March,
1855; and there is no pretended consent of the
Indians since the passage of the act. There is no
dispute about the facts of the case. They are in
the documents. The Senator from Indiana does
not contend otherwise than asl have just stated.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator will allow me,
I will explain. The Senator from Georgia has
very correctly stated that the Senate thought no
such proviso was necessary. There was a com-
promise between this body and the claimant.
They agreed to give him $40,000 without the pro-
viso. The House added the proviso, that the
assent of the Indians be first obtained. Mr.
Thompson had the assent of the Indians at that
very moment. It has been read here at your
desks, and was signed by the chief and head men
of that nation, ceitified to by interpreters and by
respectable men to have been read to, and under-
stood, and approved by, the Indians.
Now, I take the ground that it was unneces-
sary, after that, for Mr. Thompson to go again
and collect the tribe to procure their assent to the
law; but, as the Senator from Georgia has cor-
rectly stated, he intended to do it, and attempted
to do it, but the interference of the Commissioner,
through his agent there, who has pursued Mr.
Thompson ever since he presented this claim,
prevented him from doing so. My position is
this: Mr. Thompson is entitled to his claim. If
the assent of the Indians was necessary upon the
paper that has been read at the desk, he was not
required to go an inch further.
Mr. STUART. I think the Senators will un-
derstand me better without any interruptions, for
I have stated the case correctly. I said thatneither
the Senator from Indiana, nor the Senator from
Georgia, nor any other Senator en this floor, pre-
tended that there has been a consent obtained
from those Indians since the law passed requiring
it. That is not pretended by anybody. Now,
I ask if there is a Senator in this body who will
say, that when Congress passes a law for the
payment of a certain sum of money out of Indian
annuities, piovided the Indians shall first consent
to it, that law intends to take what is claimed to
be a consent before the law was passed, or does
it intend to have a new one ?
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask the Senator whether he
denies that the paper read this morning is an as-
sent?
Mr. STUART. I deny the validity of it in
lota.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then you would deny aiay-
thing.
Mr. STUART. But I do not choose to argue
that point here, because no matter how valid it
may be, it is not what Congress required in the
law.
Mr. SEWARD. Can the honorable Senator
state the words of the proviso? That is the
present point of the argument, and I feel inter-
ested in this subject. This is my excuse for the
interruption.
Mr. STUART. Here it is from the record:
<( Resolved, That the House do agree to the one hundred
and thirty-sixth amendment of the Senate, with an amend-
ment, as follows: Add the following proviso at the end of
said amendment:
" Provided, That the same be paid with the consent of the
Menomonees."
If this is to be treated as a question on which
to override the action of the Departments and the
President, whose duty it is to execute the laws,
I shall begin to inquire, by-and-by, what author-
ity the Senate has in this matter. I shall want to
know, by-and-by, what right the Senate has,
acting al one, by a resolution, to fix a construction
to a law of Congress which the President and all
the heads of Departments repudiate. If we have
come to this, that it is claimed the Senate can give
a construction to a law which is to be executed
by the President, without consulting the House
of Representatives, who helped to make the law,
I think we have assumed an independence of
position that will pretty soon set us up as acting
without any other branch of the Government to
aid us.
As I have said, it is a little remarkable to me
that Senators should state this case so strangely.
Mr. Thompson, (and I beg the attention of the
Senator from Georgia to it,) on the passage of
this act, claimed that it was to be executed with-
out any regard at all to the proviso. He so
claimed before the Secretary of the Treasury.
When it was reported to the President, he claimed
it with him. When it was referred to the Attor-
ney General, he wrote him a letter, seeking to  
satisfy the Attorney General that, inasmuch as
the proviso was omitted in enrolling the bill, it
was no part of the law. It was not until he
received an intimation from the Attorney General
that he was going to decide against him, that he
admitted an agent should be sent out to the In-
dians to take the question, whether they would
consent to it or not? He then agreed that he would
do it.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
Mr. STUART. I cannot be interrupted.
Mr. BROWN. [ know you cannot, because
you state facts not sustained by the record. 1
have the opinion of the Attorney General in my
hand.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Michigan must not be interrupted without
his permission.
Mr. STUART. I will verify every statement
which I have made. I have read those docu-
ments carefully, and I will verify every statement
which I have made, and will read the papers.
The letters of Air. Thompson are published in
this book, claiming that the law was to be exe-
cuted as if there were no proviso oil it, up to the
time when he learned from the Attorney General
that he would decide agcunst hnn. He then
agreed that an agent should be sent out on the
part of the Government to take the question
before the Indians, whether they would consent
or not ? The agent was sent, and Mr. Thompson
appeared there. The agent reports that Mr.
Thompson made his statement to the Indians;
that Air. Huebschmann, the superintendent of
Indian affairs, al.-so made his statement in the
pro3encc of the agent; and that the agent, Air.
Clarke, then made his statement, in which he
explained the whole matter to the Indians, and
they asked time to consider on the subject.
Having taken the time, Mi. Clarke, as a^ent,
reports that they unanimous]}'rejected the claim.
Mr. Thompson says there we're improper ap-
pliances on the part of some agents of the Gov-
ernment; and the supenritendentsays there wi-ie
impioper appliances on the part of Thompson's
friends. That is ail open question of tVt to he
determined. It is also true and published in this
hook, that since this claim was submitted to iho
Indians, Mr. Thompson contends that the law is
to be executed without the proviso. That is here
writtendown,andheclaimsit to-day. That is the
standing of Mr. Thompson. The Senator from
