1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*6$
to our Minister at London, Mr. Buchanan, stating
that these treaties 44 were put an'end to by a sub-
sequent state of war'* with Spain, which termin-
ated m 1809? Here is a flat contradiction of him-
self by himself, which I submit is nothing less
than disgraceful to -cwpublic Minister. I can use
- no milder language when I refer to it. Our own
Minister, Mr. Lawrence, was told by Lord Pal-
merston to rely on the Chatfield statement, which
positively alleges the validity of those treaties;
and Lord Palmcrston himself, in his letter to
Castillon, relies on the validity pf those treaties
throughout; and the acts of the British Parliament
in 1817 and in 1819, and the treaties of the Brit-
ish Government m 1814 and in 1826, had recog-
nized the same treaties; and then, when pressed
hard in the argument by our Minister in London,
he tells us that the same treaties were abrogated
by a war with Spain which terminated even so
far back as 1809, and that they have been a dead
* letter ever since!
Mr. President, I could go on and consume the
time of the Senate by pointing out other incon-
sistencies in the arguments and statements of the
British Ministry as monstrous as this, but I for-
bear. I only wish now, before I have done, to
call the attention of the Senate to one other sub-
ject in this connection. Lord Clarendon con-
^ tends with Mr. Buchanan that the principle on
which the Amerjcon and P>ntish Governments
have always heretofore acted, that by a revolution
the territorial rights of the mother country, as m
our case and in the case of the Spanish American
colonies, devolve on the revolted colonics when
they have .successfully maintained theirindepend-
ence, and that they become virtually the heiis
of the rights they have assorted by the declaration
and maintenance of their independence, is not to
be now upheld. He is driven so hard in the argu-
ment that he denies that proposition; and what
is the effect of iho denial? To give his Govern-
ment, instead of a usufruct, an unlimited r^ht of
sovereignty and dominion m Belize. It is further
to deny the right of Nicaragua and the Central
American States to the rights which Spain had
in the country before the revolution of the Span-
ish American Republics. We all know, as men
whoha\e lead something of the law of nations,
how little credit is to be given to such doctrines
as his lordship contends for; but I desire now to
present still further conclusive evidence of the
territorial rights of Nicaragua. It would be a little
too much for me to suppose that the British For-
eign Office did not contain a copy of the treaty
which I am about to read to you. On the 25th day
of July, 18.30, Mr. Maivoieta, the Minister of
Nicaragua, concluded with Spain a treaty which
gave to Nicaragua all the lights which Spam ever
held in the whole country between the Pacific and
the Carnbcan Si a.
Mr. CASS. What is the date of that treaty.
Mr. CLAYTON. The 25th of July, I85tkand
if gentlemen wish to know how I obtained it, I
will state that 1 had it from Mr. Mareoleta him-
self; and I now present it before the Senate in his
own handwriting in Spanish, with an English
translation. As I know of no other way of
putting it on record, 1 will read that part of the
treaty vvliich cedes the whole territory to Nica-
ragua, so that Senators may judge of the candor
of any British Minister who shall h err-after over-
look this treaty, and contend that Nicaragua has
not the territorial rights which Spam had,
because they had not devolved on her by the
revolution. Here is the paper:
Extract of a treaty between Spain and Nicarasigned on
the 25th day of July, 1850, hi/ the Marquis of Pidal, Sec- j
retaiy of State of her Catholic Mojedy, and. Mr. lilarco-
Icla, Minhler Plenipotentiary from Nicaragua; ratified
on Ike Slsf. of Nu-ich, 1801.
Articuj.o J'rxmeuo. Article First.
Su jWaie-t-id ratohca.us- Her Catliolic Majesty,
arido de la lac alt id quo le making use of the faculties
compete por el decielodeins belonging to her, hom the
Cortes Generates del remo, d<K:iv>e ot the Cortex Gpneial i
del 4 de Dicienibie, d:; 1&!S, of the kingdom, of the 4th j
remmcia paia M.'mpiC. dol of December, U;3d, renoun- !
mode mas loimal yj-oleiinie, ce* foi ever, for herself and
por si y sus Kiice-oie^, la ^o- forhei Mieeesnors, tnc sover-
berama, derceho^v acetones eigjUy. lights, and actions
que la eoiTes.pondcns.obre el which belong to heimerthe
temtono Ameucano Mtuado Amcncan terutoiy s-uunter)
cntre el mar Atlantieo y el between the Atlantic and
Paciiico, con sus isias adya- Paciric seas, with the adja-
centes eonocido antes bazo ecu! islands, known before
la denommaeion de Piovm- under the name of the Prov-
cia de Nicaragua, hoy Re- incc of Nicaragua, now the
publica del mismo nombre, Republic of the same name,
and over the other territo-
ries which had been incor-
porated iii the said Republic.
Article Sfcond.
In consequence, Ilcr Ca-
tholic Majesty recognizes
as a free, independent, and
y sobre los demas temtorios
que sc habiesen incorporado
a dicha Kepubhca.
■Articcxo Secundo.
En consecuencia, su Ma-
jestad Catolica reconocc
como naeion libie, poberana      
& indcpendientc £t laRcpub- sovereign nation the Repub-
lica de Nicaragua coii todos lie of Nicaiagua, together
Ios territories que la pertc- with all the tciutoiie& which
neeen de mar d mar, b Que belong fa her from sea to
en lo sucesior la perteuecie- sea, and the tei ritoi ies which
ren. may, in the l'utuie, belong
to hoi.
And now, sir, I dismiss the subject of this let-
ter of Lord Russell with this single remark. In
a note of Mr. Buchanan to Mr. Marcy, of the
16th February, 1855, he says:
" From a ec>nver at:on which [ caeually had with Lord
Abeideen, on the <lav before the vote aaamst his lmm^tiy m
the Tloi^e of Common*, I wa- conliinied in the belief that
the Centtal Anienean question would have been settled had
lie i eniamed in powe  a few weeks longer."
The letter of Lord Russell of eoursc expressed
the sentiments of Lord Aberdeen, who was the
Premier at the time it was written; and we there-
fore know that the question would have been
settled on the principles stated in that letter,
without any attempt to confinc the treaty t(\ a
prospective operation, if Viscount" Palmerst^
had not, most unfortunately for all parties, then
comc into power to renew his rapacious policy, m
utter disregard of treaty obligations. While he
remains at*the head of the British Government,
it is impossible this question can ever be settled
amicably between the two nations.
Air. CASS. Mr. President, I came here to-day
desirous to express my sentiments upon this sub-
ject iu ihfi event of its being called up by the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware, and I am prepared
to do so; but I have been somewhat of an invalid
lately, and am afraid I shall not be able to stand
up long enough to express myself as fully as I
wish. I will, therefore, yield "the floor to any
gentleman who desm.-s to Nay anything upon this
subject-, or, if theie is none who entertains such
a wish, I will move a postponement of the ques-
tion until Monday, when I trust the Senate will
allow me to proceed. [" Agreed, agreed !"]
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, is it the desire
of the Senator from Michigan to pursue a debate
on the motion which was made by the Senator
from Delaware ? His motion, if I understand it
aright, is to refer the letter of Lord John Russell
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CLAPTON. I design to move not only
that, but also to print the paper for the use of the
Senate, and five hundred extra copies.
_ Mr. MASON. I have very great, diffidence,
sir, in expressing an opinion which would seem
to be contrary to the viewy entertained by honor- i
able Senarois who are not only older, but far '
better soldiers m parliamentary war] are than lam; 1
but 1 would submit to them that it would seem, !
for very many reasons, that a debate upon the ;
question* involved in the e.ouise of the discussion i
pursued by the honorable Senator from Delaware, j
is just now not exactly appropriate, either to tiuf j
condition of the question, or to the condition of i
the country. Congress is not organized; there is !
no Congress of the United States m session; and I
thought it was informally agreed some days a<?;o
that, until there should be a'Conr,ress m session,
ail questions referable to Congress should be
avoided by the Senate m its independent character.
Now, in lefcrenoe to this particular question,
I would say that it is a matter pending in no- j
gotiation between the United States and the j
(Government of Great Britain. We have been in-j
formed by the President, in his annual message, ;
informally sent to the two Houses, that the ques- ,
tioBS involved between the two countries are yet '
pending, and there is no reason to suppose, trust- j
mg, as we are bound to trust, to the honor and
good faith of foreign nations, both of which, I ;
agree with the honorable Senator, are involved ,
in the questions ponding between England and !
this country—at least we ought not to anticipate i
that honor and good faith will be violated, «nd
that these questions will not be brought to an i
amicable adjustment. Therefore it seems to me ,
that any debate which would require or permit
the Senate to pass an opinion upou the conduct
of England, or the views and purposes of England,
in reference to the Central American question,
before there is some definite action taken upojt;*
the subject by the Executive, would be ouVo£
place.
It is unnecessary for me to.express any opinion
upon the question; I shall refrain from doing so;
but if the "debate shall £o on, and if honorable
Senators shall express themselves upon the sub-
ject,! shall propose on its conclusion, if Congress
be not then organized, that the subject shall lie
over at least until Congress shall be organized.
Before I conclude, however, I -vyill venture to
say this much: I have not read the documents
accompanying the Piesident's message, excepts
in a very fugitive way in the newspapers of the,
day, for those documents have not been printed
and laid upon our tables; yet, so far as I have
read them, they show a purpose on the part of
England to disregard her treaty obligations with
this country. I say they show that purpose,
though I may be misinformed. Now, her treaty
obligations, regarding the question suggested by
the honorable Senator from Delaware, are ques-
tions of territorial light and territorial jurisdiction
between Governments just as foreign to us as
England is—the Governments in Central America.
England has entered into treaty stipulations with
this Government, regarding what both Govern-
ments seem to have considered as matters of im-
portant interest to them—the territorial rights
and jurisdictions of the foreign Governments in
Central America. I need not add my opinion
to that which I was gratified to hear expressed
from all quarters of the Senate, that, when the
question is presented to the Senate or to Congress
m any tangible form by the Executive, there will
be no difference of opinion amongst us as to the
duty incumbent on this Government to hold Eng-
land to a strict performance of her engagements
with the United States. But, sir, the President
is to conduct the foreign intercourse of the coun-
try; aiuhalthough I am little in the habit of giving
commendation in advance, I am glad to say that
in his annual jnessage he has given us every
reason to believe that, up to this period, the nego-
tiations between England and this country affect-
ing these questions have been conducted with
signal ability on the side of the American Gov-
ernment. When they are brought to a close, if
anything should require the interposition of Con-
gress, the people of the country will require
Congress to ofler that interposition, and Congress,
I am satisfied, will not bo found wanting.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, while 1 shall
concur with the honorable Senator from Virginia
in the desire which he expresses, that this de-
bate may be postponed until Monday, or until
the organization of the House of Representa-
tives, 1 deem it proper to guard against being
supposed to agree with him altogether in the
views which he takes of the position of the ques-
tion and of the condition of Congress.
As 1 understand the position of the question
it is this: our case—the American case—in this
controversy has been fully stated by our Govern-
ment to Great Britain, and an explicit demand
has been made upon that Government to fulfill
the treaty of 1850 by desisting from the violation
of it in Central America. This statement of our
case, so full, perfect, and therefore able, has been
fully answered, as I understand, by the British
Government, and our explicit demand has en-
countered an equally explicit denial. The Presi- ,
dent of the United States has seat to us a mes-
sage, in which he presents the condition of the
question in just that shape. It is now, therefore,
the duty of Congress to review the positions of
the two Governments, and to dotcimine what
shall be done. I think there ought to be no un-
necessary delay, lxcause unnecessary delay is
indecision, and indecision often loses a good
cause, while decision as often wins bad ones.
Therefore, i think that, unless we shall have some
intimation from the President of a change in the
position of the question, the time has come for
Congress to act upon it. On the other hand, 1
agree that there is no necessity for acting upon it
or discussing it at the present moment, because
the British Government is already well informed
of the position of the Executive on the question,
and also of what has already transpired hero in
the Senate. All this is probably now known to
the British Parliament and the British people.
It will show them that there is a united people
on this side of the Atlantic who arc determined
