1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
strength. Adopt this doctrine, and the Anglo-
Saxon must proceed to enslave the world; for
he is now, doubtless, the strongest race on the
globe.
This modern doctrine of Kansas Democracy—
the right of the strong to enslave the weak—is at
war witli the original reason for civil society. He '
who is able to defend his own rights and to avenge 1j
his own wrongs, needs not the interposition of
the'strong arm of the law for his protection; but
to defend the weak and to protect the defenseless
is the imperative, duty of the State. Sir, may I
interpret that smile of an honorable Senator? Is
it the satisfied spirit contemplating great political
truths, that thus illuminates a dignified counte-
nance? or does it bear the tinge of a sneer? Is it
the senatorial mode of discarding fundamental
truths as " mere abstractions? " Am I thus told j
that " such political abstractions might do in the
original formation of socity," hut that the system
of slavery has long since been established, and
that it cannot now be suddenly removed without
danger to the welfare of the slave, as well as the
safety of the master? If this be the purport of
that meaning' smile, its truth is granted. I believe
it every word. Its truth is conceded by the mass
of the people of the North and of the West. The
difficulty of the immediate emancipation of large
bodies of slaves in States where it has been long
established, is as fully understood, and as freely
admitted by the people of the free States as by
the people of the slave States.
But, sir, this is not a mere abstraction when
applied to Kansas. There the question is a new
one. You go there, not to defend old institu- j
tions, but to organize society—to lay the foun- j
dations of a republic de novo. There you a*e free j
from every embarrassment attending the ques- j
tion of emancipation in the old States. You go
there in advance of organized society to plant tne !
pillars of a State, where your will is supreme— i
where you may either approve or prohibit slavery j
as your hearts may prompt and your consciences
approve.
Then, if my argument is conclusive as an
straetion, it is equally conclusive when applied to
the practical question of the introduction of sla-
very into all the Territories of this Union where
it has not previously existed. If the oppression
of the weak by the strong is wrong in the first
organization of civil society, and should be pro-
hibited by law, it should be prohibited in Kansas,
in Nebraska, in Utah, and in New Mexico, as it
was prohibited in-the Northwest Territory, and
as it is now prohibited in Minnesota and Oregon.
It should be prohibited wherever you go to lay
the foundations of a State—to build up a new
republic.
There is an apology for the existence of sla-
very in the old thirteen States. When they were
severed from Great Britain, they inherited the
institution of slavery. You found it preexisting
in the Territories of Louisiana and the Floridas.
You acquired it with Texas in her reception into
the Union. But it was not acquired with Utah
and New Mexico. And, in 1854, it had no prac-
tical existence north of 36° 30' in any of your
Territories. In the great unoccupied Northwest,
this institution was no part of your inheritance.
There it can have no existence unless planted and
sustained by the strong arm of this Government.
I will close this point of the discussioiuby quoting
an opinion of Hon. John McLean, one of the
Justices of the Supreme Court of the United
States. When interrogated on this subject, this
learned jurist said:
"Without the sanction of law, slavery can no more
exist in a Territory than a man can breathe without air.
Slaves are not property where they are not made so by
municipal law. The Legislature of a Territory can exer-
cise no power which is not conferred on it by act of Con-
gress."
If Congress has power to prohibit slavery in
all of her Territories—if natural justice requires
its prohibition, wherever the question is unem-
barrassed by its preexistence under local legisla-
tion, it should be prohibited in Kansas without
delay. There are imperative reasons for the im-
mediate action of Congress, growing out of the
peculiar circumstances of its introduction and
protection in that Territory. In its introduction
violence has attended it at every step—the right
to the peaceful exercise of the elective franchise
has been violently overthrown—freedom ofspeech
and of the press has been ingloriously trampled
under foot—legislation has become a mockery—
the towns of Kansas have been besieged by bel-
ligerent armies—her plains have been stained by
the blood of her murdered citizens—the widows'
wail and the orphans' moan over slaughtered
husbands and fathers have driven the goddess of
liberty from her temples, while the armies of the
United States are compelling her freemen to lick
the dust at the feet of usurpers. It was intro-
duced by tnolence, and is sustained by force. \
Nor has Congress any assurance that this war
is ended. The people of Missouri are secretly
marshaling their forces for the conflict. They
have resolved to continue slavery in the Territory
by force. The shadow of tie arm of the General
Government may be used for this purpose; but
the propelling power is in western Missouri.
The people there seem to be laboring under the
strange delusion that the safety of their slaves
would be greatly endangered by the reestablish-
ment of freedom in Kansas, not reflecting that
Iowa bounds her on the north by an open line.
No Chinese wall separates these sister States.
The people of both States live by each other in
peace and quiet. No fears seem to be entertained
that the people of Iowa will steal their slaves.
But a strange infatuation seems to have seized
them in regard to the people of Kansas; as if the
more direct route to Canada were by the Rocky
mountains.
The people of western Missouri are not alone;
the people of the southern States are contributing
allies—they are sending men and money to defend
slavery in Kansas. The people of the northern.
States are marshaling opposing armies for the
same field of strife. Shall Congress sit idly here,
and await the result of the shock of arms—if
indeed that shall happen—until a fraction of the
.people of this great nation shall settle a great ques-
tion of State policy, on the battle-field, in human
gore? It is useless to denounce the people of
Kansas as traitors to the Union for discarding
the spurious laws of a spurious Legislature. It
will be vain to attempt to produce peace and auiet
by compelling freemen to submit to laws which
they never sanctioned. The will of a freeman
will not so easily bend.
But Congress can settle these disturbances in a
single day, either by suffering Kansas to become
a State, in pursuance of " the true intent and mean-
ing" of the organic actthatconferred on the people
" the right to regulate their own institutions in
their own way," or by amending this organic act
so as to exclude slavery from the Territory. And
I fear it can be settled peacefully in no other mode;
for it is now clear, that if the citizens of Kansas
should finally succeed in triumphing over all op-
posing influences—force, fraud, perjury, spurious
legislation, and I fear I may safely add, the influ-
ence of this Administration—and exclude slavery
by a direct vote, they have no assurance of peace
and quiet: for the same statesmen that deny the
power of Congress to exclude slavery from the
Territories, also deny the power of the Territorial
Legislature to exclude this species of property.
They tell us that such legislation by Congress
and by Territorial Legislatures is alike unconsti-
tutional and void; that slaveholders-have the right
to take their slaves into any and all of the Terri-
tories purchased by the common blood and treas-
ure; that the Constitution guaranties this right,
and that all laws exfcluding them are in bad faith.
Hence this " squatter sovereignty" doctrine,
which declares that " the people of a Territory
shall be left free to regulate their own institutions
in their own way, is a fraud on the free States.
When properly understood, it means 'that the
people may establish slavery in the Territories,
if they choose, and that, they shall be compelled
to do so if they refuse! Nothing more—nothing
less. Itfets been introduced into Kansas by force,
and is now defended by the armies of this Gov-
ernment. And the country is distinctly notified
that if this defense of slavery in the Territories
should be discontinued, that the union of these
States shall be dissolved.
The honorable Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Butler]—justly admired for his great tal-
ents, and venerated for his candor and integrity—
a few days since, in a very able speech tnen
delivered on this subject on the floor of the Senate,
made the impressive and startling declaration,
" That he wished to be understood—he did not
speak rashly—his words were measured—but
unless the equality of the States could be preserved
in territorial legislation, he would advise the
people of South Carolina to go out of the Union."
This may not be the exact wording of the Sen-
ator's proposition, but it does no violence to the
sense. He said " deliberately," (and called the
Senate to note the deliberation)—" with measured
words"—that unless the equality of the States
could be preserved in territorial legislation, he
would advise the people of South Carolina to go
out of the Union.
The character of that " equality" which must
be maintained for the States, to prevent a disso-
lution of the Union by the southern States, is
more elaborately expressed by the honorable
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] That I
may not seem to do him injustice, I quote first
from his recent speech delivered in the Senate.
He says:
I " We intend that the actual, bona fide settlers of Kansas
shall be protected in the full exercise of all the rights of free-
men ; that, unawed and uncontrolled, they shall freely and
of their own will legislate for themselves to every extent
allowed by the Constitution, while they have a territorial
government; and when they shall be in a condition to come
into the Union, and may desire it, that they shall come into
the Union with whatever repnblican constitution they may
prefer and adopt for themselves; that in the exercise of
these rights they shall be protected against insurrection
from within and invasion from without. The rights are
accorded to them without any reference to the result, anil
will be maintained, in my opinion, by the South and the
North."
Again:
"I know that many gentlemen with whom i have cor
responded, and from whom I have otherwise heard, in
western Missouri, General Atchison among them, ask for
nothing more. They simply demand that the actual set-
tlers who go to that country shall have a fair opportunity to
establish those domestic institutions which they may think
Froper. General Atchison took this ground in the Senate.
ain very sure be stands upon it now. I shall, therefore,
dismiss the anonymous, unsupported charges against him.
He is ready, at all times, to answer for himself; and, I am
sure, in every contingency, he will maintain that lofty
character which he has always sustained."
Again:
"Against all these conflicting efforts and opinions the
friends of the Constitution, justice, and equality have
hitherto held, and will continue to hold, the scales of jus-
tice, even and unskaken. We still tell all the joint owner*
of this public domain to enter and enjoy it, both in the
North and the South, with property of every sort; exercise -
the full powers of American freemen; legislate for your-
selves to any and every extent, and upon any and every
subject allowed by our common Constitution: the Federal
Government will protect you against all who attempt to
disturb you in the exercise of these invaluable rights; and
when you have become powerful and strong enough to bear
the burdens, and desire it, we will admit you into the family
of. sovereigns without reference to your opinions and your
action upon African slavery. Decide that question for
yourselves, and we will sustain your decision, because it ia
your right to make it. This is the policy of the Kansas
bill; it wrongs no man—no section of our common coun-
try."
But this is the pleasant spicing to an unpleasant
dish. It is a kind of sophistry which deceives by
its apparent fairness, and which is so finely ex-
pressed as to create a desire to leave its beauty
unmarred. But how is its logic affected by the
following from the honorable Senator's Boston
speech ?
" The constitutional construction of this point by the
South works no wrong to any portion of the Republic, to
no sound rules of construction, and promotes the declared
purposes of the Constitution. We simply propose that the
common Territories be left open to the common enjoyment
of all the people of the United States, that they shall be
protected in their persons and property by the Federal Gov-
ernment until its authority is superseded by a State consti-
tution ; and then we propose that the character of the do-
mestic institutions of the new State be determined by the
freemen thereof. This is justice—this is constitutional
equality."
Here, sir, what I have shown to jje true, as a
logical sequence from the denial of power in
Congress to exclude slavery from the Territories,
is distinctly avowed. The honorable Senator
from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] declares this to be
" the constitutional construction of this point by
the South." He says:
" We still tell all the joint-owners of this public domain
to enter and enjoy it, both in the North and in the South,
with property of every sort." " That, unawed and uncon-
trolled, they shall freely, and of their own will, legislate for
themselves to evgry extent allowed by the Constitution,
while they hate a ttrrUorial government."
