■->1 X. V
4m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
maintain and fulfill that treaty, and to exact
from Great Britain that she shall maintain and
fulfill it also. Westand, therefore, well enough;
we cannot improve our position.
I do not agree with the honorable S.enator that
there is no Congress here. I think the Congress
of the United States is bodily and spiritually pres-
ent, competent to exercise all its functions. Jt
is true the other House is not yet organized, but
that is a matter—a temporary inconvenience—
which, while it makes delay, does not prevent
this House from transacting any business. Still,
from the beginning, I have voted with the honor-
*able gentlemen who have been in favor of de-
ferring the transaction of all business here. 1
have thought that courtesy and a regard to the
spirit of the Constitution required us to forbear
in this House from transacting any important
business until Congress shall be formally organ-
ized; and therefore I shall agree with the honor-
able Senator from Virginia and those who prefer
to delay any further debate-on this question until
the House of Representatives shall in fact be
organized. When that event will happen none
of us know. It may happen to-day, to-morrow,
next week, or it may not be for some time. I
think we should do well, therefore, to adopt the
spirit of the honorable Senator's suggestion, by
postponing this debate urttil Monday, and if there
is then a House of Representatives fully organ-
ized, we shall be able to hear the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan, whom I suppose we shall
all delight to hear; and if the House is not then
organized, we can postpone the debate until an-
other day, when the House shall be organized.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I had no wish
myself to bring on this discussion; I did not
bring it on; but I desire to express my sentiments
upon it when it comes up properly for action. I
must say now, however, that I do not agi ce with
the honorable Senator from Virginia on this sub-
ject. I cannot possibly conceive what objection
there can be to the representatives of the States
of this Union discussing this question before the
American people. I have not the remotest con-
ception of a valid objection to it. The President
has evidently reached the end of his effort. I
think he intimates, as distinctly as a Chief Magis-
trate should intimate, that no means now remain
in the power of the Executive. No man can
read his message without perceiving that. We
have all the facts, all the statements, all the argu-
ments before us. Why should we not discuss it
before the American people? Is there a secret to
be kept from them ? Is there any intimation to
be given to a foreign country which she does not
know already? Not a word of one or the other.
As I view the matter, we have two objects in
view. One is, that discussion by different minds
places the subject in different points of view; and
therefore, the utility of discussion; but above all
I wish to see us present one determined, united
front on this subject. That is the object I have
in view;and I repeat, I cannot see the shadow of
an objection to discussing before the American
people a question which as deeply affects their
interests as almost any other that has occurred
since the independence of the country; I cannot
understand, nor shall I ever act on any such view.
With respect to the non-organization of the
House, I agree—I have agreed from the begin-
ning1—that it is better, whatever may be our abso-
lute powers, not to do any legislative business
until the House shall have been organized; but I
can see no objection to the'discussion of a ques-
tion which does not call for legislative action.
The time may, perhaps, be as profitably spent in
that -way as in any other; or, rather, time not
spent in any way may profitably be spent in that
way. I should desire to have the discussion go
on. I shall be unable, until Monday, to say any-
thing upon it; and, theiefore, at the suggestion
of Senators around me, I move to postpone the
further consideration of the motion of the honor-
able Senator from Delaware until Monday next,
at whidfi time I shall ask the Senate to be good
enough to hear me.
Mr, CLAYTON. I am perfectly willing that
the motion shall be 'postponed to Monday next,
as gentlemen desire it; but I wish to have the
letter printed;and I hope that by unanimous con-
sent an order will be made for printing it, so that
we may have the letter before us while we are
speaking upon it. I move that the letter be ordered
to be printed, and that five hundred copies, in
addition to the usual number, be printed for the
use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan, to post-
pone to Monday, next the further consideration
of the subject.
Mr. BUTLER. I would prefer that there should
be no day fixed for this debate. I am disposed
to differ very much from the honorable Senator
from Michigan, who seems to suppose that mat-
ters of negotiation and diplomacy should first be
discussed in the Senate, before we have them com-
municated to us through the regular and consti-
tutional channel—the President. I doubt it, and
have always doubted itr I have ever dissented
from this mode of dealing with such delicate sub-
jects; and I ask that when this matter shall be
taken up, the question shall be left open, whether
or not it shall be discussed.
The motion to postpone to Monday was agreed
to.
ADJOURNMENT OVRR.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
me/t on Monday next.
M THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. MASON. I ask leave to present the
memorial of Commodore Thomas Ap Catesby
Jones, asking for relief for the injustice visiteel
on him by the board of Navy officers organized
under the act of the last session " to promote the
efficiency of the Navy." In presenting this
memorial, I deem it due to the occasion, in a very
few words, to say that, upon perusing it, it has
tended very strongly to confirm the impressions
which I expressed a few days ago on the subject
of the action of this board.
Commodore Jones has been in the Navy for
nearly fifty years; and now, after having obtained
the rank of a post captain—the highest rank in
our Navy—at the age of sixty-five years, he has
been declared by this board incapaole of further
efficient service. Tobe sure,he has been retired
on what is called leave-of-absence pay, but it is
strongly marked in the terms of this memorial,
what all of us know out of doors who have con-
versed with these officers, giving them the leave-
of-absence pay has been, m their judgment, no
mitigation of the exceeding wrong that has been
visited on them m depriving them of ti position
entitled to active service.
It is suggested to me that it takes from them
also all chance of future promotion. That is
very true; but a post captain cannot be pro-
moted in our service, as it stands at present, be-
cause lie has attained the highest rank; but yet
it may be probable—it is certainly possible—that,
before these officers have become wholly ineffi-
cient, or have passed from the stage of life, there
may be an increased rank in our Navy. Be that
as it may, it is a very remarkable fact attending
the action of this board, that no officer, so far as
I am informed, has been enabled to learn, from
any quarter, the reasons which induccd the board
either to disrate him or to drop him from the
service. The Secretary of the Navy, m his in-
structions to the board,—for he did give them in-
structions,—has enumerated various causes for
which officers might be either disrated or dis-
missed: physical or mental incapacity; habits of
conduct in life which unfit them for service; the
commission of dflenses against society or against
the service,—all arc enumerated as causes for
which officers might be disrated; but no cause is
assigned for the action in any individual case
whatever; and, therefore, of the honorable men
who have thus been placed under the ban and
disparaged before the world, and left in the Navy
with a stigma on them, none is able to say why
it was affixed, and all <is left to conjecture—wild
conjecture.
Now, sir, in the case of this justly distinguished
officer—whom I have known from my boyhood,
and known only to admire and to honor during
his career—I have been unable to determine why
he (who it is shown here is, at this day, phys-
ically and mentally just as capable of performing
his duty as he was thirty or forty years ago) has
had visited upon him the sentence of disparage-
ment which emanated from the boaid. Mr.
President, the Secretary of the Navy, in reply to
aletter from Commodore Jones—a very respectful
letter, which is embodied in the memorial—asking
why he had been placed on the reserved list,
informed him that his communication should be
placed on file, and receive respectful consideration,
but, under the existing law; he had no power to
act in the matter. There is, then, the construc-
tion of the Secretary of the Navy, that, un^er the
existing law, if any redress can be afforded to
any officer of the two hundred and one who have
been virtually disbanded, it must come from Con-
gress. The Secretary says there is no relief at
the executive department.
Commodore Jones states in his memorial,
which embodies his communication to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, the active service m which he
has been engaged for the last forty years; and he
connects with it certificates from medical gentle-
men of this city, whose reputation in their pro-
fession is known to most, if not to all of us, who
declare to him (and many of them have known
him for many years—one of them sailed with him
in the years 1843, 1844, and 1845) that, so far as
they can judge, super visu corporis, he is just as
capable of performing all his duties as a captain
in the Navy now ashe was twenty or thirty years
ago. He has attained to the age of sixty-five
years—an age that has been passed by a great
many honorable Senators around me, every one
of whom would feel himself offended by a sug-
gestion that he was mentally or physically inca-
pable of service in life.
I cannot conceive what led this board of officers
to inflict such a wound upon the justly sensitive
honor of this distinguished officer unless it was—
and I am left to conjccture—that he is disabled in
one of his limbs by a wound which he received
during the last war with Great Britain in the year
1814, under which he has been performing active
service both at home and abroad, distinguishing
himself and shedding renown on the arms of his
country for a period of forty years, carrying that
wound with him all the time. And how, sir, was
that wound received? When he was a lieutenant
in 1814, when this gallant man, with but five gun-
boats and one hundred and sixty-eight men, kept
at bay off New Orleans a fleet offorty-fivc British
boats and twelve hundred men, disabling four
hundred of the enemy, and losing one half of his
o\\ n command, he was struck down oy a wound
which I am left to infer now, forty years after-
wards, induced the naval board to declare him
unfit for further service.
T say we are left to conjecture. I did hear it
conjectured out of doors—for in reference to this
gallant and distinguished man I have taken a
deep personal interest—that he had been actually
invalided by receiving a pension for that wound.
Sir, those who know him, those who know the
cause of his applying for that pension at the time
it was allowed him, (and a small pension it was,)
know that it was allowed by the Cabinet who
at that time were intrusted with the construction
of the pension laws, because it was shown, in
consequence of this wound—a wound on the
shoulder that disabled his arm—he was obliged
to have always in attendance upon him a servant
to enable him to put on his clothes and take them
off again, winch was an additional expense de-
volved on him by reason of disability m one of
his limbs. Even that pension, however, was
taken from him by a later construction—a con-
struction made, I think, in 1840 or 1841, of subse-
quent pension laws.
The memorial shows, Mr. President, that this
officer is just as capable of performing his duty
now as he has been for the lastforty years. He
has attained only the age of sixty-fi've years, and
yet he is declared ineligible to further promotion, i
and is disparaged as an officer in the Navy. I
shall say nothing of the motives which actuated
the boaid in anything that they have done. I
know not their motives. I have no doubt that it
was an exceedingly ungrateful and odious service
to some, at least, of the officers who constituted
the board. I have reason to believe so, not from
any conversation with them, for I have held con- "
versation with none of them. I venture further
to suggest, there were officers upon that board
who, having realized what the board have done,
will regret as long as they live that they did not
put their commissions against the order of the
Secretary requiring them to go upon it.
I said, Mr. President, when 1 trespassed on
