1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
Georgia, therefore, is unsupported by the docu-
ments when he says that Mr. Thompson, being
ah honest "man, consented readily to the applica-
tion of the proviso. He did notconsent until he
found that the opinion of the Attorney General
was about to be given to the President, and he
Would be compelled to assent,
Mr. TOOMfeS. Give your evidence for that
statement. 1 have notfound it in the papers that
I "have seen.
Mr. STUART. I have read them carefully
and they are here. Everything I say is in this
book. (Executive Document No. 72, first ses-
sion Thirty-Fourth Congress.)
Mr. TOuMBS, I wish noaltercation with the
Senator, If he means that what he says is in
Mr. Manypenny's statements, very well. Of
Course he can jret fifty things there.
Mr. STUAltT. I mean that it is in Mr.
Thompson's reply, submitted to the committee
for examination in the committee room before the
report was made to the Senate. It is Mr. Thomp-
son own statement in reply to Mr. Manypenny,
contending now that he is not bound by the pro-
viso.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not the question which
I made.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Michigan
will not allow interruption, but I must say mat
Mr. Thompson contended, as a mere legal prop-
osition, that lie had a right to have the benefit of
the law as enrolled. He never contended for
more, but simply that it was his legal right to
have it so. So it is as a legal question.
Mr. STUART. Now let us see how these
Senators stand. Here is the Senator from Geor-
gia who says that it is not so.
Mr. BROWN. I did not so understand him.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have made no such state-
ment.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman from Geor-
gia said Liiis law was to he construed with the
proviso.
Mr. TOOMBS. I stated that the proviso was
in it, but I agreed expressly with the Senator
from Mississippi as to the effect of the law.
Mr. Thompson, 1 said, agreed to treat the pro-
viso as there, and said that with or without the
proviso he was entitled to the money, and I be-
lieve so. If you consider the proviso there, the
consent was sufficient. Considering it not there,
the law is an order to pay the money. That was
my position in the committee, and is now.
Mr. STUART. Then we arc brought to this
point—whether the Senate of the United States,
after the opinion of the executive authorities
has been taken, and they have acted on it, and
Mr. Thompson has acquiesced in it, will now
declare, by a resolution, that the construction of
the law is to be without the proviso? 1 think
that had much better be referred, if you are dis-
satisfied with the construction of the President
and Attorney General, to the courts.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the Senator mean to
quote the report of the committee for his state-
ment as to what the Senate of the United States
is called on todo? Does he allude to anyamend-
ment, or to the report of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs?
Mr. STUART. I state the argument of Sen-
ators here.
Mr. TOOMBS. But the statement is as to the
effect of adopting the report. The committee
merely ask to be discharged, leaving everybody
to the legal effects of the law, without any opin-
ion on it.
Mr. fcSTUART. Very well; that part of it I
have not complained of. I am contented with
that, and 1 have not complained of it; but the
Senator from Indiana was asked what would be
the effect of it, and he said the effect would be to
give Mr. Thompson his money without anything
more bein*r done.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think so too.
Mr. STUART. Let us look at that for a mo-
ment. The Congress of the United States passed
a law; and here let me correct the Senator a little
in regard to the history of this law. The first
amendment that was offered to an appropriation
bill was to pay Mr. Thompson over eighty thou-
sand dollars. It was discussed here at great
length, and, after full debate before the Senate,
Was rejected, on the yeas and nays, by a decided
vote. T hat was on tne Indian appropriation bill,
in February, 1855. At a latei day, on the civil
And diplomatic appropriation bill, a proposition
was mads to pay him one half. 1 came into the
Senate from some duty with the President of the
United States, just as the vote was being taken.
Whether there was any discussion upon it L do
not know, but [ understand that there was not.
Oh the vote being taken, it was carried in the
affirmative by a small majority, I coming in at
the instant, and voting in the affirmative, intend-
ing to move a reconsideration. So that the Senate
of"the United States, upon solemn argument, on
a full vote, determined on the Indian appropria-
tion bill that Mr. Thompson was not entitled to
his thirty-three per cent. After the fullest argu-
ment, that occupied one day, and, I think, nearly
two days, the Senate, by a solemn vote, rejected
the claim according to his contract. That is the
commencement of the history of this matter in
Congress. At a subsequent time, the Senate
adopted an amendment to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, allowing him half, without
debate, or with very little, if any, and passed it
by a small vote. It went to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and the House refused to pass the
proposition in that form. Now, I should like to
know with what propriety gentlemen get up here
and tell us that the Senate, by a law, determined
to pay the money without the proviso. It takes
the Senate, and the House of Representatives,
and the President, to determine anything by law:
and when the House of Representatives attached
that proviso, and sent it back, the Senate resolved
to agree to it. There was a committee of con-
ference, and when the report was made, the Sen-
ate, by a vote, adopted it.
At this point of the inquiry I must say that it
does not seem to me to be entirely proper to he
imputing motives to gentlemen. I do not believe
it can influence the vote of a single man in this
body to make charges against the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs or the supepintemlentof Indian
affairs. They are not here to defend themselves.
I have certainly no disposition to engage in any
such controversy; but I will ask who is most
likely to be actuated by improper or interested |
feelings, a public officer of the United States who j
has nothing to gain, or a man who is in search
of $40,000? It is said—the Senator from Georgia
allowed himself to say to-day—that the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs procured the House
of Representatives to insert the proviso. I am
apprised of no such fact as that, and I do not be-
lieve a word of it; not that I dispute the word of
the Senator—he understands me, of course, on
that point; but I think there is no information
justifying any suck belief.
Mr. PUGH. I believe tfie record will show
that the proviso was offered by the chairman of
i the Committee on Indian Affairs in the House.
Mr. TOOMBS. The fact to which I alluded
was stated in the case of Mr. Thompson as sub-
mitted to the committee, and I got my informa-
tion there. Of course 1 have no personal inform-
ation of all these parties, but Mr. Manypenny
has been heard, and his statement covers seventy-
five or one hundred pages of this volume.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from Georgia
says it is the statement of Mr. Thompson that the
fact was so.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. Then it is the statement of
Mr. Thompson that the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs interfered and induced the House to put
on this proviso. I do not know how it may be
with other Senators, but I could not allow myself
to vote to take money which we agreed by treaty
to pay to the Indians, and appropriate it to the
payment of their creditors, without their consent.
1 think we arc as much bound by the treaty to
obtain the consent of the Indians for a change of
it, as we should be in the ease of a treaty with
England. I think it was entirely necessary and
proper that, before Congress undertook to pro-
vide that money should be paid out of their an-
il nuities, they, as the other contracting party,
! should consent to it; and therefore there might
; be a sound legislative motive in requiring their
' assent.
j Mr. SEWARD. Will my honorable friend
| allow me to call his attention to a point, in all
, candor ?
I Mr. STUART. Certainly.
! Mr. SEWARD. I confess I have nojudgment
made up on this subject, and I am in a strait how
to form one. I want to call the honorable Sena-
tor's attention to the precise difficulty that labors
in my mind, and which I suppose is the turning
point of the whole case. After hearing this
earnest debate, I am satisfied that the committee
understand the proviso to be a proviso to this
extent: this money shall be paid, provided it shall
not be done without the consent" of the Indians;
and they held that any consent of the Indians,
previous or future, to any such appropriation,
is a fact to be affirmatively established by the
proviso, and then the money is to be paid;
whereas the opponents of the report understand
it to be a stipulation that, whatever the Indians
may have consented to heretofore, this is a new
and distinct measure, and that the payment shall
not take effect unless the Indians consent to this
very act in the future. Now, if the Senator can
make an elucidation of that difficulty, I shall be
pleased to heai it. To my own mind there ap-
pears to be a pretty fair case on both sides.
Mr. STUART. I think I can answer the point
suggested by the Senator from New York so per-
fectly as to leave no question about it. Congress,
in 1851, if I remember the dates correctly, in
consequence of the great injury which they be-
lieved had been perpetrated on various tribes of
Indians by agents, provided thatno money should
be paid to the agents. The law was found to be
defective, and in 1852 Congress amended it, and
passed a new law declaring thatall contracts made
with Indians by agents to pay them any fees or
charges, should be absolutely null and void
That was done in 1852; and any contract, in 1854,
in violation of that law, is so-much waste paper.
Congress interposed with its solemn arm. I
presume the Senator from Georgia will remember
one of the most stirring speeches of a few minutes
that was ever delivered on anysubject, by a mem-
ber from North Carolina in the House of Repre-
sentatives, in which he mentioned a case that he
had for one of his constituents, and when he went
to the Department he found that the agents had
taken almost the entire money, and left a mere
pittance for the Indians. Congress was called
upon to act promptly, and they cut up this whole
system, root and branch, and determined that
these agents should not be recognized, and that
their contracts with Indians should be null and
void. A proceeding at any time before this pro-
vision passed in 1855, to pay Mr. Thompson,
getting up any contract with the Indians to pay
him a sum of money, was, within the very terms
of the law, null and void. But for this provision
of the act of 1855, making a new law which, to
the extent of Mr. Thompson's claim, overrides
the law of 1852, the whole thing would be against
the law of Congress, and void.
Thus we stood when Congress, in 1855, came
to legislate on this subject, and they provided that
the assent of the Indians should be had. Now,
I ask, will anybody pretend that the assent before
obtained, which was declared to be a null assent
by law, could have been intended to be recog-
nized by Congress when they passed the act of
1855? And if there were no such law, would
Congress have used this language: " Provided it
shall not be paid without the consent of the Indi-
ans," if they intended to say it should be paid in
accordance with a consent already given ? Does
not the Senator from New York see that there
was no necessity for providing for the consent, if
Congress supposed there was a consent already
given? But I say, without reference to that, a
law passed to-day requiring a consent, means a
future consent; and 1 apprehend no court, under
any circumstances, would ever contend for any
other construction.
Mr. SEWARD. I will explain, in order that
the Senator will understand me, that, as I have
gathered the case here, there was a question be-
fore Congress, whether that consent had been
actually and validly given.
| Mr. STUART. Oh, no, sir.
I Mr. SEWARD. One side claimed that such
I was the case.
I Mr. STUART. Oh, no!
Mr. BRIGHT. Will the Senator allow me a
moment? I am unwilling that the Senator should
argue on a state of facts which does not exist.
He is treating the law of Congress 
Mr. STUART. I will hear anything from the
Senator, but I say there need be no dispute about
