THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
[Laughter.] But such are the facts, and such
are the figures. In a time of profound peace with
all the world, when our army amounts only to
fifteen thousand men, we are spending$10,000,000
a. year more than when we were supporting an
army of fifty thousand men on foreign soil.
That is one of the reasons why I am opposed
to this additional appropriation of $3,000,000.
We hear a great deal about economy. Why,
sir—can you, would you believe it?—one of the
great claims which the President has upon the
confidence, and the respect, and the support of
the country, in our section, is the great econ-
omy—yes, sir, the great economy with which he
administers the Government! We are pointed
triumphantly to his veto of the French spoliation
claims, and of the Collins-steamers appropri-
ation. It is said great credit is to be bestowed
on him for the fidelity with which he watches the
Treasury. I know a great many men who watch
their private treasuries in the same way—that is,
they have money to pay for everything under
lie%ven except their honest debts. That is just
exactly the economy of .the President in expend-
ing $63,000,000, and refusing $3,000,000 or
$4,000,000 to pay the French spoliation claims.
I have a word or two to say about the Collins-
steamers appropriation, which the President
vetoed. I was not a member of the last Congress;
but if I had been here, I should have voted for
that bill. The Senator from Mississippi may
take all the advantage he can from that fact. I
say I would have voted for that bill, and against
the ten steamers this year. This economical
party, that cannot pay the contract price to Col-
lins for carrying the mail, have this year rushed
through the Senate, almost without debate, a bill
appropriating $5,000,000 to build ten new war
steamers. How much are they going to cost ? It
will cost at least $5,000,000 to build them. How
much will it cost to keep them ? By a report of
the Secretary of the Navy and the Postmaster
General, in 1852, it appears that the cost of a
steamer at that time was about $475,000; the Sec-
retary now estimates that they will cost $500,000
apiece. What will be the expense of keeping
one of these ton new war steamers afloat? By
the same document from the Secretary of the
Wavy, it seems that it cost $190,000 a year to
keep one of these vessels afloat, only supplying
them with coal for ninety days. One of those
steamers costs $500,000 in the first place; and, if
you keep her afloat with steam for ninety days,
you do it at an expense of $190,000. Tlius you
have for the ten new war steamers, which have
been appropriated for at this session, an expend-,
iture, at the beginning, of $5,000,000, and an
annual expenditure of at least $1,900,000, or
$2,000,000 in round numbers, to keep them afloat.
Do you suppose that the President will veto
that bill ? Do you imagine that he will be taken
with a fit of economy when lie comes to see that?
Will he re-read his veto on the Collins steamers?
Not at all. These steamers, if they go through
the House (which I trust in God they will not)
will sail beautifully through the White House—
they will not want much steam to carry them
through. The Collins steamers, however, are
built at no expense to the Government; they are
employed for the purpose of carrying the mail,
and forwarding the arts of civilization and hu-
manity; and why is it that a proposition to pay
them the contract price is vetoed by our econom-
ical President, while double their expense is in-
curred for a set of steamers of a very different
character? I do not know the reason; but I have
my opinions in regard to it. The fact that these
ten steamers will require a vast amount of public
treasure to be expended, a great many contracts
to be made,agreat many people to be employed,
and a great deal of money to be disbursed about
the time of the presidential election, may possibly
have some connection with the fact of the bill for
their construction being rushed through in this
way. Sir, if you are going to appropriate meney
tor steamers, let it be for steamers that will do
something for the benefit of the country and of
mankind, and not for useless and idle war
steamers.
There is another view in relation to this matter
that I wish to present, and that is the necessity
of the appropriation proposed by this bill at the
present time. Ill the annual report of the Secre-
tary of War, he makes no demand for it. I have
taken the trouble to look over his annual report
to see what he is about, and what he has been
doing, in order to understand why he wants so
much money. If you were to read his account
of what he has been doing at the various arsenals
in this country, without looking at the heading
of the page, you would think you were reading
the preparations of the allied armies for carrying
on the war in the Crimea. Let me tell you a
little of what he has been doing. He wishes now
to alter the small-arms, to take off the flint locks
and make percussion locks of them, and he wants
$3,000,000 to do it, because the emergencies of
the country require it.
I propose to tell the Senate how many small-
arms the Secretary of War has provided this very
year with percussion locks—-just exactly such as
he proposes to put on the muskets which he is
going to fix with the $3,000,000. 1 find by his
last annual report that he manufactured, at the
Springfield armory last year, 8,624 percussion
muskets of the model of 1842; and he manufac-
tured, at Harper's Ferry armory, ofthe same kind
of muskets, 7,700; making of percussion muskets
after the model of 1842 manufactured last year,
16,324. Besides, at Harper's Ferry, at the rifle
factory, he manufactured 1,300 percussion rifles
with brass mountings; 590 percussion rifles with
long-range sights, screw pattern; and 449 percus-
sion rifles, with long-range sights, slide pattern;
making a total of 2,339 percussion rifles manu-
factured. Eesidesall this, 1,041 percussion rifles,
brass mountings, were received from Washing-
ton arsenal, adjusted with long-range sights,
screw-pattern, and studs for sword bayonets;
1,200 percussion rifles, brass mountings, were
received from Washington arsenal, adjusted with
long-range sights, slide pattern, and studs for
sword bayonets. Thus it appears that last year
he manufactured of percussion arms of this char-
acter, 20,894.
In addition to that, I find in his report;
" T11e following arms and aecouierments, made by con-
tractors, have been inspected and received :
4,260 percussion ntlcs.
0,UUO pel cushion pistols.
t,00(i (Jolt's pistols.
200 Sharped carbines."
This was at New York; making in the whole,
10,266 of that species of arms made by contract-
ors. Besides, he repaired at the Benicia arsenal
10,000 percussion muskets.
Then the Secretary of War, during the last
year, has manufactured of new, and repaired of
olcl muskets, 41,160 of small percussion arms. Our
Army amounts to about fifteen thousand men, all
.told; so that lie has actually manufactured nearly
three percussion small-arms to every mail in the
Army. This amount—forty thousand—is only
the annual manufacture. Notwithstanding the
fact that the Army is thus abundantly supplied,
the emergencies of the country are so great that
he wants $3,000,000 to spend as fast as he pos-
sibly can, to manufacture more of the same kind.
lie hos been doing something else; Ictus see
what it is. At the Harper's Ferry armory he
has made 2,000ball cartridges; at Watervleit arse-
nal lie has constructed 30,000 musket cartridges;
at Alleghany arsenal he has manufactured 383,000
cartridges for small-arms, 450,000 rifle expanding
bullet cartridges, and 645,000 musket ball and
buck-shot flint lock cartridges were altered to per-
cussion look. AtSt. Louis he manufactured 40,000
percussion-musket buck shot cartridges; 127,000
percussion-musket buck and ball cartridges; 3,640
percussion-musket elongated ball cartridges;
19,400 percussion musketoon buck and ball car-
tridges; 397,000 percussion rifle elongated ball
cartridges; 164,170 percussion Colt's pistol ball
cartridges; 75,000 Sharpe's carbine ball cartridges;
and 223,000 flint cartridges for small-arms were
altered to percussion. At Frankford arsenal,
36,830 ball percussion cartridges were made and
packed, and 28,550 blank percussion cartridges
were made and packed. At Benicia, there were
92,000 cartridges for small-arms. Thus there
were a total of 2,726,420 new cartridges fitted to
this new arm.
This manufacture has been going on—I have
only given you a very small sample—in this un-
precedented manner. A million of dollars a
month has been expended by the Secretary during
the whole year, for the expenses of his Depart-
ment amount to $12,000,000. With this enor-
mous manufacture ef arms he n w comes and asks
for p,000,000 in addition to the very many mil-
lions he has already had. Now, sir, I put it to
the Senate and to the country—I put it emphat-
ically to those members of the Senate who mean
to arraign the present Administration in the com-
ing campaign for its profligacy, its extravagance,
and its gross expenditure of the public money,
and I ask tilem if they are willing to take the
responsibility of voting this additional sum to
the President under these circumstances?
The honorable Senator from Michigan said that
we did wrong to throw this responsibility upon
the President or upon the Democratic party. He
said there was an individual responsibility, and
I think the Senator from Mississippi said the
same thing. I thank them for it; and I put it to
members of the Senate individually, if they are
willing to take the individual responsibility of
increasing the enormous war expenses of the
Government, after having voted as liberally as
they have done heretofore, by this additional grant?
I hope not.
There is a responsibility in the first place
belonging to the President, and the President
felt it. When the bill making an appropriation
for carrying the mails in the Collins steamers
came to him, he felt that responsibility, and he
vetoed the bill. When the bill came up to pay
for the French spoliation claims, the President
felt that responsibility, and he vetoed it. When
another bill came up, making an appropriation
for removing obstructions in rivers and harbors
and improving navigation, the President felt the
responsibility, and he vetoed it. When another
small bill came up, making an appropriation of
land for the relief of the indigent insane of the
country, the President of the United States felt
the responsibility, and he vetoed it. Sir, if the
President casts his eye over the whole range of
legislation, if he vetoes your river and harbor
bills, if he vetoes appropriations of land for the
indigent insane  
The PRESIDENT. The hour has arrived
for the consideration of the special order, and it
will be taken up unless otherwise directed by the
Senate. The special order is the resolutions of-
fered by the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson]
in regard to the naval board. On that question
the Senator from Texas [Mr. Houston] has the
floor.
NAVAI. RETIRING BOARD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions, submitted by Mr. Iverson on the
29th of February.
Mr. HOUSTON then resumed and concluded
the speech which he commenced yesterday. It
will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to be heard upon this
question. I will proceed now, if that be the desire
of the Senate, or 1 will adopt any other ^course
which may be agreeable to the body.
Mr. STUART. It would hardly be proper to
ask the Senator to proceed with his remarks at
this time of the day, and yet I desire to have this
subject disposed of temporarily by a postpone-
ment to some time which will suit the conveni-
ence of the Senator.
Mr. BIGGS. I will adopt any course which
may be agreeable to the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I desire to take up other bills,
if I can, on Monday; and if the Senator will name
some day next week, I will move the postpone-
ment of this sub ject until that time.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will suggest to my friend
from North Carolina that I should prefer that he
would name an early day for the consideration
of this subject. These resolutions have been
pending for some time. They relate to a matter
of great consequence, upon which speedy action
is necessary. I believe the bill of the Committee
on Naval Affairs is in some way tacked on to
these resolutions. I do not care whether the bill
or the resolutions be first acted upon; for my great
desire is to have a speedy decision on the ques-
tion, and therefore I am urgent that the debats
be pursued as rapidly as may be convenient to
Senators.
Mr. BUTLER. I concur with the honorable
Senator from Georgia entirely. There are persons
involved in this debate who have a right to appeal
to our justice in some measure. I hope we shall
continue the discussion until we reach a decision
upon it. I move that the resolutions under con-
