1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 1,
your consent to this arrangement has made a strong im-
pression of personal gratitude upon my mind. * * *
1 have the honor to be, mo t tospectfully, vour obedient
servant, K.. W. THOMPSON.
The President of the United States says he
never made any such proposition, and never ex-
pressed to him any such opinion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When did he say it?
Mr, STUART. He said so,to the Senator from
Georgia; he said so to the Senator from Wiscon-
sin; and he said so to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs; and to the Senator from
Virginia, all of whom are authorized to state it.
The Senator from Georgia did state it substan-
tially a few minutes ago. They are authorized
to state that he never expressed any such opin-
ion to Mr. Thompson, and never made any such
proposition.
Mr. BROWN. Is that letter addressed to the
President?
Mr. STUART.
President.
Mr. BRIGHT.
Mr. STUART.
The letter is addressed to the
Did the President answer it ?
The President says he never
received the letter. Itis published in Mr. Thomp-
son's three hundred pages appended to this docu-
ment. Now, I say, that before gentlemen ask
the Senate of the United States to come to the
conclusion to pay this money on Mr. Thompson's
veracity, charging nefarious practices on Go«ni-
mentofficers,theyliad better reconcile this thing-,
which is a most important item. The Senate will
see it is a most important item; because the Con-
stitution makes it the duty of the President of tile
United States to execute the laws; and if ho gave
such an opinion as this, there was nothing to do
but tell the Secretary of the Treasury to pay the
money. The President says that all he ever did
ill the matter was to say to Mr. Thompson, at
his own request, that he would communicate the
papers to Congress, and leave it to Congress to act
a«t they should think proper. If it is shown that
Mr. Thompson, in his anxiety to procure §40,000,
has committed so grave an error in legard to the
President of the United States, is it not at least
reasonable to suppose that lie is as much in error
as to other things?
I have said, sir, that I luid hoped never to be
called on to allude to this subject again; I had
hoped it ne\er would make its appearance before
Congress again; and 1 also stated, that I could
not say how much 1 might be compelled to occupy
the time of the Senate before it was ended; but
the facts, as I have stated, are iu the book and
in the law. Here is the examination of the ease
by the Attorney General and tin- President, and
their determination that the law is ft) be executed
as Congress passed it, notwithstanding the omis-
sion to enroll the proviso in the enrolled bill.
Here is the action of the party himsell in pursu-
ance of that construction. Here is the rejection
of the claim reported by Mr. Clarke, who is as
well known to the honorable Senator from New-
York as he is to me—a man, stated by the claim-
ant himself to be highly honorable, and justly so
stated. He says, without hesitation, that these
Indians, upon a full hearing and investigation,
rejected the claim, and ho is the officer thai Con-
gress provided by law should be appointed.
Mr. SEWARD. What Mr. Clarke ?
Mr, S i'li ART. The honorable Samuel Clarke,
a member of the last Congress; and the Senator
knows him well. Will the Senate of the United
States, I ask,believe their own officers, appointed
by their own laws, or will they believe the objec-
tions that are raised by the claimant, and the testi-
mony of individuals which lie has taken, and which
has been refuted by the other side? I do not think
we should go into that testimony at all. I submit
to the Senate of the United States, that if the
I-resident believes there is anything in this sub-
mission which is unjust to Mr. Thompson, let it
be submitted again. The President lias power
to do it; and if lie is satisfied that ail was not fair
let it be submitted to the Indians a°-am If he has
not the power, as I think he ha°s, let Con°ress
provide by law for submitting it again, ifut it
would be a position f never heard of before, if, in
the face of all the Government officers report'ino-
to the Secretary of the Territory that this claim
was rejected by the Indians the Senate should
resolve that it was assented to.
Now one word in reference to the position of
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.though, us I
have said, I am not going into any justification
or controversy about him. When the proposi-
tion was brought before the Senate last year, it
will be recollected, by those who were present,
that the Senator from Mississippi objected to
placing the matter in the hands of the Interior
Department. He insisted that it should go to the •
Treasury Department. That was agreed to; and
it was a Claim to be paid by the Treasury De-
partment. Mr. Clarke was appointed by the
Treasury Department, and received his instruc-
tions from the Secretary of the Treasury, and
made his report to the Secretary of the Treasury.
Will any one say that the superintendent of In-
dian affairs should not have been there? It was
the time of the regular annual payment of these
Indians. That was the time selected by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to take this question, for
the reason that the Indians would all be there
then. Will anybody say it was not the duty of
the superintendent to see that the Indians were
not defrauded, and that they properly understood
the case? Certainly there can be no objection to
that.
It is objected here that too many of these In-
dians were called upon to assent. - Let us look at
that. In 1852, Congress changed the mode of
payment to Indians. Money had before been
paid to the chiefs, and the heads of families; but
it w<;s taken out of their hands time and again
by these traders, agents, and attorneys. As fast
as the Indians were paid money, a trader or attor-
ney would take it right out of their hands. Con-
gress, therefore, interposed, and decided that the
money could be paid per capita. These annu-
ities were to be paid to the Menomonee Indians
per capita. Every Indian was to receive his money.
Who, then, was to give the assent? Does the
law of Congress say that the assent of the Indians
was to be taken from their chiefs? Not at all;
but the consent of the Menomonee Indians was
to be obtained, and, therefore, the whole tribe was
prupeily there; and they unanimously rejected it.
I have examined this ease with considerable
care, and I do not think there is any testimony
taken by Mr. Thompson which is sufficient to
throw a suspicion over the transaction. But if
the Senator thinks otherwise on a careful investi-
gation, I ask again, what should be done? Pro-
vide for a new submission which shall be fair;
and not come to the conclusion that there should
be no submission at all. Thompson, in all his
discussions with the Department and the Attor-
ney General, did not claim that this paper of
3854 was a fuifiicient consent. lie never put it
forth as a sufficient consent. That is gotten up
now; for, i say, in his letters to the Attorney
General, to the Secretary of the Treasuiy, and
the President, he never pretended that this paper
of 1854 was a consent in compliance with the
terms of the jaw; but he conceded that if the
proviso of the House of Representatives was to
be in force, there must be a submission to the
Indians after its passage. He contended, how-
ever, that it was of no force, and when the Presi-
dent decided on the opinion of the Attorney
General that it was, he yielded and went to the
Indians. Never, until his friends come up now
in the Senate, did he contend, since this law was
passed, that the paper of 1854 was a sufficient
consent, and it cannot be found in his letters or
statements. He stands now where he stood when
addressing the Attorney General, contending that
the proviso is a nullity, because it is not in the
enrolled bills. That is his case; and I have
shown that this paper of 1854 cannot be of any
force against the law of 1852, which declares
every such thine; void.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, a singular
spectacle is presented to the consideration of
the Senate to-day. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have reported that, m their judgment, no
further legislation on this subject is necessary.
The friends of Mr. Thompson say no Author
legislation is necessary. The Senator from Mich-
igan says the same thing. Then what is the
dispute about!
Mr. STUART. I did not say so.
Mr. WELLER. I understand the Senator
from Michigan to contend that the law now stands
asmterpteted by the Executive Department, with
the proviso on it.
Mr. STUART. Precisely.
Mr, WELLER. Then what is this discussion
about? We are all conceding the proposition,
that it is not necessary to legislate afresh, yetwe
have been consuming all day on this question.
One would suppose, from the representations of
the Senator from Michigan, that the Executive
Department claims the exclusive right of cheating
the Indians; that they alone have the right to
make contracts with them favorable to the Gov-
ernment; but that if an individual makes a con-
tract by which he is enabled to get a portion of
their funds, it is unfair, and a fraud. That is the
whole of it. I think, myself, the President of the
United States was bound to execute this law as
he found it on the statute-book as it was regularly
enrolled; and under the provisions of that law,
he ought not to have hesitated to pay the ^40,000.
Why require the consent of the Indians? Mr.
Thompson had already a written consent of the In-
dians to take §80,000 out of that fund. He had a
right, then, of Course, to assume they would be
willing thathe should take $40,000; but the Exec-
utive Department of the Government stepped in,
and said he should receive nothing. What is the
effect of that? To declare that these Indians were
not competent to make a contract. Now, after the
services have been fully performed by Mr.
Thompson, and after he agrees to receive one half
what the Indians consented to pay him, through
the interference of the Executive Department, he
is prevented from getting anything. Is that just
or fair ? Wouid it be right amongst individuals ?
The Commissionerof Indian Affairs claims to be
the guardian of the Indians. He sets aside a con-
tact which has been fairlyand solemnly made
between this agent and that tiibe of Indians, and
finally declares' that he is entitled to no compen-
sation whatever. Now I ask the Senator from
Michigan whether he considers that just?
Mr.'STUART. I have said no such thing. I
have said that Congress declared by law all such
agreements null and void.
Mr. WELLER. That law was passed after
this contract was made.
Mr. PUG1T. At the time when this contract
was? made it was contrary to the regulations of
the Indian Department.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Ohio will
find out that there is a difference between the
regulations of the Indian department and the
laws of the United States. I have no doubt you
will find a great many regulations in the Depart-
ment that have never been sanctioned by any
enactment of Congress. We ordinarily in this
Government look to the legislative department for
the laws to control contracts, and we never thmk
of going into the regulations that may be pre-
scribed by the executive department. But here
is an attempt on the part of the executive branch
of the Government to set aside the enactment of
Congress, and prevent this agent receiving a just
and fair compensation for his services. I cannot
think it right.
Mr. BROWN. I regret exceedingly to be
compelled, in justice to this claimant, to make
any statement of his case at this late hour of the
evening, and to so thin a Senate. I feel a perfect
inward assurance that a bare statement of the
facts is sufficient to justify—nay, sir, to demand
of every Senator an affirmative vote in favor of
: this report. Who is Puchard W. Thompson,
I against whom the Senator from Michigan has not
! hesitated to insinuate, in terms so bold that no
i one could misunderstand his meaning, that he
I had procured, and corruptly procured, the sup-
pression of this proviso, in the enrollment of the
| bill5 Who, I ask, is Richard W. Thompson? A
i man who served with distinguished ability for a'
long period of years in the other House of Con-
! gress—who stands as fair before the American
! people, I dare say, as the honorable Senator
] himself—whose reputation, as a man, as a politi-
cian,and asa Christian, stands, unimpeached and
unimpeachable, before the Senate and before the
i woild. So much for the man.
! Now, sir, when and where did this business
| begin? The Senator from Michigan has stated
! what he declares to be contained in the documents.
1 I, too, have read them, and upon my veracity as
a man, and responsibility asa Senator, I will state
what the documents contain. I assert that m the
beginning the documents show the fact to be, that
; the Indians went to Mr. Thompson for the pur-
pose of procuring his counsel and assistance as
! an attorney. He did not seek employment at their
