THE
ONAL GIOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1'st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 5, 185C.
New Series No. 110.
hands. He declined to be employed without the
assent of the Government, telling them, in plain
terms, " I will not he engaged as your attorney,
unless the Government gives its assent." The
official documents show that his contract was exe-
cuted in the Indian department* and was attested
by the acting Commission^ of Indian Affairs
at that time. Then it was done, not only upon
honorable terms, but it was done by the assent
and approval of that officer of the Government
who claims par excellence to be the guardian and
especial friend of the Indians. After this contract
was entered into, the Indians proposed, through
their delegation then in Washington, to make
terms with Mr. Thompson as to the fee. What
was his reply as was shown by the documents?
" I will make no terms with you; go home to your
people; consult them, and determine among your-
selves what will be a fair compensation for the
service Which you have engaged me to render."
The Indians in council at home, when Thompson
was neither there by himself nor by his attorney,
made a voluntary oiler to pay him thirty-three
and one third percent, of whatever amount should
be recovered. It was not a fee fixed by Mr.
Thompson. When asked by the Indians to fix
the price of his own labor, he declined to do it,
and sent the Indians from Washington back again
to their own country to determine in an Indian
council how much he should be paid.
What is the next step in the proceeding? I
shall not go back to show how it was, but I state
the fact to be, that through Thompson's agency
chiefly the Committee on Indian Affairs agreed
to report ^G00,000 as due to the Menomonee In-
dians. After the committee determined to make
that report, when in all human probability it
would have been passed, (for there was no dis-
sent to it in the committee, and probably would
have been little or none, such is my conviction
of its perfect justice, in the other House of Con-
gress,) the Commissioner of Indian Affairs sent
out an agent to treat with the Indians, and bought
from themUfor §150,000 what the Committee on
Indian Affairs had agreed to allow them $600,000
for, and did it without disclosing to them the fact
that their attorney had already obtained the con-
sent of the Indian Committee to the payment of
$600,000. I say he bought from the Indians,
under a treaty, for $150,000, what Congress was
on the eve of voting them $000,000 for. When
the treaty was brought here, and the Senate was
asked to ratify it, such was the conviction of the
American Senate, through the representations of
Thompson, that injustice—gross, palpable, and
outrageous injustice—had been done these Indians,
that voluntarily the Senate added ^9^,000 to the
turn, and made it $242,000 instead of $150,000.
Then, sir, I assume—I have the right to assume,
that Thompson, as the attorney of these people,
procured from the Government §242,000, upon
which by the contract he was enuiied to a com-
mission of thirty-three and one third per cent—
thirty-three and une third percent, voluntarily of-
fered by the Indians, and not asked by Thomp-
son. Hut when Congress came to act upon it,
what did you do? You cut down the fee to six-
teen and two thirds per cent; you cut it down
one half; you told the Indians that they should
pay their attorney only one half what they had
agreed to pay. Instead of paying him one third,
you said the Indians should only pay him one
sixth. Thompson said, " Yery well, if you think
I should have only one sixth, I will take one
sixth."
This is a brief statement of the case up to the
.time when this law passed. The section in the
appropriation bill, appropriating $40,000 to Mr.
Thompson, wentto the Rouse, where this proviso
was put on. I have always understood, and do
now believe, (though I do not positively know
the fact to be so, 1 have the right to think it is so
from the continual interference of the Commis-
sionerm tins affair,) that it was done by his pro-
curement. I do not know the fact to be so; but
I think so; and I know he has been continually
taking part in this transaction.
119
Mr. PUGII. Will the Senator from Missis-
sippi feel it to be his duty to make the specifica-
tions as he proceeds ? r£hat specification I am
authorized to deny. I do it not with a design to
make an issue with the Senator, but to bring him
to make specifications for his statements.
Mr. BROWN. I will make the specifications.
This was a matter appertaining properly to the
Indian bureau, and ordinarily Congress would
have instructed the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs to make the settlement; but whom did they
instruct to make it ? They instructed the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to do it. Why ? The de-
bates will show that it was taken from the Indian
bureau, because the Commissioner had conceived
so violent a prejudice against this case that the
Senate did not believe he would do justice to this
party. Whatdoyou find the Commissioner then
doing? Unbidden,unsolicited,as these documents
show, he is found addressing communications to
the Departments m reference to this case. Was
that no interference? What business had he to,
meddle with it? Had not Congress taken it out
of his hands and committed it to another officer?
How came he to address the Secretary of the
Treasury? Why did he address the Attorney
General ? Why does the venerable Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Dodge] have in his hand to-day
a long and elaborately prepared paper from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, if he has not
inteifored in this case ? I say that this volume,
and the long papers contained in it, show that one
half of it has been made up by papers written by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs since Con-
gress took this case out of his hands, and told
the Secretary of the Treasury to settle it.
These are the specifications on which I charge
that the Commissioner has intermeddled with an
affair with which he had no concern. If Congress
believed he was a proper man to settle this ac-
count, they would have left it where it properly
belonged; but I assert it was taken out of his
hands—as the discussion here show s, in which it
was charged on the one side and denied on the
other—on the ground that in the opinion of the
Senate he was not a proper man to settle the ac-
count, because of the violent prejudice which he
had conceived against it. Yet he has pursued it,
thrusting his long papers into the documents at
every point. I hope my friend from Ohio now
sees upon what 1 base my statements.
Now, as to this proviso, the Senator from Mich-
igan has undertaken to assert, m very cmphatic
terms, that Thompson insisted before the Attor-
ney General that ho had a right to the execution
of this law independent of the proviso. 1 would
n little rather trust the Attorney General himself
in a matter with the execution of which he is
charged by law, than trust the Senator from
Michigan. I would lather take what the Attorney
General say in reference to Mr. Thompson's
position, than to take the declaration of the Sen-
ator from Michigan. What does the Attorney
General says in his opinion of May 21, 1855, m
reference to the proviso:
" Happily tin- question *aved in the present case ; for
on the irth infant, with honorable appieeiation of what i 
jiit-t, Mr. Thompson adduced to me a communication, in
which he lully assents to the adoption of this course by the
Government."
With an honorable appreciation of what is j
just, says the Attorney General, Mr. Thomp- ,
son addressed me, and in which he gives his
full consent to yuur construing the law with the
proviso in it. I wanted to correct the Senator,
but having his speech made up in his mind, and
being determined to deliver it right or wrong just
as he had mapped it out, he would submit to no
interruption, I wanted to tell him what I did ,
manage to edge in afterwards, that Thompson had .
discussed with the Attorney General tins point: '
[1 "It is my legal right;" but mark the distinction
p between his legal right and what he insisted upon
! as proper. 44 It is my legal right," he said, " to
have the law executed as it is enrolled. The roll
!} says thus and so, and I am entitled to the execu-
ii tion of the law according to the roll;" but he
said, as the Attorney General declares, with an
honorable appreciation of what is right, " exe-
cute the law with the proviso;" and if that had
heen done, and done in good faith, as the higher
executive officers of the Government, and those
who are charged with the execution of the laws,
desired it should be, there would be no contro-
versy, as I shall now proceed to show, if Senators
will listen to me.
I will demonstrate, beyond the shadow of a
doubt, that the officer of the Government charged
with the execution of this law gave proper in-
structions, and if those instructions had been fol-
lowed there would have been by no possibility
any difficulty m regard to it. I have already
stated that the Secretary of the Treasury was
charged with the execution of this law. What
were his instructions? Under date of26th June,
1855, Mr. Guthrie addressed Samuei Clarke, in
Kalamazoo, Michigan, the Treasury agent—not
the Indian superintendent; for there'is a differ-
ence between Samuel Clarke the agent and Dr.
Huebschmann the superintendent, as I will show
presently—this instruction:
" For this purpose joii will attend tlie general meeting of
the said Indians, to be held at Wolf river,about .for
the purpose of receiving their present annuities. You will
allow Mr. Thompson to be present in person «r fey attor-
ney, and the a^ent of the tribe [not the superintendent] to
attend on the pan of the United States; and yon will take
care that the proceeding-, are fairly conducted, that the
subject is> fully uude^tood by the Indians, and that no im-
proper means are used to bias or control their determina-
tion."
Now I am free to say, so far as I am concerned,
that if the instructions had been carried out in
good faith, and the Indians had failed to give their
consent to the payment of this claim, I would not
advocate it. But now, Mr. President, I want to
show you and show the Senate what was done
in theexecution of that order. Dr. Huebschmann
was there. He was not the agent, and was not to
be present, according to the orders of the Secre-
tary of the Territory, who was designated to exe-
cute the law.
Air. SEBASTIAN. I am sure my friend from
Mississippi does not intend to misstate the facts ;
and I rise merely to correct a misapprehension of
his. Mr. Clarke, who went there to take the
sense of the Indian tribes, was the agent of the
Treasury Department, appointed at the sugges-
tion, not of the law of Congress, but of the Attor-
ney General; and Mr. Huebschmann was pres-
ent as agent for the Indian tribes. There being
no agent or sub-agent for that tribe, it became his
duty, as general superintendent, to be there, as he
was the agent of the tribe in the absence of any
agent or superintendent.
Mr. TOOMBS.. The Senator from Michigan
did not like to be interrupted. He made a very
broad statement that it was illegal to make a con-
. tract with the Indians. I say there is no such
' law; and I wish my friend from Mississippi to
give that Senator ari opportunity of making good
his statement if he desires to do so. He did not
like to be interrupted himself. There were three
i or four other points of law and fact in which, I
think, his statements were without foundation;
but this ought to be set right now*
Mr. BROWN. The fact is, that there was no
such law when this contract was made; and what
the Senator from Michigan claimed to be a law
was passed afterwards. I will not be ungenerous
j to the Senator, If he has any desire te make an
explanation I will yield now.
1 had supposed that there was a distinction
between Indian superintendents and Indian
agents. I find that the order of the Secretary
of the Treasury was that the Indian agent
should be present, and make his explanation.
' Instead of that, the Indian superintendent,one of
\ the parties intended to be excepted, a'nd against
whom Thompson had made special and particular
i exception, was allowed to go before the Indians;
but, recollect, I do not complain of that. I do
not complain that Huebschmann >vas allowed to
£o before the Indians and make his representa-
tion in the presence of Thompson. The point
