1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
sideration be postponed until Monday next, and 11
be made the special order for that day at one
o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope that course will be
taken. I desire to address the Senate myself,
after the Senator from North Carolina shall have
concluded. The time is perfectly immaterial to
me. The honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] I believe, also inteftds to speak on the
subject. I desire to present my views upon the
question in reference to the law of the last ses-
sion, and the action of the board under it; and at
the same time I intend to reply to such parts of
the remaps of the Senator from Texas as I con-
ceive require reply at my hands. I think that he
has done great injustice to an officer who was a
member of the board, and I shall endeavor to
show clearly wherein that injustice consists. If
I cannot convince him, I hope I shall be able to
convince the Senate that his course has been in-
judicious with regard to the object which, in com-
mon with him, I wish to attain, as well as unjust
to the individual to whom I allude. It is my de-
sire to speak fully as to the law, and it is the in-
tention of the honorable Senator from Georgia to
five his views on the same general question; and
presume the discussion will occupy several
days yet. I propose to suggest a remedy which
I think we ought to adopt to correct the injus-
tice of the law. I hope the debate will be pro-
ceeded with. I think this is one of those ques-
tions involving justice to individuals, involving
by its postponement a delay in the action on
executive nominations—all which considerations
should prompt us to continue the discussion until
we come to some determination as to the course
to be pursued. I shall be ready to go on with
the debate at any day which suits the convenience
of the Senate after Monday.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I desire honorable
Senators to recollect that I gave way to the Sen-
ator from Texas. I was entitled to the floor some
weeks ago. I obtained it for the purpose of re-
plying to the honorable Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Clayton,] and my remarks were inter-
rupted by the adjournment of the Senate. I never
surrenderee! my right to the floor; but in courtesy
to the honorable Senator from Texas, I yester-
day conceded to him the privilege of making his
speech, and he yielded to the Senator from Ken-
tucky, for the purpose of making an explanation
in behalf of one of the officers of the Navy, and
then again to my colleague. I saw all this going
on but, I did not wish to obtrude myself upon the
Senate. I knew that the honorable Senatorfrom
Texas had been for the last week, from time to
time, endeavoring to fix a period when he could
be heard on this subject. He was waiting for the
attendance of the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware. Under the circumstances I did not feel
myself at liberty to withhold from him the cour-
tesy of allowing him to proceed. I do not know
that the Senate would have conceded the privi-
lege to any other Senator under different circum-
stances.
I have said this much, merely for the purpose
of signifying to the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, that I should be much obliged to him
if he would allow me to occupy a small portion
of the time on Monday next, if this measure shall
be postponed until that day, to enable me to finish
my remarks in response to the honorable Senator
from Delaware. I do not contest the right of the
Senator from North Carolina to the floor. lie
lias obtained it in the ordinary way on the con-
clusion of the speech of the honorable Senator
from Texas; and, according to the rules of the
Senate, I cannot say that he is not entitled to it;
but still, I beg him to remember that I yielded to
the Senator from Texas, and I shall be much
obliged to him if he will allow me to occupy a few
minutes on Monday.
The remarks of the Senator from Delaware, to
which I commenced a reply some weeks ago, have
gone forth extensively. At that time I answered
only one portion of a state of facts arrayed by
him, and no person has since answered the res-
idue of his statements, either generally, or in
detail. I feel it to be necessary to perform a duty
in defence of a friend, who feels that something
ought to be said by way of explanation or denial
of some statements which have been made seri-
ously affecting his character. I do not mean to
eay that this was intentional on the part of the
honorable Senatorfrom Delaware; but the Senate
must perceive that the nature of the discussion
is such that the character of individuals has be-
come involved, and it is proper that some expla-
nation of their course should go out to the coun-
try within a reasonable time
I make these suggestions, trusting that the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina will yield me
the floor on Monday next, for a few minutes. I
would say what I desire to present now, but for
the fact that the Senate is not full, and that I de-
sire what I shall say to be as effective as possi-
ble, and I had no expectation of submitting my
remarks at this time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on postponing the
resolutions before the Senate until Monday, and
making them the special order for that day at
one o'clock.
Mr. BROWN. If this subject is to be post-
poned until Monday, I hope it will be fixed for
half past one or two o'clock on that day. It is
very seldom that I appeal to the indulgence of the
Senate, but 1 must aslc to be allowed thirty min-
utes on Monday next—no longer, I can assure the
Senate—to express my views on the Kansas
question. I have no long harangue to make.
Thirty minutes is all the time that I desire. I
should be glad to be allowed to make what re-
marks I have to offer on that subject, before this
discussion shall be resumed on Monday. The
morning business will probably occupy the first
hour on that day, as petitions and reports of
committees generally accumulate from Friday to
Monday. If we postpone this question until one
o'clock on Monday, there will be no time inter-
vening between the ordinary morning business
and the resumption of this debate, when I can
have the opportunity which I desire. 1 hope,
therefore, we shall postpone these resolutions
until half past one o'clock on Monday. j
Mr. MALLORY. I agree with what has been
said in relation to the propriety of having a vote
of the Senate on this subject at an early day. I
think it is due to the officers who are memorial-
izing us that they should have a speedy response.
The subject has been before us since the session
commenced. It is due to the Executive also
that the nominations which he has made should
either be confirmed or rejected; and we should
arrive at some understanding on that subject. I
shall not be particular as to any day of postpone-
ment for this question, for that might interfere
with the views of other Senators; but before the
debate closes, I wish to be heard briefly myself.
I should like to have the privilege of being heard
in conclusion, as Ireported the bill from the Naval
Committee. I shall not occupy the Senate long.
I only wish to have an opportunity to express my
views fully. I leave it to the Senate to fix the
day on which the discussion shall be renewed.
Mr. STUART. There is not a quorum of the
Senate now present, and therefore I shall not ask
that any formal vote shall be taken on this sub-
ject to-day. I think, however, that I may say
with great propriety, that if anybody who has
had a few months' experience in the Senate, ex-
pects any speedy termination of this question, he
is destined to be very lengthily disappointed.
Sir, it is an inexhaustible subject, and 1 appre-
hend discussion upon it thus far has not enlight-
ened us much. Almost every Senator in the
body desires to speak upon it, and almost every
Senator wishes also to speak on some other sub-
ject, and we are all of us inclined, through cour-
tesy, to allow it. I think, therefore, speedy ac-
tion must not be confidently looked for.
When Monday morning arrives I shall—I only
say it now for the purpose of being perfectly
courteous to the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, who may expect something else—at
one o'clock on that day, ask for a vote of the
Senate on taking up the river and harbor bills.
They are a special order, preceding this question.
Thoy have precedence of it. There is but one
subject which has priority of those measures,
and that is the bill which was under considera-
tion in the morning hour to-day, which is in
charge of the honorable Senator from California,
the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator from Mich-
igan allow me to make a suggestion on this point?
° Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. IVERSON. I think the river and.harbor
bills may be taken up in the morning hour, at
half past twelve o 'clock, any day, ana disposed
of in a short time. There is very little morn-
ing business now to occupy the Senate, and I
think we can pass a dozen of the river and harbor
bills in half an hour every morning. The over-
whelming majority which has already been
exhibited in favor of those bills will certainly
preclude any lengthy debate upon them. The
Savannah river improvement bill may give rise
to a small debate; but so far as the other river
and harbor bills are concerned you have nothing
to do but rush them through the mill and grind
them out.
Mr. STUART. The honorable Senator is
mistaken in supposing that there will be no dis-
cussion on those bills. I suppose his colleague
will discuss them—to what extent I do not.know.
Mr. TOOMBS. You cannot pass them over
my head without-debate.
"Mr.. STUART. Those bills are in ray charge.
I have given way for over a month, with^the
understanding that when certain gentlemen should
be heard on particular questions, we should take
up those bills, and dispose of them. Three weeks
ago I had an understanding with my friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] that after the speeches
of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Geyer,] and
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Sewaiid,] on
his Kansas bill, he would join me in having the
river and harbor bills taken up and disposed of.
My object now is to give this notice, so that no
Senator shall have a right to complain on .Mon-
day, when I make a motion to take up those bills.
I shall make no complaint if the Senate decides
against me. I only do what I consider to be my
duty; and I cannot allow the honorable Senator
from North Carolina to go away to-day with the
expectation that I shall not feel compelled to make
ray motion on Monday.
Mr. BAYARD. I think the river and harbor
bills may be disposed of-in this way: if we were
to take them up at tw elve and a half o 'clock every
day we could get through with them in two or
three days. I do not suppose we shall have any
lengthy discussion on any question of principle
involved in them, but only as to the details of
some of the bills. I should suppose that we could
pass the whole of them in three'days, by devoting
half an hour to them every morning, from twelve
and a half to one o'clock, without interfering with
the discussion of the question which justice re-
quires that we should proceed with. I think,by
pursuing that course, we should soon dispose of
those measures.
Mr. STUART. I have no doubt they can be
passed speedily if the Senate are disposed to do so.
But it must be obvious to every Senator that, in
the way we are doing business—devoting an hour
or two to one subject, and half an hour to another,
and a quarter of an hour to another—we are really
accomplishing nothing. Every time when we
return to a subject which has been discussed, we
find that it is just as new, just as fresh, and open
to quite as much discussion,as when it was first
debated. I think, therefore, we had better take
up one subject and dispose of it.
Mr. BUTLER. I must insist on my motion.
I should be pleased to accommodate my friend
from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] but I know that
if I yield to him, other subjects .will come up. I
am aware that, under the judgment of a foregone
conclusion, the river and harbor bills may be
considered a small matter. Gentlemen may say
that they " only" appropriate four or five millions
of dollars; and 1 suppose some would think that
the best way would be to pass them without any
conversation at all.
Now, sir, I say gravely on this subject, that the
Navy has been disorganized; and I say further-
more, that I know men who cannot make their
arrangement in life, whose feelings are concerned,
and who have a right to appeal to the justice of
the Senate to dispose of this question at as early
a day as possible. I think we ought to go through,
with it now. Regard for the interests of the
Navy, and justice to the parties whose names
have been under discussion, require it. In fact,
there are cross indictments. Gentlemen rise here,
and absolutely indict individuals. _ As long as
that is the case, I assure you, sir, it is the duty
of the Senate at least to dispose of this subject.
I think it proper to dispos® of one subject s.t a
