280
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 20,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
w;™, Wn nronerlv and constitution- i| I cannot, however, permit this occasion to pass
havirrg been p ]3 yAnot]ler ciaimg his i1 without making a single reply to the gentlemen
here  0 ..
ally elected, and is received.
the''laws ^the'Territoij, but by an election
acknowledged to be outside of, and in violation
of every established principle of law, and of the
le^al authority of the Territory from whence he
comes. When, I ask, has such a.case been pre-
sented before? Tell not southern gentlemen,
then, that when they reject the application of an
individual presenting himself upon such a slender
foundation, that they are governed by their inter-
est in the subject of slavery. Tell me not, I
say> that we are governed by principles Bach as
these. . .
But,let me ask, by what principle are you gov-
erned when you refuse to admit a c,°,m.in" i
with a certificate such as General Whitfield has
brOHght here ? What principle have you inter-
posed against Whitfield taking his seat as a Del-
egate from the Territory of Kansas? Hostility
to slavery ? I say you are governed by vour op-
position to the extension of slavery. It has been
asserted upon this floor, that that Territory was
sacred to the sons and daughters of freemen of
this country. Do you assert that the sons and
daughters of southern men are not entitled to
enjoy the common property of this Government?
Have they no rights to be respected in the admin-
istration cf the laws of the country ? Has it
come to this, that the denial of the rights of the
South has been baaed on their peculiar interest in
slave property ?
But I have one word to say to this party before
1 conclude. Revolution has commenced in Kan-
sas, blood has been shed, violence has been com-
mitted, and brother has risen against brother, in
that Territory; and I say to you to-day, that
the very course which this anti-slavery party
have taken on the floor of Congress has been
calculated to provoke that state of things. If you
object to the local authorities of that Territory
on account of your hostility to slavery, you fan
the flame of civil discord which is already raging
who have volunteered in this discussion; and I am
constrained to say, that the arguments upon this
subject are lame—yea, sir, lame in both legs, and
hobble badly on cratches.
Congress can exercise none but trust-powers,
and if the power has not been expressly delegated
to legislate upon tliis subject, it is reserved to the
States <fr the people respectively. Legislation is
not? in its most unlimited interpretation, to be
construed into the destruction of property, but to
protect the title and regulate its use. Massachu-
setts may take her commodity, Alabama hers,
and Mississippi may take her slaves into the .com-
mon territory, and it is the duty of Congress to
protect each. It would be worse than robbery,
under the Constitution, to protect a portion of the
citizens of the States in the enjoyment of their
property, and refuse to protect the others. Yea,
more, absolutely deprive them of the property
itself.
The States, in their legislative capacity, have
no power to abolish slavery. No, sir; if every
man, woman, and child in the slaveholding States
were to petition the Legislatures to abolish slavery
in their respective limits, they would be powerless
to act upon the subject. It is true, the Legislature
may liberate slaves with the consent of the owners.
The people alone can act upon that subject in their i
sovereign capacity in forming their organic law;
I and, sir, I maintain that Congressdoes not possess
! superior powers under the Constitution to the
' States to legislate upon the subject of slavery in
the Territories, under that clause of the Constitu-
Jion delegating to Congress power to pass all
needful rules and regulations. It "never was in-
tended, and, in my opinion, does not confer upon j
Congress, in making all such needful rules and |
regulations, the power to annihilate and utterly
destroy the right and title to property.
What, sir, is intended by needful rules and reg-
ulations ? There can be no needful rules and reg-
ulations where it is intended to strike down the
it
is^most indubitably true.that'in proportion to" the
protection of the rights of the citizens, does the
action of the Congress become authoritative and
binding. That clause in. the.Constitution is not
a mere abstraction, but a power vested in Con-
gress more amply and fully to protect the citizens
—inhabitants of Territories common to the citi-
zens of every State in this Confederacy—in the'
full and complete enjoyment of their rights of
both property and life. If, then, Congress does
not possess the power, as it most unquestionably j
in the Territory of Kansas; you bid that revolu- j rights of the citizens; but, upon the contrary
tion go on, instead of stretching out your arm and ia mnstiniTnhitnhlv true, that in DroDortion to 1
staying the desolation of civil war and the shed-
ding of blood; you tell them by your speeches
on this floor, that your hostility to the organized
authorities in Kansas is because of your opposi-
tion to the constitutional rights of the South.
You thus bid them go on in their lawless and
revolutionary course in Kansas. But I tell you,
call back your emigrants who have been sent
there for the purpose of affecting the political
completion of the country, bid them return to
their homes, and trouble there will cease.
Let me entreat you—instead of encouraging law-
less revolution and the utter disregard of law and
of justice—to let your voices be heard for peace
and good will to all mankind^ Be govern® by
that principle. Mete out toThe North, to the
South, to the East, and to the West their consti-
tutional rights. Let emigration to Kansas go ac-
cording to the regular and natural cpurse; let its
political institutions be formed without any out-
side and extraordinary pressure from your aid
societies; and there is no people in the world who
will yield and acquiesce with more readiness in
the will of that people than the people of the
South. But whenever you attempt, in violation
of those principles, to send men there with hos-
tility to our institutions—flushed with revolution
and armed with rifles prepared at the behests of
anti-slavery aid societies—I tell you thatthe South
will not be lectured, in violation of law, of j ustice,
and the principles of humanity, looking Only to
the question of slavery non-extension, with your
multocular view of this subject, that you may be
teaching us lessons that will fully satisfy us under
what circumstances the South may appeal to the
North for justice and equality of rights.
Why is it, sir, so much has been, said, and
unnecessarily said, too, upon this slavery ques-
tion ?—and that, too, in the discussion of a ques-
tion before the House when this and all other
party questions should have been permitted to
repose ? I do not now, sir, propose to discuss
thaft question; it is not the proper time or occasion
for that purpose. I will, sir, at some suitable
time, give my views upon that subject.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. S. A. DOUGLAS,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the Senate, March 20, 1856.
The Senate, as in Committee of tlie Whole, havingtaken
up for consideration the. bill to authorize the people of the
Territory of Kansas to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, preparatory to their admission into the Union,
when they have the requisite population-
Mr. DOUGLAS said:
Mr. President: I will ask the indulgence of the
Senate for such length of time as the subject may
require, provided my strength do not fail me,
while I submit some views in vindication of the
majority report, and in answer to that of the
minority, of the Committee on Territories upon
the Kansas question.
In the first place, however, as we have taken
up for consideration the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on Territories, to authorize the people of
that Territory to form a constitution and State
fovernment, preparatory to admission into the
Inion, it is due to the subject that I should give
a brief exposition of the provisions and principles
of the bill. *
The first section provides that, whenever the
Territory of Kansas shall contain ninety-three
thousand four hundred and twenty inhabitants,
to be ascertained by a census taken in conform-
ity with law, (that being the present ratio for a
member of Congress,) a convention may be called
by the Legislature of the Territory to form a con-
stitution and State government preparatory to its
admission into the Union as a State *
The second section provides that the conven-
tion shall be composed of twice the number of
delegates which each district in the proposed
States has representatives in the Territorial Legis-
lature. At the election of those delegates it i3
proposed that all white male inhabitants who
shall have attained the age of twenty-one years,
and who shall have resided six months in the
Territory and three months in the district, may
vote, provided they possess' the qualifications
required by the organic act of the Territory.
By examination of the precedents, I find that it
has been usual to prescribe the qualifications of
the voters in the acts of Congress authorizing
the people of the Territories to hold conventions
and form constitutions preparatory to their ad-
mission into the Union.
The several acts of Congress preparatory to
the admission of the following States prescribed
aresidence, varying from three to twelve months,
as a condition of voting, as follows: Illinois, six
months; Indiana, twelve months; Ohio, twelve
months, Mississippi, twelve months; Missouri,
three months; Louisiana, twelve months; Ala-
bama, three months. Most of the other -new
Statesformed their constitutions under the author-
ity of the Territorial Legislature without the pre-
liminary action of Congress. In preparing this
bill I have-adopted the medium,according to the
precedents^running through our whole territorial
history—six months' residence in the Territory
and three months in the district in which the
vote may be given.
The third and only remaining section of the
bill provides for the usual grants of land to be
made to the State of Kansas, on the same terms
upon which they have been made to most of the
other new States.
If there is anything objectionable in the details
of the bill, they will be open to amendment; and
I shall be as ready to accept.any amendment of
which my judgment approves as any Senator.
Now, sir, a few words in regard to the speech
of my colleague [Mr. Trumbull] delivered the
other day in this body. It is well known to til
Senate that the Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk]
called the attention of my colleague to the fact
that I was absent at the time, and for that reason
suggested the propriety of a postponement of the
discussion until I could be present. I was absent
for the reason that the statp of my health did not
render it prudent for me to be present, and for the
further reason, that it had been distinctly under-
does not, how can it be claimed that it can confer
such power on the Territorial Legislature? In
no other way can the power be exercised, except
by the people in convention in the formation of
their constitution. But, sir, it is not my purpose
now to demonstrate- this subject. I have been
forced to say this much out of place, in answer to
the gentleman on the other side.
What patriot can look to the mighty achieve-
ments of this Republic, its unparalleled increase
in population and wealth,the rapid advancement
in the arts and the sciences, its public schools
and seminaries of learning, its colleges and its
churches, in a land where every one can sit under.
his own vine-and fig-tree, and worship the God
who made him, and there is none that dare make
us afraid—our vast territories, mighty rivers, and
inland seas—mines and herds too numerous to be
told—such mighty clifts, such beautiful and fertile
valleys, such rich prairies, with luxuriant grass
that waves its head to the winds of heaven, like
some inland sea of verdure and beauty,—what
patriot, I repeat, can withhold his highest hopes
and admiration for its continuance and its pros-
perity? m
But are all our hopes, buoyant and fervent, to
be withered and blasted, and all, all, all, sacrificed
upon the altar of sectional fanaticism ? The South
claims nothing but equal rights, protection, and
justice under the Constitution. This denied, the j
wrong is yours. Will you dare tear down with I
a ruthless hand the proud temples of its majestic I
fabric, and place upon its mighty ruins anarchy   .
and confusion ? The blame snail be yours—not i stood and unanimously agreed, after a brief
ours. ii discussion, thatall further discussion of the subject
