1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
Which I make in reference to this particular trans-
action is, that Mr. Clarke, the agent of the Treas-
ury Department, after they had both spoken to
the Indians, ordered that no one should approach
them afterwards; that they should be left perfectly
free to make up their own judgment without any
other bias than what they had Teceived from
Thompson and Huebschmann in his presence.
Both parties having been heard, though the su-
perintendent had spoken, who ought not to have
spoken, though Huebschmann had spoken> who,
by the terms of Thompson's agreement, wa3 ex-
cluded, still, if the transaction had closed with
the speaking between Thompson and Huebsch-
mann before the Indians, there would have been
no ground of complaint; but what happened, ac-
cording to the testimony, after that? I hold in
my hand affidavit after affidavit of men who
stand unimpeached in these documents, who
bring the gravest charges against Huebschmann.
I will read some of them, so that the Senate may
see what is the character of these papers. Here
is*the testimony of William N. Davis, taken in
the presence of William Powell, found on page
143 of the document:
s " This affiant states, after being drily swoin, that on Sep-
tember, 1355, at the Menomonee pay-ground, at Hie falls
of Wolf river, and about noon of that day, he saw Dr.
ilu^schmann, the superintendent, in conversation with
OslJcosk and some of the chief-, of «aid nation, and heard
him Hll them, thiough the Government interpreter, that it
\vo3 impossible for the Indians to decide what a lawyer
ought to have for his services in attending to busmen, and
that it would be better tor them to leave Mr. Thompson's
eiaim to the President andComtnisyionerof Indian Afi.un,
as tney were both law} erf. to dceulc what a fair compens-
ation loi his services should b:1 "
Ah, more specious pleading! "Do you not
decide; do you not give any opinion on it; you
cannot determine it; let it go back to the Com-
missioner." Who was instilling poison into the
ear of the savage ? The man sent there by their
great father, the President, to superintend their
affairs in his name. When that man spoke, the
Indians had a right to believe he spoke forth the
words of truth and soberness, and that there was
no deception. lie does not t<>ll Oshkosh and the
other chiefs, " The President asks you to give an
opinion;" but he says, " You cannot "five any
opinion; refer the matter back, and let the Presi-
dent and the Commissioner decide it." Was
this honest—was it dealing fairly with these pro-
pie? I will show you something worse than
that. The affidavit continues, detailing what
Huebschmann said:
'•That be was a doetot, and that he had eoitani fees
allowed bun foi aWndins to busmen, ami that tf thev paid
Mr. Thompson the money he claimed he would laugh at
them as tools.
Was there no mtoferenrc here? Was there
no violation of the orders of the .Secretary of the
Treasury, who had been charged with the set-
tlement of this account? How dared this man
Huebschmann thus appioach the Indians in se-
cret, and tell them that if they paid Thompson
he would laugh at them as fools? What else?
George P. Wright deposes, on page 144:
St vtj? op Wisconsin, >
Shawano County. 5 " *
This affiant, being swum, says that sometime dnrin? the
pa-t summer—he Thinks in June last—he had a convei^a-
tion with Or. F. Iltiebsehmann, supeuntendent of Indian
ail'au-, at Milwaukee, m relation to the claim of R. W,
Toomp^on against the Menomonee Indiana, which convei-
satioti vva- intioduced by lmn-elt: that, in that conversation,
the haul Huebschmann stated that the said claim never
should, or never would, be paid >o b>ri£ tw he was -aiperin-
t< n<lout.T In the convet-ation he exploded himself nttougiy
and undisgui-e.dly opposed to it.
G W)RCC F. WRIGHT.
Subscribed and sworn to bfjfoie me. Witness my hand
, . and seal of office, tins I lth davof Heptembei.
LJ' 'J WILLIAM POW11LL, Nolary Pubii>\
Was that impartial' Now, here is the affidavit
of an Indian, John Wampoosc, at page 145:
•'This affiant alio vtatei that the -aid Indi ans wonM, a«
he believe*, never have thought of reiechn" *.a,d claim, lint
for the threats and interference of said .-upeimtendont, liv
wlnch he has induced llie y oun^ men to fii nten the cliiel. .;'
Here is an Indian testifying under oath, that
lie believes the Indians would never have thought
of rejecting this claim if it had not been for the
threats of Huebschmann, who was charged espe-
cially and particularly to use no undue influ-
ences m reference to the matter. Then I come to
the testimony of Johnston and Jones. What do
they say? "Since this payment commenced,
they have learned from the chiefs that the super-
intendent, Dr. F. Huebschmann, has threatened
them with a Joss of their annuities if they paid
Mr. Thompson."
Mr. BRIGHT. Permit me to interrupt the
Senator from Mississippi. As this matter is one
that not only involves money, but character to
some extent, we do not intend to close the case
without having it fully understood, if the Senate
will be patient enough to hear it. I move that
the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. My fiiend will suspend his
motion for a moment. I shall not oppose the
motion, and do not care whether you adjourn or
not; but as I am not addressing myself to the
Senate on this subject simply for the purpose of
making a speech, 1 have no disposition to address
empty benches. I want to sift this thing to the
bottom, to show what the facts are, and how the
case stands; feeling an inward conviction that
there are not half a dozen Senators on this floor
who can ever be induced to vote against this claim
after they are made once to understand the facts
in reference to it; but as I cannot prove anything
to Senators who are half a mile away front me,
and some of them perhaps a mile, I am willing
to agree to the adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
S \TITRDAY, August 2, 185C.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Wti.no.
CALL OF THE ROLL.
The SPEAKER asked the consent of the
House to have the Journal of yesterday read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there a quo-
rum present?
The SPEAKER. There is not a quorum in
the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move a call of the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was tailed, and the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names; j
Messis llaiks'lale, Iiin'4ham, Bishop, Bocoek, Boyce, j
Brooks, Iliooni, iittihn atne, Caiuthei^ Cithkie, Chalice, |
(,'lnkiH, Jiayaid Claike, Clnmtnan. Cox, Cramc, Timothy ,
| Davis l)o Wilt, Dickson, Dowdell, Dunn, Edie, Edmund- i
' son, Ulliott, I'ltheudge, Uvans, Florence, Foster, Heiuy M. j
Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison
Hams, Sampson W. Hams, IlariibOn, Heibert, Hotlman, ;
Jlowaid, .lewett, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kuukel. Lmdley, !
Mace, Alexander lv. Marshall, Humphrey Mai--hall, Samuel
S, MaMtall. McUuecn, \Te;U'haiu, Mill-on. MilhVMd. Mor-
gan, Mutrav, MoidccaiOliver, Packer, Paine,Pelton, I'en-
uuiiitoii, Poller, Itieaud, Rolieits, Sane, Savacre, Scott,
Sherman, Stanton, Stephens, Slewait, Tallinn, Trippe,
Wakcinan, Walking, Wheeler, Window, Woodwoith, and
llamel 11. Wright. J
One hundred and fifty-two members having
answered to their names, further proceedings
under the call were, by unanimous consent, dis- j
pensed with, and the Journal of yesterday was \
read and approved. j
REPORTS OF PRIVATE BILLS. |
The SPEAKER. The first business in order '
is the reception of reports of private bills from !
the standing committees of the House. j
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to make a brief per- J
sonal explanation.
M". G1DDING-S. I object. I insist on a strict ;
adherence to the regular order of business. j
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee of Claims, j
reported a bill for the relief of James Hardy and
Alton Long; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole |
House, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CULLEN. 1 ask the unanimous consent [
of the House for leave to make a personal 1
explanation.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I hope there will be -
no objection to the gentleman's request. I under-
stand that the explanation concerns myself; and •
I trust the gentleman will have unanimous consent 1
to make it. I
Mr. GIDDINGS. I object. I desire the
committees railed that they may make all the
reports they have on private cases. |
Mr. GILBERT, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back a bill (S. No. 308) for the relief of
John S. Scranton and James M. Hunt, owners of !
the steamer Major Tompkins; which was referred ;
to the Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report', ordered to be printed.
Mr. TYSON. I ask leave to report from the
Committee on Commerce a bill to regulate the
compensation of certain officers of the revenue,
that it may be referred.
The SPEAKER. It is not a private bill, and
cannot be received.
Mr. TYSON. It relates to certain officers, and
I conceive that it is a private bill.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, it
will be received.
Mr. GIDDINGS. _ I object. I am instructed by
the Committee ofOlgims to make an adverse report
on a bill (S. No. 294; for the relief of the widow and
children of W. S. Derrick, deceased. I move
that it be laid on the table, and that the accom-
panying report be ordered to be printed.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the bill and
report be referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We had better
lay the bill on the table, and get rid of it at once.
The question being on Mr. Giddings's motion,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washbcrne
and Broom were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported— ayes one hundred and one, noes not
counted.
So the bill and report were laid on the table.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back a bill (S. No. 144)
to enable the United States to make use of the
solar compass in the public surveys; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on tho
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for the
relief of Jacob Hall, contractor on mail route No.
8912, from Independence, Missouri, to Sante Fe,
New Mexico; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I reported from tho
Committee on Public Lands, some two weeks
ago, a Senate bill (S. No. 92) granting to a black
woman, living in Connecticut, a land warrant.
Since I reported that bill I understafi# that under
an act, passed by this House some time since,
she has obtained a land warrant. I move that
the Committee of the Whole House be dis-
charged from the further consideration of that
bill, and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I have several adverse reports
which I desire to make.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Are they of a
general character ?
Mr. COBB. They are.
The SPEAKER. Reports on general bills are
not in order.
Mr. COBB. I desire to make a favorable
report upon a bill to prevent frauds in the land
offices of the country.
The SPEAKER. Private bills only are in
order.
Mr. TRAFTON. I desire to report back from
the Committee for tho District of Columbia, the
memorial of John W. Nye, and ask that tho
committee may be discharged from the further
consideration thereof, and that it be referred to a
select committee of live, and I make that motion.
Mr. COBB. I object to any select committees
at this time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is too late to
make a motion to appoint a select committee.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the
House to dispose of the motion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. JONES. Is it in order to move to appoint
a select committee now?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to dispose of
the motion.
Mr. LETCHER. That claim has been here
ever since I have been in Co'ngress.
Mr. JONES. I move to lay the memorial on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BARCLAY, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, made adverse reports
