1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1017
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the vote by which the bill was passed be recon-
sidered; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The question being on the latter motion—
Mr. MORGAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; there
being, on a division—ayes 18, noes 87.
Mr. MORGAN. Is there a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary that a
quorum should vote on ordering the yeas and
nays. The Constitution gives to one fifth of the
members present the right to order the yeas and
nays.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
FURTHER REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. EUSTIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back a bill appropriating a sum
of money for the completion of the improvements
•in the raft region of Red river; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the. Union, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. EUSTIS, the-Committee on
Commerce was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the resolutions of the Legislature of
Mississippi, in reference to the cotton interest;
and they were referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
Mr. TYSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce, for reference,
a bill to continue the Delaware breakwater, Del-
aware.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. TYSON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back bills of the following titles;
which were severally referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and or-
dered to be printed:
A hill to repair and complete the harbor at
Reedy Island, Delaware river, Delaware;
A bill to enlarge and complete the harbor at
Chester, Delaware river, Delaware; and
A bill to enlarge and complete the harbor at
New Castle, Delaware river, Delaware.
Mr. PELTON, from the same committee,
reported back, without amendment, bills of the
following titles; which were severally referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the improvement of Sodus harbor,
Wayne county, New York;
A bill for the improvement of Sodus harbor,
Cayuga county, New York;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Oak Orchard, on Lake Ontario; and
A bill for making appropriation for continuing
the improvement of the harbor of Port Ontario,
New York.
Mr. P., from the same committee, reported
back, with amendments, bills of the following
titles; which were referred to the Committee of
the Whole 011 the state of the Union, and sever-
ally ordeied to be printed:
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Genes.se river, New York;
A bill making an appropriation for the working
of a steam dredge on Lake Ontario; and
A bill to continue the improvement of the chan-
nel of the Hudson river above and below Albany
and below Troy, State of New York.
REMISSION OF DUTIES.
Mr. PELTON. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to report back Senate bill
to remit or refund the duties on goods, wares,
and merchandise, destroyed by fire, with a recom-
mendation that it be at once put upon its passage.
I demand the previous question on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. Has the bill been printed?
A Member. It has not.
Mr. PHELPS. Is there a report accompany-
ing it?
Mr. PELTON. There is a report; and if it be
desired, I will ask that it be read from the Clerk's
desk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the bill be
read.
The Clerk read the bill in extenso.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
I learn that the gentleman from New York seeks
to have the House put this bill upon its passage.
Now, as I understand that bill, it provides that
these commissioners shall issue certificates,which
shall be paid by the Secretary of the Treasury
on presentation at the Treasury Department. I
therefore make the point, that it makes an appro-
priation, and must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and be there
first considered. It provides that the commission-
ers to be appointed, consisting, I believe, of the
collector of the customs, the naval officer, and
some other persons, shall proceed to investigate
these claims to have duties refunded in conse-
quence of goods lost by fire, and issue certifi-
cates for the several amounts which shall be
refunded; and the amount specified in those cer-
tificates shall be paid by the Secretary of the
Treasury. It provides, also, that if the goods as
alleged were destroyed by fire m the original pack-
ages in which they were imported, the amount
of duties so paid must be asceitained. The com-
missioners are then to issue a certificate to that
effect, and by this bill the amount of that certifi-
cate is directed to be paid by the Secretary of the
Treasury. Therefore, the bill does appropriate
the money necessary to meet the requirements of
the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the Clerk
read that portion of the bill requiring the amount
of the certificates to be paid at the Treasury.
The SPEAKER. Before the section be read,
the Chair will state that the gentleman from New
York, who introduced the bill, callcd the previous
question; the gentleman from Missouri raises a
question of order.
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, sir; and I desire that
question of order to be first decided.
The SPEAKER. It will be first decided.
The fourth section of the bill was read^by the
Clerk. It provides that it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Treasury, with as little de-
lay as practicable, to examine the testimony taken
before the said commissioners from time to time,
as the same is referred to him; to compare the
same with the statements and adjudication of
such commissioners, and signify to them his
approval or disapproval, in whole or in part, of
such claim as he shall deem just; and that as
soon as said determination of the Secretary of the
Treasury is made known to said commissioners,
they shall, if favorable to the claimant in whole
or in part, issue to the claimant whose claim is
so approved, a certificate, signed by them, stating
the amount of duties, to the refunding of which
the claimant is entitled; and that such certificate
shdilenutle the person named therein, or the legal
holder thereof, to be paid the sum named therein
on presentation of said certificate at the Treasury
of the United States within one year from its date.
The SPEAKER. The first question is the
question of Older raised by the gentleman from
Missouri. It does not appear to the Chair,from
the section read, nor from the bill itself, so far as
the Chair can understand from its reading, that
it makes an appropriation of money; and there-
fore it does not of necessity go to the Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 appeal from that
decision. The clause that has been just read
authorizes the payment of the certificates to be
issued under this bill. The Constitution of the
United States provides that no money shall be
drawn from the Treasury unless it be appropri-
ated by law. Now, it is not neccssary to use
the words, that a certain amount " be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated," as is the usual
form, to make it an appropriation. But if the
Secretary of the Treasury be directed to pay cer-
tain money out of the Treasury—whether you
use the word 44 appropriated" or not—it is an
authority to him, and the bill makes an appro-
priation. The gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Orr] reminds me, as a precedent, of the
Florida claims. This is, in my opinion, as clearly
an appropriation of the money to be paid any
time within one year from the presentation of the
certificate, as if we were to use in the bill the
words " be, and the same is hereby, appropri-
ated."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
the gentleman from New York will move that
this bill be postponed to & day certain, until it be
printed and the House have' an opportunity to
understand it.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman cannot de-thdC.
until the question of order is settled.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish1 to make a single
suggestion 
l\4r. JONES. I wish to have read the rule
requiring all bills making appropriations to be
considered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was about to suggest
this to the Chair. The Chair will, I take it, see,
from the reading of the act, that the Secretary of
the Treasury is to pay this money without any
other law. Now, what is an appropriation of
money to be paid out of the Treasury? It seems
to me that that question may be determined in
this way: We pass this act. Is any other law
necessary to get this money out of the Treasury ?
Now, if no other law be necessary—if the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is bound to pay these
certificates on the simple passage of this bill-
then, I take it, this must make an appropriation;
for the Constitution says no money is to be paid
unless in accordance with appropriations by Con-
gress. Well, we pass this act; and it binds the
Secretary to pay these certificates, and he will
pay them. It therefore seems to me very clear
that it is an appropriation.
The Clerk read the 133d rule, which directs that
all proceedings touching appropriations of money,
shall be first discussed in a Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. PHELPS. Let me say one word further
in relation to the point of order which I hava
raised. I read the following clause from the Con-
stitution:
" No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in coh-
srquence of appropriations made by law.'5
Now, this money may be drawn from the
Treasury in pursuance of this law; and it there-
fore does appropriate a sum of money sufficient
to answer the requirements of the certificates
authorized by this bill to be issued.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am satisfied
in my own mind that the Chair is correct in his
decision in the case. It seems to me, from read-
ing the bill, that it makes no appropriation, and
that the officers of the Treasury would not -be
justified m paying over this scrip until an-appro-
priation shall have been made for that purpose.
The bill only declares a liability. That is all
Mr. ORR. I should like, Mr. Speaker, to call
the attention of the gentleman fiom Maine to the
act which passed in 1823, and was subsequently
extended in 1834, for carrying out the provisions
of the treaty with Spain, under which arose these
Florida claims, discussed in a preceding Con-
gress. There no more specific appropriation was
made than is contained in this bill; and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury proceeded on that original
bill to pay about a million and a half of dollars,
and continues to pay when claims are presented
under that act. The original authority given by
the acts of 1823 and 1834, without any specific
sum being appropriated at all, authorized the
Secretary to pay these claims; and he accordingly
did and does pay them. It is the same in this
bill. The provision is in these words:
" Which paid certificate shall entitle the person or persons
named therein, or the legal boidei tliereot, to be paid the
bum ateo named therein, on presentation ofthe said certifi-
cate at tlic Treasury of the United States within one year
from its date."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
question of order, inasmuch as debate is not in
order. On the proposition as stated by the gen-
tleman from Worth Carolina, t,he Chair would
have no hesitation in deciding that this bill, under
the rule read from the Cletk's desk, must go to
the Committee of the Whole; but it appears to
the Chair that the officers of the Treasury would
hare no authority to pay the sums of money that
might be found due, on the passage of this bill;
and that the clause of the Constitution read by
the gentleman from Missouri is a clause which
will govern the officers of the Treasury in acting
on tins bill; and that, until an appropriation be
made out of which the money shall be paid, the
accounting officers of the Treasury would have
no authority to pay it. It seems to the Chair to
be no more than this: that certain officers of the
Treasury are, by this bill, authorized to ascertain
whether, on certain principles, any amount of
money id due from the Government to certain
