1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2dtf
the President in regard to the matters. discussed
in the conclusion of the message, would sustain
the nation in the attitude which the president of
the United States had given it in regard to its for-
eign relations. To the end that, so. far as one so
humble as myself was.concerned, there might be
no difficulty about that question, I distinctly
stated that I should forego any remark upon all
the other matters contained in the message, and
I gave my distinct assurance to the Adminis-
tration and to the country, that to tlxe best of
my judgment, and knowledge, and ability, I
should sustain the Government in the position it
had assumed in regard to its foreign relations.
We have just now postponed that great question
until Monday. It needs all the harmony, as it
needs all the wisdom, and I fear will need all the
firmness, of the Senate to meet that question. I
am ready—I trust others will be—to show the
country, Great Britain, and the world, that, if
we have differences among ourselves about do-
mestic questions, ye are still a united, a harmo-
nious people in regard to those which concern
other nations.
I will now forbear, under these considerations,
on the same ground, if such shall be the pleasure
of the Senate, to speak one word, I do not say
of complaint—I will not use so strong a term—
one word of dissent, shall I say, from what has
been alleged in the message we have just re,
ceived concerning a domestic subject, differing,
as every one knows how much it does, from the
opinions and views of policy which I entertain,
and which are entertained by a portion, I will
not say how large, of this House, and of the
other House of Congress.
I trust that it will be the pleasure of the friends
of the Administration to let that message either
lie upon the table, or pass at once, as shall be
their choice, to the Committee on Territories, to
receive their consideration; saying for myself,
however, that when the time shall conn.1 lor ac-
tion upon this question in the opinion of a 'ma-
jority of my peers here, (and it is for them to
say whether it shall interfere with foreign ques-
tions or not,) then I will endeavor to make good
an opposition to the policy, to the principles, and
to the sentiments which are contained m the
message which has been this day laid before the
Senate, at a time and under circumstances so in-
auspicious to its consideration.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there are two
recommendations in the message, as I understand
it; one, that an appropriation should be made to
meet some contingent necessity that may or mny
not arise in reference to the alleged disorders in
the Territory of Kansas. The other is on the
expediency of making provision, by legislation,
for the people of that Territory to form them-
selves into a State, if the time shall have arrived
to make it proper to do so. It has struck me,
on considering it, that the proper reference would
be to the Committee on the Judiciary. That
committee ought to determine, under the Consti-
tution, whether the time has arrived for the people
of Kansas to pass from a territorial condition to
that of a State; and the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, I presume, are as competent as any other j
to determine whether there is any existing con-
tingency proper for an appropriation. I move,
therefore, that the message be printed, and that
it be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The PRESIDENT. The message will be
printed, as a matter of course.
Mr. BUTLER. I have a word to say upon
the question of referring this message to the
Committee on the Judiciary. Formerly, when
States were to be admitted into the Union and
Territories made application to be admitted, or
to hold conventions for the purpose of forming
State constitutions, it was the uniform practice
to refer such messages, papers, and documents
to tjj^Committee 011 the Judiciary; but five or
six^ars ago it was thought otherwise, and a
different disposition was made of such subjects.
I then'contended, as the debates will show, that
referrirfg these matters to the Committee on Ter-
ritories was reversing the practice of the Senate,
but I was overruled; and I was perfectly willing
to be overruled, so far as regarded my personal or
my official connection with the subject. As these
i questions have within the last five or six years
been referred to the Committee oil Territories, I
do not think that the Committee on the Judiciary
should now have this matter placed upon them
and within their jurisdiction,- after the solemn
decision of the Senate; but if the Senate should
think so, I am perfectly willing to take upon my-
self, as far as I am connected with that commit-
tee, the duty to the country and to the Executive
in good faith. I must insist, however, as a matter
somewhat of official pride, that it shall not go to
the Committee on the Judiciary after the decision
which has heretofore been made on the subject.
It was taken from my committee and given to
the Committee on Territories in the case of Cali-
fornia, and in similar eases which arose at that
time. I therefore submit that this message should
take the usual course which has prevailed for
some years past, and be referred to the Committee
on Territories.
1 wish the distinguished Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas,] the chairman of the Committee
011 Territories, were here. I am sure he would be
willing, with his usual courage and ability, to
incur the responsibility of making a response,
by report, to this very able and lucid message.
In regard to its merits, I differ from the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward;] but I shall not
go into that question. The Senator says it was
unstatesmanlike, as well as I can understand
him, in the communication made by the Presi-
dent heretofore in his annual message, to advert
to the matters connected with the organization
of the Territory of Kansas. Well, sir, it is a
singular thing that the gentleman should make a
criticism of that kind, when there is not a news-
paperin the United States, not a State Legislature,
nor an Executive message, that does not treat of
it; and I will venture to say that it is a subject
that engrosses the public mind more than all
others. That is the very subject which the
Senator from New York says it was unstates-
manlike for the Executive of the United States
to notice E I need not comment on that state-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD. I would not have even the
Senator from South Carolina to labor under a
mistake, much less have him send such a misap-
prehension to the country. I did notcharacterize,
as the honorable Senator from South Carolina
supposes—at least 1 did not intend to characterize
that part of the message to which he refers as
unstatesmanlike. What I intended to say, and
what, according to my recollection, I did say,
was, that that part of the message contained
views which I thought were unstatesmanlike
views, which were unstatesmanlike according to
my understanding, and not that the message was
unstatesmanlike in presenting the subject. If, in
what I did say, there was anything liable to be
misapprehended, I beg to recall those remarks.
My purpose is, that the message shall stand now
unquestioned, reserving the right to speak to it
as my duty requires on an occasion that shall be
suitable, and not prejudicial to great national in-
terests arising out of our relations to a foreign
country.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I think we
have great reason to congratulate ourselves oil the
spirit that has been evinced since the message
was introduced; and I hope that not a solitary
word that can be supposed to be a harsh one will
be uttered upon this occasion from any quarter
whatever. A diffeience of opinion has arisen
between the Senators from VirgijjUt and South
Carolina in regard to the commite^to which the
message should be sent. Sir, the message pre-
sents a great occasion for the exertion of all the
patriotism and all the statesmanlike qualities the
Senate possesses. We have received the message,
and should consider it with the utmost care and
the strictest regard for justice to all parts of the
country. I would resort, at this moment, when
the national feeling is so much excited on this
topic, to the old-fashioned precedents that have
governed the Senate on similar occasions hereto-
fore. I think that it presents a suitable occasion
for us to organize a select committee of thirteen,
or perhaps fewer, members of the Senate, to be
selected by the Chair, for the purpose of settling
all the questions embraced in the message. If it
be in order, then, 1 will move for the appointment
of a select committee.
Mr. CASS. I rise to interrupt my friend from
Delaware, but I know he will excuse me. I agree
with the Senator from New York, that it is better
to print this message and send it to a committee.
I am afraid that if the honorable Senator form
Delaware goes on with some new proposition,
we shall bo led into an interminable discussion at
present. I would therefore suggest whether the
proposition of the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia is not best to refer it at once to the com-
mittee.
Mr. CLAYTON. I shall not object if that be
thought proper; but if on a future occasion it be
thought necessary to organize such a committee
as I have suggested, I Mall be perfectly willing
to concur in that. My only apprehension was
that a standing committee of the Senate might
not arrive at such a conclusion as would satisfy
the whole body. '
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave, in the spirit in
which I have addressed the Senate before, and
which has been so frankly and kindly responded
to on all sides of the House, to suggest to the
Senate—(but I shall not insist on the point; if I
am overruled I shall submit)—but I wish to sug-
gest that, according to our understanding of tha
committees of this body, which committees were
made by a majority of the Senate and the friends
of the President, there is upon the Committee on
the Judiciary no person understood to represent
the views of those wno are opposed to the prin-
ciples contained in the present message, while on
the other hand there is on the Committee on Ter-
ritories one of our number. We think it would
be just, as well as generous, to give us a hearing
on the committee, but we do not insist upon it,
because we defer until the proper occasion to
state our views and maintain our principles. The
value of a report from any committee will depend
on the measure of impartiality it shall be known
to exercise.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia to refer the
communication to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.  
Mr. BUTLER.. I understand that the motion
of the honorable Senator from Delaware to raise
a new committee has precedence.
The PRESIDENT. A motion to refer a sub-
ject to a standing committee takes preference of
a proposition for a select committee.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope that, in the spirit in
which this debate commenced, it will end. I do
not think it proper—I do not think it would tend
to harmony—to send this message to a committee
composed of gentlemen altogether of one political
complexion. 1 think that all sections of the Union
should be represented, and fairly represented, on
such a committee, in order that we may attain
the great object we aim at, which is "Peace,
peace, peace." Now, sir, we shall not attain
anything by sending it to a committee exclusively
of one political complexion; and it docs seem to
i me now,-as it did at first, that the fairest mode,
and that by which wc should arrive at the great-
est good, would be to refer it to a committee of
thirteen, if that number is preferred, or to a less
number, if the Senate prefer that—at any rate to
a select committee.
The PRESIDENT Does the Senator from
Virginia insist on his motion ?
Mr. BUTLER. I hope not.
Mr. MASON. I did not look to the constitu-
tion of the Committee on Territories in reference
to the phase of opinion that might be represented
there on the questions involved in the message,
although I did know, as has been stated by the
Senator from New York, that all the committees,
or the majority of them at least, were constituted
by the dominant party of this body; I had refer-
ence, chiefly, to the fact that the chairman of the
■ Committee on Territories [Mr. Douglas] -was
! absent, detained from his seat by indisposition,
and that the committee was not full: who else
was upon that committee I did not recollect; but
it did seem to me that it would be proper to refer
to the Committee on the Judiciary the questions
| raised by this message. What are they? They
are questions as to the construction of the terri-
i torial laws—the departure of a revolutionary
character from those laws. A question is also
' suggested, how far it is proper, with regard to
! the "Constitution, to invite (for it seems to be
i rather an invitation) by legislation the people
; now there to organize themselves as a political
| community, and present themselves as a State,
j All these questions seem to me proper questions
i for the Committee on the Judiciary, having
