1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1891
upon the following petitions; which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed:
On the petition of John F. Wills, asking com-
pensation for services as deputy postmaster at
Lawrenceburg, Kentucky; and
On the petition of Joseph Hall, of Alabama,
praymg relief for an alleged violation by the Post-
master General of a contract to carry the mail on
route No. 6850, from Pensacola, Florida, to Mo-
bile.
Mr. DICK. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to report from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, a bill authorizing the ex-
tension, construction, and use of the Metropol-
itan Railroad Company into and within the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
The SPEAKER. That is a general bill, and
not in order at this time.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, from the
Committee for the District of Columbia, made
an adverse report upon the petition o£ Matthias
Hincs; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to bo printed.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask that the Committee
on the Judiciary be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of James Averell,
of Clinton county, New York, for authority to
locate certain land warrants, and that leave be
granied the petitioner to withdraw his papers for
the purposeof reference to the Departments.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mi. CLAWSON, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, reported a bill for the ichef
of rhe legal representatives of General Henry
Alilier, deceased; which was road a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
primed.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported back an act (S. No.
377) for the relief of Ambrose Lanfear, of Lou-
lsuna, with an amendment; and an act (S. No.
270) for the relief of Hannibal Foulkc and Eliza
S. ('ollyer, formal iy widow Scnber, and the heirs
of Hi njainiii Scnber, deceased; which were sev-
erally referred |o a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be punted.
Mr. S., from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Benjamin R. Gantt; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the AYhole House, and ordered to
be pi mted.
On motion of Mr. SANDIDGE, it was
O/ilercd, That the Committee on Pnvate Land Claims
be discharged from tin* further conMd'-raiioii of the petition
or Lew is Moore, for a pension foi vprviees in tlie Mexican
war, fi'id that it be rcieired to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the same committee,
presented adverse reports on the petitions of
Joseph Roy, sen., for a land claim, and of Louise
A. Latil.
On motion of Mr. WAKEMAN, it was
Ordei erf, Tb:if the t'ommi.tcf on the Judiciary be dis-
charged trotn tin* lutthei eou-adeiatiou of the petition of
Aipui'ii John Giaham. of the steam-dnp United States, and
that the piuno be lclened to the (,'ouit of Claims.
Mi. KNOWLTON, from the Committee on
Claims, reported back an act (S. No. 319) for the
relief of the heirs of Major General Arthur-St.
Clair; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRINGLE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Arthur
Cesarman and John Seamoise; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts,
it was
Thatth'e Committee on Tndian Affans be dis-
cira^'d hum the fuither consideration of the petition of
irf.umiel Xmns, lor payment for beef furnished to the Cali-
fornia Indian-? in Idol, and that the same be leferred to the
Con it oi Chums.
Mi. SAPP, from the Commitee on Military
Atfurs, reported back an act (S. No. 313) for the
relief of Adam D. Steuart, and of Alexander
Randall, executors of Daniel Randall; which was
refi rr« d to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. S., from the same committee, reported a
bill forthe relief of Horatio Boulthee; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
pnn ted.
On motion of Mr. S., it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged tiom the further consideration of the memorial of
O. II. Woodworth, and that it be laid on the table, and
ordered to be punted.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Whitemarsh P. Seabrookand others; which was
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back an act (S. No.
326) for the relief of Charles Stearns; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ofdered to be printed.
Mr. F., from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of C. B. R. Kennerly; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DENVER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back Senate
bill (No. 337) for the construction of a military
road from some point in the State of Missouri, to
Salt Lake City.
The SPEAKER. That bill is not m order at
this time.
Air. BENSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Van Rens-
selaer Hall; which was read a first and second
time, lefeired to a Committee of the Whole j
House, and oidered to be punted.
Mr. IS., from the same committee, reported
back joint n solution (S. No. **24) for the benefit
of Susan Decatur, widow of Commodore Ste-
phen Decatur, late of the United States Navy;
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the report, entered to be pi mted.
Mr. STANTON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to present a report m
the case of Walter M. Gibson. J desire to state
to the House that this is a memorial praying
compensation for damages sustaim d by the me-
morialist by his imprisonment as* a captain of a
vessel m Batavia, in the East Indies.
The committee recommend the payment of no
money; but they recommend the renewal of ne-
gotiations with the view of securing compensa-
tion to him by the Dutch Government. There is
embodied in the report a somewhat valuable
memoir, containing a statement of the geography,
products, and population of the East Indian Arcli-
ipelago, accompanied by a map. 1 desne to
make the motion, therefore, that five thousand
extra copies of the report be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order now to move
for the printing of extra copies of that report ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order. The motion
will be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why, sir, would it be in
order for me, as a member of the House, to move
that extia copies of any report that might be
made here, be printed?
The SPEAKER. It certainly would be in
order for the gentleman to make the motion in
connection with the other motion which he has
made from ihe Commniee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not see why lie can
make it as a member of a committee, any more
thcin he can as a member of the House.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be referred
to the Committee on Piintmg.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. Is there any rea-
son given for printing these five thousand extra
copies ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Air. GROW, from the Committee on the Ter-
ritories, reported a bill to authorize payment for
property taken or destroyed in Kansas under
authority or color of law.
Mr. PHELPS. That is not a private bill.
Air. GROW. It is a private bill. It is for the
payment of claims of private citizens. It cer-
tainly is a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks, from the
reading of the title, that it is not a private bill.
Air. GROW. It provides for the appointment;
of a commission to take testimony m refeience i
to property of individuals destroyed in Kansas. ]
The SPEAKER. Unless it be stated that it is ■
for the relief of private citizens, the Chair docs >
not think, under the rules, it can be reported as j
a private bill. i
Air. GIDDINGS. I believe the Florida claitns
for property destroyed during the war in that
State have always been regarded as private claims,
and that is precisely a case parallel to this.
Tne SPEAKER. From the character of the
bill, as stated in the title, the Chair decides that,
under the rule, the committee have not the right
to report the bill.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER, from the Committee on
Territories, reported adversely upon the memo-
rial of H. P. Hovey, asking compensation for
printing the Kearney code by contract for the
government of New Mexico; which was laid on
the table, ordered to be printed, and the commit-
tee discharged from the further consideration
thereof.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back Senate bill (No. 211,) mak-
ing a reappropriationfrom the surplus fund for the
relief of Lieutenant John Guest, of the United
States Navy, and others; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, proposed to report a bill for the
relief of St. Louis county, Missouri.
The bill being general in its character, the
report was not received.
Air. MILLER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported bills
of the following titles; which were severally read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of the surviving children
of Peter Hubert, a revolutionary soldier; and
A bill for the relief of the children of James
Phelps, a revolutionary soldier.
Air. WOODRUFF, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Mary Hooper;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Air. MILLER, of Indiana, from the same
committee, reported a bill directing the pension
granted James Huey, deceased, and Jane Huey,
his widow, deceased, to bo paid to their sole heir,
Alexander D. Huey, of Georgia; wlucH was read
a first and second time, referred toaCommittee of
the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Air. OLIVER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a joint reso-
lution to pay the pension due Pamciia Slavin,
late the wife of John Blue, deceased to her ad-
ministrator.
Mr. O. said: I ask the attention of the House
for a single moment. The last Congress passed
an act for the relief of Pamelia Slavin, for ser-
vices during the revolutionary war, allowing a
pension for five years, commencing m 1848; but
before a warrant for the money could be drawn,
she died, and the Department did not feel at lib-
erty to pay over the money. This resolution
merely authorises her administrator to draw the
money. I ask that the resolution may be put on
its passage.
No objection being made, the joint resolution
received its several readings, and was passed.
Air. 0., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report upon the petition of Richard Rey-
nolds; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Air. LUA1PKIN, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions,reported the followins: bills; which
were severally read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and,
with the accompanying reports, ordered to be
printed:
A bill for the relief of William Walton, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812;
A bill for the relief of Charles Parish, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812; and
A bill for the relief of Alary B. Dusenbury
JOSEPH HILL.
The SPEAKER laid before the House an act
(S. No. 37b) for the relief of Joseph Hill; which
was read a first and second time.
Air. COBB, of Alabama. The beneficiary
under this bill is a one-armed invalid pensioner.
He called on me the other day at my aesk here,
and asked that, when the bill came up, I should
request that it be put on its passage. It was
parsed by the Senate without a dissenting voice.
