1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;'
M-
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Ka7isas—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
should be postponed for one week, and then to
be resumml on ihe bill now under consideration,
when, according to the courtesies of the Senate,
as well as the rules of parliamentary proceedings,
I would be entitled to open the debate as the au-
, *hor of the report and bill, and the Senator from
yermont, [Mr. Collamer,] as the author of the
minority report, would be entitled to reply; after
which, the subject would be open for free discus-
sion by any Senator who might desire to partici-
pate in it. Under these circumstances, I nad no
right to expect that my colleague would take ad-
vantage of my absence, in violation of the establish-
ed usages and courtesies of the Senate, to open the
discussion, and to make an assault on me person-
ally as well as upon the report of which I was
the author.
He commenced his remarks thus:
" Mr. President, I cannot consent, entertaining the views
which I hold, that this report shall go before the country
without expressing my dissent. I am aware, sir, that it is
here accompanied by a minority report which, in my judg-
ment, presents this Kansas question in a masterly manner.
It utterly refutes the majority report upon the great ques-
tion at issue; but, having been prepared without an oppor-
tunity to examine the majority report, it was impossible that
it could meet and expose all its unfounded assumptions."
I wish the Senate to bear in mind that this is
the first discussion which has taken place in the
Senate between my colleague and myself, and
that in the first paragraph of his first speech he
could not refrain from a personal assault on my-
self. Whatevefcontroversy, therefore, hasgrown
out of it, or may result from it, is of his own
seeking, unprovoked by me. He undertakes to i
tell the Senate, as a reason why he is not willing
the majority report should go out to the country
in connection with the minority report, that the
latter " having been prepared without an oppor-
tunity to examine the majority report, it was j
impossible that it could meet and expose all its j
unfounded assumptions." How does my col- .
league know that the Senator from Vermont pre-
pared the minority report without being allowed j
an opportunity to examine the majority^ report?
What authority has he for the insinuation that !
there was unfairness practiced by the majority tcy!
the minority of the committee ? Where is the
authority for making the charge, or rather the
innuendo, of unfairness ? Every member of the
committee knows that the majority report was
read to the whole on the Monday before its pre-
sentation to the Senate, or, rather, that about two
thirds of the report, containing every part of it
which has been the subject of criticism by my
colleague, was read on Monday. The Senator
from Vermont, who wrote the minority report,
was present, heard every word, and took notes
at the time of the points of dissent. The residue
of tlie report was prepared on Monday night, and
was read on Tuesday to the committee. The
minority report was never shown to a member
of the committee, or produced in committee, until
the Wednesday afterward. Hence, the Senator
from Vermont had two entire days to prepare his
dissent to all that part of the "majority report
which has been assailed by my colleague, and
one day in regard to the rest of it.
It is'proper here to remark that I offered to
postpone the time of making the report one day
longer, if the Senator from V ermont desired further
time; but, on Wednesday morning, he declined
availing himself of the postponement, upon the
ground that he was then ready to make his report,
and accordingly proceeded to read it to the com-
mittee. Then, on whatauthority is this innuendo
of unfairness made by my colleague ? A similar
charge of unfairness was made in the newspa-
pers, over anonymous signatures, nearly two
weeks before the reports were prepared, in order
to prejudice the public mind, and break the force
of the facts and conclusions of the report when
if should be made. I exposed the fraud then in
open Senate, in the presence of my colleague and
of the author of the minority report. 1 repeat
the question. In the face of these facts, on what
authority does my colleague, in the first paragraph
of his first speech in the- Senate, in referring to
me, insert an innuendo containing a charge so
unfounded and so offensive, and which is known
to be unjust and untrue by every member of the
committee ?
But my colleague says the minority report
is "masterly." Be it so. He aays that it
"utterly refutes the majority report upon the
great question at issue." The Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] indorsed the minority report
in similar terms; ana the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Sumner] returned his thanks to its
author in like manner. The whole of that side
of the Chamber, including all the members of
that party called anti-Nebraska men, or Black
Republicans, indorse the opinion of my colleague
1 that the minority report is a masterly production!
Then, why. not allow the two reports to go to^he
country together, and permit the discussion to
proceed in the usual mode which the practice of
this body requires ? If the minority report is
masterly—if it does utterly refute the majority
report upon the great questions at issue, why
does my colleague deem it necessary to be in such
hot haste to rush into the discussion ? What is
his excuse?
" But, having been prepared without an opportunity to
examine the majority report, it was impossible that it could
meet and expose all its unfounded assumptions."
My colleague is unwilling to let them go to-
gether, because, although the minority report
retiites that of the majority on the great point at
issue, he is not satisfied to leave the country to
decide upon the great poinfat issue. He prefers
withdrawing the attention of the people from the
great questions at issue to the minor points—to'
change the issue, and make up a new one on the
minor points which are not met by the minor-
ity report. I cannot accommodate my colleague
by consenting to that change of the issue. 1 am
not willing that he shall now pass from the great
point to the minor ones, and make personal issues
with nryself for the purpose of diverting public
attention from the great questions involved in this
contest between the Democracy and the allied
forces of northern Know Nothingism and Abo-
litionism.
What are these minor points—these " un-
founded assumptions"—to which my colleague
deemed it so necessary to reply at once? Nearly
j every point upon which he assailed the majority
: report is alluded to by the minority report. It is
true, a large portion of.his speech consisted in
criticisms on my political course in connection
with the slavery question prior to the passage of
the Kansas-Nebraska act. I do not propose to
reply to that portion of his speech on this occa-
sion. The people of Illinois have heard it from
the stump in nearly every county in the State,
together with my reply to it. If his present speech
j is intended for that meridian, I am willing that
the people of Illinois should decide between us
-upon the case as there presented. If, on the other
hand, it was intended to enlighten the Senate, I
will pass it by in silence, and leave the judgment
of the Senate to stand as it was formed when the
same points were made by Mr. Chase and other
Abolition Senators, and replied to by me at the
night session when the Nebraska bill passed.
Nor, sir, shall I take time to vindicate my-
self against the innuendoes contained in the gar-
bled extracts given by my colleague from some
speeches which I had made in 1849 and 1850.
"Ihe Senator has chosen to quote from one of my
speeches'a phrase to the effect, that I knew of no
man in America who was in favor of the exten-
sion of slavery into territory now free. If he
had shown the connection in which that remark
was made I should have no comment to make;
I was speaking of the proposition to extend sla-
very by act of Congress, and in reply to those
who wished to prohibit slavery by act of Con-
fress. In that'connection I may have said, and
ought to hare said, that I knew of no man in
America who was in favor of the extension of
slavery. If my colleague had stated that the
remark which he attributes to me was used with
reference to the extension of sla^jry by act of
Congress, or the action of the Federal Govern-
ment, instead of leaving the people of each State
and Territory free to decide the question for them-
selves, comment or explanation from me would
have been unnecessary. Other extracts were
i introduced, intending to make a false issue, or a
1 true one, as the case may be, on me, in order to
draw public attention from the great issues which,
according to his statement, are utterly refuted by
the minority report. I shall not spend time on
these minor questions.
One, however, I may allude to. He referred to
that portion of the report of the committee which
declares that the Kansas-Nebraska bill was in-
tended to conform to the great principle of State
equality an(l self-government, in obedience to the
Constitution. The language of the report is:
" The act of Congress for the organization of the Terri-
tories of Kansas and Nebraska was designed to conform to
the spirit and letter of the Federal Constitution, by pre-
servingand maintaining the fundamental principle of equal-
ity among ali the States of the Union, notwithstanding the
restriction contained in the eighth section of the act of
March 6,1820, (preparatory to the admission of Missouri
into the Union,) which assumed to deny to the people forever
the right to settle the question of slavery for themselves,
provided they should make their homes and organize States
north of 36® 30' north latitude."
My colleague replied to that—how ? He denied
that the Missouri restriction assumed toi do any
such thing. He denied that it assumed to pro-
hibit slavery in the Territory, except while it
remained a Territory. This is one of the "un-
I founded assumptions" to which he deemed it his
duty to be in haste to reply. This is the lan-
guage which he employed:
" r>id the eighth section of the act preparatory to the ad-
mission of Missouri into the Union assume what is herd
charged? That provision, in my judgment, has been very
much misunderstood. It is a provision relating to the 'ter-
ritory' north of 36° 30' north latitude, and not to the States
to be formed out of it. i have not the provision before me,
but [ know that it provides substantially that 'in all that
territory' north of 36° 30' slavery shall be forever prohibited.
The word ' forever' occurs in it; and that word seems to be
very potent in the estimation of some gentlemen; but, like
the word ' hereafter,' or any other word used in law in
reference to a Territory, it ceases to have effect whenever
the Territory ceases to exist. After the Territorv is ad-
mitted into the Union as a State, the laws provided for its
government while a Territory become nugatory, unless some
provision be made for their continuance."
Is that one of the "unfounded assumptions "
in the majority report? Is it true, as he says,
that the act of Congress known as the Missouri
compromise, although it contained the wor(J
"forever," did not mean forever? Is it true that,
without the passage of the Nebraska bill, con-
taing the repealing clause, the act of 1820 would
have become nugatory and void on the people of
the Territory forming a constitution at Topeka,
and coming into the Union ? If so, what is
meant by all the leaders of tfiat great party of
which he has become now so prominent a mem-
ber when they charge me with violating a solemr
compact—a compact which they say consecrated "
that Territory to freedom forever? They say it
was a co'rnpact binding " forever." He says that
is an unfounded assumption, for it was only a
law which would become void without even
being repealed; it was a mere legislative enact-
ment, like any other territorial law; and the word
"forever" meant no more than "hereafter"—
that it would expire by its own limitation. If
this assumption be true, it necessarily follows
that what he calls the Missouri compromise was
no compact—was not a contract—nor even a com-
promise, the repeal of which would involve a
breach of faith!
If he be right in this assumption, what excuse
has he for joining in this crusade against me and
against the Democratic party, on the ground that
we have repealed a sacred compact—that we have
removed the obligations of a solemn covenant
which dedicated the country to freedom forever ?
If his position be true, he convicts all of his as-
sociates on that side of the Chamber of having
slandered me. If his position be true, the
"unfounded assumptions" of which he speaks
were the assumptions of his coadjutors, and not
of myself. Why not arraign them for their un-
founded assumptions ? Why not denounce them
for having burned me in effigy, on the charge that
I had violated a solemn compact, which, he says,
was not a compact, but a mere ordinary act of
legislation, intended to be temporary in its< char-
acter, and to become nugatory and void whenever
there should be people enough to form a govern-
ment, and to assume the right to govern them-
selves !
Sir, I understand the object of this part of his
speech perfectly. He knows that the abolition-
ists of Illinois will tolerate him even in such an
" unfounded assumption," provided he makes
his war bitter enough on me personally, and on
the Democratic organization throughout the State,
to compensate them for this disavowal of a portion
