292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
charge of the genera] laws of the land, and their
construction and application.
X did not recollcct what has been stated by my
honorable friend from South Carolina, that ques-
tions which he considered appropriate to the
Committee 021 the Judiciary had, on former oc-
casions. been taken from that committee and re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories. Yielding
to his'recollection, for I do not remember how it
wfts, I would say that there seems to me to
be this difference, so far, at least, as California
and New Mexico were concerned,—they were
proper territorial questions because they had
never been organized as Territories at all, but
asked for admission into the Union without
having gone through the preliminary form. It
would seem, then, proper,pr'unafacie at least, that
those questions should be referred to the Committee
on Territories. But here are questions on the con-
struction of law, the power of the Governor which
is canvassed in the message of the President, and
the power of the people to disregard existing laws,
and to provide laws for themselves by what I
understand the message to term a revolutionary
movement. These are questions I think proper
for the Committee on the Judiciary; and, al-
though I admit the force of the suggestion made
by the Senator from New York, that there would
be a propriety in referring It to a committee
where opinions of the character to which he al-
ludes are represented—and I did not know that
there were not such upon the Committee on the
Judiciary—I am not disposed to withdraw my
motion to refer the subject to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
feel myself colled upon to make a few remarks
from the consideration that I am a member of the
Committee on Territories, although I should be
very glad to be excused from the ciuty of saying
a word. I do not know that the maxim or rule
prevails in regard to the committees of the Senate
now as formerly, the old common-law maxim of
the judges of England, that a court or any other
tribunal should assume all the jurisdiction which
they thought they had a rifrht to exercise by pre-
cedent or the ordinary rules of proceeding. T
believe that, for the last five or six years at all
events, the Committee on Territories might right-
fully claim jurisdiction over tins subject, and I
do not know but that it would be regarded as
some degree of disparagement if the Senate ns a
body now should, because of the absence of the
chairman of that committee, refer this message to
a committee which has not usually had jurisdic-
tion of most of the subjects at least wliich are
alluded to in the message.
Upon the Committee on Territories is my friend
from Iowa, [Mr. Jones.] I know, from having
consulted with him, that he would prefer that the
subject should be referred to some other commit-
tee; but X do not see that theie are any sufficient
considerations why ho should not maintain the
position in respectability of the committee to
which he belongs, by insisting that this message
shouldgo to them, and that we have some capacity
to examine these questions, m thrt absence of our
chairman, although X will admit, for myself, that
the committee is by no means of an equal capacity
with what it would be if the honorable chairman
were present. But could not that defect be reme-
died? I should not think it any derogation of our
ttuilt and position on the committee, at least for
myself, being one of the most humble membeis
upon it, if the Senate should think proper to
uwjoint a temporary chairman.
The difficulties in regard to California and New
Mexico were very much in the nature of the ques-
tions now submitted, except one proposition, as
to the validity of the legislative proceedings of the
a. -
petent authority, and adjourned from that point
to another without the consent of the Executive.
X believe, with the honorable {Senator from Dela-
ware, that it would not be so satisfactory to refer
the whole of this message to the Committee on
ihe Judiciary, unless there were some gentlemen
on it who could be understood fairly to represent
cno predominant spirit in some portions of the
Union. They would feel better satisned if their
side of the question had been examined by gen-
tlemen who had no prejudgment, and who had by
no former action of their own indicated opinions
and sentiments which would be inconsistent with
a full and fair inquiry.
For myself, however, I wish to say that I shall
feel it to be no particular disparagement to me if
the subject shall not be referred to the Commit-
tee on Territories. I should submit very cheer-
fully—indeed I may say that upon any other
ground, except the last one I mentioned, I should
prefer to be relieved from the responsibility of
examining such a number of important questions
as are presented in this paper—one of the most
interesting and most important that has been ;
submitted to Congress, and which will of course
lead to lengthened inquiry and investigation, and ,
perhaps to an excitement which has never been ;
surpassed in importance. So far as the questions
involved are connected with the harmony, con-
tinued prosperity, and peace of this country" it is
a subject wnich may well command the deepest
attention of the Senators most conversant with
the legal questions which arc presented in it as
well as those questions connected with other De-
partments of the public service and with another
great interest, Whether or not the whole mes-
sage shall be submitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary, I think there is one subject which
ought particularly to be considered by that com-
mittee. I would suggest a course which form-
erly 1 know was pursued in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and perhaps in the Senate. The prac-
tice in the other House is, I believe, to dissect a
message, and refer such parts of it as relate to
one subject, and are within the peculiar jurisdic-
tion and provmce of one committee, to that
i committee, and so to go through an. entire mes-
sage, and refer its various paits to the different
committees having proper jurisdiction over them.
I shall be very glad if the question to which I
allude could be submitted to the Committee on
the Judiciary. By that course I should feel re-
lieved of personal responsibility and labor.
X have thought myself called upon as a member
of the-Committee on Territories to express these
views. I think there are very few gentlemen
who might not feci somewhat sensitive in regard
to the honor of the committee in the treatment
whi<'h it is to receive at the hands of the Senate,
because the chairman does not happen to be here.
As he is not here, X would siy, put the most dis-
tinguished man in the Senate on that committee
as chairman.
Mr. BUTLER. Who is he ?
Mr. DELL, of Tennessee. The honorable
Senator fiom South Carolina. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, [ hope the Sen-
ate will refer this message to the Committee on
Territories. I hope so for the reason that upon that
committee, by the extraordinary magnanimity of
the majority of the Senate, there is a member who
represents the views of a minority of the Senate,
and m my judgment, at the same time of a decisive
ma jority of the country. X hope, therefore, sir, that
the message will go to a committee that has upon
it a disthiguished gentleman, [Mr. Coi.lamur,]
who will express the wishes of a minority of the
Senate, and at the .same time, in my judgment, a
maiority of the country. Upon the Committee
Oil the J udiciary there is no member thatdoes rep-
resent a minority of the Senate, unless there are
upon teat committee gentlemen who now occupy
, positions cntjjfely antagonis;ical to those they
i have heretofew occupied. I hope this subject
I will go to the Committee on Territories, but. above
! all, X hope it will not be referred to a large special
! committee, as suggested by the Senator from
j Delaware.
' Mr. SEWARD. The Senator from Delaware
[ withdraws that suggestion; he does not make the
I motion.
! Mr. WILSON. I am glad that the motion is
| withdrawn, and that we are to have no large
i committee—that noomnibus measures orconipro-
| mise measures are to be proposed in the Senate
1 at the present lime in regard to the Kansas ques-
i tion.
Tiiis message is before us. Xt will go out to
the country. Senators have spoken of the calm
manner in which it has been received by the Sen-
ate. 1 have no disposition at this time to break
| this harmony. I will say, however, that X see
I nothing in the spirit of this document, or of that
I other message, which came to us arraigning a
j large portion of the country, reading lectures to
men who morally and intellectually might, with
propriety, read lectures to the Author of this mes-
sage—I say, sir, I sec nothing in the tone and
spirit of the message, misrepresenting,as it does,
men who call no man master, and who wish to
make no man a slave—men who <c do not persuade
themselves," to quote the expressive words of the
Attorney General of the United States, u that
liberty is an evil, or slaveiy a blessing"—that de-
mands o? the Senate or the country the exercise
of any great degree of charity or forbearance.
This message relates to the people of Kansas,
who are endeavoring to protect themselves; who
have adopted the only practicable mode in their
power to protect their lives, their liberties, and
their property against armed invaders. It refers
to their acts as revolutionary. Sir, their posi-
tion is an extraordinary one, but I do not believe
that there is anything in their action, of a revolu-
tionary purpose or a rebellious character. Ex-
traordinary as is the position of that people before
the country, they have been driven to it by out-
rages unparalleled m the history of this country
or of the civilized world; and in the spirit of
freemen, in the spnit of men capable of main-
taining their rights, they have accepted the doc-
trine of squatter sovereignty in its broadest sense,
and organized a State government to protect them
against armed invasions from Missouri, and the
acts of an incompetent and treacherous Executive,
pledged to execute, at the point of the bayonet,
the inhuman enactments of a Legislature forced
upon the actual settlors of that Territory by armed
invaders, under the lead of a man who once pre-
sided over the Senate.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I desire to say
a few words m respect to this proposition, and
only a very few. In saying them, I shall follow
the example of the distinguished Senators from
New York and Delawuie, and others who have
spoken upon the subject, rather than that of the
gentleman who has just taken his scat. I doubt
not that, when the honorable Senator from New
York arose to speak on this question, he rose
with as deep feeling as possibly could pervade
the bosom of any Senator present; yet, sir, feel-
ing, perhaps, no less, I shall be content to follow
his example, and to say no word and utter no
sentiment which can be justly obnoxious to any
gentleman anywhere.
Sir, I feel myself compelled to disagree with
the honorable Senator from Virginia in respect
to the direction which should be given to this
paper. In the first place, a reason may be as-
j s'^ncd, I think, that the organic law of the Ter-
ritory, out of which every element alluded to by
! the President has arisen, came from the Corn-
! mitfee on Territories of the last Congress, sev-
I eial of the members of which were the same
! then as now. In thq next place, the message,
i properly considered, refers solely to territorial
I questions, and none other. In that point of view,
! therefore, if it be referred to a standing commit-
[ tee of the Senate, it belongs to the Committee on
| Territories. The question would be different,
i perhaps, if it grew out of a petition issuing from
the people of the Territory, asking of Congress
the passage of an act enabling them to form a^
State constitution; but inasmuch as there is no*
action now asked for by the people of the Terri-
tory, and as the subjcct-mattcr before the Senate
is a message of the President on territorial sub-
jects exclusively, it seems to me that it furnishes
a conclusive reason why the message should be
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Now, sir, as to the argument of the paper as
to the facts referred to, I wish to reserve my
opinions and action entirely free, by the vote
that I give on this occasion. Whenever the com-
mittee shall report, with the best lights before
me, I shall attempt to discharge my duty in re-
spect to these delicate subjects; and in giving
my vote to-day I deem it proper to say ^kat I
protest against its being construed either mravor
of or in opposition to either argument or fact em-
braced m the message.
This much I have deemed it my duty to sub-
mit on this occasion, and to urge that the Senate
will, ccrtainly without unnecessary excitement,
refer this paper to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. CLAYTON. When X suggested the idea
of a special committee 
Mr JONES, of Iowa. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
