1892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
If only increases his pension from eight dollars
,lo twelve dollars per month.
The bill directs that the increased pension slmll
commence June 25, 1856, and to continue during
■lis natural life. The hill was ordered to be read
x third time: and it was accordingly read the thiid
time, and passed.
Jvfr. COBB. 1 move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing bills and resolutions on the Speaker's
table; which were severally read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred as indicated below:
An act (S.No. 322) for the relief of J". E. Mar-
tin—to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
An act (S. No. 331) for the relief of Franklin
Peale—to the Committee of Claims.
An act (S. No. 332) for the relief of John Bron-
sou—to the Committee of Claims.
An act (S. No. 333) for the relief of Joseph
Graham—to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
An act (S. No. 407) for the relief of Francis
A. Gibbons and Francis X. Kelly—to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
An act (S. No. 409) for the relief of Thomas
M. Newell—to the Committee of Claims.
Jt\i act (S. No. 408) for the relief of Joseph D.
Beers, of the city of New York—to the Commit-
tee oi' Claims.
An act (S. No. 360) for the relief of Thomas
J. Churchill, late a lieutenant in the first Ken-
lucky regiment of volunteers—to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
An act (S. No. 338) for the relief of the Co-
lumbian Harmony Society of the city of Wash-
ington—to the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia.
A resolution (S. No. 34) for the settlement of
the account of Charles M. Strater and Edward
V. Johnson, mail contractors—to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask to
take a biH from the Speaker's table, tliat it may
be put on its passage.
Mr. G1DDINGS. t hope the House will first
consider and dispose of the bills reported yester-
day from the Committee of the Whole Mouse on
the Private Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. A Senate hill for
the relief of Charles Stearns was reported by the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. i<'.uJu;\TEn] tins
morning from the Committee on Military Affairs,
and I ask that it be now token up and put on ifs
passage. It seems that the claimant <^ot into some
difficulties about the Springfield armory. 1 have
read the Senate report in the case. 1 think it is
a case of peculiar hardship. The claimant is
awaiting here at expense for the passage of the
bill. If we take it up and put it on its passage,
I think we will do but an act of justice to Mr.
Stearns.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Let us first pass the bills
reported yesterday from the Committee of the
Whole House.
SENATE PRIVATE BILLS PASSED.
The following Senate bills, reported from the
Committee of the Whole House, yesterday, were
then taken up, ordered to be read a third time, and
were severally read the third tirne and parsed:
An act for the relief of Richard Albritton;
An act for the relief of Randall D. Livingston;
An act for the relief of Cephise P iseros, widow
of Louis Labranche, of the parish of St. Charles,
and State of Louisiana;
An act to confirm Joseph Wandestrand in his
title to certain lands; and
An act for the relief of Mrs. M. E. McKni°-ht,
widow of Francis M. McKmght. °
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN MICHIGAN.
The following Senate bill was yesterday re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole House,
with a recommendation that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union:
An act appointing commissioners to ascertain
certain facts relative to private land claims in the
State of Michigan.
The question being on concurring in the rec-
ommendation of the committee, it was put and
decided 111 the affirmative.
So the biil was referred to the Committee of
the Whole oil the state of the Union.
PASSAGE OF PRIVATE BILLS OF THE HOUSE.
The following House bills, reported yesterday
from the Committee of the Whole House, were
then taken up, ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, they were
severally read the third time, and passed:
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Mrs. Magdalena Broutin, widow of
JDe la Ronde;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Ignacio Delino;
A bill to confirm the title of Ruhama Whitaker
and Rebecca Whitaker to certain lands in the
State of Louisiana;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Bernard Hemkin;
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Lewis Reggio;
|! A bill to extend the rights granted by the act
|| approved 7th January, 1853, entitled "An act
i! authorizing certain soldiers of the late war with
Great Britain to surrender the bounty lands drawn
by them, and to locate others in lieu thereof;"
A bill to confirm to certain persons therein
named their titles to certain lots in Prairie du
I1 Chien, Wisconsin;
Ji A bill for the relief of Talbot C. Dousman;
i, A bill for the relief of Benjamin La Ponte,
i William Altenburg, and others;
| A bill for the relief of Napoleon B. Gill, of
i Perry county, Missouri, and for other purposes;
and
,! A bill for the relief of Bridget Mailer.
lj SARAH ANN DYE.
'' The House then took una House bill, reported
| yesterday from the Committee of the Whole
,| House, for the relief of the heirs of Sarah Ann
: Dye; upon which a separate vote had been
,! aslcd.
,! Mr. READY. What I desire to say in refer-
■ ' enee to this bill is this; If I understand it, it is a
; bill to nav (i pension for seven years to the heirs
| of Airs. Dye, who was the widow of a lieutenant
'| in the revolutionary army, who was killed at the
battle of Brandy wine. Under a law passed, 1
;■ believe, in 1818, a pension was provided for the
I widows of soldiers who were killed in battle
during the war, or while engaged in the line of
their duty. This widow never applied for her
pens-ion during her life time, and now, after her
decth, her heirs claim that they are entitled to it,
and that it is tin' duty of the Government to pay
it. The bill provides for tlie payment to her
, heirs, of that pension which she woidd be enti-
I tied to if living. Now, so far as 1 have any inform-
; ation, I understand that would be to inaugurate
a new principle in the pension laws. Though E
' am m favor of pretty liberal action in providing
pensions to those, and the heirs of those, who
served their country during the revolutionary war,
1 still it seems to rae that this would be going a step
; so far V yond anything that hasever yetbeen done
in that way, that we ought to hesitate long before
I dini.g it. It ceit-anly would be opening the door
very \v ide, and setting a precedent for a very large
class of ease-!, which would require an immense
amount of meney to pay them.
If these heirs had been entitled under the gen-
era! law which granted pensions to their ancestor,
there would have been no necessity for an appli-
cation here. All that they would have been re-
qu.red to do, would have been to present their
application to the Commissioner of Pensions,
establish the facts upon which they here claim a
pension, and it would have been granted. But
■ the law will not allow it, and hence they come
here and ask Congress to make a special excep-
tion in their favor, and to pay them a pension
■ upon a state of facts upon which I believe Con-
gress has never yet paid a pension of one dollar.
This is as much as I need say to make the ground
|'> of my objection understood". 1 move to lay the
II bill upon "the table.
j! The motion was agreed to.
]j Mr. LETCHER moved to reconsider the vote
: by which the bill was laid on the table, and also
jl moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
l| table; which latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES STEARN.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 rise to renew the mo-
tion made with so much propriety by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] to take up
the bill of Charles Stearn, of Massachusetts, and
have it passed, It can be done by general con-
sent, and I hope no gentleman will object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I make no objec-
tion to the motion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, renewed by the gentleman from Virginia,
on the condition that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, who was the only person to object yester-
day to the motion to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House from the further consideration
of the bill for the relief of Captain McClelland,
and to have the bill put upon its passage, will
withdraw his objection. That is a case of ex-
treme hardship as well as this.
Mr. JONES. I have no knowledge of this case
except that 1 see from the facts stated in the
report that it is a case of extreme hardship, and
one which the House ought immediately to dis-
pose of. I can make no comprgmise about it.
My own opinion is that in the other case referred
to by the gentleman from Ohio, the principle is
wrong.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will not make objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in order to
submit a motion to go into a Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order were
there not a previous motion pending, made by
the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. SMITH. I do not know anything about
that. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. ZOLLJCOFFER. I renew it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Objection being made to
the motion of the gentleman from Virginia, I now
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. Before the
question be taken I desire to say 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (interrupting.) Is
it in order to make my motion now to go into
a Committee of the Whole on the Private Calen-
dar?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. SMITH. Then I make the motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Itisvcry unfortunate that
gentlemen should think so little of the general
appropriation bills. I wish to inform the gentle-
man from Virginia that there has been an under-
standing with the chairman of the Committee of
Claims. We want to have one of the appropria-
tion bills discussed and passed to-day.
Mr. GROW. Before the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia is put, I desire to ask the con-
sent of the House to allow this to be considered
as objection day; otherwise, there is no use in
going into Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar.
Objection was made.
Mr. GROW. Then I hope the House will not
go into Committee on the Private Calendar.
Mr. DENVER. Before the motion to go into
committee is put, I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to allow me to have a bill taken from the
Speaker's table. and referred to a committee.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. SMITH. I will do so if the gentleman
will renew my motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion need not be
withdrawn.
Mr. DENVER. Then I ask to have taken
from the Speaker's table, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, a bill explanatory of
so much of an act passed August 5, 1H54, making
appropriation for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1655, as refers to the pay-
ment of expenses incurred by the State of Cali-
fornia for the suppression of Indian hostilities in
that State.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
Mr. CULLEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a personal explanation
which materially concerns me, my constituents,
and every member of the House.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
The question being on-Mr. Smith's motion,
Mr. M1LLSON. Is there not a motion to go
