1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1898
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
"Union?
The SPEAKER. That motion is pending;
but the other motion to go into Committee of the
"Whole on the Private Calendar takes precedence
on this day>
The question was taken on Mr. Smith's motion;
and on a division there were—ayes thirty-seven,
noes not counted.
So the motion was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp-
bell's motion; and it was agreed to.
THE FORTIFICATION BILL.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Cobb, of Geor-
gia, in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of House bill (No. 180) making appropriations
for fortifications and other works of defense, and
for repairs of barracks and quarters, for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1857, the pending ques-
tion being on Mr. Benson's amendment, as fol-
lows:
For the improvement of the fortification at tlie entiance
of Kennebec river, $100,000.
On this amendment tellers had been ordered;
and Messrs. Kennett and Prixgle had been
appointed.
The Mouse divided; and the tellers reported—
eyes seventy-four, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend, in line
thirty-three, by increasing the appropriation to
$75,000 in the following item of the bill:
For Fort Gaines, Dauphin Island, Alabama, *-50.000.
For the purpose of indicating the propriety of
the amendment I have offered, [ wiil mention to
the committee (what perhaps most of the members
may have forgotten) that early in the present ses-
sion, I think some tune in the month of Fobruaiy
or March, I ofifeied a resolution, which was
adopted, calling on the Secretary of War to send
to this House estimates of what was necessary
for putting the fortifications between Mobile and
Kc-w Orleans in good condition. On the 7th of
March he responded to that resolution by a report
covering a report of the chief engineer. I find,
on examining the report, that he recommends an
appropriation of $200,000 as necessary to com-
plete the fortification at Fort Gaines, and he
furnishes an estimate of $75,000 for the present
fiscal year. When this report came to the House
it was sent to the Committee on Military Affairs.
From the fact that the Committee of Ways and
Means have reported in this bill $50,000 instead
of $75,000, I presume that they only acted on the
estimates originally sent from the War Depart-
ment, and that this report has not been before
them, i read from the report of the Secretary of
W ar:
"Fort Gaines, oneast end of Dauphin Tslavd, the icc&t point
of Mobile fjai{.—Thi-i toit lia- ju>t been boirun, at tor l<jn  <k:-
l.iv in -^curing: the title to the -ite. It !*• dt-Mgned to t om-
mand tlie {id^aae of ve^els of light draught, that mujht
otherwise pass up to the anchorages and enj, keeping out
of the reach of Fort Moigan; and, also, to command a
valuable extenor anchorage, lying between it and Pelican
island. The estimate to finish this tort is yiOU.UOO; and
the sum of 75,000 i onthe estimate for the next fiscal yt ar."
The committee will see that the appropriation
for the current year is estimated for at §"/ 5,000 in-
stead of $50,000. Itseems to me, therefore, that,
inasmuch as the corps of engineers have decided
that tins amount is necessary, the committee ought
to adopt the amendment which I have offered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am opposed to
the inctease which has been proposed by the
gentleman from Alabama. The estimates to which
the gentleman has referred were before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and well considered
by that committee. And 1 wish now to advise
members of this fact, that if we start out by
making these increased appropriations for the
various fortifications, according to the additional
estimates from the War Department, to which
the gentleman has referred, wc shall involve the
country m an expenditure of $1,047,000 beyond
the regular annual estimates. The regular an-
nual estimates are for $1,700,000; and tins addi-
tional estimate, sent in here after the bill had been
reported—sent m, if I mistake not, on the 5th of
June, almostdoubles the sum originally estimated
lor. if it is the policy of the committee and of
the House 'to increase this system of fortifica-
tions, and to make this large expenditure of
money, it is but proper and fair, that we should
take up the additional estimates, &nd make the
bill conform to thorn, thereby increasing the
amount over a million of dollars. In respect to
this Fort Gaines, the committee inserted in the
bill the appropriation originally estimated for;
and in considering the additional estimates they
treated Fort Gaines exactly as they did the other
fortifications, declining to acquiesce in the rec-
ommendations of the War Department, by ap-
propriating the additional sum of $1,000,000. It
is for the committee to determine whether they
will in this case give the additional $425,000. If
they do, then f think they should take up the bill
and amend it to conform to the additional esti-
mates of the War Department.
Mr. WALKER. I withdraw my amendment,
and now move to amend by increasing the appro-
priation to §74,500.
Now, sir, as a matter of course, in the face of
all the objections urged by the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, ( can have but
slight hope of overriding his voice, becausc, as
chairman of this most important committee, his
voice must have potency in this House. But (
submit whether there was anything in the whole
of his objections, save and except what he was
here kind enough to assure the House of, that
the committee have come to the determination to
disregard the recommendations of the War De-
partment. I submit, to the committee, whether
he has furnished us with any other reason for the
action of the House m rejecting the amendment
which I have proposed. Now, sir, if he were at
all familiar with the coast between Mobil" and
New Orleans—if he, were at all a wave of the neces-
sity there is for the public safety, of putting that
coast in such a posture of defense as to insure
the safety of Mississippi, Alabama, and Louisi-
ana in time of war, he would not urge objection
against this amendment.
Now, 1 take it. that no one questions the -wis-
dom and competency of the head of our engineer
corps in making those estimates. No one doubts
his ability to sa3* how much is necessary to put
this or that fort in a proper state of defense. He
says in this report that it will take $75,000 to
carry on tins improvement begun at Fort Gaines,
Dauphin Island. He estimates that the improve-
ments will require the appropriation of £100,000,
but he allows $75,000 for the present year to carry
on th& work
The only objection urged by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means is, that
they thought it advisable to ignore the additional
estimates of the Secretary of "War, and to be
governed by the regular annual estimates. In the
time allotted to me under the rules 1 cannot, of
course, refer to maps. I cannot undertake to give
the relative position of these islands to the main
coast, to show the command they have of this or
that channM on the route from New Orleans to
Mobile. I can only assure the committee that
there is a manifest necessity for these appropri-
ations. One thing is clear to my mind; if the
money is not appropriated now, it is only a delay,
for the work cannot be brought to a conclusion
without such appropriations. And as we have
the estimate of a competent officer, I sec no
reason why the allowance should not be made at
tins time. Therefore I trust the committee will
sustain the amendment I propose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, and call for the vote.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. McCARTV. 1 offer the following reso-
lution:
For repairs of Fort Ontario, near Oswego, New York,
$fi,000.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment is in accord-
ance with the recommendations of the War De-
partment, and is included in the estimates sent to
the Committee of Ways and Means. It has been
omitted from this bill. Indeed, I observe in the
bill no appropriation for any work on the north-
ern frontier—a coast of some fifteen hundred miles.
Along that coast there are many large and nour-
ishing cities. Fort Ontario is already constructed
under the authority of the Government, and my
amendment is for repairs of that fort, deemed
necessary by the proper Department. Either these
I repairs should be made, or the work should ,be
; abandoned altogether. The War Department
recommend that these repair* be made. The
j amount of my amendment is somewhat less than
j that of the Senate bill, which is on the Speaker's
table. That bill appropriates $10,000.
Fort Ontario defends a commence of $50,000,000
annually. It protects the city of Oswego", the
trade of which has oeen rapidly increasing since
the ratification of the reciprocity treaty. It is
recommended as necessary ; and these repairs are
recommended to keep up its efficiency. I hope,
therefore, that the amendment will be adopted. "
Mr. PHELPS. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York is based on no estimate
that I have seen, If the gentleman will turn to
the annual estimates he will find that nothing is
estimated for the purpose of keeping up the fort
on Lake Ontario. The Secretary of War submits
an estimate in gross for the purpose of preserving
the fortifications which have been constructed in
the United States. The gentleman will see this
by looking at the last clause of the bill, which is
as follows:
For contingent expenses of fortifications not herein
mentioned, the preservation of sites, the protection of titles,
and repairs of sudden damages to forts, $30,300.
Therefore it is not necessary to appropriate any
. money here for the purpose of keeping that fort
  in repair. .The clause which I have read accom-
! plishes what the gentleman desires; this amend*
i ment is unnecessary.
j Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to amend the amend-
i ment by increasing the sum $10,000. Mr. Chair-
! man, T do this because of the liberality which I
wish to see exercised towards that frontier coast.
Gentlemen will bear in mind that the whole north-
! em frontier is left entirely exposed with the ex-
; ception of the single defensive work to which my
| friend's amendment applies. Look at the fort at
1 the. straits of Mackinaw. There is not a cent
! appropriated for the repair of that fort. There i.s
1 not a gun nor a soldier there. It is going to ruin,
I and there is not a dollar to be given for its repair.
; Come down, then, to Fort Gratiot. There is not
| a dollar appropriated for it. Probably there will
; not be.
! Mr. HARLAN. And there ought not to be.
; Mr. GIIDDINGS, Very well. There is Fort
j Detroit, not a dollar is appropriated towards its
i repair. Let us come next to Fort Maumee, in
■ Ohio, which was occupied at the peace of 1783.
• There it stands with its gloomy walls. There is
; not a dollar to keep it in repair. There is Fort
, Meigs, where so much blood was shed during
J the late war. The bill does not appropriate one
i dollar for that fort.
A Member. And there ought not to be.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not undertake to say
about that.
Mr. QUITMAN. I call the gentleman to
order. It is not in order to discuss the whole
system of fortifications on a motion to increase
a particular item.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am showing the import-
ance of having at least one efficient fort for de-
fense on the northern frontier. For the two
thousand miles of coast on that frontier let us
have at least one fort. We do not want more
than that. Indeed, we do not want that. [Laugh-
ter.]
| Mr. CAMPBELL, My colleague says that
' this is the only fort on the northern frontier. I
! do not think it is necessary that we should have
I any there. I have various reasons for so think-
ing. In the first place, let me say that I do not
believe many years will elapse before the British
North American provinces will form an integral
part of this Union. I, therefore, do not see the
necessity of large expenditures for the construc-
tion of forts along the southern shore of the
lakes. There is nothing of a threatening charac-
ter in that region. It was but a year or two ago
that we passed an act for reciprocal trade between
Canada and this country. We are upon terms of
perfcct friendship there, and we might as well pro-
vide an appropriation of money to build up the old
Indian fortifications in my district, upon whtfch
trees are now standing which have-been growing
for centuries, as to talk about expenditures to
build up fortifications upon the northern lakes.
It is time that a reform was begun upon this sub-
ject. The Committee ©f Ways and Means have
acted upon the reason that there was no over-
