1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
elections, there were omissions or defects on the
face of the returns, showing that the judges ap-
pointed by Governor Reeder would not certify
and verify the certificates by their oaths, that
they were all legal voters when such was not the
fact. This accounts for the coincidence that in
each case where there were protests or allegations
of fraudulent or illegal voting filed, there appeared
such defects or omissions on the face of the re-
turns made by the judges, as raised the presump-
tion that the allegations were in some degree true.
But it does not by any means follow, nor is it
the fact, as intimated, although not directly stated,
in the minority report, that the Governor did not ,
go behind the returns, but confined his action to j
the defects and omissions apparent on their face, j
The fact that the Governor did go behind the !
returns, and investigate the legality of the pro-
ceedings at the polls, is distinctly stated in the
report of the minority of the committee on cre-
dentials in the Kansas Legislature; and the evi-
dence of this fact is set forth in my report from
the Committee on Territories. Hence the inti-
mation in the minority report, that Governor
Reeder acted only upon what appeared on the face
of the returns, and did not decide upon the legal-
ity of the elections, is not only unsupported by
testimony, but expressly contradicted by the
record. Unwilling, however, to rely upon the
assumption, that seven out of eighteen constitute
" most of the districts," and that the Governor
did not venture to go behind the returns to in-
vestigate fraudulent voting, the minority report
proceeds to assign reasons why there were no
protests and allegations of illegal voting in the
other seven districts.
In continuation of what I last read, it says:
" In relation to others, covering, in all, a majority of the
two Houses, equally vicious in fact, but apparently good by
formal returns, tbe inhabitants thereof, borne down by said
violence and intimidation, scattered and discouraged, and
laboring under apprehensions of personal violence, re- i
frained and desisted from presenting any protest to the Gov-
ernor in relation thereto; and he then, uninformed in rela-
tion thereto, issued certificates to the members who ap-
peared by said formal returns to have been elected."
Here the statement is, that in the other eleven
districts, where there were no protests alleging
fraudulent voting—where no ten men could be
found to sign one—where no one man could be
found to swear to one—the people were so intim-
idated, and so thoroughly conquered and subju-
gated, that they dared not protest. Is this assump-
tion sustained or justified by the history of the
transaction ? What portion of the Territory was
reached by this influx of voters from Missouri?
How far did they penetrate ? What places formed
the principal theaters of their operations? Were
' they not Leavenworth and Lawrence, and the
precincts between them and in their vicinity?
Vet at those very places, where the largest num-
ber of illegal votes were polled—where the scenes
of violence and intimidation are chiefly located—
protests were filed, and allegations of fraudulent
voting made, and the elections set aside, and new
elections ordered by the Governor, upon the
ground that, in those seven districts, there was
reason to apprehend that the voice of the bona tide
inhabitants and legal voters of the Territory had
not been freely and fairly expressed at the elec-
tions. If at Lawrence, and Leavenworth, and
those points where it is alleged that the invaders
made their most^ffectual efforts, the people were
not intimidated, and, through fear, prevented from
protesting against these lawless proceedings and
contesting the elections in consequence of them,
what reason is there to suppose that the people
were so completely conquered and subjugated
that they dare not protest against their wrongs,
and petition for redress of their grievances, in
other districts remote from the scenes of trouble,
to which the intruders did not penetrate to any
.considerable numbers, if at all, and where the
Governor did not learn that there had been any
unfairness in the elections until he was removed
from office by the President—more than four
months afterwards? The minority report says
that the Governor, being "■ uninformed in rela-
tion thereto, issued certificates to the members who
appeared, by said formal returns, to have been
elected." The inference is, that if the Governor
had been informed in relation to this pretended
invasion into those eleven districts, he would not
have issued the certificates.
From this it appears that the Governor did con-
sider himself authorized to go behind the "said
formal returns" and investigate the legal qualifi-
cations of the voters and the fairness of the pro-
ceedings; and that he would have done so in
those eleven districts had he known or been in-
formed that the alleged invasion had extended
from the other seven districts into those eleven.
But, unfortunately, the Governor was " unin-
formed in relation thereto" at the time he can-
vassed the votes and issued the certificates! Cer-
tainly the communication was not cut off between
the Governor and those districts. The highways
were open; people were allowed to pass and re-
pass; for we are informed that the returns had at
that time been duly made to the Governor by the
judges of the election in every one of those dis-
tricts. How and by whom were the " said formal
returns" duly made? The Governor's procla-
mation under which the election was held ex-
pressly provided that " one copy of the oath, list
of voters, tally list, and return, shall be taken by
one of the judges, who shall deliver the same in per-
son to the Governor." According to the minority
report, the judges whom Governor Reederselected
to conduct the election saw " large bodies of
armed men from the State of Missouri" appear
at the polls in most of the districts; saw them
" overawe the defenseless inhabitants, and by
their own votes elect a large majority of the mem-
bers of both Houses ef said Assembly" (the Le-
gislature;) saw the inhabitants " borne down by
said violence and intimidation;" and that, after
witnessing all these appalling scenes, these same
judges wrote out and signed a return, in which
they stated that th'e election had been fairly and
honestly conducted, and that the said return con-
tained a true statement of the votes " polled by
lawful voters;" and that these judges then veri-
fied the truth of the return by their own oaths,
and thpn delivered the same to the Governor in
perscn, without communicating to him the fact
that the Territory had been thuasu invaded; and
that the Governor, being " uninformed in relation
thereto," issued the certificates to the men thus
fraudulently elected, under the supposition that
the elections had been fairly and Honestly con-
ducted in all of those eleven districts. The Sen-
ate and the country are asked to believe this
incredible story, on the authority of the minority,
signed by one member of the committee out of
six, unsupported by a single fact, and without a
particle of evidence to sjustain it or impart plaus-
ibility to it. Before Governor Reeder can believe
the story, he must convict each one of the judges
whom he selected and appointed to conduct the
election of perjury in swearing to the truth of
the returns. Were not the judges honest and
impartial men ? Did not Governor Reeder believe
them to be such when he appointed them ? When
did he first make the discovery that each one of
them had betrayed his trust and violated his
oath? Is it not amazing that, in the selection of
thirty-three men to conduct the elections in those
eleven districts, the Governor should not have
been able to find one honest man, who feared God
and loved his country enough to refrain from
committing peijury by swearing to false returns,
and inform the Governor that his own Territory
ha'd been overrun and subjugated, and its elec-
tions controlled, by an invading army from a for-
eign State, and that the people were so much
intimidated and frightened that they dare not pro-
test against the outrage, or petition for the redress
of their grievances, or even tell their own chief
magistrate how great a calamity had befallen
them while he remained wholly " uninformed in
relation thereto?"
Kansas conquered and subjugated, and without
theknowledge of the Governor! The polls seized
an(l elections controlled by large ladies of armed
men from Missouri, and the judgWConcealed the
fact from the Governor who appointed them!
The people, " borne down by said violence and
intimidation," " scattered and discouraged," and
filled with " apprehensions of personal violence "
to such an extent that they did not dare to whis-
per into the ears of their favorite, but " unin-
formed," Governor the sad tale of their over-
whelming calamities! How long did this reign of
terror last ? When did Governor Reeder become
"informed in relation thereto ?" How,when,by
whom, and on what evidence, were these startling
facts brought to the knowledge of his Excellency ?
If he did not know the facts on the 5th of April,
when he issued the certificates of election, had he
ascertained them on the 17th of the same month,
when he published his proclamation commanding
each one of these " fraudulent members " to as-
semble and organize "a spurious Legislature " at
Pawnee City, on the 2d day of July? Had he
j become informed of the facts when, more than
| three months after the election, he sent his first
j message to this " spurious Legislature " and in-
i voiced the richest blessings of Divine Providence
.upon them while engaged in the performance of
! their high and patriotic duties ? Had he heard of
the alarming fact that " Kansas had been con-
quered," when he recommended to the Legisla-
ture, thus elected and organized, to pass laws for
the government of the people of Kansas upon
the subject of education, and revenue, and tax-
ation, and courts, and elections, and the militia,
and, in short, upon all rightful subjects of legis-
lation? Had he heard of the " conquest " when
he vetoed the act of the Legislature removing the
scat of government temporarily from Pawnee
City, and assigned, among other reasons, that it
would occasion " a loss of time, the more valua-
ble because their sessions were limited by the
organic law of the Territory?" Who can con-
ceive the extent of the evils resulting from the
loss of ten days' time by a spurious Legislature,
which was forced on the people by an invading
army from a foreign State? Was he "unin-
formed " of the facts when, on the 21st of July,
he dissolved his official relations with the Legis-
lature solely upon the ground that they were assembled
at the wrong place, and reminded them that if " our
Territory shall derive no fruits from the meeting
of the present Legislative Assembly," he had
called their attention to the point that they had no
right to adjourn their session from Pawnee City
to Shawnee Mission? If " our Territory shall
derive no fruits from the meeting of the present
, Legislature," says the Governor, " the respons-
j ibility rests not on*the Executive." . What
" fruits" did he desire the Territory to derive
from the spurious Legislature? The Governor
j must have been " uninformed" in relation to the
j alleged invasion when he uttered these lamenta-
tions over the loss of the fruits which he expected
the Territory to gather from the action of this
Legislature* Had he become " informed in rela-
tion thereto" when, on the 16th of August, he
addressed his last communication " to the hon-
orable the members op the council and house
op Representatives of the Territory of Kan-
sas," notifying them of his removal from the
office of Governor by the President of the United
States? In that communication, which was his
last official act as Governor of the Territory^ he
repeated the opinion'expressed in his message of
the 21st of July, " that I was unable to convince
myself of the legality of your session at this place,
for the reasons then given." The '' reasons then
given" were that the Legislature was in session
at the wrong place—to wit: at Shawnee Mission
instead of Pawnee City. These were the only
reasons which he ever assigned for believing that
the acts of that Legislature were not valid and
binding on the people of Kansas. Up to that
period of time—which was nearly five months
after the alleged conquest—it does not appear that
Governor Reeder had ever conceived the idea that
the two Houses of the Legislature had not been
fairly and honestly elected by the lawful voters
and actual inhabitants of the Territory. Was he
at this time " uninformed" in relation to the con-
quest of the Territory five months previous by an
invading army? Had he never heard, during all
that time, that the " Territory had been overrun
by large bodies of armed men from Missouri;"
that "Kansas had been subjugated;" that " the
inhabitants had been borne down by violence and
intimidation;" that terror reigned everywhere in
the Territory; and that the people were so much
alarmed that they dare not tell the horrible tale
of their multiplied wrongs ? In fairness and jus-
tice to Governor Reeder, we are bound to believe
that during the whole of that period he had never
heard a whisper of any of these things, otherwise
he would have taken prompt and energetic steps
" to see that the laws were faithfully executed!"
