284
APPENDIX TOTHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 20,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Katisas—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
Having remained " uninformed" in relation to
the invasion for five months after it is alleged to
have happened, it becomes important to know
when, how, from whom, and upon what evidence,
he subsequently learned the great fact that Kansas
had been conquered. My colleague [Mr. Trum-
bull] says:
" The great fact remains, and is not met by the report,
that the people of Kansas have been conquered, as the Gov-
ernor himself once said, and a Legislature lias been imposed
on them by violence."
Thus we find that the Governor is the authority
cited and relied upon to prove this " great fact. '
How does he know it? We have already seen-
that he did not witness it; that he has no personal
knowledge upon the subject; that he never heard
of it for five months after it happened ! Who
informed him? Where is the testimony upon
which his statement is founded ? It is not to be
found in the minority report. It was not commu-
nicatcd to the Committee on Territories. It does
not exist in any authentic form or in any form
except the naked, unsupported statement in my
colleague's speech. He says that this "great
fact remains, and is not met by the report " of the
Committee on Territories, but, on the contrary,
is " demurred toand thereby admitted." Permit
me to tell my colleague that this great fact is met
in the report, and denied, and disproved incon-
trovertibly by the public records and official
acts and messages of the same Governor upon
whose vague and unsupported allegation he now
ventures to make the charge. Governor Reeder
cannot make such a statement without stultifying
himself! He is not a competent witness to im-
peach the public records of his own official acts
by averring the existence of a state of facts of i
which he has no personal knowledge, and in re-
gard to which he is admitted to have remained i
" uninformed " for nearly five months after they 1
are alleged to have occurred. This unsatisfactory ;
and unreliable statement, which has been attrib-!
uted to the Governor for the purpose of proving
that "the people of Kansas were conquered,"
and " a Legislature imposed upon them by vio-
lence," can receive no additional force or credit
in consequence of having been indorsed by my
colleague, [Mr. Trumbull,] and the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] and the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] and the author
of the minority report, [Mr. Collamer,] and
other champions of the Black Republican party.
They have no personal knowledge of the facts,
and nave no moral right to manufacture testimony
for political purposes by indorsing unfounded
Btatementl, the truth of which is disproved by
all the evidence before the committee.
But, sir, since the Opposition have determined
to rest their whole case upoii the assumption that
Kansas was conquered,and that a Legislature was
forced on the people by violence, I desire to fol-
low the history of the transaction into the Legis-
lature of the Territory, and sue what position each
party there assumed, and what proceedings were
nad. Immediately after the organization of the
two Houses and the reception of the Governor's
message, a resolution was adopted by the House
of Representatives authorizing any person who
desired to do so to contest the right of any mem-
ber holding a seat in that body, upon giving notice
to the sitting member. This resolution was a
direct invitation to all men who believed that
Kansas had been conquered, or that there had
been fraud and violence in the elections, orthat
the result had been controlled by illegal votes, to
come forward and state the facts, ana prove their
allegations.
If it were true, as alleged in the minority re-
port, that the people had been intimidated and
deterred from filing protests and making proof to
the Governor on tjie 5th of April, one would sup-
pose that sufficient time had elapsed to enable
them to recover from their fright, and induce them
to appear before the Legislature and vindicate
their rights. That they were not deterred from
appearing by apprehensions of personal violence
is apparent from the fact that the seats of several
members were contested, a committee appointed,
testimony received, and two reports made to the
House—one signed by four and the other by one
member of the committee. The majority report
that, " HAVING HEARD AND EXAMINED ALL
the evidence touching tiie matter of inquiry
before them," they find that the seats of fifteen
of the twenty-two members who were present
remain uncontested, no person appearing to deny
! or question the fairness of their elections, or the
I regularity and truthfulness of the returns. Hence
| these' fifteen representatives were permitted to re-
l tain their seats by unanimous consent; no one of
i the seven Free-Soil members who then held seats
in the House interposing any objection to any one
of those fifteen members. Thus it appears from
the official records and journals that it was uni-
versally conceded at that time by men of all par-
ties that a majority of the members of the Legis-
lature had been fairly and duly elected by the
legal voters of the Territory. That majority,
thus elected, constituted a legal quorum of both
Houses, according to the organic act of the Ter-
ritory. It does not appear that there was any
pretense at that time that Kansas had been con-
quered, and that a Legislature had been imposed
on the people by violence. The contest was con-
fined to the seven disputed districts, both parties
admitting and conceding that the elections and
returns had been fairly and legally held and reg-
ularly made in the other eleven districts. The
Free-Soil members of the Legislature contended
that Governor Reeder had decided fairly and cor-
rectly when he awarded, on the 5th of April, cer-
tificates to the seventeen members whom he ad-
judged to have been duly elected, and set aside
the returns and ordered new elections for the
other nine representatives; and that the Governor's
decision icas final and conclusive in respect to
the right of every member holding his certificate to
retain his seat.
The minority report of the committee on cre-
i dentials in the Legislature argued at length to
1 prove that the Legislature could not go behind
i the Governor's certificate, and inquire into the
fairness and legality of the election, or whether
there had been a previous election, or any other
| matter or thing which would invalidate the right
, of the sitting member under the Governor's cer-
j tificate. When the House overruled this posi-
i tion, and vacated the seats of those members who
j claimed under the second election held on the
j 24th of May, four of them signed a protest against
! the decision, and had it spread on the Journal. In
that protest they did not pretend that the Legis-
lature was a spurious body, imposed on the peo- i
pie of Kansas by violence; they did not pretend
that, outside of the seven disputed districts, any i
members had been elected by illegal votes; they
did not question the fact that a large majority of
the members in each house had been fairly elected
by lawful votes. The only point they made was,
! that the certificate of the Governor was conclu-
j sive evidence of their right to their seats, and that,
j for that reason, the Legislature had no authority ,
to turn them out! Like the Governor^ they had 1
never heard that Kansas had been conquered,
| that terror reigned, that the inhabitants were scat- ;
tered and discouraged, and that the people were
so much alarmed that they dare not tell the sad
tale of their wrongs V Although, according to the
speech of my colleague and the minority report,
these wild and terrific scenes had prevailed in
every portion of the Territory for more than three
long months, and, although consternation and
alarm filled every breast and silenced every tongue,
all the Free-Soil members of the Legislature,
together with the Governor, remained wholly
" uninformed in relation thereto," not dreaming of
the crimes that had been perpetrated and the
wrongs that had been endured until several days
after they were all turned out of office!
No sooner were their offices gone than they
were aroused from their fatal lethargy and false
security. Floods of light poured in upon their
unconscious *§nds; their eyes were opened, and !
their hearts swelled with patriotic indignation,
when, for the first time, they discovered that four
months previous " Kansas had been conquered;" ,
that " a Legislature had been forced upon the
people by violence;" that the " inhabitants were
scattered and discouraged," and so thoroughly
subdued that they dare not assert their rights or
proclaim their wrongs! The time had now ar-
rived for brave men, with strong arms and stout
hearts, and patriotic purposes, to "step forward
and rescue their beloved Territory from the
oppressors'grasp! Hence, notices were prompt-
ly printed and scattered in every direction, over
the signature of "Many Voters," calling upon
the people to assemble in mass meeting at the
city of Lawrence, on the 14th of August, to take
into consideration their perilous and oppressed
condition ! This was the first movement in that
series of acts which resulted in the attempt to put
in operation a State government in hostility to
the territorial government established by Con-
gress, and in defiance of the Federal authorities !
Upon this point the minority report discourses as
follows:
"The people of Kansas, thus invaded, subdued, oppressed,
and insulted, seeing their territorial government (sucli
only inform) perverted into an engine toeni4i them in the
dust, and to defeat and destroy the professed object of their
organic law, by depriving them of the 'perfect freedom'
therein provided; and finding no ground to hope for rights
in that organization, they proceeded, under the guarantee
of the United States Constitution, 'peaceably to assemble
to petition the Government for the redress of (tlieir) griev-
ances.' They saw no earthly source of relief but in the
formation of a State government by the people, and the
acceptance and ratification thereof by Congress."
Now, is it true that they assembled under that
clause of the Constitution which authorizes citi-
zens peaceably to assemble and petition the Gov-
ernment for redress of grievances ? Is it true that
they ever professed to assemble for any such
purpose ? Is any such purpose expressed in any
resolution, address, proclamation, or any other
publication emanating from any of their meetings
and conventions? It cannot be found in the
proceedings of the Lawrence meeting, nor of tho
Big Springs convention, nor of the first conven-
tion at Topelca, nor of the second convention
atTopeka, which formed their constitution, nor
; anywhere else except in the minority report of
t the Committee o.n Territories. I will explain to
j the Senate when and where this idea originated
; of justifying the revolutionary movements in
Kansas, under that clause of the Constitution of
the United States which secures to the people
the right "peaceably to assemble to petition the
Government for redress of grievances." The
Committee on Territories, in investigating this
subject, had occasion to look into the opinion of
Mr. Attorney General B. F. Butler, in the Ark-
ansas case, in which it was held, that, while the
inhabitants of a Territory had no right to take
any step or do any act designed or calculated to
subvert or supersede the existing territorial gov-
ernment, without the previous assent and author-
ity of Congress, yet they might, under that clause
of the Constitution relating to the "redressed
grievances," peaceably assemble and sign a peti-
j tion, and accompany it with a written constitu-
j tion as a part of their petition, for authority to'
form a State government; "provided, always, that
such measures be commenced and prosecuted in a
peaceable manner, in strict subordination to the
existing territorial government, and in entire
subserviency to the power of Congress to adopt, reject,
or disregard them, at their pleasure." The fertile
genius of the author of the minority report dis-
covered that a plausible excuse for the revolu-
tionists in Kansas could be derived from one
portion of this opinion of Attorney General Butler,
by making them assume the loyal devotion of
humble petitioners for the redress of grievances,
while concealing the fact that the whole move-
ment has been prosecuted thtyj far in open defi-
ance of the authority of Congress, for the avowed
purpose of subverting the existing territorial gov-
ernment. Whether the daring and defiant revo-
lutionists of Kansas will consent to be thus
transformed by the single stroke of the pen into
humble and suppliant petitioners remains to be
seen. They will, doubtless, be amused, as well
as surprised, when they shall learn from the
minority report that they assembled only for the
purpose of petitioning for the redress of griev-
ances, and that all their proceedings were condi-
tional upon "the acceptance and ratification
thereof by Congress." Let us look into their
proceedings, and see whether this is a fair or
veritable statement ef their scope and design.
Their first meeting was held at Lawrence on the
14th of August, at which a preamble and resolu-
tion was adopted calling a convention at Topeka
on the J9th of September. The preamble was in
these words:
" Whereas the people of Kansas Territory have been
