1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1895
most heartily; but, inasmuch as it may be some
time before that may be accomplished, I hope the
committee and the House will adopt the amend-
ment I have proposed for the repairs of this for-
tification.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will simply say to my
friend from New York, that I hold in my hand
an amendment which I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer to the bill,
which embraces an appropriation of $200,000 for
general repairs. If his fortification has as much
merit as he pretends it has, of course the Secre-
tary of War will, in the exercise of a wise dis-
cretion, apply whatever portion of that $200,000
cis in his judgment may become necessary for
that point. It may be that the annexation of the
Canadas may be ascertained to be so remote as
to render a mere temporary expenditure there
desirable. I certainly would make no large ap-
propriations for permanent works of defense on
the coast of our northern lakes.
Mr. McCarty's amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move to amend the bill in
line fifty-two, by inserting the following:
For i epaits of Fort Niagara, at the mouth of the Niagara
nvei, ]\rcw Votk, ^0,000.
Mr. Chairman, I am surprised, on reading this
fortification bill, to find that no appropriation has
been made for Fort Niagara. I need not say to
the House that this is a work on which a large
amount has been expended. It is a foit, I pre-
sume, of as much strength as almost any fort in
the countiy. On turning to the report of the
Secretary of War, I see that there was an unex-
pended balance at that fort of about $6,000, which
it was estimated would be expended during the
fiscal year ending last June. There is, therefore,
now no fund out of which to keep that fort in
rep.in *, and hence I have offered this amendment.
I am informed, though not officially, to be sure,
that tins very moment something should be
expended onlhatwoik. The Government keeps
a furee stationed at that point, except when the
exi^cbcb.-s of the case require them to be em-
ployed m some other quarter. 1 do notconcur in
the opinion of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that this whole line of fortifi-
cations between ourselves and Great Britain should
be given up. I appeal to my colleagues here from
New York to look at this bill, and observe the en-
tire omission of any appropriations whatever for
this Niagara frontier. Why, sir, I need not say
tbatlhoJ frontier has been the sent of hostilities.
Kvery foot of soil there has been enriched by the
blood of contending armies. And if we have
difficulties with foreign Powers, especially with
Umit Britain, that coast is where the fiercest
blows will fall. It seems to me that, in asking
for tins little pittance for that important fort, no
objection can be made. The officers of the War
D'-parlment are responsible for its expenditure.
If it is not wanted, it will not be expended. I
submit, therefore, iliat it is only fair and proper
that 1 his item should be put in the bill.
Air. CAMPBELL. As 1 remarked a moment
ago, the Committee of Ways and Means have
instructed me to report an amendment by which
$200,000 will be appropriated for repairs of such
of the fortifications as ought to be kept up. I
did not say, as the gentleman has represented me
to have said, that we should abandon entirely the
line of fortifications on the northern lakes. My
remark was, that I did not believe the time was
far distant wh^n they would not be necessary.
Why. sir, with the relations now existing between
this Government and England, and especially be-
tween the people on our northern frontier and
the Cenadas, it is very improbable that there will
be nny occasion for fortifications there.
Air. GIDDLNGS. I want to know of my col-
league if there is any more prospect of our an-
nexing Canada than of our annexing France
and Europe generally ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. If it were left to the gen-
tleman's constituents, or mine, they would vote
for nnnexatjon at once; and I have no doubt that
my colleague himself is in favor of it, for he
voted for "the resolution introduced by me at a
former session of Congress on the subject. But,
Mr. Chairman, provision has been made by
w luch those fortifications which are worthy of it
Will be repaired; and if there is a necessity for
the expenditure uf ^5,000 at Fort iNiagara it wiil
be appropriated out of the $900,000 for general
repairs.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I move to increase the
appropriation $500; and I do so for the purpose
of submitting' a few remarks on this point. I
desire to say, m answer to the gentleman from
Ohio, who is at the head of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that if his argument is a good
one, why were appropriations made in particular
cases for the repair of forts? He says that the
committee comes forward with an appropriation
of $200,000 to cover these appropriations; yet
we read in the bill as follows:
For repairs of Castle Pmcknev, Chaileston haibor,
$10,000.
For lepmrs of Fort Jackson, Savannah river, $14,000.
For lepairs of Fort Moigan, mouth of Mobile buy, Ala-
bama, £-2.1,000.
For repairs and extension of Fort St. Philip, Mississippi
river, $30,000.
If the appropriation of §200,000 is to cover all
cases of repair, why, then, the introduction into
the bill of these items for repair of particular
forts ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I must insist on the gen-
tleman discussing the merits of his amendment.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I am answering the gen- ■
tleman's argument. The gentleman "held that
there was no necessity for the amendment, be-
cause the repairs would be provided for under the
$200,000 appropriation. If that be so, \hcn we
ought to strike out all these specific appropriations
for repairs that are ill the bill now.
Mr. HOUSTON. In all estimates for repnirs
of fortifications and other public works of a like
character, it is customary, where the Department
knows precisely what the repairs will cost, to
make a specific appropriation. But wheie it is
feared that estimates for repairs and improve-
ments will not reach the Depaitment in time, it
is usual to put in the bill agross appropriation of
the sort spoken of, to enable the Department to
meet the cases which would otherwise be unpro-
vided for.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I understand the gentle-
man's point. But in the case of Fort Ontario,
near Oswego, it has been said that there is a pre-
cise estimate. The reply was, that it was covered
by the $200,000 appropriation, and the amend-
ment was voted down. We ask $.>,000 for Niaga-
ra. The bill does not contain an appiopi iation
for the defense of any part of the coast from Lake
Champlain to Ohio; not a dollar. A million of
dollars is appropriated for the defense of the Stales
north of Mason and Dixon's line, while not more
than $250,000 is appropriated for the defense of
the States north of that line. All we ask is, that
$5,000 be appropriated for the preservation and
repair of Fort Niagara. I submit to the com-
mittee, that New York ought to have some little
respect paid to it, and especially when she has
the exposed frontier to which i hnve referred.
But the gentleman says that we need not have any
fear from attack in case of war on that frontier.
He knows perfectly well, that within the past
three months immense sums of money have been
expended by a foreign Power m the transmission
, ofmilitarystoresandm.cn to the coast on the lakes
! opposite to our own. In ensc of war New York
would have to go to Ohio to defend her coast.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We do not ask that.
Mr. WAKEMAN. Nothing has been done for
us; and we only ask for this $5,000 for the repair
of Fort Niagara.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman says that
we have done nothing for New York.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I said for the northern
frontier.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman knows
I very well that it was but a few moments ago that
• I introduced, from the Committee of Ways and
| Means,an appropriation of $150,000 to purchase
j lands on Statcn Island. ^
| Mr. WAKEMAN. E confined my remarks to
I the frontier, extending from Lake Champlain to
! the State of Ohio.
: Mr. CAMPBELL. We have not asked a
j dollar for Ohio. We do not intend to ask a dol-
; lar. New York will have enough to do to protect
i herself, without attempting to protect others^
| When we become supplicants for the favor of
t New York in that regard, we will let them know,
i I point the committee to the fact, that not a dollar
' is asked for Ohio. On the contrary, Aew \ork
I is vociferous in its demands ior a little money to
help it to protect its frontiers. How much do
they want? Only the small sum of $5,000, to
repair Fort Niagara.
I have already stated to the committee that
ample provision has been, or will be, made, if
gentlemen will have a little patience until we
reach that part of the bill, for repairs of fortifica-
tions demanded by the necessities of the country.
Further than that the Committee of Ways and
Means havenot feltthemselves constrained to go.
Further than that I will not go let the consequen-
ces be_ what they may, I take the responsibility
of saying that there is no necessity for this specific
appropriation which gentlemen are seeking, pro-
vision having been made m a general item for all
necessary and required repairs.
Mr. WAKEMAN, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for tellers on the
amendment of the gentleman from New York.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Flagler.
and Underwood were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 63, noes 62.
The Chairman voted in the negative, and the
amendment was rejected.
The following clause being under consideration:
Tot eout in-ient expenses- of fortifications not herein men-
tioned, the pi enervation ot '-ne*, the pioteetion of titles, and
lepuns of sudden damage's to tort>, <^o(>,300—
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to amend
the same, so as to make it read:
For conimircnt evpenses of fortifications not herein
mentioned. including repairs and alterations of barracks,
qu.ufi't:-, hospitals, store-iooms, wells, fences, sea-walls,
and oihi'i •similar repairs, the preservation of sites, the
protection of tales, and repairs of sudden damages of forts,
.^2tW,000.
Mr. McCARTY. I would ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means what
proportion, according to the principle of distri-
bution contained in this bill, Lake Ontario would
get?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have not the control of
that branch of the public service, and therefore I
cannot inform the gentleman.
Mr. McCARTY. I suppose about five shil-
lings.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I suppose it will get its
just share.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the bill be
laid aside to be reported to the House.
Mr. STANTON. I desire, before that motion
is put, to make another amendment.. I move to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill. I want
to have a test vote in this committee, as to
whether they will sanction this kind of legislation
or not. In the first place, I hoid that all these
fortifications are unnecessary, and uncatfed for;
and that a nation that cannot protect itself with-
out wooden walls, and stone walls, cannot suc-
cessfully defend itself by the use of them. There
arc now other instrumentalities for defense, and
means for the concentration of troops upon points
liable to attack, which will enable the country to
center its forces in three days upon any threat-
ened point.
Mr. M1LLSON. 1 rise to a question of order—
a great and important question decided iir the last
Congress, and which 1 want to sec decided by
the present Congress. I raise the point of order,
that it is not competent for the Committee of the
Whole to strike out the enacting clause of this
bill, the committee having had the bill referred to
it by the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. MLLLSON. There was an appeal taken
from the decision of the Chair during the last
Congress. I voted then to overrule the decision
of the Chair in a memorable case. I submit the
same question now; and, wishing to see if there
is consistency left, I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to under-
stand how the question stands. Is it a motionto
strike out the enacting clause, or is it that the
committee recommend the House to strike it out?
Striking it out is defeating the bill; and the com-
mittee have no right to defeat the bill. If it 3S.a
recommendation that the House strike it out, it
• is in order. . - ,
The CHAIRMAN. A11 the action of the com-
: mittee is but a recommendation to the House.
