1022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
but I trust the Senate will take a vote on this bill
now, and let it be disposed of.
Several Senators. Let us take the vote.
Mr. FOOT. I had designed to reply to the
Senator from Pennsylvania, but 1 am ready for a
vote.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the Chair will put the question on this bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committeq^of
the Whole were concurred in.
On the question," Shall the bill be engrossed for
a third reading?" Mr. CLAY called for the yeas
and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. MASON, m the Senate will permit me to
occupy one minute—certainly not more than two
—as the yeas and nays have been called for, I
wish to say a word on this claim. The case is
simply this: At the last session of Congress the
Committee on Foreign Relations reported a pro-
vision to give extra compensation to Mr. Schene.k,
of Ohio, and Mr. Pendleton, of Virginia, to allow
them, I think, twenty-five dollars a day while
they were absent upon a special mission in South
America. The Senate of the United States, at
the instance of the Senator from Georgia, over-
ruled the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
gave to each of them an outfit of $9,000 for each
mission to which they had been sent. At the
same session, and at the same time, the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations offered a proposition
to give to Mr. Marsh the sum of $4,500 for this
extra mission to Greece. The Senate then, on
the motion of the Senator from Vermont, over-
ruled the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
agreed to give him $9,000. It was lost in the
House in some way; but this was the action of
the Senate at the last session.
I have asked permission to make this state-
ment, in order that we may, if we can, have uni-
formity in the system of compensation to foreign
ministers. I voted against it at the last session,
because I thought it was too much; but the Sen-
ate overruled me, and.overruled the committee.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 27, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Hell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin. 1J) tghr, Brown, Coll.imer, Cnttcmtcn,
Douglas, Duikre, Fish, Foot, Foster, Hamlin, Italian, Mal-
Jory, Pratt, Push, Seward, Stuart, funnier, Toombs, Trum-
bull, Wade, Weiler, Wilson, and Wright,—
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bijrgs, Iligler, Ilrodhead, Clay,
Evans, Fit/.patriek, Iverson, Johnson, Jones ot Tennessee,
Reid, and Toucey—IS.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was read the third time, and passed.
HANNAH F. NILES.
The PRESIDENT. The first bill in order is
the bill (S. No. ifiO) for the relief of Hannah F.
Niles.
Mr. BROWN. I move to postpone all private
bills which stand on the Calendar before the Dis-
trict of Columbia business. I do this in pursu-
ance of the general understanding which was had
during the early part of the week, that this day
should be devoted to the consideration of the Dis-
trict business after the bill for the relief of Mr.
Marsh should be disposed of.
Mr. FOSTER. If the Senator from Missis-
sippi will give way for the bill which has been
called by the Chair, I think it will not occupy
long. It was passed over last week.
Mr. BROWN. I should like to accommodate
my friend from Connection t, but if I do so I shall be
obliged to give way to others, and we shall lose
the whole day.
Mr. FOSTER. This was postponed last week
in consequence of my absence.
Mr. BllOWN. Will it give rise to debate?
Mr. FOSTER. I think not.
Mf. BROWN. Then I withdraw my motion.
The bill was read the second time, and consid-
ered as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct that tl^ere be paid to Han-
5? aaa or 10 h°r legal representatives,
$4,000 in consideration of the meritorious services
of hei father, Captain Robert Niles, durin0* the
war of the Revolution. °
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to know the
principle on which this donation of $3,000 is
founded. If there be a report in the case I should
like to hear it read.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
" The Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom was
referred the petition of Hannah F. Niles, asking compen-
sation for tbe services of her father, Captain Robert Niles,
in the war of the .Revolution, having had the same under
consideration, do now leport:
" That the facts set forth in said petition are so sustained
by affidavits, documentary evidence, and the history of the
times, as to leave in the minds of the committee no doubt
of their truth. The committee find that Captain Niles was
in the service from about the time that hostilities commenced
between Great Britain and the Colonies till the close of the
war. His commission as captain of the schooner Spy, an
armed vessel, to the command of which he was ordered at
the same tunc, is dated August 7,1775. From that time till
hostiILties%eased, Captain Niles was actively engaged, and
rendered most efficient and valuable services. He had the
command of different armed vessels at different times, and
captured a number of valuable prizes, thus furnishing pro-
visions and stores for our army in times of great need. His
usual cruising ground was along the coast, between New
England and the capes of Virginia, and dunngsome portion
ot the war he was under the orders of Commodore Hopkins,
and attached to his little fleet, which then composed tbe
Navy of the country.
" Among the acts of service rendered by Captain Niles,
to which the committee would call particular attention, was
the carrying out to France, in the summer of 1778, the offi-
cial ratification of the treaty between that Government and
the United States. This service was one of great import-
ance, and the execution of it was deemed to be attended
with so much peril, that three different vessels were dis-
patched, each furnished with a copy of the ratified treaty.
Of these thiee vessels, the one commanded by Captain
Niles was the only one that escaped the vigilance of the
enemy's cruisers; both of the others were captured, but he
amved in safety, after a passage of twenty-seven days, and
delivered the ratified treaty. The French fleet, which was
lying m the harbor of Brest, awaiting the news of the rati-
fication of the treaty, was forthwith ordered to sail for the
United States, and brought succor to our shores. On his
homeward passage, Captain Niles was captured by an Eng-
lish frigate, and carried first into the Island of Guernsey,
and from thence to England, where he was detained about
six months as a prisoner of war, after which he was ex-
changed, and returned home. lie continued in the service
till the peace, and died m the year 1818.
"The services of Captain Niles, in regard both to their
continuance and their impoitance, give to them, in the
judgment of the committee, a character which can be justly
claimed but m very few cases not provided for by some
general law. Your committee think that relief ought to be
granted, and that the petitioner, who i^ the only surviving
child and sole heir-at-law of Captain Niles, and in entirely
destitute circum tanoes, should leceivc five ycais' full pay
of a captain in the service. They therefore recommend the
passage of the btll herewith reported to effect that object."
Mr. TOOMBS. I am utterly opposed to the
passage of this bill. It is violative of a principle
which has been established from the time of the
Revolution until now. It is exceedingly danger-
ous in its tendency, and if agreed to it should be
made universal, and then it would cost millions
of dollars.
The commutation was a contract (a very bad
one at the time) entered into during; the Revolu-
tionary war, between the Government and cer-
tain officers who should continue in servicc until
the end of the war. Of those officers, this person
was not one, or he would have been included
within the provisions of the resolution of 1780. To
make a donation to the child of aperson because of
the most valuable revolutionary services, has been
at all times refused by Congress from the time of
the Revolution to this day. There were thou-
sands of men who fought through the war, and
who died leaving destitute children that are alive
now. There were many such men who shed
their blood in defense of the country, and who
rendered the most important services, for which
commutation has not been allowed. If you now
establish the principle that revolutionary services
of a parent shall entitle his child to a donation of
$3,000, $300,000,000 will not pay what it will cost
to extend the principle. It will impoverish the
Republic.
There is nothing special in this case. It ap-
pears that good and meritorious services were
rendered. I do not dispute them, but they were
not extraordinary. From the statement of the
report, doubtless this individual performed his
duty; he was a zealous and good friend of the
cause of his country, and served during the war;
but so did thousands of others who received
nothing on the face of the earth but eighty dollars
in bad continental money, besides their regular
pay. Their children may come here; there may
be hundreds of them standing before you in the
galleries, and upon this floor now. Many of
them I know, who received only that compensa-
tion for all their services. Is this to be an excep-
tionable case? Does it rest on principle? Why
not include the children of all the meritorious men
who fought in the Revolution, and let them be
pensioned upon the Government, or each receive
this large sum of $3,000? The' bill is against all
precedent; it is utterly dangerous, and ought not
to be tolerated. i
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. President, I am exceed-
ingly sorry that the honorable Senator from Geor-
f'a views this case in the light in which he does.
do not think, and cannot think, that his is a
correct and just view of the case.
So far as precedents are concerned, there cer-
tainly are precedents—some during the present
session—where the cases were not by any means
as strong as the present, where the Senate has
granted relief. I may allude to the bill which
was acted upon but a very short time since, for
the relief of Mrs. Linn. I am not disposed to
compare one meritorious case with another; I
simply allude to that case as one not so strong as
this. There are various others, if I mistake not,
which have already been passed during the pres-
ent session, and certainly at former sessions.
The principle has not the extent which the
honorable Senator seems to suppose—at least I
do not so understand it. Here is a case where
the person performing the service served during
the whole war, commencing even before the De'-
claration of Independence, and continuing until
the peacc. It is true that he did not come with in
the provisions of the resolve passed by the Con-
tinental Congress, but he certainly comes within
the equities of that resolve, and,my word for it,
there are very few cases where an officer comes
within the equities and the justice of that resolve
who does not come at the same time within its
letter and spirit.
That, it strikes my mind, is a sufficient differ-
ence between this case and those to whom the
honorable Senator has alluded. The Committee
on Revolutionary Claims thought—and they were
unanimous in the result to which they came—
this one of those cases entitled to relief. If we
were at liberty at all to go into the peculiar cir-
cumstances of the applicant, this petitioner is cer-
tainly in a condition to require all the aid which
we, £>y possibility, could grant. I am not dis-
posed, however, to press the claim onthat ground;
it was not so viewed by the committee. The com-
mittee, being full, with the exception of a single
member—and that member, I believe, in favor of
the bill—reported in favor of granting this relief,
and I cannot but hope that the Senate will ratify
their action.
Mr. TOIJCEY. X do not rise to detain the
Senate; but as this petitioner is one of my con-
stituents, I wish merely to say that I consider
this one of the most meritorious cases which
could be presented to Congress, and I believe that
the bill ought to pass.
Mr. TOOMBS. On the passage of the bill, I
must ask for the yeas and nays. I desire to test
the question whether the Senate of the United
States will establish the principle of this bill so
as to apply it to all meritorious cases. If we pay
one, all standing on the same footing should be
paid. I desire to know if this principle is to be
established in the legislation of the country. I
hope the Senate will indulge me by taking the
yeas and nays, and making a test of this claim,
so that others may come in for the same allow-
ance if this be passed.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I accord fully with
the general views and principles of the honorable
Senator from Georgia in relation to such claims
as those to which he has alluded. 1 agree with
him, that it will not do to establish a precedent
for a numerous class of revolutionary claims be-
yond those provided for by general legislation
heretofore. Yet our sympathies carry us away,
and are apt to lead us to establish a principle
which the treasury of no Government could bear.
The honorable Senator speaks of descendants of
revolutionary soldiers being present, perhaps in
the gallery. Sir, they are scattered all over the
country. There are many descendants of those
who performed services in the Revolution, who
were not very well distinguished, not very well
known to fame and history, but who are certainly
entitled to great consideration and great respect.
I know that the Government cannot make com-
pensation in all such cases; but there have been
repeatedly presented to the Senate, and to the
other liouse of Congress, cases which seemed to
justify an exceptional course of policy and action
on the part of Congress, and then a special allow-
ance has been made. I can call to mind now one
case—I do notknow whether the honorable Sen-
ator has any recollection of it—that of Colonel
Irvin, of Georgia, where an allowance was made
