1896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
Mr. MILLSON. I ask for tellers upon the
appeal.
Tellers v/ere not ordered.
The question was taken, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" and it was docided in the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. STANTON. I have never known any-
place to be successfully defended by fortifications,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tidn of order. I submit that the question is not
debatable, because the motion docs not propose
an amendment. It is not its purpose to amend
the bill. Debate is closed, and nothing is debata-
ble but an amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The 119th rule expressly
declares that, such a motion is not an amend-
ment. " A motion to strike out the enacting
words of a bill shall have precedence of a motion
to amend, and if carried, shall be considered
equivalent to its rejection." The Chair, there-
fore, rules that the motion is not debatable.
Mr. STANTON. I then withdraw the mo-
tion, and move to strike out all after the enacting
clause.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman desires
to occupy the time of the House, he can move to
amend the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I do not desire to move an
amendment which does not go to the whole bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not think
the gentleman can submit any motion on which
he can debate the whole bill.
Mr. STANTON. I will move to strike out
all between line ten and line twenty-five.
The CHAIRMAN. That portion of the bill
has been passed. The Chair, to save time, would
suggest to the gentleman from Ohio to move an
amendment to the bill, if he desire to speak upon
the bill.
Mr. STANTON. Then I move a proviso,
that no part of the money appropriated by the
bill shall be expended prior to the 1st of January,
1858.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know what has
become of the motion to strike out the enacting
clause?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion has been
withdrawn.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 was not aware of the motion
having been withdrawn, or I should have objected
to its withdrawal.
Mr. STANTON. I have said all 1 desire to
say about the general .policy of appropriations of j
money for fortificntioifs. 1 now desire to say  1
Mr. HORTOJV, of Ohio. My colleague has
stated that there are new instrumentalities which
render fortifications unnecessary, i desire to atk \
him what they are?
Mr. STANTON. They are railroads. Tiiey
enable you to concentrate a large force on any
given point within a very few days, and they
thereby supersede the necessity of concentrating
troops in forts, which would be otherwise required
to prevent the landing of an invading army. That
is all I have to say about that. But I have fur-
ther to say that, if any gentleman can explain to
me on what principle you are entitled to have for-
tifications at New York, and at Boston, and 
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order. The gentleman's amendment
is, that this money shall not be expended before
January, 1858. Now, I want him held to that
point.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from Ohio must confine himself to the
amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I will try to do so. Differ-
ences may arise between this time and January,
lo58f which would remove all the arguments I
am making. I am arguing on the present condi-
tion of things, and that on the 1st of January,
1858, this very state of things and this necessity
may exist. I am arguing that there is no present
necessity for this expenditure, and I am giving
the reasons why there is no present necessity
for it. '
I take it that the whole question of the merits
or demerits of these fortifications is included
■within the question of the time for the expendi-
ture under this bill, and I trust that 1 may be
regarded in order.
Mr. Chairman, what I have said was, that,
without saying anything about sections, there is
ten dollars appropriated South for one dollar that
is appropriated North. The point. I make here
now is this 
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to another question
of order. The first section of the bill specifies
when this money is to be expended. That por-
tion of the bill has been passed, so that no amend-
ment in respect to time is applicable at this point.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot rule
the amendment out upon the point of order. It
is a good objection to the amendment.
Mr. STANTON. What I wish to inquire
about is, what reason can be given—on what prin-
ciple is it claimed that fortifications shall be
erected for the defense of Boston, New York, and
Savannah, and none for Cleveland, Buffalo, and
Detroit ? Now, I take it for granted that inas-
much as the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means could not keep his face straight when
he was talking about the annexation of Canada,
nobody has any idea that there is anything in that
argument. Our history proves that the most ex-
posed part of the American frontier is the north-
ern frontier on the Canada line. There all the
hard fighting has been done. And now we from
the Northwest are asked to make appropriations
for the defense of Savannah, Florida, and all
along shore, and still not a dollar, with the single
exception of something for Lake Champlain, is
given for the two thousand miles of northern
frontier. Now, sir, inequality is injustice, and
this bill is unjust because it is unequal.
Mr. QUITMAN. If the gentleman from Ohio
will permit me, I will ask him whether it is not
altogether probable that,in case of war with the
Power whose possessions bound our northern
frontier, it would not be our policy to keep on
the lakes a stronger navy than that of Great Brit-
ain, and thus avoid the necessity of fortifications ?
Mr. ST ANTON. If that is the proposition
that is to be assumed, then the question is, Is the
fact so? How many war vessels have you got
on the northern lakes ? Not any. Was there
ever aproposition to construct one for that point ?
Is there any reason why you can make them any
faster now? None in the world, sir. Besides,
sir, the northern frontier is one as much exposed
to invasion by water as is the Atlantic frontier.
That is a point through which the whole of the
land armies would enter into this country; that
is where the rivers would he crossed; and that is
the point from which an invading army would
come.
Mr. MILLSON. It h really lamentable, sir,
that no question can engage the attention of this
House in which, one way or the other, the sec-
tional jealousies of evritlemen are not sure to be
aroused. We cannot t veil dispose of the ques-
tion of passing the usual bill for the fortifica-
tions of the country, but that immediately some
gentleman will scan the bill with remarkable care,
for the purpose of ascertaining how nrach money
is intended to be spent north, and how much is
intended to be spent south, of Mason and Dixon's
line. The gentleman from Ohio who has just
closed his address has made the remarkable state-
ment, that this bill proposes to appropriate ten
dollars for the South where but one dollar is in-
tended to be appropriated for the North; and the
gentleman from New York, who preceded him,
[Mr. Wakeman,] stated 
Mr. STANTON, (interrupting.) I hope the
gentleman from Virginia does not desire to do me
injustice about this. 1 did not desire to remark
about that at all. I said I waived any question
of inequality arising out of this bill.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman's statement
was, that this bill proposed to appropriate ton
dollars for the South for the one dollar that it pro-
posed to appropriate for the North; and the gen-
tleman from New York had previously stated
that tfie bill proposed to give upwards of one
million of dollars to the south of Mason and
Dixon's line, and only about two or three hun-
dred thousand dollars to the north. Now I state
to both these gentlemen that they certainly can-
not have examined this bill, or else they have
come to their conclusions under some strange
hallucination, for I find that the appropriations
which can be strictly considered as intended for
the benefit of the southern or slaveholding States,
including even the amount appropriated for re-
pairs, is but §783,000, while the appropriations
intended for the benefit of the northern States
amount to 8890,000. There is, then, a larger sum
proposed to be paid in this, bill for the benefit
of noii-slaveholding States than is intended to
be appropriated for the benefit of slaveholding
States.
Mr., WAKEMAN, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman allow me ? I can only say,Mr. Chair-
man, that the fact alleged by the gentleman from
Virginia is, I think, a misapprehension. If he
will look over the bill, he will find, 1 apprehend,
that over $1,000,000 is to be expended for the
South 
Mr. MILLSON. I have looked at the bill 
Mr. WAKEMAN. I desire further to say,
that I did not urge that as aground why I should
vote against the bill. I am as perfectly willing
to vote $1,000,000 for south of Mason and Dixon's
line, as I am to vote for appropriations north of
it.
Mr. MILLSON. I have placed the §150,000
for Fort Delaware with the northern appropria-
tions, which, I presume, the gentleman did not.
Mr. WAKEMAN. That would make only
$150,000 difference.
Mr. MILLSON. The transfer of that appro-
priation from one side to the other would make
$300,000 difference. But, as the gentleman from
New York has said, what is such an argument
worth? That argument is worth nothing. Gen-
tlemen themselves say they place no reliance on
it, although they complain that no appropriations
are made for the lake frontier. Now, sir, 1 have
examined this bill, and I think it is a very judi-
cious one. It is a very moderate bill. Upon
examination, 1 find that nearly all the appropria-
tions are intended not merely to secure the At-
lantic cities from foreign invasion, but mainly to
secure those points where the Government owns
a very large amount of valuable property. The
navy-yards at New York, at Philadelphia, at
Norfolk, and at Pensacola, and at other points
where a large amount of Government property
is accumulated, are the points designed to be pro-
tected by this bill.
Mr. Stanton's amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I now desire to make the
motion which 1 withdrew some minutes ago. I
move that the committee recommend that the en-
acting clause of the bill be stricken out.
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers upon the mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Florence
and Wakeman were appointed.
The question was taken ;and the tellers reported
ayes seventy-eight, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio I move that the
bill making appropriations for the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial expenses of the Government,
for the year ending June 30, 1857, be taken up
for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up.
Mr. CAMPBELL, I will say that this bill
was unanimously agreed upon by the Committee
of Ways and Means. There is no appropriation
in it, except for the purpose of carrying out ex-
isting laws, and for the ordinary contingencies of
these three dilFerent departments of the Govern-
ment. I hope the committee will consider this
bill to-day, and that they will consent to remain
in session after four o'clock.
The first reading of the bill was dispensed with.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the committee
do now rise, with a view to close debate on this
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the state
of the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the fortification appropriation bill,
and had directed Jam to report the same back,
with a recommendation that the enacting clause
be stricken out; and, also, that the committee had
had under consideration the legislative and exe-
cutive, and judicial appropriation bill, and had
come to no resolution hereon.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the previous
question on the fortification appropriation bill
