L836.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
Second, it was the "right" and "duty" of the
non-slsToholdinsr States to use the same means to
send men into Kansas for the purpose of becom-
ing voters, and controlling the elections and pro-
hibiting slavery.
Third, that each of these movements on the part
of the two sections of the Union was " equally
lawful and laudable"—was " highly praisewor-
thy and commendable"—and that "neitherwas
unlawful nor censurable," although " the nat-
ural, and perhaps unavoidable, consequence
of the nature of the experiment was to pro-
duce violence" bt " bringing into dangerous
contact and collision inflammable ele-
ments !"
Thus it appears that this line of policy is adopt-
ed and defended as a " praiseworthy and com-
mendable" rule of action, on the supposition that
its natural, if not unavoidable, consequence is to
produce violence. Is this the policy of the anti-
Nebraska men ? Is this the ground, upon which
niv colleague [Mr. Trumbull] pronounces the
minority report a " masterly " production ? Was
it in view of this position that the Senator from
Massachusetts [Air. Scmner] returned thanks to
its author for such an admirable document, and
that the Senator from Xew York [Air. Seward]
took upon himself the obligation to make good
all its positions ? Is it true that the author of the
minority report is prepared to defend a line of
policy which, according to his own acknowledg-
ment, leads naturally, and perhaps unavoidably,
to violence ? ]
Mr. COLLAMER. I did not say so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have shown that the lan-
guage used is susceptible of no other construc-
tion. The report defends the "right," and
serts the "duty," of the slaveholding States to
attempt to control the elections and establish sla-
very in Kansas. It also defends the " right,"
and asserts the " duty," of the free States to at-
tempt to control the elections and prohibit slavery
in the same Territory, and then says : I
"If violence bas taken place as the natural, and perhaps !
unavoidable, consequence of the nature of the experiment, i
bringing into dangerous contact and collision inflammable j
elements, it was the vice of a mistaken law, and imme-
diate measures should be taken by Congress to correct such
law." *
Here is a distinct acknowledgment that vio-
lence was the natural, if not unavoidable, conse- |
quence of that line of policy marked out and pur-
sued by the New England emigrant aid societies,
and the counter movements in the southern States,
which those societies brought into existence by
way of antagonism! The fact is admitted, cou-
pled with an excuse which explains the political
designs of the whole movement. If violence re-
sults from the action of the emigrant aid socie-
ties,- the fault is to be charged on the Nebraska
act, as "the vice of a mistaken law." What |
"vice" was there in the Nebraska act? The '
minority report answers the question. It turned
over the decision of the slavery question to the
inhabitants of Kansas. It contained the princi-
ple of self-government in obedience to the Con-
stitution. It left the people free to form and regu-
late their domestic institutions in their own way.
This was all the vice of a mistaken law! It |
banished the question of slavery agitation from
the Halls of Congress, and turned it over to the
people who were immediately interested in, re- 1
sponsible for, and had a right to control, the de-
cision of the question. If that great principle of
self-government, which the minority report calls
" the vice of a mistaken law," had been per-
mitted to have fair play in Kansas, as it dia in
Nebraska, there would have been no more trouble
or violence in the one than in the other.
In Nebraska, to which the emigrant aid so-
cieties did not extend their operations, and where
emigration and settlement were left to flow in
their natural channels, nothing has occurred to
disturb the peace and quiet of the Territory.
There this "vice of a mistaken law" produced
peace and harmony, instead of violence and con-
flict, as its natural, and perhaps unavoidable, con-
sequence. In Nebraska, where the principle of
self-government wy permitted to have fair play
under the provisions of the same "mistaken
law," but where " the experiment of bringing
into dangerous-contact and collision inflammable
elements,"the natural, and perhaps unavoidable,
consequence of which was violence, was not
deemed " highly praiseworthy and commenda-
ble"—where it was not considered a " right" and
a "duty" of the States in the two extreme
sections of the Union to attempt to control the
political destinies of a distant Territory, and
with that view to array all the inhabitants into
two great hostile parties, and force peaceable men
into the ranks of trie one or the other for protection
—where foreign interference has yielded to the
principle of non-intervention—the Kansas-Ne-
braska act has worked out its own vindication.
It has shown that, while violence is the natural,
and perhaps unavoidable, result of " the experi-
ment" attempted by the emigrant aid societies to
control the political destinies of the Territory by
foreign interference and a spurious system of
emigration, no such consequences do now from
the operation of the principle of self-government
when, in the language of the Nebraska act, the
"people are left perfectly free to form and
regulate their domestic institutions in their otcn way,
siibject only to the Constitution of the United States!"
Since, then, the " experiment" of foreign inter-
ference, by the confession of the minority report,
has produced violence and bloodshed as its natu-
ral, and perhaps unavoidable result, should not
the remedy be sought in the abandonment of the
experiment which caused the mischief, in re-
buking and restraining foreign interference and
false and fraudulent schemes for controlling the
elections by non-residents, and maintaining firmly
and impartially the true principles of non-inter-
vention, by giving fair play to the great principle
of self-government, in obedience to the Consti-
tution, as' provided in the organic law of the
Territory?
This brings us to the direct and distinct issue be-
tween the majority and minority reports—between
the supporters and the opponents of the princi-
ples involved in the Kansas-Nebraska act. The
one affirms the principles of non-intervention from
without, and self-government within, the Terri-
tories, in strict obedience to the Constitution of
the United States; while the other insists that the
domestic affairs and internal concerns of the Ter-
ritories may be controlled by associations and
corporations from abrodG, under the authority of
the Legislatures of the several States, or of Con-
gress, as they may be able to gain the political as-
cendency over the one or the other. In the prose-
cution of this line of policy, the opponents of the
principles involved in the Kansas-Nebraska act,
having failed to accomplish their purposes in the
Halls of Congress and under the forms of the Con-
stitution, immediately organized themselves into
an emigrant aid association in this city, and
through their friends and co-laborers obtained acts
of incorporation from the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts, with a capital of five millions of dollars in
I one instance and one million of dollars in another,
to enable them there to accomplish indirectly
what they had found themselves unable to do
by the action of Congress. With them it was a
great point gained, if, by an organized system of
foreign interference, under color of a legislative
enactment, they could draw after it a counter
movement in conflict with it, and thus produce
violence and bloodshed as " the natural, and
perhaps unavoidable, consequence of the experi-
ment," and charge the odium of the whole upon
the Nebraska bill and its supporters, as a fulfill-
ment of Jhe predictions which they had made and
were resolved should be realized as political
capital in the approaching presidential election.
They have succeeded by this system of foreign
interference in producing violence, and bloodshed,
and rebellion in Kansas; and it now only remains
to be seen whether the minority report shall be
equally successful in convincing the people that
" the natural, and perhaps unavoidable, conse-
quences" of their own action are justly charge-
able to •> the vice of a mistaken law," the princi-
ples and provisions of which were intended to be
outraged and brought into disrepute by these
very proceedings.
When the time shall arrive, and I trust it is
near at hand, that the cardinal principles of self-
government, non-intervention and State equality,
shall be recogntzed as irrevocable rules of action,
binding on all good citizens Who regard, and are
willing to obey, the Constitution as the supreme
law of the land, there will be an end of the
slavery controversy in Congress and between
the different sections of the Union. The occupa-
tion of political agitators whose hopes of position
and promotion depend upon their capacity to
disturb the peace of the country will be gone.
The controversy, if continued, will cease to be a
national one—will dwindle into a mere local ques-
tion, and will affect those only who, by their
residence in the particular State or Territofy,
are interested in it, and have the exclusive right
to control it. What right has any State or Ter-
ritory of this Union to pass any law or do any
act with the view of controlling or changing the
domestic institutions of any other State or Ter-
ritory ? Do you not recognize an imperative obli-
gation resting on the United States to observe
entire and perfect neutrality towards all foreign
States with which we are at peace, in respect to
their domestic institutions and internal affairs?
Has that obligation any higher source of author-
ity than that spirit of comity which all civilized
nations acknowledge to be binding on all friendly
Powers? Are not the different parts of this Union
composed of friendly powers ? Are they not aU
at peace with each other, and hence under an
obligation to preserve a friendly forbearance and
generous comity quite as sacred and imperative
as that to which ail foreign States, at peace with
each other, acknowledge their obligation to yield
implicit obedience ? Have you not passed neu-
trality laws, and exerted the whole executive
authority of the Government, including the Army
and Navy, to enforce them, in restraining our
i citizens from interfering with the internal affairs
of foreign States and their Territories ? Are not
i the different States and Territories of this Union
' under the same obligation towards each other ?
Indeed, does not the Constitution of the United
States impose an additional and higher obligation
than it is possible for the laws of nations to enjoin
on foreign States ? How can we hope to preserve
peace and fraternal feeling between the different
portions of this Union unless we are willing to
yield obedience to a principle so just in itself, so
fair towards all, that no one can complain of its
operation—a principle distinctly recognized by
aH'civilized countries as a fundamental article in
the laws of nations, for the reason that the peace
of the world could not be preserved for a single
■ day without its observance ?_
| But the agents and champions of the emigrant
i aid societies, failing in their attempts to vindicate
these mischievous schemes of foreign interfer-
ence, endeavor to palliate what cannot be just-
, ified on the plea that the slaveholding States have
; done the same thing for which they are arraigned!
Even if this were true, it would be difficult to
prove that two wrongs make a right. But this
excuse cannot avail the Massachusetts Emigrant
Aid Company. That company was chartered
and organized after the Kansas-Nebraska bill
passed the Senate, and in anticipation of its pas-
sage in the House. It preceded all counter move-
ments many months in point of time, and sent
out several large bodies of emigrants before any
steps were taken or opposing organizations were
made to counteract the effects of its operations.
The agents sent out in charge of the first bodies
of emigrants in the summer of 1854 report to the
company, and the report was published in pam-
phlet by the secretary of the company, and widely
circulated, that the people of Missouri received them
kindly, and welcomed their arrival as friends ! The
political designs and ultimate objects of the com-
pany were not openly avowed by them until
their numbers increased to such an extent as to
give them a controlling power in many settle-
ments immediately on the Missouri border. Then
all disguise was thrown aside, and the purpose
of the company openly avowed, to abolitionize
Kansas, with the view of erecting a cordon of
free States as a perpetual barrier against the
formation and admission of any more slave
States. The violence of their language against
domestic slavery anywhere and everywhere cre-
ated apprehensions in the minds of the people of
Missouri that they also meditated a relentless
warfare upon the institution of slavery within
the limits of that State as a part of their ultimate
plan of operations. In this connection I will
notice a remark of my colleague in which he repre-
