1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I38T
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. FLAGLEH. I move to lav the bill on the
table; and on that motion 1 demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Flagler's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the yeas and
nays on the recommendation of the Committee
of the Whole that the cnacting clause of the bill
be stricken out.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas (JO, nays 96; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barbour, Henry Bennett,
Billin^hiust. Bliss, Bienion, Burfinton, Ezra Clark, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Co.\,Cumbuek, Damrell, Dean, Dunn,
Emrio, FUsilei, Giddimis, Gilbert, Grander, Giow, liailan,
Thouuu. L. Harris*. Hollow ay, George W. Jones, Kel^y,
Knapp, Knox, Letter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar
shall, Alattcson, MeCariy, Killuui .Miller, Smith Miller,
Morgan, Aloft, Norton* Aiuhew Oliver. Orr, i'tke, Pur-
viance, River-?, Sapp, Sherman. Spinner, Stanton.Thoring-
ton, Tratton, Wade. Walbrulije, Waldion, Cadwalader C.
Wa^hhurne, Welch, Well1*, Wood, Woodruff, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wright—bO.
N/VYS — Me*so. Aiken, Allison, Bell, llendley S. Ben-
nett. Benson, U->co< k, Rowic, Branch, Brooks, Broom,
Burnett. James II. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Caiuihers, Chatter, dawson, Howell Cobb.
Collax, Coinins, Crawtoui, Cullen, Dick, Dowdell, Duil'ee',
Elliott, Ku^tiss, Evans,. Faulkiiej, FJoienoe, Homy M.
Fuiiei, Goode, Gieenwood, Robert B. Hall, llairwon,
Haven, Herbeit, Ilic kinan, Thomas R. Hoiton, Valentine
B. Hoiton. Houston. Hugh.-ton, Kennett, Kulwell, King,
Kiiowlton, Kunkef, Lake, Maxwell, Million, Moore, Mor-
rill, Nichols, Paiker, Pcaiee. Peek, Pflton, P *ny, Peitit,
Phelps. Porter, Powell, Pnnule, Puryear, (luitmnn, Ready,
llitcbm, ll'jbbms, Roberts., Ruthn, Ku-st. Sabm, Sandi<l«e,
Savage, Shorter, William Smith, Stranahari.Tappan, Tay-
loi, Thurston, Todd, Trippe, Tjson, Cndenvood, \;ul,
Valk, W.ikeman. Walker, Warner, Elhliu B. Wa^hburne,
Israel Wa-hbum. Whitney, WiHiam«, Winslow, Wood-
worth, and Zolheofter—96.
So the House refused to strike out the enacting
clause of tiie bill.
Pending the above call,
Mr. SIMMONS said lie had paired off with Mr.
Foster, who was indisposed, for the remainder
of the day.
Mr. HICKMAN said he had been requested
to state that his colleague, Mr. Edie, had been
compelled to leave the Hall on account of sudden
indisposition.
Mr, EDWARDS said he had paired off for the
rest of the day with Mr. JVIcMullin.
Mr. DUjN'N said: My colleague, Mr. Scott,
being unwell, has been advised by his physicians
to leave the city for a while, and has paired off
with Mr. Craigk on all questions except railroad
questions, until the X2ih instant.
Mr. GALLOWAY stated that he had paired
off with Air. English for the remainder of the |
day. |
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is the previous question '
exhausted on the bill? In 1854, on the only pre-
vious occasion when a bill has been reported
with a recommendation that the enacting clause
be stricken out, it was decided by the Speaker
that the previous question was exhausted when
the vote was taken on that proposition. A sub-
stitute was subsequently offered to that bill, the
K.ansas-.iNebraska bill. My purpose is, if the
previous question is exhausted, to move a substi-
tute for the bill embracing those amendments
which were reported from the Committee of
Ways arid Means, and adopted by the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The question submitted by
the Committee of the Whole to the House is a
final question, equivalent to a rejection of the bill;
and in the opinion of the Chair, when that ques-
tion is taken, the previous question is exhausted.
Mr. CAMP HELL. 1 offer, then, a substitute
for the bill, and on it call for the previous ques-
tion. It embraces the amendments 1 have referred
to.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the gentleman to em-
brace the amendment for the improvement of the
fortification at the mouth of the Kennebec river,
which was adopted by the Committee of the
W hole after full debate, and on a division.
Mr. CAMPBELL- I have no objection to
allowing a separate vote on the gentleman's
amendment, but I think it ought not to be in-
serted m the bill. It is, perhaps, due to the Com-
! niittee of the Whole, that there should bo a vote
| on the amendment in tiie House. 1 yield to the
i gentleman to move his amendment if he will
: promise to renew the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. BENSON. I move, then, the same amend-
ment for the fortification at the mouth of the
Kennebec river which was adopted by the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment of the gentleman from Ohio and
the amendment of the gentleman from Maine
involve appropriations of money, and are there-
fore not in order, unless first considered in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The question of order is
well taken, and the amendments are out of order.
The question is now on ordering the bill, as it
came from the Committee of the Whole, to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendments are all
cut off, and the bill before us is exactly the
original bill as first reported from the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. BENSON. Does the Chair decide my
amendment to be out of order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided the
gentleman's amendment, and the substitute of
tiie gentleman from Ohio, to be out of order, inas-
much as they involve appropriations, and must
have their first consideration in the. Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BENSON. I move, then, that the bill be
re-referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then the gentleman will
violate Ins pledge; he promised to renew the call
for the previous question.
Mr. BENSON. My pledge was made upon a
promise that I should have an opportunity to
offer my amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman had an
opportunity to oiler his amendment, and it has j
been ruled out of order. !
Mr. BENSON. I will violate no pledge, but 1
consider that 1 have not been played fair with in I
regard to the amendment. I insist upon it that, |
the House having consideied this biil in Com- ;
mittee of the Whole, it is but fair and right that '
the House itself should have an opportunity of j
acting on the amendment there adopted. 1
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to say a word in reply
to the imputations cast by the gentleman from
Maine  j
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) The gen- j
tleman from Maine has withdrawn the demand j
for the previous question, and yielded me the |
floor. I desire to &ay, in reply to his imputation, ij
that I have not been guilty of unfairness m this
matter. j|
Mr. BENSON. I did not make that imputa-
tion. )'
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to say that the
question of order was not raised by nie. I opened
the door for the introduction of the amendment, !|
and should huve been very happy to have had a I'
vote taken upon it; but the question of order i!
having been raised, and the Speaker having de- i,
cided very propcily that my substitute was not ,i
in order, I can do nothing more for the gentle-
man from Maine, and he ought not to have cast ;j
upon me that imputation. 'j
Mr. BENSON. Will the gentleman allow me jl
a word? It was not on the gentleman from Ohio i
that I made an imputation. I simply made a j
remark, m the hearing of the Hoiit-c, that it was j
but fair, inasmuch as the amendment had been j
adopted in the Committee of the Whole on the state j
of the Union, that the House should have an op- j
portuniiy of acting upon it. 1 did not impute j
any wrong to the gentleman, but I made an appeal
to the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The difficulty originates !
in the fact that the Com  :
Mr. ClUITMAN, (interrupting.) I rise to a ]
question of order. I object to these explanations j
in the character of debate. I was refused the j
privilege of making an explanation this morning, j
and, therefore, I object to explanations. J
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third time; |
i and on that question, which is debatable, the
I gentleman from Ohio has the floor.
| Air. CAMPBELL, f have no further ex-
■ planation to make. I desired to say that the dif-
ficulty originates in the fact, that'the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union struck
out the enacting; clause, and 1 am now driven to
the necessity—in order to save the bill-—of de-
manding the previous question, which I do.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order. I wish to know of the Chair,
in the first place, what the amendmentof the gen-
tleman from Ohio precisely is?
The SPEAKER. The amendment is with-
drawn. The question is on ordering^he bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then I make a point of
order. The original bill was in committee, and
was amended on the motion of my colleague,
[Mr. Benson.] When that amendment was
adopted in committee, it became as much a part of
the bill as any other of its clauses; and when the
enacting clause was stricken out, it applied to all
the original bill, and to the amendments. Now,
the House not having concurred with the com-
mittee, the question will be, first, on the amend-
ment voted by the committee, and which has be-
come as much a part of the bill as any other part
of it.
The SPEAKER. No amendment has been
reported to the House. The only report made
is, that the enacting clause be stricken out, and
that recommendation the House has negatived.
Mr. MATTESON. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table?
Air. BENSON. If that motion be withdrawn,
will it not be m order for the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to move, as an
amendment for the bill, that bill perfected in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The rule of the House is,
that no amendment or bill shall be considered
that makes an appropriation of money, unless
they have been first considered in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Air. MATTESON. I call for the yeas and
nays on my motion.
rf he yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 66, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS— Mes<t>. Albright, Bali, Barbour, Henry Bennett,
Billnuhurst, Bh^. Brenton, Bufiinton, E/ra Claik, Wil-
liamson Ti- W. Cobb, Cox, Cramn, Cuiuback, Damrell,
Dean, Dodd, Dunn, Emrie, Flagler, Guiding, Gilbeit,
Gi anger, Glow, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Holloway,
Oeoige \\". Jones. Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knox, Letter,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Killian
Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan, Moir., Norton, Orr, Pen-
nington, Perry, Phelps, Pike, Prmgrle, Pnrviance, Snpp,
Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Thormgton, Thurs-
ton, TraftoTi, Wade, Walbndge, WaUiron, CacKvalader C.
Wu-libmiH', Elhhu B. Wa^hburno, Welch, Wells, Wil-
Wood, anrl Woodruff—66.
NAVS-Mo^rs. Aik«n, Allison, Hell, HemlJey S. Ben-
nett, Benson, Booock, Bowie. Brud>)ia\v, Branch, Brook*',
ISionm. Burnett, Cailwalador, Jannx 11. Campbell. John P.
Campbell. Leww J). Campbell, Canuliers*, Chafiee. Claw-
son. Jlowell Cobb, Cohax, Connie, Covodr, Crawford,
Cullcn, iMwd^on, Denver, Diek, Dowdell, DurtVe, Llhott,
f'ii-iw, Evan-*, Faulkner, Florence* Henry M. Fuller,
Goode. Gieemvood, Robert B. Hull, Herbert, Hickman,
Thomas It. llorton, Valentine B. llwton, Houston, Keu-
uett, Kuowlton, Kunkel, Lake. Letelier, Alexander K.
Matshali, Maxwell, Mill-on, Moore, Morrill, Nichols,
Parlor, Peek, Pelton, Pcttit, Portev, Pmyear, Quitman,
Keade, Keadv, Kitchie, Bivtus, Roberts, Bntfin. Ru -t. fcSabin,
Samluice, Savajre, Shorter, William Smith, Stianahan,
Taylor, Todd, Tnppe, Tyson, Cnderwood, Vai!, Valk,
Wakeman, Walker, Warner, Israel Washburn. Whitney,
Wins-low, Woodworth,Darnel B. Wnght,John V. Wright,
and Zollieofter—(J~.
So the House refused to lay the bill on tho
table.
Mr. MACE gave notice that he would on
Tuesday next try to bring up the post route bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operatien
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also
