1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25.
some of the Senators that this measure ought not
to be passed hastily.
The business of supplying gas is necessarily a
very expensive one. It is always a hazardous
one to capitalists. Gentlemen are now engaged
in this business in the city of Washington. How
far their interests may be affected by a bill of
this kind I am not prepared to say; but I am
quite confident that a company, with a capital of
but §50,000, will hardly undertake to supply this
city with gas. X have no doubt that my honor-
able friend from Mississippi, the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia, can ex-
plain the whole nature of this bill and its effect.
For myself, I should be glad to have it postponed
until I^can look into it further. I am willing to
vote for it, if the necessities of the city require it.
I am willing to vote for it if it only creates legiti-
mate competition, and inflicts no wrong any-
where. "That is the point into which I wish to
inquire.
Mr. BROWN. A portion of the stockholders
of the present gas company in Washington have
assured me that, so far as they were concerned,
ih^y have no objection to this bill. They think
that the attempt to make gas out of wood will
not come in competition with them in any way.
My friend from Maryland reported the bill from
the committee, and has had it chiefly and princi-
pally under his charge. I think the subject was
referred to the committee early in January, and
:o'o written remonstrance, nothing whatever, has
come to the committee against it in any form
except what we hear in the Senate.
I do not know whether or not these parties can
succeed in making gas of wood. They say they
have succeeded elsewhere; others say they have
failed. I know nothing about the matter myself.
If I had even seen the gas-works in operation, I
should not be able to tell whether there was any
fraud practiced on me or not; but those in Wash-
ington who understand it seem to regard it as of
very little consequence, while those who are en-
gaged in it seem to think it is a matter of very
great consequence. I should be glad to have the
bill passed, but I should be sorry to see the day
wasted with it. I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope that the bill will b<*
postponed on account of the absence of my col-
league, [Mr. Thompson.] I know that he has
charge of the interests of some of the stockhold-
ers of the present company, and he would be very
glad to be here, and have their interests properly
presented to the Senate, before action is had on
this measure. I think a postponement will not
prejudice the bill; but, at any rate, I hope that it
will be laid aside. I move to postpone it until
to-morrow.
Mr. PRATT. Why postpone it ? We have
now had all the discussion, I take it for granted,
or almost all, that can take place about it. its
principle lies within a nutshell. Some of the
constituents of my honorable friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Biglf-r] may be interested in the
stock of the company now existing hutc; but
laying that consideration aside, I am sure thatlus
large mind will at once take in, without the
slightest difficulty, everything connected with this
bill.
What is the proposition? There is already
a gas company here. They are making gas,
whether successfully or not 1 do not pretend to
say. Other parties come here and ask to be in-
corporated to establish another company. That
is all. They ask for no money from the Treas-
ury; they ask simply to be incorporated. There
is the^personal responsibility clause in the char-
ter. They ask to be chartered and to have the
privilege, with their own money, of trying the
experiment of making gas for the use of the
people. Who on earth can object to that? Is
there any principle in it? it may be that some J
of the present corporators, who are constituents I
of my honorable friend from Pennsylvania, may j
think that a monopoly will work better for them; I
but I ask, legislating here as we do for the people I
of the District, precisely as our State Legisla- i
tures at home do for the people of the States,
whether on any principle we can afford to refuse
a charter by which the people of this District
are to have the privilege of another rival com-
pany to make gas, if they can, to be supplied to
them? It will give tlieni the option of selecting
which company they choose. Let us, at any
rate, vote upon the bill; X will not say another
word.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope the motion of my
friend from New Jersey will prevail. The Sena-
tor from Mississippi, the chairman of the Dis-
trict Committee, says that this is a very simple
proposition—that some of the stockholders of the
existing company do not object to it because they
do not think the experiment of making gas out
of wood will succeed; but look at the seventh
section, and you will see what it is:
"That the president and directors shall have full power
and authority to manufacture, make, and sell gas, to be
made of wood or other material, and to be used for the pur-
pose of lighting," &e.
" Wood or other material;" and yet the title
of the bill reads, " A bill to incorporate the Col-
umbia ffood-Gas Company.'' I know, sir, that
some of the stockholders of the present company
did not object to it, because they were misled by
the title of the bill. They do not believe thatgas
can be made of wood; but when you insert, " or
other material," it becomes a different thing.
Mr. PRATT. Will my friend permit me to
ask him a question?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Certainly.
Mr. PRATT. The objection to the charter is
that, although they profess to make gas from
wood, the bill docs not confine them to that, but
allows them to make it of wood or other material.
If the Committee on the District of Columbia sup-
posed that it was impossible for them to make it
of wood, they would not have gone to the trouble
of drawing a charter putting in the words, " or
other material."
I will state the argument to which I wish my
friend to address himself. Why is it wrong to
authorize any company to make gas for the peo-
ple of this District from any material ? If they
cannot make it from wood, let it be made from
what they please. It is for the benefit of the pub-
lic. These people ask to be allowed to use their
own money, and not the public money. They
will, under this bill, be answerable to the whole
community privately, and in their corporate ca-
pacity for what they do. I ask, as legislators for
the people of the District, why shall we say that
there shall bo a monopoly in reference to gas ? It
is not material of what it is made.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not wish to occupy
the attention of the Senate at "this time; but if
we are to go on with the bill I must state my
objections to it at large. I think the reason given
by the honorable Senator from New Jersey"[Mr.
Wright] is sufficient for the postponement at
this time. His colleague feels an interest in it,
and he is absent at the funeral of a deceased
friend.
I do not know where the stock of the present
company is held; nor do I care; but I do know
that it is wrong, after you enlist a body of men
to supply thirty miles of pipe at an expenditure
of §400,000, to incorporate a little company, with
a capital of $50,000, to supply the heart of the
city where they can do it with little expense.
I do not wish, however, to discuss the subject at
this time. I am willing that the question shall be
taken on tlie motion to postpone.
Mr. BROWN. Sooner than have the day
consumed with this proposition, when T know
that there are other bills much more important
to the District of Columbia lying behind it, I
must ask my friend from Maryland to allow it to
be postponed.
Mr. PRATT. Let us have a vote on the post-
ponement.
Mr. BUTLER. If there is any peint of cour-
tesy involved, I shall not object to the postpone-
ment. If, as has been intimated, a company
with a capital of §50,000 can supply gas cheaper
than the one already in existence, it is the very
reason why 1 shall go for the bill. I wish, how-
ever, to inquire whether there is anything in the
charter of the existing company to prohibit the
legislation of Congress to grant another charter?
Mr. PRATT. Certainly not.
Mr. BUTLER. Then my friend from Penn-
sylvania [Mr Buodhead] gives the best reason
why I can go for this bill—because it will afford
cheaper light.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion to postpone the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. WRIGHT I hope the motion to post-
pone will prevail. The application cannot be
prejudiced by a little delay. My colleague is
absent, and on his account I desire more particu-
larly that the bill should be postponed for a short
time.
The motion was agreed to.
st. thomas's literary society.
The bill introduced by Mr. Mallory, (S. No.
98,) to incorporate St. Thomas's Literary Society
in the District of Columbia, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be read.
Mr. BROWN. It is not worth while to read it.
I will make a brief explanation of it. It is simply
an act to incorporate a literary society. It denies
the company banking privileges, makes the indi-
vidual stockholders liable for all the debts, and
gives Congress authority to repeal the law when-
ever they choose. I hope it will be passed without
debate.
The PRESIDENT. If any Senator desires it,
the bill will be read.
Several Senators. Oh no.
The bill provides for the incorporation of Nich -
olas D. Young, George J. A. Wilson, and Sid-
ney A. Clarkson, and their successors, as a body
politic and corporate, forever, by the name of
St. Thomas' Literary Society, for purposes of
charity and education, with the usual powers
conferred on such corporations. They may hold
estate, real, personal, and mixed, not exceeding
in value $500,000. They are authorized to confer
such degrees in the arts and sciences as are usually
conferred in colleges. Each of the corporators,
who are not to exceed ten, is to be liable in his
individual capacity for all debts and liabilities of
the corporation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS IN WASHINGTON.
The bill (S. No. 125) defining the rights of
voters and the duties of commissioners of elec-
tions in the city of Washington, and for other
purposes, was read the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BROWN. I suppose the Senate is familiar
with this bill. I move to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert the substitute which
I send to the Chair. I do so because the amend-
ment which I propose has undergone revision
in the House of Representatives, and meets the
approbation of the House Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It is urged by the grand jury
of Washington county, and its principal pro-
visions have been approved by the city councils
of Washington. Tpe city councils, on the 20th
of August last, passed a resolution asking for
most of the provisions of the substitute which I
now propose. If there be any opposition to it
in any quarter, I do not know where it exists,
unless it should arise in the Senate. We are the
local Legislature for the District; and if thepeople
are satisfied with my proposition—if Know Noth-
ings, Whigs and Democrats think it meets their
wants, I hope we shall pass it without objection.
My proposition is to strike out all of this bill
after the enacting clause, and insert the following:
That it any commissioner or other person appointed to
superintend municipal elections in the city of Washington
shall knowingly refuse to receive the vote of a person pos-
sessing the legal qualification to vote at such election, or
shall in any other manner hinder or prevent the legal exer-
cise of the elective franchise in said city of Washington, he
shall, upon indictment and conviction thereof betore the
criminal court of the District of Columbia, be subject to im-
prisonment in the county jail for a period of time not exceed-
ing six months, and to a fine not exceeding >':>(]() in each
ease, at the discretion of the court, and shall thereafter be
ineligible to any office under the city corporation, besides
being liable in damages to the party whose vote shall be so
rejected.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the penalty pre-
scribed in the foregoing section of this act shall apply to any
commissioners or other person appointed to superintend
an election who may willfully and knowingly receive, or
pennit to be leceived, the vote of any person not legally
authorized to vote ; and, also, to any person or persons who
may willfully disturb, molest, hinder, or interfere with said
commissioners white m the discharge of their duties, or
who may willfully distuib,molest, hinder, or interfere with
any voter while at or going to the polls; and, also, to any
person or persons who may vote illegally or more than one«
at any municipal election. And in making the returns of
any election to the register of the city, the commissioners
or other persons appointed to superintend said election shall
also make a return of all the ballots cast on the occasion,
to be securely kept for a period of at least two years.
Sec. 3. Jlndbeitfurther enacted, That ill the joint meet-
ting of the boards of aldermen and common council l'or the
