1898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2,
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
APPROPRIATION BItX—CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move the usual resolu-
tion to terminate debate 011 House bill No. 202 in
five minutes after the House shall again resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I understand that gentlemen are
desirous of having an evening session; and at the
proper hour I will endeavor to make provision for
it by asking to take up some bill on which debate
has not been terminated, this evening.
The question was put; and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. CAmPBELL. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with a view 10 consider House bill No.
202.
SUPPRESSION OP INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN
CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DENVER. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to lcta bill of the Senate (No. 397) be taken
from the Speaker's table, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If no other gentleman
object, I will not. It is not necessary, however,
to withdraw my motion.
Mr. DENVER. Then I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 397, explanatory of so much
of an actpasscd August 4,1854, making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing June 30,1855, as refers to the payment of the
expenses incurred by the State of California in
the suppression of Indian hostilities in said State.
Mr. ORR. I do not like to object, if, when the
committee reports back that bill, we will have an
opportunity of investigating it, and if the bill be
not put on its passage under the previous ques-
tion; I have no objection to its going to the com-
mittee; but I am afraid that when the committee
return these bills they will have them put right
through.
Mr. DENVER. I have no desire to do any-
thing of the kind.
Mr. ORR. Then I make no objection.
There b'eing no objection, the bill (S. No. 397)
was taken from the Sneaker's table, read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
"WASHINGTON ARMORY.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. 1 ask the
unanimous consent of the House to takefiom the
Speaker's table Senate bill (No. 252) to repeal so
much of the act, approved March 3,1855, as pro-
vides for the erection of an armoiy in the city of
Washington, that it may be refened.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read twice, and referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
COPY-RIGHT BILL.
Mr. CADWALADER asked and obtained the
unanimous consenUof the House to have taken
from the Speaker's table, read twice, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, Senate bill (No.
239) explanatory of an act entitled "An act to
amend the several acts respecting copy-rights,"
approved February 3, 1831.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER.
Mr. C. also asked and obtained the like consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce, Sen-
natcbill (No. 94) making an appropriation for the
improvement of the Delaware breakwater.
WASHINGTON MUTUAL BUILDING ASSOCIA-
TION.
Mr. CUMBACK asked and obtained the like
consentto have taken from the Speaker's table,
read twice, and referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia, Senate bill (No. 385) to
incorporate the Washington Mutual Building
Association. 0
COMMERCE AND NAVIGATION OP THE
LAKES.
Mr. WADE, by unanimous consent, made a
report from the Committee on Commerce, on the
commerce and navigation of the lakes; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
BTLLSINTRODUCED.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced bills of the following titles; which were
severally read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims:
A bill for the relief of the parish of Ascension,
in the State of Louisiana; and
A bill to revive an act entitled "An act for the
relief of the heirs and legal representatives of
William Conway, deceased."
SAN FRANCISCO VIGILANCE COMMITTEE.
Mr. HERBERT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following joint
resolution:
Whereas, we have seen with piofound regret the law-
less proceedings of the Vigilance Committee of San Fran-
cisco, Califoihia, and m ordei to yivetiiat psofeetion to the
laws of said State under the Cons-ntution of the United
States which we deem it our dutv to do : Therefore
Be it resolved by the Senate an<l Home of Representatives
of the United Slates in Con re^> at'end/icil, That the com-
mander of the Pacific division of the United States Army
is hereby authorized and dnccted to i-suo, upon the requi-
sition of the Executive of the State of California, such
arms, ordnance, and ammunition therefor, as the Execu-
tive of said State may deem necessary m preserving sub-
ordination to the laws of said State.
.find be it further resolved, That in case it should be
deemed necessary, in the opinion ofsaid Executive of Cal-
ifornia, to call to his assistance, in preseivmg subordination
to the laws of said State, the naval foices belonging to the
United States, then the commander or commanders of said
forces be, and they arc hereby, requuod and directed to
obey promptly the order ofhftid Eveeutive of California.
Mr. LETCHER, and others, objected.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to take a bill from the
Speaker's table.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to everything out
of order.
DONATION OF THE HERMITAGE.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER asked the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, Thar, the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire info the expediency of accepting the
tender, bv the State ofTennes-f.ee, of live hundred acres of
the late residence of Andrew Jackson, deceased, including
tho mansion, tomb, and oilier improvements known as " the
Hermitage/' upon condition that it be used as a site for a
branch of the Military Academy of the United States.
Mr. PENNINGTON, and others, objected.
APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp-
bei-l's motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Haven* in the choir,) and resumed
the consideration of the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation bill, upon which the gen-
eral debate was ordered to be closed in five
minutes.
Mr. HERBERT. Mr. Chairman, my pur-
pose in seeking the floor at this time has been to
notice briefly the efforts which have been recently
made by a portion of the press to vilify, slander,
and traduce my character. Now, sir, so far as
I am individually concerned, I feel a sublime in-
difference as to these dastardly attacks; and were
it not in my own estimation an incumbent duty
on me to make this explanation, I should not en-
noble these vilifiers by this notice, made neces-
sary only by a sense of duty to this honorable
body.
But, let us see who these traducers are. As for
the Pacific portion of them who have thus abused
me, I need only say that in every solitary in-
stance, save one, these abuses have emanated
from the Abolition press of California; and even
in that isolated case, as is the case in every Ab-
olition paper throughout the State, the cloven foot
of that fiendish mob styling themselves the Vigi-
lance Committee, is plainly discernible, and the
chiefs of which would have striven, had they
lived when the Redeemer walked the earth, in
my opinion, to have underbid Judas Iscariot in
the sale of his Divine Master.
To say that I feel complimented by the lying
abuse of such double traitors to the laws and
Constitution, is no vain or idle boast in me; for,
sir, I glory in their hatred, and feel proud of
their enmity. My character cannot be mildewed
by the gross misrepresentations of a set of cow-
ardly scoundrels, who are using every means m
their power to swindle their cieditors at home;
and when justice overtakes them, as it mu&teie
long, then a disclosure of commercial rottenness
will be made that will blanch the cheek of many
an honest and confiding merchant in the Eastern
States: butunfortunately for these swindlers, their
store-houses are now built in such a manner as
to render them perfectly impervious to their old
friend, fire, through whose kind interference
they have been enabled so often to close up
their account, and send a clean balance-sheet of
<s burned out;" but they are now driven to that
last and most desperate remedy of bad men—
treason to the Constitution and country, to cover
their tracks and settle their accounts once more.
But enough of them, sir.
1 will now, Mr. Chairman, call your attention
and that of the House to that, portion of the
press, 011 this side of the continent, who have
likewise endeavored to traduce my character.
To commence with, there is the New York
Tribune, upon which comment is unnecessary;
for no honest man wants a better passport into
good society than abuse from this negro-wor-
shiping Jllbino. Next we have the New York
Times, and many other samples of this cold-
blooded, long-fetlocked breed of animals. But
last, last, last, and least of all upon the calendar of
these base vilifiers, is the Evening Star of Wash-
ington, whose pandering braggart editor is the
same who but a short time ago was sparring with
the black-mail man of the New York Times,
each accusing the other of the basest act of
villany; and, sir1, they thus continued up to the
period of the unfortunate cause of my late trial
and aquittal, since which time, sir, they have been
running cheek by jowl, libeling me with the same
vehemence with which the hungry wolf pursues
its prey. This, sir, is the character of the men
who have endeavored to persecute me like afelon,
and sought to lumt me down like a wild beast.
Now, sir, were these creatures summoned to-
gether blindfolded, and a man placed in front to
shoot the most consummate villain of the party,
I venture to say that there is not a man among
them that would be found standing after the crack
of the gun; for, as the old adage runs, "a guilty
conscience needs no accuser."
Mr. Chairman, words are inadequate to express
my contempt of such men, and in the language
of another,4* There should be placed in the hands
of every honest man a whip, to lash such rascals
naked through the world."
Mr. Chairman, I shall take occasion at some
future time to allude to the gross misrepresenta-
tions which have been made in my absence from
my seat, upon a bill I had the honor to introduce
in this House, viz: a " bill to expedite the issu-
ing of patents to confirmed lands in California."
The manner m which this bill has been defeated
during my absence, I hardly think, when prop-
erly understood, will meet the sanction or appro-
val of any gentleman who holds in high estima-
tion an independent or exalted course of conduct.
But more of this hereafter. u Questions of mo-
ment require deliberate answer," and my time
has expired.
The bill was then read by clauses for £mend-
n^ent.
Mr. GROW. Does the paragraph " For com-
pensation and mileage of members of the House
of Representatives and Delegates from Territo-
ries, $365,048," include the pay of the members
of the Legislative Assembly of Kansas?
Mr. PHELPS. It includes exactly what it
says it does.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It does not in-
clude the pay of those members of the Legisla-
tive Assembly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
In the paragraph for salaries for officers of the House of
Representatives, insert as follows :
Clerk to the Committee of Ways and Means, $1,800.
And increase the appropriation from $77,646 to $79,44(5.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. J am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to offer the
following amendment: ;
Stnke out from line eighty-four to line one hundred and
' foin teen, and insert as follows :
I Pages 4, 5, and 6, strike out lines eighty-four to one hun-
dred and fourteen, inclusive, and insert as follows:
For binding documents, $125,'000.
For furniture, repairs, and boxes for books, $15,000.
For stationery, $15,000.
