THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF'CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,C.
      ,, i ,.
; " New Series;...lNo. 65..
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1856.
appointment of commissioners of elections, as provided in
the sixth section of the act approved May 15,18*20, enti-
tled " An act to incorporate the inhabitants of the city of
Washington, and to repeal all acta heretofore passed for
that purpose," no member of either board shall be entitled
to vote for more than two of the three commissioners to be
elected for each ward or election precinct, and in all cases
the three persons having the highest number of votes shall
be declared duly elected.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted. That it shall be the
duty of the city corporation to provide at least two election
precincts in each ward, to appoint commissioners to super-
intend elections in the same, and to adopt such other regu-
lations as may be necessary to give full force and efl'ect to
this act.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That at all elections
to be held in the city of Washington for municipal officers,
the polls slial! be opened at seven o'clock, a. m., and closed
at seven o'clock, p m.; and that all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with this act are hereby repealed.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to ask the chairman
of the committee if this is the bill that has been
recommitted to the District Committee in the
House ?
Mr. BROWN. I understand that this is the
precise bill which the Committee of the House
tave agreed on, and which they would report if
they had an opportunity, but under the rules of
the House they are kept back, and cannot get a
chance to report it
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate asamended,and the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole was
concurred in. The bill as amended was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read a
third time and passed. Its title was amended so
as to read:
" A bill defining the duties of commissioners
of election in the city of Washington, and for
other purposes."
WASHINGTON INSURANCE COMPANY.
The bill (S, No. 160) to incorporate an insur-
ance company in the city of Washington, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. BROWN. My friend from Rhode Island
[Mr. Allen] reported that bill. The details are
in the ordinary form of an insurance company's
charter; and if Senators will turn their attention
to the last two or three sections, they will see
that the guards thrown around it are so perfect
that it can do no harm. If any one insists on it,
the bill can be read through, but I think it unne-
cessary. There is a great deal of detail, which
can be understood without being read.
Mr. WELLER. Does it authorize banking ?
Mr. BROWN. No, sir; it prohibits it.
Mr. ALLEN. I have two or three amendments
to offer respecting the election of directors, and
the number of shares to be hold. They do not
affect the bill generally. The first amendment is
in section three, after the provision allowing each
holder of a share to have one vote, to insert:
But no person or body coiporato shall have more than
fifty votes in his, her, or their own right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN. I have two amendments to offer
in section four, to strike out "July," and insert
"September," so as to make the elections for
directors occur on the first Monday in September.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN. I have another amendment, in
tile fourth section, to insert:
The president and directors may call special meetings of
the stockholders, and twelve stockholders shall be necessary
to constitute a quoiuin at any meeting of the company for
the transaction of business.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN. 1 have a further amendment, to
add at the end of section four:
And each director shall hold in his own right not less
than twenty shares in the capita! stock of the company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. BROWN. The sixteenth section of the
bill prohibits the corporation from issuing any
"note, token, device, scrip, or other evidence of
debt to be used as currency." The seventeenth
and last section gives Congress the right to repeal
and alter the charter when they please. That
leaves everything under the control of Congress,
and makes it perfectly safe. The company
agree to it, and I suppose there will be no objec-
tion to it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS OF WASHINGTON.
The bill (S. No. 214) for the benefit of public
schools in the city of Washington was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the corporate author-
ities of the city of Washington, with the assent
of the owners of real estate to levy a special tax
of ten cents on each $100 worth of real property
within the corporate limits of the city, for the
benefit of public schools. Whenever the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall be officially notified by
the Mayor that this tax has been levied and col-
lected, it is to be his duty to pay from the Treas-
ury a sum equal to the amount raised by taxa-
tion, but which is not to be more than $25,000
in any one year. These payments are to continue
for five years, unless Congress otherwise order.
For the purpose of testing the sense of the real
estate owners of Washington city, as to whether
they will submit to a tax for this purpose, the
Mayor is to order an election oil such day as lie
may deem proper for that purpose, which is to
be conducted m all respects as other elections,
except that no one shall be deemed a qualified
voter unless he owns real estate subject to taxa-
tion in the city.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time and passed.
OBSTRUCTIONS TO AVENUES.
The bill (S. No. 251,) to authorize the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings to remove obstruc-
tions from certain streets and avenues in the city
of Washington, and to prevent trespasses on the
same, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to make it the duty of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings to cause obstruc-
tions of every kind to be removed from such of
the streets and avenues in the city of Washing-
ton as may have been, or may be hereafter, im-
proved in whole or in part by the United States,
and to keep them, at all times, free from obstruc-
tions. Any person who desires to remove paving
stones, or to displace any other work done by the
authority of the United States, for the purpose of
laying gas-pipes, or for any other purpose, is to
obtain a written permit from the commissioner,
and to oblige himself to replace the work to the
satisfaction of the commissioner, and within such
time as he may prescribe.
Italsoprovides, that the Washington and Alex-
andria Railroad Company shall have authority
to lay a railroad track along First street, aeross
Pennsylvania avenue, and along Maryland eve-
nue, from the depot of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad to Potomac bridge, or to such otherpoint
oil the Potomac river as they may select.
Mr. ALLEN. I have two small amendments
which I propose to this bill. The first is in sec-
tion three, line five,to strike out the word "or,"
and insert " and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN. The next amendment is in
section three, line six, to add after the word " se-
lect, "the words, " and along Seventh street west,
from Maryland avenue to the canal."
The amendment was agreed to.
The third section, as thus amended, reads as
follows:
That the Washington and Alexandria Railroad Company
shall have authority to lay a railroad track aeross Fast
street, across Pennsylvania avenue, and along Maryland
avenue, from the depot of the Baltimore and Oliio railroad
to Potomac bridge, and to such other point oil the Potomac
river as they may select, and along Seventh stieet we t,
from-Maryland avenue to the canal: Provided^ The rails
on said track shall not be laid above the level of the paving
stones on said streets and avenues: Jln<livrovvUd further,
That said company shall at no time use steam as a propel-
ling power on said track, and shan, moreover, remove the
said track, without cost to the United States, whenever
Congress shall so direct.
Mr. PUGH. I move to strike out the third
section of the bill. This question was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary; at'anjeaily stage
of the session. We reported it back, and; asked
to be discharged from its consideration, on the .
ground that it was an appropriate subject for the
jurisdiction of the courts, and not for legisla-
tion.
Now the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia have taken it in hand, and offered a proposi-
tion to legitimate this nuisance at the entrance to
the public grounds. To be sure, it is mitigated,
in some measure, by a proviso that they shall not
use steam propulsion; but I call the attention of
Senators to the fact-, that the very entrance to tlie
Capitol is to be occupied, two or three* times a
day, by trains of freight cars and passenger cars,
so as to cut off people from passing into and out
of the grounds about the Capitol. I venture to
say, there is not a place in the whole, city of
Washington where this railroad could have been
laid, to amount to such an utter obstruction and
injury to the people as the plaie where it is now-
laid.
Besides, it has been done in direct defiance of
law. We understand, in these days, how rail-
road companies construe their charters. Why,
sir, it utterly surpassed the ingenuity of Peter—
I think it was—in Dean Swift's Tale of aTub, who
could not find the word " shoulder-knot " in the
Bible, but he found all the letters of it separately
except the " k," and so he concluded to substi-
tute " c " for " k," on the ground that after all
they amounted to the same thing. {Laughter.]
These companies were authorized, at the last
session by Congress, to connect with the other
side of the river, either by way of Georgetown
or the bridges at the Navy-Yard; and yet they
have laid rails directly through the city of Wash-
ington to the Long Bridge. We have determined,
by a decisive vote at this session, not to repair
the Long Bridge; and yet here is a proposition
to strengthen that interest, after the Senate has
expressed its determination.
The rest of the bill meets my approbation, but
I confess that I must look on any proposition to
continue the track of this road where- it now is
with utter aversion. When it is proposed that
Congress shall give its assent to it, I simply call
the attention of the Senate to it, and desire that'
we may have an opportunity of voting upon it
understandingly.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, in reporting
this bill I reported the third section of it in obe-
dience to the instructions of a majority of the
committee. It did not meet my approbation, and
the printed report shows that a minority of the
committee objected to it. I shall therefore vote for
the motion of my friend from Ohio, to strike it
out upon the grounds which are distinctly get
forth m the printed report.
1 will riot detain the Senate with a speech; but
I think, with the Senator from Ohio, the railroad
was put there without authority of law. I be-
lieve the whole committee were agreed on that
subject, though a majority thought it was a good
thing to have, the railroad there, and insisted on
its staying; while a minority thought it was not
only put there in violation of law, but that it was
a bad thing, and ought to be taken away. I was
one of the minority.
Mr. MASON. My attention was drawn to
this matter in the Committee on the District of
Columbia, of which I am a member. Upon an
examination of the laws relating to the charter
of the city of Washington, I believe it was the
opinion of the whole committee that, in the
original contract made between the United States
ana the proprietors of land on which the city was
located, the exclusive jurisdiction over the streets
and avenues of the city was reserved to the
