1356.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
289
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. English.
Ho. or Reps.
Why can it not "be that the President was
uninformed of the manner in which the elections
in Kansas were carried?" The minority report
says that Governor Reeder was " uninformed in
relation thereto" on the 5th of April, when he
examined the returns and issued the certificates
of election! Governor Reeder was in Kansas at
the time—in the very center of the scenes of the
alleged invasion—charged with the imperative
duty of seeing the laws faithfully executed. The
election was held under his proclamation, in pur-
suance of such rules and regulations as he had
prescribed. The judges who conducted the elec-
tions were all appointed by him; the returns were
made to him; he invited contests to be decided by
himself in all cases of unfairness or irregularity;
he received protests, heard allegations, examined
into the facts, and granted or withheld the certifii
cates accordingas he found that the elections were
fair or unfair, legal or illegal. In view of allthes®
facts, the minority report exculpates and justifies
the Governor upon the ground that he was " un-
informed" in relation to the conquest of Kansas,
while my colleague says that " it cannot be that
the President, ""who was two thousand miles
from the field of operations, was "uninformed"
iu relation to the same facts! How was the Presi-
dent to know "the manner in which theelectio'nsin
Kansas were carried" unless he could rely upon
the fidelity of the Governor to whom the law of
Congress had confided the trust of superintending j
the elections, and colllecting the facts and making
known the result' But my colleague will not excuse ]
the President for being "uninformed" of facts
which, if true, the Governor ought to have known,
but failed to communicate; while the minority re- :
port, which my colleague pronounces a " master-
ly " paper, finds ample justification for the Gov-
ernor in the assumption that he was " uninformed
in relation thereto," although present at the time,
and required bylaw to know the facts, and clothed
with the power and means of ascertaining them.
But nay colleague will not excuse the President for
the reason that it is his duty " to see that the laws
of the United States be faithfully executed." My
colleague forgets, if he ever knew the fact, that
by the act of Congress erecting the Territory the
Governor was charged with the duty and respons-
ibility of conducting and managing the first elec-
tion, and that, consequently, his proclamation pre*
scribing the rulesand regulations under which this
particular election was held became thelawforthis
purpose, which he, as Governor of the Territory,.
instead of the President of the United States, was
bound to see faithfully executed. Although these
facts are set forth in the " masterly" report of
the minority which he so heartily indorses, my
colleague still insists that the Governor's neglect
of duty furnishes " no excuse" forthe President.
We have been repeatedly told during this debate
that the conquerors of Kansas invaded the Ter-
ritory on one day, and returned to their homes in
Missouri on the next day, with flags flying and
drums beating! The unpardonable sin which the
President committed consists in the fact that he
did not know that " Kansas had been conquered"
before the event happened, in order " to justify
his interference to protect the ballot-box! Ac-
cording to my colleague and this " masterly"
report, the President should not be forgiven,
because he " could neither see nor hear of these
invasions" until after the mischief was done and
the invaders had made their escape; while Gov-
ernor Reeder, who, by proclamation, made the
law under which the election was held, and was
bound to see it faithfully executed, was perfectly
excusable in remaining " uninformed" in relation
to the conquest for nearly five months after the
event.
I will not follow my colleague further in hig
assaults upon the President of the-United States.
It must be apparent that nothing I can say calf
reconcile him to anything the Presidenthas done.
Time will show whether the President will be
able to survive the assault. I am not in the habit
of speaking in the language of eulogy. It is not
my purpose to do so on this occasion. But I
feel that it is due to the subject, and to the occa-
sion, to express my conviction that the President
is entitled to the thanks of the whole country, and
will receive the .grateful acknowledgments of
every true Demoerat in the Union for the prompt-
JNew Series.—^io. 19
ness, firmness, and fidelity with which he has
performed his duty upon all the issues growing
; out of this Kansas-Nebraska question,
i In conclusion, Mr. President, I feel it my duty
to apologize to the Senate for the desultory man-
ner in which I have performed my public part in
this discussion. My excuse is to be found in
i the state of my health. I have endeavored to
present the points at issue between the majority
and minority reports fairly and distinctly. They
make up a direct issue on certain great principles
which the country must decide.
When the subject shall have been thoroughly
discussed and fully-understood, I shall have no
fear of the verdict the people will render on the
points stated.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. W. H. ENGLISH,
OP INDIANA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 18, 1856.
The Resolution from the Committee of Elections, asking
for power to send for pensons and papers in the Kansas
Election case, being before the House for consideration—
Mr. ENGLISH said:
Mr. Speaker: I had intended to address the
House upon the pending question, but it has
been so ably and thoroughly discussed by the
gentlemen who have preceded me, that I am but
little inclined to speak now, and shall not do so
at any considerable length.
1 know that the minds of gentlemen here are
fully made up, and I shall therefore be content
to indicate tlio votes I shall give, and some of the
reasons that influence me—reserving the usual ;
privilege of enlarging upon these views should
my remarks be written out for the eye of my
constituents. :
Sir, what is the nature and character of the
question under consideration ? It is a contest for j
a seat upon this floor as Delegate from the Terri-
tory of Kansas, wherein A. H. Reeder is the
claimant, or contestant, and J. W. Whitfield the
sitting member. We are called upon to decide
legal questions, and to act as a high court of jus-
tice, whose decision is final, rather than in a legis-
lative capacity; and we are certainly to regard
clearly-established principles of law and evidence
as well as time-honored precedents.
At the time of the organization of the present
Congress, Mr. Whitfield appeared, produced his
credentials, (which were in due form,) received
the oath of office, and took his seat as a Delegate
upon this floor. He was, prima facie at least, as
much entitled to a seat as any gentleman here.
Upon the face of the papers he was the duly- I
elected Delegate—was certified to be such by the |
Governor—was chosen at an election held under
authority of a law passed by the Kansas Legis-
lature, the members of wnich were elected in
pursuance of the act of Congress organizing that
Territory. No one can dispute, therefore, that,
as the case now stands, he shows a regular chain of
title, and a perfect right to his seat; and that it de-
volves upon those who contest this right, to disprove
his title by competent proof, in the manner prescribed
by law, and in accordance with the usages of this
body.
A. H. Reeder is the gentleman who contests
the seat, and upon his memorial the Committee of
Elections have asked for unlimited power to send
for persons and papers, and this is the immediate
question before the House. Itis proper to remark
that, at the election held pursuant to the act of the !
Kansas Legislature, Mr. Whitfield received two
thousand nine hundred votes, and Mr. Reeder
but thirty-six—the whole number of votes polled
being less than three thousand. The latter does
not claim to have been elected at that time, nor
does he pretend that all the votes cast for Mr.
Whitfield were illegal. He alleges that some hun-
dreds of them were iHegal, but does not contend,
nor does any of his friends, that any other per-
son received more legal votes at that election than
Air. Whitfield. If Mr. Whitfield had received
but one hundred legal votes, and that was the
highest number of legal votes any individual re-
ceived, he would still be clearly entitled to the
seat. Mr. Reeder claims to have been elected at
another time; and, although he says he received a
majority of the legal votes, he does not say, and
cannot say, it was at an election authorized by
any law. The truth is, it was an irregular and
unauthorized gathering of the people without any
legal sanction whatever.
Now, sir, let us look a little into the merits of
this claim to a seat set up by Mr. Reeder; and
in doing so I begin by laying down a well-known
principle of law and equity which is entirely ap-
plicable to this case, viz: that the claimant must
rely upon the strength of his own case, and not upon
the weakness of his adversary. As the lawyers say,
he must come into court with clean hands, and can-
not be allotted to take advantage of his own wrong.
Let us apply these plain and just legal principles
to Governor Reeder's claim. He says the Le-
gislature that passed the law under which Whit-
field was elected was spurious, and the law there-
fore void; but at the same time he does not pre-
entd that the election when he was chosen was
authorized by any law whatever. According to
his own version, then,Whitfield's claim is better
than his own, because the election was held under
the color of law; whereas his own was held
without- the shadow of legal foundation, and in
defiance of all law.
But it is said that outrages were perpetrated
in Kansas, and that bodies of armed men, from
the State of Missouri, invaded that Territory at
the time members of the Legislature were chosen,
and by fraud and violence carried the election,
and that, therefore, the acts of that Legislature
should have no validity. Well, let us see, if these
outrages have been perpetrated, how far Gov-
ernor Reeder is responsible for them, and what
right he has to question the legality of the Legis-
lature.
He was appointed the first Governor under the
act of Congress organizing the Territory, and
was intrusted, by the law, with every power
necessary to establish the government, and main-
tain law and order in the community. For the
time being he was, for all practical purposes,
"the State," and should be held strictly ac-
countable for his acts, whether they were of
commission or omission. Amongst other pow-
ers vested in him the act of Congress provides
that—
" Previous to the first election, the Governor shall cause
a. census or enumeration of the inhabitants and qualified
voters of the several counties and districts of.the Territory,
to be taken by such persons and in such mode as tl)e Gov-
ernor shall designate and appoint, and the person so ap-
pointed shall receive a reasonable compensation therefor.
And the first election shall be held at such time and places,
and be conducted in such manner, both as to the persons
who shall superintend such election and the returns there-
of, as the Governor shall appoint and direct; and he shall
at the same time declare the number of members of the
Council and House of Representatives to. which each of
the counties or districts shall be entitled under this act.
The persons having the highest number of legal votes in
each of said Council districts for member* of the Council
shall he declared by the Governor to be duly elected to the
Council; and the persons having the highest number of
legal votes for the House of Representatives shall be de-
clared by the Governor to be duly elected members of said
House," &c.
Now let ns see how Mr. Reeder, clothed with
this high public trust, discharged the duties which
devolved upon him. Having a giant's strength
in wielding the destinies of the Territory, let us
see whether he used it honestly and faithfully.
The story is told in an official communication to
this House by the same President who conferred
upon him the appointment:
"The Goverhor of the Territory of Kansas, commissioned
on June 29, 1854, did not reach the designated seat of his
Government until the 7th of the ensuing October, and even
then failed to make tlie first step in its legal organization,
that of ordering the census or enumeration of its inhabitants,
until so late a day, that the election of the members of the
Legislative Assembly did not take place until March 30,1655,
nor its meeting until July 2, 1855. So that, for a year after
the Territory was, constituted by the act of Congress, and
the officers to be appointed by the Federal Executive had
been commissioned, it was without a complete government,
without any legislative authority, without local law, and,
of course, without the ordinary guarantees of peace and
public order.
" In other' respects, the Governor, instead of exercising
constant vigilance, and putting forth all his energies to pre-
vent or counteract the tendencies to illegality, which are
prone to exist in all imperfectly-organized and newly-asso-
ciated communities, allowed his attention to be diverted
from official obligations by other objects, and himself set
an example of the violation of law, iu the performance of
acts which rendered it my duty in the sequel to remove
