1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
General Government, and reserved in so strict a
wanner that it v/as not in the competence of the
Government to delegate that power to the city
authorities. That places the city of Washington
in a very remarkable- condition. It places the
people here under the necessity of having two
sets of curators or city fathers—first the Govern-
ment of the United States, and next the city au- '
thorities, who derive their power from the charter
of the city. The cities of the District of Colum-
bia are rather large municipal communities; they
are growing larger every day; and their interests
are becoming exceedingly important, not to them-
selves alone, but to the rest of the community
around them. Usually, in our country, the city
authorities are deemed the best judges of what
is for the best interest of the community which
they govern; but in the city of Washington there
is an impermm in imperio. The city authorities,
under their charter, have a certain extent of
power; but the jurisdiction over the streets and
avenues seems to be reserved to the higher power
of the Federal Government.
Now, then, as to the exercise of that power
here. We have granted a charter to this railroad
company to connect the Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road with the railroad authorized to be built from
Alexandria to some point on the south side of the
Potomac river. As I, and all the members of the
committee I believe, construe the charter of that
company, it contemplated that the road which this
should meet on the District side should be a road
reaching the southern side of the Potomac some-
where at or above Georgetown; but it seems that
the company have construed their charter other-
wise. The charter gave them power to lay their
road in and along the streets of the city, but for-
bade them going along Pennsylvania avenue.
The railroad company, during the recess of
Congress, construing their charter as they did
construe it—and I suppose with the advice of
counsel—considered that the power conferred on
them to pass their road in and along the streets
of Washington authorized them to make their
road, as they have made it,along Maryland ave-
nue, bringing it in that direction from the Potomac
river, to connect with the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad depot, to do which it was necessary to
cross Pennsylvania avenue.
It appears that they construed the right to pass
in and along the streets as giving the authority to
cross Pennsylvania avenue. Be that as it may,
however, they have now made a railroad extend-
ing from Alexandria to the southern shores of the
Potomac at the Long Bridge, and they have made
a railroad on the District or northern side of the
river, extending along Maryland avenue, and
crossing Pennsylvania avenue near the Capitol
gates, going to the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
depot. The Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia thought this was not warranted by the
charter, but a majority of the committee believed
that the public convenience would be very much
subserved by such a railroad; and they believed,
also, that, crossing Pennsylvania avenue where
it does cross it, near to the Capitol gates, is a
point where the crossing will be less injurious to
the occupants of Pennsylvania avenue. In that
they differ entirely from the Senator from Ohio,
who has expressed tho belief that the railroad
crosses Pennsylvania avenue at the most incon-
venient point. It crosses Pennsylvania at that
point where it terminates against Capitol Hill,
and where tho avenue is the least occupied. It is
not in contemplation, as 1 understand, to use that
part of the road more than twice a day at the
furthest; but if they use it oftener, what differ-
ence is there between crossing the avenue with a
railroad car drawn by horses, and crossing it
with the innumerable omnibuses which at this
point frequently obstruct it? Nobody objects to
the omnibuses being there. The public con-
nience is very much subserved by the omnibuses.
Whenever we pass this point, we find three or
four of them crossing and recrossing every ten
minutes (luring the day.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Every two minutes and
a half.
Mr. MASON. I am not aware of the exact
time, but I know it is very frequent. We have
not heard of the omnibuses being a source of
serious inconvenience. I do not see that a rail-
road car crossing this point two or three times a
day will produce any inconvenience to speak of
in comparison with that which must result from
having so many omnibuses there.
Tire Senator from Ohio has said that we have
refused, at this session, to appropriate for the
Long Bridge. That is true; and if the Long
Bridge be discontinued, as it must be if we cease
to appropriate for it, this company will have no
alternative but to discontinue their road, or sub-
stitute a ferry-boat, as they probably would do,
for crossing the river.
The section which the Senator from Ohio has
moved to strike out is merely to legalize what
the company have done, if they did misconstrue
their charter, or to declare the charter to have
given them authority to do what they have done.
Whenever the question is determined—which
must be determined at some time—as to what
point of the Potomac river shall be crossed by a
permanent railroad bridge, I do not know whether
it will be erossed at the point indicated as the
terminus of this railroad or not. If so, there will
be a railroad already made. If not, those gen-
tlemen who have embarked their capital in this
road will find that they have embarked in an
unfortunate enterprise.
But, sir, the road is very nearly constructed; it
is approaching completion. The city authorities,
so far from complaining, have acquiesced, as far
as they can acquiesce, in tliis use of the street.
I no not think the slight inconvenience, if there
be any at all, in crossing Pennsylvania avenue at
its actual terminus by railroad cars, drawn by
horses two or three times a day, is such an incon-
venience as would authorize or permit Congrpss,
in the exercise of a wise discretion, to take from
the public the great benefit which will ensue when
this road shall have been brought into actual use.
I hope, therefore, the motion to strike out will
not prevail.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, but for the
cxpericnce which I had on this subject during
the last Congress, I should not trouble the Sen-
ate with a word upon it at this time. During
the last Congress the Senate was applied to twice,
if not three times, to allow this railroad to cross
Pennsylvania avenue; but the Senate would not
hear the proposition. At the heel of the session
a bill was passed, under the authority of which
this company now claim the right to cross Penn-
sylvania avenue. You will recollect, Mr. Presi-
dent, that, when the report of the committee of
conference on that bill was presented — it was
passed through in haste—I distinctly inquired of
you whether it certainly protected us agaiastany
pretext for crossing the avenue ? It was answered
that it did. The Committee on the District of
Columbia have examined the question, and I
understand the honorable Senator from Virginia
to say that they are unanimous in the opinion
that, under that bill, there was no right on the
part of this company to run a railroad track across
Pennsylvania avenue.
What, however, do we find to be the facts? I
confess that wlien I came here this session, and
saw that railroad track laid across Pennsylvania
avenue, I was as much surprised as I should have
been to see tho canal transferred to Pennsylvania
avenue, throughout its entir# length. Sir, it is
an illustration of the importance and necessity
everywhere of Legislatures looking carefully, if
they mean to protect themselves against corpora-
tions.
I will state the reason why I pressed so sternly
the opposition, at the last session, to any such
measure. There is no other city in the Union,
of which I am aware, that occupies a position
similar to the city of Washington. It is used
for a puiposc different from any other city in the
Union; it is laid out upon a different scale. Its
objects, the enjoyments of the people, the enjoy-
ments of the public, all distinguish it in an emi-
nent degree from any other city in the Union. It
is not intended to be a great business mart. Un-
doubtedly it will grow to be a very considerable
city; but that is not its primary object.
I desire briefly to make a few suggestions,
which I think will strike every Senator at a
glance; and first, I wish to test the argument of
the honorable Senator from Virginia. Pie says
that the passage of a train of cars across the
avenue, at the Capitol gate, will not amount to any-
thing like the inconvenience which now results
from the omnibuses being stationed there. Why,
sir, if you permit the railroad track to remain,
and allow the railroad cars to go across, you will
have both inconveniences. The railroad will not
do away with the omnibuses. They run from
the Capitol to Georgetown, throughout the length
of Pennsylvania avenue, for the benefit of the
residents here. They stop at this point; and they
will continue to do so, whether the railroad track
be there or not.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman will do me
justice, I think.
Mr. STUART. I desire to do it.
Mr. MASON. What I said was, that the
omnibuses have been there for several years,
crossing and recrossing, as gentlemen say, and I
have no doubt correctly, every two or three min-
utes in the day; and yet no complaint has been
made as to any inconvenience resulting from
them. Why, then, can it be supposed to be
inconvenient to have a car drawn by horses
crossing this point two or three times a day ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly, as the Senator
says, I would not do him injustice designedly or
impliedly; but I was testing his argument, and I
said that we should have both inconveniences.
The Senator says the company do not design to
use this part of the road more than twice a day.
Why, sir, they design to use it according to their
interest. That is what a railroad company always
design.
Mr.MASON. And what they ought to design.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir, they ought to attend
to their own interests, and they always do it.
What are the facts as they now exist here ? The
cars come in from Baltimore four times a day.
There is a train arriving here at six o'clock m
the morning; at eleven o'clock; at five and at
eight o'clock in the evening. There are four
trams a day each way now, on the railroad from
Washington to Baltimore, and they run in con-
nection with the southern road. rlhe omnibuses
now carry passengers to make a connection
between this road and the southern roads. If
this horse-track be continued across the city, it
will run in connection with the Baltimore road.
What will be the convenience of tho thing ?
When you get it here in front of the Capitol
gate; it will be the place to take passengers on
this train going either way, and to let them off.
That is the convenient point for them. The rail-
road will cross the avenue, and it will stop at
this point, and it will blockade the Capitol gate.
You may complain about it, but the answer will
be that they hold a chartered right. It may be
very inconvenient in many respects. You may
have a funeral procession, for the passage of
which you may desire to make arrangements,
but the cars will come, and you must get out of
their way. It may put us to serious inconve-
nience in many respects.
For these reasons I consulted with many Sen-
ators last year, and I found, I may say, a unani-
mous opinion—as nearly so as ever I saw on any
question—against allowing this thing to be done.
What, however, has happened ? In the bill
to which I have alluded, which was passed
last year, and of which you, Mr. President, had
charge, this company was authorized to build a
road to Alexandria, to cross the Potomac river near
Georgetown and to come down on the north side
of the city, using the streets and avenues there
so as to make a connection with the Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad depot. We also authorized
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company to run
a road from their present depot to a point oppo-
site Alexandria, and to cross there. 1 thought
that was pretty liberal, and I must confess that I
thought it was dangerous, and I should not have
asked the question, to which I have already al-
luded, at that period, but that I wished time to
inspect carefully any bill which gave rights to
railroad corporations in this city.
I shall not detain the Senate with any long
speech; but I desire to allude to another fact.
The honorable Senator, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, introduced
some time since a resolution of inquiry in relation
to the price of the property which it is supposed
will be needed for the extension of the Capitol
grounds. It is conceded by all that they must
be extended. If you agree to do so, in what con-
dition will you stand? You will have a railroad
running directly through them, and I suppose
you will have to pay damages to the railroad
company for tho removal of this track.
