290
APPENPJX IX) THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
34th Cong 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. English.
Ho. of Reps.
him from the office of chief executive magistrate of the
Territory."
We have already seen that the law made it his
imperative duty to cause a list of the qualified
voters in the Territory to be made out) that he
was to fix on the time and places for holding the
election, and the manner of conducting the same,
both as to the persons who should act as judges,
and the forms of returns; that he was to examine
these returns, and to decide who had received a
majority of legal votes, and to certify that such
persons were duly elected.
Another portion of the law provides, substan-
tially, that the persons thus certified to be "duly
elected" by the Governor, shall constitute the
Legislature of the Territory, and have power to
determine " all rightful subjects of legislation."
Now, an examination of the admitted facts
shows that the election was held under Governor
Reeder's proclamation fixing the time and places
—that he prescribed the rules and regulations for
conducting the election—appointed the judges,
who were sworn under his direction—that the
returns were sent to him,—and that, with full
power to decide justly and knowingly between the
different candidates, he examined the returns—
refused to issue certificates of election in some
cases, but decided to issue them in others—that
the number of persons who appeared to have
received a majority of " legal votes," and were
certified to be " duly elected" by the Governor,
amounted to a large majority of both branches of
the Legislature; and that, in fact, there were but
nine cases of alleged illegality, and that even in
these cases he ordered a new election, and sub- ■
sequent! y issued certificates to the persons chosen
at said second election.
Sir, it was his duty, as the Chief Executive of !
the Territory, and sworn guardian of the law, to
refuse certificates to those who were not duly and
legally chosen Representatives by the people. If
the rights of the actual residents of the Territory
were invaded by armed bodies of men from Mis-
souri, and if the elections were carried by fraud
and violence, he was the man, and that was the time
and the place to rebuke it; and yet we hear not one
word about the illegality of the elections in any
other than the nine contested cases before men-
tioned, until some five or six months afterwards,
and not until he had been removed from office by
the President, and had united his fortunes with
the emigrant aid society; and it will not now do
for him to say that, during all this time he was
ignorant of the tilings he now alleges to be true
in reference to the legitimacy of the Legislature.
Can he come forward now, and say that this was
no Legislature—that the members were usurpers,
and without authority to enact laws, in the very
face of his own certificates as a sworn public
officer, that more than two thirds of them were
"duly elected?" Could any position be more
absurd ? And yet he must assume it, or entirely
fail to make out his case.
We not only find that he certified to the legiti-
macy of their election, but that he issued his
proclamation convening them, as the regular au-
thorized Legislature, at Pawnee City, July 2,
1855. This, mark you, was more than three
months after the election. Surely he did not
want more than three months to find out whether
they were spurious. If spurious, why did he
convene them ? and why, when they had met,
and organized in the usual parliamentary form, '
did he address a message to them, as the regular
law-making power of the Territory, suggesting
various subjects which ought to be legislated
upon; and, among others, this very one for the
election of a Delegate to Congress ? He now
eomes here, and charges these men with being
usurpers, and that they had no right to legislate
upon a subject which he had specially invited them
to consider in his message. How, as an honor-
able man, can he do these things ?
It is true that he finally got into a quarrel with
the Legislature; but the ground of that quarrel was
their adjournment from Pawnee City, where he
had convened them, andwlierehe was largely inter-
ested in real estate, to Shawnee Mission. He did
then deny the legality of laws enacted at the latter
place; but, as the propriety of removal would seem
to be " a rightful subject of legislation," such as
the aet pf Congress referred to the decision of the
Legislature, I am at a loss to see the force of his
objections; and especially, in view of the addi-
tional fact, that the supreme court of the Terri-
tory has decided that such adjournment did not
invalidate the laws enacted after the removal.
It will be observed that, even during the pend-
ency of this quarrel, the Governor did not dispute
the legality of the election of the members, but
only their right to adjourn from one place to an-
other. I have examined carefully without being
able to find that the question of the legality of
the election was ever raised during the whole of
his official term. I feel confident it was not. It
was his place to guard against fraud and violence,
and to protect the purity of the ballot-box. In
the absence of any proof to the contrary, we are
bound to presume that he discharged his duty.
But we have_more than this presumption. We
have his positive authority for saying that two
thirds of that Legislature were " duly elected"—
more than sufficient to constitute a quorum and
transact business—and we know that it devolves
upon every legislative body to judge of the elec-
tion returns and qualifications of its own mem-
bers. If the alleged outrages were perpetrated,
then the conclusion is irresistible that the Gov-
ernor basely betrayed the trust reposed in liim as
a sworn public officer, in not denouncing them
when they occurred; in certifying falsely to the
election of members, and in recognizing, as the
regular law-making power of the Territory, a
body of men whom he now denounces before the
country as " border ruffians" and usurpers.
Are we now, at great trouble and expense, to
send for persons and papers to prove the falsity
of his own official acts as they stand upon the
public records of the country ? If his official acts
are to be regarded as evidence, then the Legisla-
ture of Kansas was a legal body—the act under
which General Whitfield was elected is valid,
and the claim of Governor Reeder to the seat is
wholly unfounded, and unworthy the serious
consideration of this House.
It will be seen that the great point pressed by
Governor Reeder's friends, is the alleged illegality
of the laws passed by the Kansas Legislature;
and yet, it is a little remarkable that at the same
time the Black Republican Committee of Elections
are urging that the laws passed by that body are
entirely void, the Black Republican Committee
on Territories have brought forward a bill to re-
peal them. If the laws are already void, pray
where is the necessity of repealing them by an
act of Congress ? Was it a spurious Legislature,
and the law under which Wnitfield was elected,
void ? This is made the all important question
by Governor Reeder; but, unfortunately for his
case, there are two things which must, like Ban-
quo's ghost, forever rise up in judgment against
him, and will not down at his bidding, viz: His
solemn and oft-repeated recognition of the Legis-
lature's validity, and the undisputed fact, that the
election under which he claims the seat was held
without any authority of law whatever.
Sir, I do not choose, on this occasion, to go into
the question whether we would not be justified,
under certain circumstances, in inquiring into the
validity of the election of members of the Kansas
Legislature, nor as to the point whether the act
of a Legislature chosen, as our friends on the other
side allege this to have been, could be made valid
by the recognition and acquiescence of the Gov-
ernor of the Territory. I am speaking of this
case at present, as between the sitting member and
the gentleman who claims the seat; and my mind
has arrived at the conclusion that the claim of the
latter is without a shadow of foundation, and
that it would be inadmissible even if all his ma-
terial allegations were supported by competent
proof.
There is no reason, therefore, as far as his claim
is concerned, that I should vote to send for per- j
sons and papers; and, even were his claim more
tenable, I should be justified in my vote, on the
ground that it would be a departure from the
usages of this body and the law of Congress in
reference to contests of this kind.
In 1851, Congress passed a law " prescribing
the mode of taking evidence in cases of contested
elections." Why did not Governor Reeder pre-
pare his case, and present it to Congress with the
evidence as the law required i He gave Mr.
Whitfield written notice of his intention to contest
the seat, and stating times and places when he
would take the depositions of his witnesses, thus
showing that he had a knowledge of the require-
ments of the law. If he did take these deposi-
tions, asit was his duty to do, and as he informed
his competitor he would do, where are they, and
why are we called upon now to grant a commit-
tee of his friends the extraordinary power of send-
ing to distant regions for persons and papers ?
Mr. Speaker, I do not wish it to be understood
that I am opposed to all investigation of Kansas
affairs, because I hold an investigation in the man-
ner proposed by the committee, to be unnecessary
for the proper consideration and decision of this
contested election.
I know that it is charged upon this side of the
House that we are afraid to have the facts exam-
ined—that we wish to shut out the light, and to
stifle all investigation. The charge, so far as I
am advised, is without any foundation. It is
believed, on this side, that it is not needed in the
decision of the present question; that if evidence
is required, it should have been procured and
brought here by Governor Reeder in the manner
prescribed by law; and that if a further investiga-
tion is desirable, it should not be conducted under
the auspices of a partisan committee, in the man-
ner proposed. This,sir, is the position we occupy,
and I am not afraid to maintain it before an intel-
ligent constituency. For my own part, I believe
that these Kansas troubles have been exaggerated
and magnified a thousand-fold; and I should, as a
matter of policy, if for no other reason, be willing
to have an investigation, and all the evidence
taken the parties desire, provided it could be fairly
done, and with a proper regard to economy. As
proof of my willingness to do this, I am ready to
vote for the proposition submitted by the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Bennett,] which
provides—
"That Joseph H. Bradley and Sidney S. Baxter, Esqs.,
of the city of Washington, be, and they are hereby, ap-
pointed commissioners for and on behalf of this House, to
take depositions and obtain process by taking copies of all
such documents as may be desired by either party, or their
agents or attorneys, in regard to the contested seal of Hon.
Mr. Whitfield, as Delegate for Kansas, under the petition
of Hon. Mr. Reeder; that said Bradley and Baxter be, and
they are hereby, clothed with full power to adopt all need-
ful means to elicit clear and fall proof upon all points which
the parties respectively may submit to tbem as facts they,
or either of them, desire to establish or controvert; that
they shall give to the parties respectively written and rea-
sonable notice of the time and place at which they will be
ready to proceed in taking such depositions, and may ad-
journ the same to other times and places as, in their judg-
ment and discretion, will tend to the full and perfect elicit-
ing of the truth touching all such controverted matters; and
that, when they shall have completed their labors, they re-
port the same to this House."
The gentlemen mentioned are distinguished
lawyers of this city; and, as far as I have heard,
not objectionable to any portion of the House. I
am not tenacious, however, as to the men, and
am willing that any other names may be substi-
tuted, provided they are gentlemen of integrity,
of proper legal attainments, and not partisans or
prejudiced in reference to the case. What more
can gentlemen upon the other side ask ? If they
are sincere in wishing this matter fairly investi-
gated, and with due reference to economy, let
them come forward in support of this proposition,
and not thrust in its place a plan which gives the
investigation a party character, and which is
highly objectionable to us for that and other rea-
sons. If gentlemen upon that side expect us to
aid in conferring this unlimited power upon the
committee, they will be very much mistaken. For
one I will never do it. That committee is com-
posed mainly of my political opponents—gentle-
men whose extreme views are well known to the
country. We know what to expect fromacom-
mittee thus constituted.
I do not want to minister to the sickly sen-
timentality which unfortunately prevails in cer-
tain localities in reference to the institution of
slavery. I deeply deplore that the'admonitions
of the " Father of his Country" are seemingly so
soon forgotten, and that so strong a tendency
prevails to form parties purely of a sectional char-
acter. I will not encourage this spirit of section-
alism. I am for the Constitution, and the Union,
and will not trample upon the rights of any por-
tion of the Confederacy.
I do not believe the Black Republicans desire'
