1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MASON. There is a provision in the bill
that it shall be removed without cost at the pleas-
ure of Congress.
Mr. STUART. But then, I suppose, there is
a difficulty about that. Whenever you come to
fight a corporation in Congress that has got the
ground, I apprehend that you will find some
difficulty in getting a bill passed to remove the
track. You gave them, in the bill of last year,
a right to go around the city; and they have as-
sumed, under that bill, authority to go across it.
Sanction this usurpation—let them go across it—
and you will find that it will be a very difficult
business to get up their track.
Is there any necessity requiring this track to
be laid across Pennsylvania avenue ? I have not
looked into the matter of cost; but even if it should
cost something more to comply with the terms
of the grant which Congress gave to them, yet
it would make the connection perfectly, and there
would not be ten minutes' difference. In fact,
if they were to complete their arrangements prop-
erly, it would be a quicker transit to cross above
Georgetown and to connect by means of steam
(as they might do under the charter given by Con-
fress) with the Baltimore depot, instead of going
y horse power; and thus the expedition of trav-
elers would be benefited. Then your city would
be saved. Should it not be saved? The very
fact stated by the Senator from "Virginia, I think,
ought to be conclusive in all cases of this sort.
In the transfer of this property, the committee
tell us the right over the streets was vested solely
in Congress. For what purpose? For the pur-
pose of securing the city throughout all time
against the introduction of these things, which
break its beauty, spoil its usefulness, and subvert
its original object.
1 confess that, for a subject which does not con-
cern me, individually—one which I look upon
only in the light in which every citizen of the
United States regards this city of Washington,
bearing the name of its great founder—I have a
deep feeling against the usurpation in this case.
It is without any foundation, in the unanimous
opinion of the committee. It is a trifling with the
sense of Congress, and especially with the opinion
of the Senate, which was manifested twice or
three times deeidedly during the last Congress
against it. Some of the directors of this company,
hearing perhaps of my opposition to it, came to
me and importuned me again and again privately
to permit this to be done, so far as my action was
concerned. I told them that,in my judgment, the
sense of the Senate was decidedly against it. The
last proposition which they submitted was,
whether there would be any objection to allowing
them to cross the river between here and George-
town, and tunnel under the avenue, and then ap-
proach the Baltimore depot through the streets
on the north side of the city. I answered no. I
say, however, that they knew what the sense of
the Senate was, and yet they have deliberately
taken advantage of the limited power conferred
on them. I hope, sir, that the Congress of the
United States, in the exercise of that important
discretion which has been vested in them over
the streets of this city, will preserve them from
any such interference.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I have listened
with some attention to the Senator from Michi-
gan, and the Senator from Ohio, in order to ascer-
tain a reason for the extraordinary opposition
which is manifested to this measure. I have heard
but one—that it may be inconvenient to gentlemen
who occasionally pass along Pennsylvania avenue.
All the talk about the authority over the streets of
the city being vested in Congress has not a leg
to stand upon. It does not deserve the name of
an argument. By the Constitution of tliellnited :
States, Congress has exclusive jurisdiction over j
this District in all cases whatsoever. It has the
same power over corporations within its limits;
and has exercised those powers from the begin-
ning of the Government without question, which
any State in this Union has in the formation of
municipal corporations within its limits. The
State of New York has no more authority over
the city of New York, and Georgia has no more
authority over the cities of Augusta, Savannah,
and M.icon, lhan Congress has over the District
of Columbia. We have the right to legislate for
them.
The question now is, will we allow this rail-
road to cross Pennsylvania avenue ? Congress, in
1854, in the bill to-frhich the Senator from Mich-
igan refers, gave to this company the right to go
where they pleased along and across any street
in the city of Washington, except along and
through Pennsylvania avenue. There is not one
word m the whole bill about crossing Pennsylva-
nia avenue, as the Senator from Michigan erro-
neously states. I presume the fact is, that he has
not read the bill on which he has commented.
Mr. STUART. Let me correct the Senator
on that point. I read the bill with a great deal of
care, and I gave to it the same construction that the
Committee on the District of Columbia have unan-
imously given to it—that there was no authority
under that act to cross Pennsylvania avenue at
all.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have stated the language of
the law. If Congress meant to prohibit the rail-
road from crossingPennsylvaniaavenue, it would
have been very easy to use terms which would
have conveyed that idea; but words have been
employed which are liable to the construction
which I have stated. I have given the language
of that act. I have had occasion to examine it
as a member of the Committee on the Judiciary,
to which the subject was first referred. I say it
gave authorityto the companyto go along,across,
up, and down2 any street within the corporate
limits of the city of Washington, except along
and through Pennsylvania avenue. These are
the words used. There is not a word about cross-
ing the avenue. There was a projet on hand to
run a railroad along and through Pennsylvania
avenue to Georgetown. That was objected to,
and T think rightly, because it would probably
occasion great inconvenience to the public; but in
this charter there is not a word against crossing
Pennsylvania avenue.
The question of the power of Congerss over
the streets and avenues of the city of Washing-
ton, which has been made the subject of a report
by the Committee on the District of Columbia,
does not arise in this case at all. Congress has
as much right to allow the railroad to run across
Pennsylvania avenue as across any other street.
Congress has already granted that power. There
is no more sanctity in Pennsylvania avenue than
in Missouri avenue, or in Connecticut avenue, or
in D street, or any other street in the city. The
Foweris the same over the one as the other; and
presume nobody ever did dispute it before this
committee raised the idea that Congress has su-
preme power and control over the streets. I say
that Congress has the same eminent domain over
the District as any State of the Union has over
any city within its limits; and it can grant priv-
ileges like these.
The argument against this measure amounts
to that of the popinjay soldier, (it has about the
same force, and will last about as long, in the judg-
ment of mankind,) who did not like an " unhand-
some corse" to come "betwixt the wind and his
nobility." The Senator from Michigan says that
if railroad cars be allowed to pass on this track,
it will occasion inconvenience to Senators. This
great artery of commerce, now stretching from
Maine to the Gulf of Mexico, is to be broken at
this point, lest an honorable Senator should be
compelled to wait for a half a minute for the rail-
road train to pass.
Railroads run through the lands of the people
of this country from Maine to Texas, and it is
proposed to go beyond the Rocky Mountains.
You take everybody's land through which your
road may pass. Land is taken away from any
citizen in this Republic over whose farm a rail-
road may go. We run through towns and cities.
Any energetic people like this will compel a tem-
porary inconvenience of a local community to
succumb to a great public interest. It has been
obliged to yield heretofore, and it will yield again.
There was a break here in the communication
between the North and the South. Everybody
saw it, and saw the necessity of filling up the gap.
There was a break of six or seven miles between
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad depot here, and
the southern railroads at Alexandria. The trans-
portation of goods and passengers over that short
interval, probably costs more than it would over
fifty miles of finished road, to say nothing of the
time and actual money lost to the people who
travel from the North to the South.
The city of Washington, by their corporate
authorities, with great unanimity, have sub-
scribed, I think, fifty or sixty thousand dollars to
the railroad to Alexandria. In this case I am glad
to say that they have not come to you, as they
usually do, to ask you to do it for them. They
have only asked you for the privilege of connect-
ing the Baltimore and Ohio railroad with the Al-
exandria railroad, in such a manner as to have
an unbroken connection along the whole Atlantic
coast. It is a matter of the first importance to
all travellers, and for the transportation of persons
and produce. The city wants it; the people want
it; but you say to them, " Go anywhere else, but
do not cross Pennsylvania avenue, because some
Senator will have to wait at the gate." Sir, the
inconvenience of any gentleman who may be de-
layed for half a minute, or a few seconds, by the
passing of a railroad car, is not so great as theft
which results from the six-horse Omnibuses
which go along, and through, and wherever they
please, on Pennsylvania avenue, without objec-
tion.
The people desire this connection; the city of
Washington asks for it. The only question is,
'whether a horse shall drag an omnibus upon iron
rails or upon paving-stones. The cars are to be
pulled on this track by horses; and what is the
difference between allowing an omnibus with six
or ten horses to go through or across Pennsylva-
nia avenue in order to transport passengers, and
allowing a car or an omnibus to cross the street
on iron rails? This is the whole question. It is
proposed that they shall cross at a single point
which will best promote the convenience of the
people of this city.
The argument of the Senator from Michigan,
threatening the Senate and Congress with the
power of corporations, might do in some places.
1 suppose it might do m some crowds. Such
appeals might answer on the hustings in some
places, but in very few, 1 think. I do not sup-
pose the Senate are to be intimidated by appre-
hensions as to the power which corporations may
have over them. If we give authority to this
company to make a connection of six or seven
miles of road, and if we should hereafter wish
them to take up their track and remove it to some-
where else than across Pennsylvania avenue, are
we to be told that the power of the corporation
will prevent it? We tell them in this bill that
they must take it up at their own cost on our will
and pleasure; but it is suggested that this railroad
corporation, with a road six or seven miles long,
will be too powerful for the almighty arm (as
some gentlemen would characterize it) of th'c
Senate and Congress of the United States. This
is the terror—the bugbear! If you will allow
them to cross the avenup, even with these condi-
tions, this mammoth corporation will swallow
you all up! Sir, it is an argument addressed to
our fears. I have no reply to make to it.
1 take it that this measure rests upon the same
principle which has been carried out throughout
the country. We have had some experience of
it, and we have suffered very much heretofore
from attempts to prevent railroads going through
cities. No State has suffered more than Virginia,
and I trust she will soon have the wisdom to do
as nearly all the States of the Union have done—
leave the transportation of persons and passen-
gers unrestricted. The cupidity of cities and
towns will be rode over, and the inconvenience
of Senators will be rode over, in order to satisfy
the great wants of the free and unrestricted
intercourse of people and produce in our coun-
try. At Richmond, in Virginia, the corporate
authorities will not allow a connection between
the roads; and so at Petersburg. That was the
course generally pursued in the United States
when we commenced the system of transporta-
tion by railroad. It was the case in my own
State. In Macon and Augusta, the corporate
authorities stood out against it; but the interests
and the necessities of the public finally triumphed.
I think an effort lias been lately made to interpose
some obstructions in Pennsylvania; but public
opinion will take them away, oven though a
sovereign State may stand up for them. Nothing
else can reach Pennsylvania in this matter but
public opinion; and public opinion will prevail
in Pennsylvania as it has done elsewhere. Here
the thousands of persens who are dailyand hourly
passing on this great thoroughfare between New
York and the extreme South, will not permit,
