1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imt'
resentatives of Lewis Reggio—to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
A bill to extend the rights granted by the act
approved 7th of January, 1853, entitled ''An act
authorizing certain soldiers of the late war wiih
Great Britain to surrender the bounty lands
drawn by them, and to locate others in lieu thereof
—to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill to confirm to certain persons therein
named their titles to certain lots in Prairie da
Chien, Wisconsin—to the Committee on Private
Land Claims,
A bill for the relief of Talbot C. Dousman—to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of Napoleon B. Gill, of
Perry county, Missouri, and for other purposes
—to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin La Fonte, Wil-
liam Altenburg, and others—to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
A bill for the relief of Bridget Maher—to the ^
Committee on Indian Affairs.
A joint resolution to pay the pension due Pa-
mehaSIavin, late the wife of John Blue, deceased,
to her administrator—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The message also announced a bill making ap-
propriations for fortifications and other works of
defense, and for repairs of barracks and quarters
for the year ending June SO, 1857; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
IMPROVEMENTS ON THE LAKES*
On motion of Mr. PUGIX, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the following reso-
lution, submitted by him on the 24th July:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the
Peiwte whether any general survey or other examination
ha-? ever been made ot tiie ,-hoies and Hands of Lakes fc?u-
peuor, Michigan, Huion, St. Clair, line, Orstano, and
Chruiijiluin, with a view to the location and ejection of
♦ lisjht-hou-e-;, buoys, harbors of refuge, or other improve-
ments for the piotection of voxels engaged m the naviga-
tion ot tlio-e \v,itei>, and, if *0, to communicate the icaulis
officii oi other examination.
That tii" I'rei-ideut he reque^M to communicate, also,
whatever information can be denved horn any of the De-
partment'- in luferonce to the following points::
1. The number and general de<cnption ot the vessels en-
gaged ui t*ie navigation of each lake ; the number of pas
senders and value of the pmpeity >o transported, year hy
yeat. for the l.vt eleven year-; nnd the amount of duties
paid at each port dining tile -aine period, or which would
liave been payable Imt tor the piov.'-ions of tiie late treaty
of ro'Mpiocity with the British Amencau po-oC-.-unnq.
2. The numbei and location ot the hu'ht houses, buoys,
harbors, and othet impio-vements, established hy tiie Gov-
ernment or t,hu United States, and the amount expended
for eacil improvement (with the paitieular cnaiges of ex-
penditure) during the la^t eleven \eats.
That riie President ':e requested to inform the Senate,
nl-o, what additional nnpiovomont* (whuther light-houses,
buoy-, hai!)or> of refuge, oi o! any other description) are
nece--:u\, m hi- opinion, to pioteet the navigation of the
l.ikr- above-mention.•<! . at v\!i.U pl.ieo-. tin v ought to bo
ejected, and, a-, tai a- pn^ihle, u iiat -lionId !><• the p:mie-
ular de-ei iptiou and < \p.'n<e of eaeh improvement.
And aho whether, m e.i^e the authentic- oi citizens of
any hmm!iI\, upon ••Jtncr ut' tho t-anl bihe~, -h<>iild und  r-
take, or ha\ e undertaken. the erection of a hai bi  fot eom-
niereial pinpo-e-s what piopornon of tiie whole r\p< n-e
the Government ot the I'mted States onglit lo ;i,;y. in hi-;
opinion, for the establishment and mnmtcn.niet of miWi
haibor as a harbor ot remge and hkewi.-e b\ i.-a-on of
the protection thereby attoided to tl'e ves^i Is and piopeity
of the Government,or with a view to the mcjca^eol the H
public levemie. j;
And aUo whether it is practicable, and. m hie opinion, j
expedient, to reserve, annually, a propouion of the uum'S |
levied, or chargeable, at each port of collection upon tne ,
satd lakes, tiie same to be expended by tiie Government, or j
b\ the local authorities, rorthe protection and improvement !
of commerce at each of -nch poits ; and. if so, what pro j
portion of duties ought to be reserved. ' j
Mr. PUGH. My only purpose is to derive j
information by which we can legislate under- j
standingly upon the subject which has been so !
much debated here of late. 1 hope, therefore. I
there will be no objection to the adoption of the j
resolution. i
Mr. D1GLER. Does the Senator expect to |
get that information for the use of Congress at <
the present session? j
Mr, PUG H. No, sir; I presume it will not be !
here before the beginning of the next session; 1
but still 1 deem it important.
The resolution was adopted.
THOMAS CROWN.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a hill communi-
cated to the Senate by the Court of Claims, the
28th of July, for the relief of Thomas Crown,
with the opinion of the court in the case, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Senate last year
passed a bill allowing this claimant §6,000, and
the court have allowed him half that sum. The
opinion of the court was unanimous, and the
opinion of the Committee on Claims is also unan-
imous in favor of it. I ask that the bill may be
put on its passage at the present time.
By unanimous consent the bill was read twice,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Thomas Crown $3,500 in full for
the sum to which he is entitled, under a contract
made by him on the 16th of March, 1826, for the
delive'ry of bricks to be used for the fortifications
in Oak Island, Cape Fear river, North Carolina.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
RICHARD W. THOMPSON.
Mr. TRTJM BULL. I ask to have taken up the
bill (S. No. 140) which was left as the unfinished
business of the morning hour some days since,
providing for the compensation of the agents for
paving pensions.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to take up the case
left as the unfinished business of Friday evening,
which is the report from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs in relation to the claim of Richard
W. Thompson.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. The bill
to provide for paying pension agents was consid-
ered in the morning hour a few days since, and
postponed, with the understanding that it was to
come up the next day. On the next day the Senate
thought proper to go into executive session in the
morning hour, and there was no opportunity to
get it up. I hope the Senator from Indiana will
allow that bill to be disposed of now.
Mr. BRIGHT. That will necessarily lead
to a very extended debate. The report to winch
I refer is the unfinished business of Friday, and it
is expected, I believe, to dispose of it during the
morning hour. 1 think we can do so. I trust the
Senator will not press his bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T suppose the bill to which
I refer has precedence, it is very certain that
the matter which was up on Friday is one about
which there is considerable feeling, and it cannot
be disposed of very soon.
Mr. BRIG FIT. There will be a proposition
not to debate the subject at all. I think it prob-
able we may dispose of it without debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. "VVeller
in the chair.) The report to which the Senator
from Indiana alludes has precedence, being the
unfinished business at the last adjournment of
the Senate. The bill to which the Senator from
Illinois refers has been up and postponed. The
question is on proceeding to the consideration
of the report of the Committee on Indian Affairs
on tiie ctamiof Richard W.Thompson against the
Abniomonee Indians.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pending
motion is to recommit the report with the instruc- !
tions moved by the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. j
Seba«5TI\Nw.1
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President— !
Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me to move an am^nd- !
mentatthe end of the report, in order that the
question may be settled by a vote of the Senate.
It meets the concurrence of a majority of the
; Committee on Indian Affairs, and it is:
I Pcsolvet*. That the senate nirree to the above repojt, and
; that the said liiennnl YV\ Thotnp-on is, m the opni'ori of
the Semite, < ntaied to he paid the Mini appiopnatod in the
t\\< nty-^eventh -eeii'm ot the civil and diplomatic appio-
priatmn aet, appioved Maich 3, IKo.
That brings the question directly befo/e the
Senate.
Mr. BROWN. When the Senate adjourned on
Friday evening, I was m the oct of delivering my
views on the subject. I have no disposition to
I trespass on the time of the Senate. 1 believe ;
■ almost every Senator, perhaps every one, has
; made up his mind as to how he is s;oiiig to vote,
j If, therefore, it be the sense of the Senate to take
i the vote without further discussion, I am willing
i to agrue to that course. If other Senators do not
! feel disposed to debate the question further, I do
I not; but, if the discussion is to go on, I desire to
I be heard.
Mr. BIGGS. I have not made up my mind
as to one point, to which 1 wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senator from Mississippi, it is stated
by one of the Senators that there was a law pro-
hibiting any contract between individuals and the
Indians. It is denied on one side. I should like
to see the law which it is said was prior to the
execution of this contract between Thompson
and the Indians.
Mr. BROWN. My understanding is, though
I have not the authorities with me, that there
was an act of Congress passed, amounting to
something like what the Senator says; but it
was passed subsequent to entering into this con-
tract. The contract in this case was made in the
Indian Office, in the presence of the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs, received his sanction, and, ac-
cording to the report of the Commissioner, re-
ceived the sanction of the Interior Department,
not as now organized, but as it was then. If
there had been any law prohibiting such contracts
at that time, as a matter of course that could
not have occurred.
I suppose, Mr. President, that we shall hardly
have the assent'of the Senators on the other side
to stop the discussion at this point. If they say
so, however, I desire to know it before I open
the discussion, or say anything which by possi-
bility shall provoke remark on the other side;
for f am really desirous of disposing of the ques-
tion as Rogn as possible—more so than to discuss
it. If I receive no answer, 1 shall assume that
we are to have no further discussion,
Mr. PUGH. As far as I am concerned, I cer-
tainly wish to be heard in opposition to this
claim, especially in opposition to the statement
last made by the Senator from Mississippi, that
this contract was ever made in the Indian Office,
or even approved or recognized in any shape or
form.
Mr. BROWN, If the Senator contradicts that
in the outset, it shall be the first point which I
will settle.
Mr. PUGH. 1 admit that the general power
of attorney was acknowledged in the presence of
the acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs; but that
there was any stipulation for compensation ever
made in his presence, or with his cpnsent, 1 am
bound to deny.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, my friend from
Ohio is a lawyer. If he receives my power of
attorney to execute legal business for me, does it
not follow, as a matter of course, that he is to be
paid for his services? 1 hold in my hand the
pow.er of attorney. It empowers Mr. Thompson,
as an attorney, to transact the business of these
Indians, speaking of him as an attorney:
" Now, therefore, we, the undersigned, chiefs, bead men,
and warriors of said tube, constituting a deputation from
said tribe, now m the city of Washington, do hereby con-
stitute and appoint Richard W. Thompson our true and
lawtul attorney, and the true and lawful attorney of said
tribe, to act for and in the name of paid tribe, in the prose-
cution of said claim for additional compensation against the
United States."
Is it to be presumed that counsel thus empow-
ered to act as attorney in the prosecution of a
large claim against the Government, was goingto
do it for nothing? It is true that the amount of
compensation is not stipulated in the power of
attorney; but the paper from which I have read,
was done in the Indian Office on the 9th of Sep-
tember, 1850, and is attested by A. S. Loughry,
acting Commissioner, and signed in his official
capacity as such. Then here is a second power
of attorney more numerously signed to the same
effect, after the delegation had gone home.
The next point in the case is in the matter of
compensation. Now, 1 desire to show to my
friend from Ohio how it was managed. I read
from an " agreement between Mcnomonce In-
dians find Richard W. Thompson:"
"\nd whereas, the said power of attorney ha? been ful.y
made known and explained to u1-. and has this day been
ratified and confirmed ny ih. now,therefore, we, the umlei-
Mi,'m-d < hiof*. head men, and warrior? of the said MVnomo-
nee nation, m common couneil awmbled, at Lake Fowavv-
hay kon nay, in >aid nation, do hereby, for ourselves and
our -aid nation, aujiee ami covenant wiih our said attorney,
Riehaid W. Thompson, that he shall havp and receive as
compensation for tiie services lie has rendered and slia.I
hr-teaffer tender our «aid nation in the prosecution of said
claim, thuty-tniee and one third per cent., or one tinrdJ™'*
of u hat?oevfr -iim may be allowed us by the United
hv virtue theieof. but with the express understanding uiai
if notimi" is allowed our nation on cla'm^ our
attorney &hall receive no compensation whatever lrom our
said nation."
