1902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Augustjt,
" And we, the chiefs, head men, and warriors aforesaid,
with the full and free consent of our nation, hereby au-
thoiise and request our great father, the President of the
United States, to cause to be paid to our said attorney,
Richard W. Thompson, the aforesaid thirty-three and one
third per cent., orone third part of whatever additional sum
mav be allowed our said nation over and above the bum
provided for by the treaty of 1848, and that he cause the
same to be paid him at the Treasury of the United States,
in the city of Washington, and out of the first money appro-
pi iated by virtue of any arrangement that may be made for
the payment of our said claim. And we do hereby, for our-
selves and our said nation, authorize and empower our
said attorney to execute the necessary receipt upon the
payment of said money to him; and we do hereby ratify and
confirm the same."
This paper is dated: " Bone in common council
of the Menomonee nation, on the 15th day of
February, 1851, and at Lake Powaw-hay-kon-
nay, in said nation, in the State of Wisconsin."
I suppose, therefore, there can be no doubt of
the employment. Now, I state, on my veracity,
what the documents show, without detaining the
Senate to prove it by reading them, that when
Thompson was called on to fix a compensation
he declined, and told the Indians to go home, and
settle that in their own council. That is proven,
not by the statement of Thompson, but by the
statement of disinterested parties. They (fid in
council agree to fix his compensation at thirty-
three and one third per cent., and executed this
second power of attorney in the nation when
Thompson was not present, but in the presence
of witnesses whose names are here sipped to it.
Mr. President, my friend from Indiana suggests
to me that the discussion of this subject but delays
time. I am not desirous at all of being heard,
and I therefore yield the floor. I may be com-
pelled, on account of the position that gentlemen
take in the debate, to resume it, but I hope not.
i hope we shall confine the discussion to the points
involved in the controversy, if the discussion mast
go on, and get a vote as soon as possible.
Mr. PUGH. I desire to speak on this question,
but I did not expect that it would come up to-day,
and am not prepared to proceed, us I have not my
copy of the documents here. Unless some other
Senator wishes to be heard, 1 ask thnt i he matter
lie over until to-morruw.
Mr. BROWN. I hope it will not be postponed;
I trust it will bo sefth-dat oac\
Mr. BIMGHT. The question has been here
for two years.
Mr. PUGH. I did not expect tho question to
come up here to-day. It being hoard on private
bill day I supposed it would come on next Friday.
I move that it be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. HROWN. I beg to remind Senators that
it did not come up as a private claim, but it e.ime
up on a motion, and way J eft as the unfinished
business of Friday last.
Mr. PUGH. It came up on the suggestion
that it was a private claim, and germane to that
day's business.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I wish to call
the attention of the Senate, before the question is
acted upon, to the opinion expressed by the Sen-
tor from Georgia the other day. I inquired, when
this question was fust called up, for a statement
of the grounds for concurring m the report of the
committee, and what was the opinion of the com-
mittee on the question as it stood. The answer
of the Senator from Georgia representing that
committee wasgiven. I want to call the attention
of the Senate to it. It is:
"Mr. Pr\tt. Allow me to ask the Senatorfiom Georgia
what will be the effect ot'dio;hdr<mig Hie committee? YYiil
It not be that we shall pay $VI.OOO to the applicant ?
uJVlr. Toombs. The effect will bo to enioree the exist-
ing law. I do not know what the exact amount of the
damns; but the question ret'ened to the committee was
whether any further legislation was necessary in regard to
it? A law was passed on the subject hi>t year. On our
examination, we deemed ho further legislation necessaiv.
tf the Senate concur with the committee, the existuie law,
which was passed at the last session, will btand without
Airthei action ot the two Houses of Congress. That w all.
'• Mr. Hcnter. I would a k whether, in regard to that
law, some such point as this was not raised: That the law
a- it was passed was different from the law as printed and
published, in consequence of some mistake m the enrolling
of the bill? =
" Mr. Toombs. That question did not arise in the set-
tlement or the case. The law was treated by the Presi-
dent and tho Department as though there was no omission.
There was a clause omitted m the enrollment, but it was
treated a^ though it were there.
"Mr. fiuxTER. I think the subject had better he over
until it can be examined.
"Mr. Toombs. I hope not. It was called up and laid
over at the instance of one or two Senators two weeks ago,
and it is important to the parties that it should be settled.
The Senator has had ample time to examine it, if he had
given his attention to it, tor the report was made nearly a
lortnight ago—ccrtainiy ten days ago.
" Mr. Weller. It was laid over, I believe, at my re-
, quest, two weeks ago. I have looked into the matter, and
1 have become satisfied that there ought to be no objection to
discharging the committee, and leaving the legislation to-
stand precisely where it was. That I understand to be the
effect of discharging the committee.
" Mr. Toombs. That is precisely the effect.
Mr. Stuart. I wish Senators to understand this ques-
tion. It is a case with the facts of which I am familiar.
The Senate last year adopted an amendment by which they
authorized about forty-two thousand dollars, if I recollect
aright, to be paid to Mr. Thompson for certain services
rendered to the Menomonee Indians. That amendment
was sent to the House, and they attached to it an amend-
ment substantially declaring,' on condition that the Meno-
monee Indians themselves, at a council, shall agrte that
i this money Ifc paid.' These amendments were made to a
' genera! appiopnation bdl. A committee ot conterence was
' appointed, and the committee agreed to the amendment
! of the House to the Senate amendment. When the bill
was enrolled and printed, the House condition was not
found in it, and is not in the printed law.
" Mr. Toombs. That is so.
"Mr. Stuart. The President, however, after taking
the opinion of the Attorney General, I believe, decided
that the law should be considered as if the House condition
was in it, being satisfied that it was left out by a mere
omission. The subject was submitted to the Menomonee
Indians, and they rejected the claim. I have not had an
opportunity to look into the report I do not know that it
is printed: I do not know what it is.
" Mr. Weller. It is simply to discharge the committee.
" Mr. Stuart. But 1 wish to undeistand its effect. If
the effect will be to leave the law as it stands upon the
statute-book, and pay the .$-10,000, although the Indians have
unanimouslj rejected it, I should be inclined to think that
if would be veiy linpioper to discharge the committee. The
action of the executive department m administering this
law has been to treat it as if the bill were correctly printed
as it actually passed Congress. If the effect of discharging
this committee will be to compel the Government to pay the
money, notwithstanding the opinion of Congress as ex-
piesaed, and the opinion of the Indians is against it, 1 think
the committee should not be discharged. The Senator
fiom Georgia can of course say what he understands to be
the effect of it.
" Mr. Toombs. The statements of the Senator from
Michigan are accurate, except the last, which a a very
important point. Theie lies the conflict. Jt is alleged on
the part of the claimant, (and this is the controversy before
tho President,) that the Indians have assented to the claim,
and that the du-<ont subsequently procured by the Com-
nu^ioner of Indian Aflairs was impioper. The effect of
the di.-ehaijtf will be to leave the niditet exactly whcie it
wa>, for the President and the head of the Department to
determine wnether this assent was given, or was the inten-
tion of the parties, accoidmg to the admisMon on all sides.
'* Mr. S iu vrt. How do the Senator and the committee
understand it to leave the law ? Will it he construed as it
i* punted, or as it passed ?
•• Mi. Toouijs. The Government and the paity agree
that the comment of tho Fndians was required in Older to
obtain the money. That consent has been the point of
i depute. The committee propose to leave it where it be-
j long-,- -with the President m the execution of the law.
j The amendment alluded to is considered a? part of the law,
! for both Miles have agreed to treat it as if it weie there."
I There is the report of the committee as made
by the honorable Senator from Georgia. He [
communicated that report to the Senate, and yet ;
1 here comes in this morning a proposition for the
i Senate to resolve that this money shall be paid,
| Now, sir, I confess it has been a little difficult
fur me to understand what was the opinion of
the committee. I have inquired three or four times
about it; and after the severe commentary which
, the Senator from Georgia administered to the Com-
1 mittee on Commerce the other day, I supposed
i the committees which he represented would make
i everything so plain in their reports that there
j would be no difficulty in understanding them. '
| Here, as I have just read to the Senate, the organ
■ of the committee stated that the effect of the ac-
! tion of that committee, if adopted by the Senate,
' would be to leave the law as agreed upon by the
executive department and the claimant, to treat
the case as if the amendment of the House was
a part of the law, and to simply leave it an open
question whether tho Indians had consented, ac-
cording to the terms of the law, or not. .Now
we have a proposition from the same committee
this morning, that the Senate shall resolve that
the claimant is entitled to the money, taking the
question out of the hands of the executive de-
partment, where the committee reported, in the
first place, tluough the Senator from Georgia,
that it belonged, taking charge of it by the Sen-
ate of the United Suites, and the Senate, 8s one
branch of the law-making power, resolving what
the construction of a law is. To my mind that
is a most remarkable proceeding.
Mr. President, it seems to me that a single
inquiry, fairly instituted and fairly answered,
determines this question, Did Congress pass
this law with an amendment attached to it requir-
ing the assent of the Indians? That must be
answered in the affirmative, for the proof is con-
clusive that the two Houses of Congress did so
^Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senator will allow me,
I will answer him. They did so, and the absent
of the Indians is here present, in the most un-
qualified form.
Mr. STUART. I shall answer that. I want
to state this case as it seems to me to stand on
the report. I ask, did Congress pass the law
with the proviso attached to it? So far as the
two Houses are concerned, the answer is conclu-
sive on all hands,—they did. Is that proviso a
part of the law as it is printed? The answer is
equally conclusive, and agreed to by all, that it is
not. Do the Committee on Indian Affairs agree
that that law is to be construed as if the proviso
were in it? The answer of that committee is, that
they do not. Then, sir, it follows conclusively
that legislation is necessary. If the Indian Com-
mittee of the Senate this day be right in saying
t that the law is to be construed as it is on the
'statute-book, and not as Congress passed it, it
becomes Congress to place its action where it put
it at the last session, and legislation is necessary
to place upon the statute-book the proviso that
was put there by both Houses of Congress at
the last session.
1 I do not know how this is to be answered. I
do not know how the Committee on Indian
Affairs propose to answer it. As I understood
the Senator from Georgia at first, as 1 have road
his statement from the paper as it is reported,
the action of the committee was entirely con-
sistent, because he stated that las committee re-
garded the law as if the proviso were in it; that
the President had so regarded it; that the claim-
ant had so regarded it; and it left simply the
question of fact open, whether the assent was or
j was not given, and that that was a question prop-
; erly belonging to the executive department—to
j the President. That was the opinion of the
I Committee on Indian Affairs then, and that was
consistent with their report that no legislation
was necessary; but, if I understand the opinion
of the committee now, as expressed on this amend-
ment, it is utterly inconsistent. It now proposes
to declare that no further legislation is necessary,
and that the money shall be paid.
These things are not explained to my mind,
' and 1 confess they are not explainable at all. Now,
. by what authority does the Senate of the United
I States undertake to determine what shall be done
; under a law of Congress; Docs the Constitution
confer upon the Senate the power to execute the
1 laws, or does it m terms place that power in the
. hands of the President ? By what authority does
the Senate undertake to resolve what is the duty
of the executive department ? Can the Senate pay
: the money ? The payment of the money in the
: execution of the law is a duty, I say, devolved by
the Constitution on the executive department,
( and it devolves on that department to say whether,
, as the law stands, the payment can fairly be made.
( This is a question of fact to be determined by that
; department. With what propriety is the Senate
■ now going to interpose by adopting this amend-
: ment, and determine when the money shall be
paid ? I confess that it astonishes me. It is in-
1 comprehensible. It seems to me to be not only
not justified by the facts in this case, but to be a
i most flagrant violation of the Constitution of the
| United States. Why, sir, suppose that the House
; of Representatives of the United States should
i resolve that the President, under a law of Con-
1 grcss, should pay money: we should soon do
1 away with the necessity of a President.
: I have no desire to consume the time of the
Senate, hut I object to this matter being pushed
up at every vacant moment, and to our being
■' told, by inference—I confess not in language—that
i; it is all fixed so that the Senate can vote it, and
!j we are very much in the way in not permitting it
j; to be voted. Sir, I desire the subject to be under-
| stood; and, more than that, if any action of the
t Senate, or any action of Congress, is going to
lesultin the payment of this money without tne
1 consent of the Indians, let us pay where we have
aright to pay—out of the moneys of the United
; States. Do not let us assume to take the money
| of the Indians without their consent, to pay
ii it over to any claimant. If the Senate to-day ia
