292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 1,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Allison.
Ho. of Reps.
alone to decide these questions for themselves, as
expressly provided in the Nebraska act, all this
trouble would have been avoided. WIio will'
deny it ?
But, sir, Kansas is not the only place where
men have been deprived of their political rights,
and the purity of the ballot-box sullied by fraud
and violence. Let gentlemen look nearer home.
Will they—dare they attribute to the Nebraska
bill those terrible scenes which sent a thrill of
horror throughout the length and breadth of the
land, enacted at the elections in some of the States
—ay, sir, in the very heart of boasted civiliza-
tion and refinement—and which, for unprovoked
atrocity, and for cold-blooded and deliberate out-
rage , are without a parallel, and so far exceed any- j
thing that has transpired in Kansas, even sup- \
posing the most distorted and exaggerated abo- !
Iition accounts to be true, that, in comparison, the
conduct of the " border ruffians" sinks into utter
iasignificance ? And yet to do so, in the one in-
stance, they would do no greater violence to truth
than they would in the other.
Sir, what have we seen ? We have seen emi-
nent patriots and statesmen denied the freedom
of speech; we have seen armed mobs placed as
judges of the elective franchise; we Have seen
quiet, inoffensive,and respected citizens brutally
assaulted and driven from the polls, for daring to
exercise, in a peaceable manner, rights secured
to them by the Constitution and the laws; we
have seen the ballot-box itself—that sheet-an-
chor of American freedom—seized by armed
bullies, and committed to the flames, or the bal-
lots scattered to the winds, and trampled beneath
their ruffian feet; we have seen race arrayed
against race, neighborhood against neighborhood,
and religion against religion; we have seen men,
driven by prejudice, intolerance, and passion, to
deeds of violence and bloodshed which sicken the
heart—sparing neither age nor sex, and extend-
ing even to the sanctuary of God! All this, sir,
and more, have we seen, outside of the Territory
of Kansas; and if you would find its true origin,
look to your secret, oath-bound, political organ-
izations—to the doctrines of political proscrip-
tion and religious intolerance—and not to the
great principles of equality and popular sover-
eignty contained in the Nebraska bill.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN ALLISON,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
Jlptil 1, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, tint) having under consideration the
President's Annual Message,
Mr. ALLISON said: .
Mr. Chairman: I was gratified with the manner
m which the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. War-
ner] discussed the question of slavery before
this committee. I admired the ability and gen-
tlemanly bearing displayed by him in reference
to the issues between the two great sections of
the country. I think it is unfortunate that, on
great questions, members of this House, or of
any other deliberative body, manifest feeling that
sometimes leads them to treat those their equals
with discourtesy. •
I do not find fault with gentlemen for rising in
defense of the interest of their section of country
1 only complain when they appear to forget the
rights and privileges of other Representatives
whose interests are adverse to theirs—those who
represent constituencies of equal worth, and who
have interests equally dear. I represent a con-
stituency who, to say nothing of the question of
humamty, are interested in this question—inter-
ested because it is the overshadowing moneyed
interest of this country—controlling its Govern-
ment, dictating its legislation. The vast amount
of capital invested in slave property, together
with other causes, renders it the most vigilant and
sensitive interest ever known to any country 
watching with eagle eye every movement made
by any department of the Government, jealous
ot all attempt to restrict or control it. Whose
constituency is not interested in settling the ques-
tion whether or not this great interest shall subju-
gate this Government, and spread through all its
Territories? Do gentlemen of the South arrogate
to themselves the sole right to discuss this sub-
ject upon this floor? I take it that they must not.
If they do, they will find that there are gentlemen
here who will dare to meet that question. We
from the North are told that we have no right to
talk about slavery; no right to agitate this ques-
tion; no right to investigate its origin; no right to
ask whether it shall be extended over the Territo-
ries of this country.
I thank the gentleman from Georgia for the
position which he has taken. There is no dodg-
ing of this question by him. He asserts the right
to hold slaves under title given, as he alleges,
" by the universal law of nations;" and asserts
that they of the South have a right to take their
slaves into any of the Territories of the nation,
and any denial or refusal of this right is an
unconstitutional restriction, and therefore wrong.
He further asserts, that opposition to the exten-
sion of slavery is opposition to slavery itself, be-
cause, if it is confined to its present limits, " it
would sting; itself to death." I am pleased that
we have this frank avowal of the demands of
slavery. This demand, to be fully complied with,
requires an unlimited field for the spread of
slavery. This cannot be granted by the free
States; and it is at war with the principles of our
Government, and in direct opposition to the policy
of its founders. We join issue—we say on our
side that slavery can only be carried into, or exist
in any of the Territories by force and virtue of
positive municipal law. Without such law we
deny the right of man to hold property in man in
the Territories of the Government; and we claim
that we are authorized in our opposition to its
extension by the teachings and practice of the
first legislators under our present form of Gov- ,
ernment. We are fortified in our position by the
earliest legislation of the Congress of the Con-
federacy, and by the proceedings of the conven-
tion that framed the Constitution, and by the 1
teaching of the revolutionary patriots—by the
fathers of the country—the founders of the Gov-
ernment. We are now honored with opprobrious
epithets for assuming the name of Republican, as
a party designation, a name dear to the fathers
of the Constitution, and significative of the prin-
ciples we avow.
Mr. Chairman, in investigating or inquiring
into the purposes of the founders of our Govern-
ment in relation to the subject of the extension
of slavery, I shall first consider their action under
the Confederacy. I will call the attention of the
1 committee to the fact, that the first effort made on
this subject was to restrict slavery to the States
in which it existed, soon after the treaty of peace
immediately following the war of the Revolution.
The proposition was offered by Mr. Jefferson, of
Virginia. I have the Journal here upon my desk
which gives the votes of the States. It is not
necessary for me to read them. I have the his-
tory of the transaction which was consummated
by the passage of the ordinance of 1787, giving
all the territory northwest of the Ohio river to
freedom. That ordinance passed without a dis-
, senting voice. One of the first laws passed under
1 the Constitution was declarative of the validity
of that ordinance. This will go to show the in-
tention of the framers of the Government. It will
go to show what was the desire of those who
founded this Union. It was not, as the gentle-
man from Georgia claims, to carry slavery into the
Territories. Their purpose is to be ascertained I
by a reference to their acts, to the ordinance first '
proposed m 1783 or '84, and the act of Congress i
which indorsed it.
Then we have the provision empowering Con-
gress to prohibit the importation of slaves after
1808. I wish to call the attention of the commit-
tee to the fact, that it was the earnest desire of a
large portion of those who framed the Constitu-
tion to prohibit the slave trade at once and forever;
but that could not be done at the time, nor for some'
time afterwards, because the States of Georgia
ana South Carolina were opposed to it. I wish
to read what one of the ablest members of the
convention said, to show what was the purpose
of those who contended for the instant and total
abolition of the slave trade. I read from a report
of Luther Martin, Attorney General of the State
of Maryland, and a learned and talented gentle-
man, who was an influential delegate in that con-
vention from that State. In his very able report,
which he made to the Legislature of Maryland,
of the proceedings of the convention which formed
the Constitution of the United States, he uses this
language in referring to the action of the conven-
tion upon the subject of the slave trade. As this
was the only proposition upon which they could
manifest their opposition to the extension of
slavery, it speaks volumes to us. After giving
the reasons why it was not abolished at once, Mr.
Martin proceeds:
" It was said that we had just assumed a place among
independent nations, in consequence ot' our opposition to
the attempts of Great Britain to enslave us; that this opposi-
tion was grounded upon the preservation of those rights to
which God and nature entitled us, not in particular, but in
common with the rest of mankind ; that we had appealed
to the Supreme Being for his assistance, as the God of free-
dom, who could not but approve our etfoit-s to preserve the
rights which he had thus imparted to Ins creatures ; that
now, when we scarcely had risen from our knees, from
supplicating his aid and protection in forming our Gov-
ernment over a free people, a Government pretendedly on
the principles of liberty and for its preservation—in 'that
Government to have a provision not only putting it out of
its power to restrain and prevent the slave trade, even en-
couraging that most infamous traffic, by giving the States
power and influence in the Union in propot tion as they
cruelly mid wantonly sport with the rights of their fellow-
creatures, ought to be considered a solemn mockery of, and
insult to, that God wlio-se pioteetum we had then implored,
and could not fail to hold us up in detestation, and render
i us contemptible to every true Inend of liberty in the world.
1 It was said that national ci lines can only be, and frequently
I are, punished in this world by national punishments ; and
j that the continuance of the slave trade, and thus givin"
j it a national sanction and encouragement, ought to he con-
sidered as justly exposing us to the displeasure and ven-
! geance of Hun who is equally Lord of all, and who views
! with equal eye the poor African slave and Ins American
master."
| " That, on the contrary, we ought rather to prohibit ex-
j presslyin the Constitution the further importation of slaves,
! anrt to authorize the General Government from time to time
to make such regulations as should be thought most ad-
vantageous for the gradual abolition of slavery, and the
emancipation of the slaves already in the States.""
" That slavery is inconsistent with the genius of repub-
licanism, and lias a tendency to destioy those principles on
which it is supported, as it lessens the sense of the equal
rights of mankind, and habituates us to tyranny and op-
pression."
" At this time we do not hold this commerce in so great
abhorrence as we have1 done. When our liberties were at
stake, we warmly felt for the common rights of men—the
danger being thought to be past which threatened ourselves,
we are daily growing more insensible to those rights."
Mr. Chairman, how impressively true that is
of us of this day! Ah, we have departed widely
from the principles and faith of our revolutionary
fathers. Here, this traffic which so shocked them
is claimed as a prescriptive right "under the law
of nations." The laws of our nation and of other
nations declare the slave trade to be piracy, and
the penalty death. Can that which is so infamous,
as between foreign States, be a blessing to be en-
couraged and extended, as a trade, between the
States and Territories of this nation ?
I would commend this passage to my colleague
from thecityof Philadelphia, [Mr. Cadwalader,]
who made a speech a few days ago in support or
slavery. I commend to him, for his future con-
sideration and reflection, the language used by a
gentleman who represented a slave State.
Mr. CADWALADER, Does the gentleman
refer to myself? I was out of the House when
he read the remark, and came in at the time he
I referred to a gentleman from Pennsylvania.
I Mr. ALLISON. Yes, sir; and I commend this
language of the Attorney General of the State of
Maryland, who was a member of the convention
I which formed the Constitution, to the gentleman's
consideration and fltture reflection.
I Mr. CADWALADER. The gentleman has
made a mistake, if he supposes he will find, in
the speech which I made, a discussion of the
subject of slavery. I discussed the subject of the
right of slaveholders under the Constitution,
and their incidental privileges in the Territories.
The question of slavery, as a local question within
the State which he ana I represent, is one which
in my humble opinion, no Representative upon
this floor has a right to intrude here. There I
differ with the gentleman.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not know whether the
gentleman intends that remark for me or for the
gentleman frotrf Georgia, [Mr. Warner,] who
