1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1903
disposed (and I say with the utmost respect, I do
not stand here to dispute the will and wish of a
majoiity of this body, nor to complain, nor mur-
mur about it,) to pay this money without the
consent of the Indians, pay it out of the Treasury
of the United States, and do not assume, in con-
tradiction of the opinion of the execurive depart-
ment to which, under the law, we intrusted this
question, that the consent has been given. The
Treasury Department of the United States have
determined that the consent was not given, and
they have refused to pay the money on that ac-
count. There is where under the law has been
placed the payment. There is where we placed it
at the request of the claimant himself. He ob-
jected to the Interior Department, and the inter-
vention of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs;
and Congress, in my judgment—it is only my
opinion—made a wide step in behalf of this party
when they took the treating of the Indian affairs
of the country away from the Interior Department
where it properly belonged, and, to gratify this
claimant, put it into the hands of the Secretary
of the Treasury. That was a wide stride in
favor of obliging him. Having done that, and
the Treasury Department having treated it as the
law directed, having submitted the question to the
Indians, the Indians, as the agent agreed upon
by the Government and claimant reported,unan-
imously rejected it. The Department have refused
to make the payment upon that ground. For
what icason aie we now called upon to resolve
that this money shall be paid by a mere resolu-
iton—not by a joint resolution, not by a resolu-
tion requiring the action of the House of Rcpre-
resentatives and the President, but a mere reso-
lution of the Senate overriding and overruling the
President and the Secretary of the Treasury in
their action on this case, and resolving here that
they are all wrong, and that this money shall be
paid ?
What sort of respect do you think they will
pay to your resolution supposing you should
pass it? Suppose the Senate of the United States
should resolve that the President shall pay the
money. I understand our power to make these
resolves to be limited to our own contingentfund.
We may pay appropriately out of our own con-
tingent fund by our own resolution*, but if the
money is to be taken from the Treasury, the
Constitution says it shall only be done by appro-
priations made by law; and who is to determine
whether the laws require an appropriation or
not? That same sacred instrument devolves that
duty on the President of the United States. Here
we stand on this 4th day of August, 1856, about
to resolve for the President what his duty is! I
think we ought to pause before we do that. I
think it is beyond our power: and I must say that,
m my humble judgment, the facts m the case do
not warrant the resolution.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I have one
word of reply to the gentleman's strictures on
the Committee mi Indian Affairs. That com-
mittee took up this question carefully, considered
it elaborately, heard arguments, and resolved
that no further legislation was necessary in this
case. In stating the case to the Senate, we said, as
the gentleman has read, and as I reiterate to-da}T,
that the amendment was treated as in the law. It
never was a part of the law; it never was a law,
unless a law can be passed (as the Senator seems
to intimate) by the two branches of Congress,
not signed by the President; but by the consent
of the parties, very appropriately, as it seemed
to have been the intention of Congress, it was
treated as there. We said the adoption of the
report would leave the law just exactly where it
was before, to be executed by the officers. In
my judgment, then, and now, a mandamus would
have lain. In my judgment, then, the President
was willing to pay it. I corrected that misap-
prehension the other day at his instance, and
said he had expressed no opinion whatever on
the claim. I supposed he had and would pay the
money after the matter (which had been brought
before the Senate irregularly by the Indian De-
partment, and referred to the committee) wns dis-
missed. It did not come up in any shape of legis-
lation; it was brought here on, a report by Mr.
M anypenny, called out by the Senator from Wis-
consin, ana referred to the committee. We had
Mr. Thompson's answer, and we put thewhole
of that side-quarrel before the Senate, with the
report. We did amply the whole of our duty,
and put the Senate in possession of every fact
on both sides, in a book of more than one hun-
dred pages, that has been printed. Now, where
is the difficulty about it ? Where have they been
wanting? The committee were of the opinion
that the money ought to be paid, and that it
would be paid by that resolution. It was the
opinion of all of us that it ought to be paid, and
that no legislation was necessary to have it paid.
We believed that, with the proviso being con-
sidered in the law, he already had the Indians'
assent; or, if he had it not, it was because the In-
dian Department had improperly defeated him
by taking an advantage through their agent. We
know something of the Indians, and every grown
man does. Of course, when the agent of the In-
dian Department was there making a speech
against a claim, they would not agree to pay it,
and there would be no fair decision. No man is
fit to sit in this Senate who does not know it. It
is time we were done with this humbuggery about
the Indians' consent. This Government makes
just such contracts with them as it pleases; and
how does this case stand? No man denies that
the contract was a fair one; that it was made by
the assent of the Indian Department; that the con-
tract was a reasonable one; that the services were
actually performed, and were beneficial to the
Indians; and that the compensation is reasonable,
and ought to be paid. The Senator from Michi-
gan himself, in two speeches, has not assailed
that position; nobody has assailed it.
When the Senate voted that $40,000 of the
$240,000 belonged to Mr. Thompson, it was a
trust fund; and Congress has no right to put it
to the debtor, whether he will pay it or not. This
money ought to be pud instantly—not only the
$40,000, but $80,1)00; and the opposition has, in
my judgment, grown out of personal animosities.
It is Mr. Thompson's money by legitimate con-
tract. It is true, lie agreed that the amount should
be determined by the Indian Committee and the
Senate; and they said, " We will give you half;
$80,000 is too large, and we will give you half."
Not that there was any fraud, not that it was not
fair, not that it was not approved by the Depart-
ment, not that the services were not rendered; all
this was admitted, but they go to the Indians,
and the agent mak> s a speech, and tells them not
to pay one cent. They had his services for five
or six years. Tliey made the contract by the
approval of their iirrdians. Valuable services
were performed. Still, we put it jto the Indians,
and, under the control exercised over them, it is
said they decided not to pay a dollar. The Sen-
ator says, why not pay it out of our money? It
is Mr. Thompson's money, of which he is de-
feated by the Government agents.
It is true the expression of the Senate's opinion
does not change the construction of the law; but
it may aid the Department. I differ with the
gentleman. I say we have a right to determine
\v hether the President construes a law right, and
we can call him to account. It is the business
and the light of the Senate, where laws have not
been executed as in our judgment they ought to
j be, to pass our opinion. Though black lines may
j be drawn around our act, 1 say it is our consti-
: tutional duty; and I have no hesitation at all in
| expressing my opinion that the executive depart-
! ment ought to execute the laws as we undcr-
| stand than. If they undeistand them differently,
I there is a tribunal to decide—they can go to the
! courts. In my judgment, as the law stands, this
} money ought perei ii'tonly to be paid. With the
< proviso in it, he had the assent, or if not he has
: been defeated of it by the agents of this Govcrn-
: ment. The money being originally Mr. Thomp-
; son's, he can follow the trust fund in the hands
of the Government and reach it. On every view
! oi the case, therefore, I will vote him the money
i in any shape the question comes up.
I Mr. STUART and Mr. PUGH addressed the
j Chair.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER. The morning
! hour has expired.
i Mr. SEWARD. If we can have a vote on this
' question, I shall be willing to yield the special
[ order for a few minutes.
j Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senate will let us
i vote on this question before we goon with other
! business. I make the motion to postpone prior
J orders.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. 1 agreed to yield
the Army.appropriation bill for to-day, in order
to dicpose of the special order, the river and har-
bor bills; and if we go on with this question, we
shall not dispose of that, and to-morrow there
will be a contest between the two. I cannot post*
pone my efforts to get up the Army appropriation
bill beyond to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana,
that the Senate proceed with the consideration of
this question.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the special order.
PUBLIC WORKS IN MASSACHUSETTS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first bill
in order is the bill (S.No. 66) for continuing cer-
tain public works in the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. YULEE. There was a special order ap-
pointed for to-day, at one o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. This is unfinished business,
and takes precedence of any special order until
it is disposed of. The gentleman's special order
will be in time.
Mr. YULEE. Is that the understanding of
the Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A motion was
made by the Senator from Michigan to reconsider
the vote by which the bill alluded to by the Sen-
ator from Florida was made the special order for
to-day.
Mr. YULEE. But it has not been reconsid-
ered, and therefore the order stands.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir; but
there is a bill pending before the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. If there is a bill pending, of
course I ha\e nothing to say.
The Senate proceeded as in Committee of the
Whole to consider the bill for continuing certain
public works in the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to move an amendment—to
strike out the words, " For a resurvey of the har-
bors at Marblehead, Nantucket, snd Sandy Bay,
in the State of Massachusetts, $15,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. The appropriation for con-
tinuing the sea-walls on Deer and Lovell Ss Islands,
in the harbor of Boston, provided in the bill, is
$9,500. This is the estimate made by the War
Department, and the sum named by Colonel
Thayer, $3,500, on December 11, 1853. The bill
provides:
i% For continuing the sea-wall for the protection of Great
Brewster's Island, m the haibor of Boston, $30,000."
That is in pursuance of a recommendation and
estimate made by Colonel Thayer on the 2d of
December, 1852. The committee have reported
#30,000 instead of $32,700—the amount of his
estimate. The appropriation proposed for repaii a
to the Government works at Plymouth, Massa-
chusetts, is $13,000. That is in pursuance of an
estimate made by Lieutenant Blunt, September
30,1854. The bill also contains an appropriation
for continuing the repairs of the breakwater at
Hyannis harbor, Massachusetts, ^15,000, which
is based on a recommendation made by Lieutenant
Blunt, September 30, 1854. There is an appro-
priation of $2,000 for Great Wood's Hole har-
bor, in pursuance of an estimate of Lieutenant
Blunt, of September 30, 1854. The bill appro-
priates " for continuing the improvement of the
harbor at New Bedford, $12,000," which is based
on an estimate of $70,300 for completing the work
made by Captain Dutton, November 1, 1853
His estimate for continuing the work is $12,000;
the sum which the committee have adopted.
These are the grounds on which the bill stands.
Mr. CLAY. I understood the Senator from
New York to say that these appropriations were
based on estimates recommended by the Depart-
ment. 1 am informed they were made by Colonel
Thayer, perhaps, but they have not been re-
vised by the board of topographical engineers, and
hence it is not a recommendation of the Depart-
ment, but of Colonel Thayer. That is the fact,
as I learned from the War Department, since the
last adjournment of the Senate. There has been
no recommendation of the corps of topographical
engineers for these works. They have not even
revised the estimates. They come here as rec
ommendations of Colonel Thayer.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think we should at least
