1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£93
34tH Cong....1st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Allison.
Ho. op Reps.
opened this discussion: it is probably applicable
to both of us.
Mr. CADWALADER. I mean to correct the
misconception of the gentleman as to my posi-
tion. I take no liberty with him, nor do 1 mean
that he shall take any liberty with me.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not misstate the gentle-
man's position; and as the gentleman has opened
upon me in that way, I shall repel him by his own
language in-a few moments, when I shall have
finished this portion of my argument.
Now, sir, I will refer to the language of a dis-
tinguished member of the Virginia convention,
called to consider the propriety of adopting the
Constitution by that State. George Mason, of Vir-
finia, used language quite as strong. He says—
quote from the debates in the Virginia conven-
tion, 2d vol., p. 335:
" Mr. Chairman, this is a fatal section, which has created
more dangers than any other. The first clause allows the
importation of slaves for twenty years. Under the royal
Government this evil was looked upon as a great oppres*
Bion, and many attempts were made to prevent it; but the
interest of the African merchants prevented its prohibition.
No sooner did the Itevoluuon take place than it was thought
of. It was one of the great causes of our separation from
Great Britain. Its exclusion has been a principal object of
this State, and most oftbe States in the Union. The aug-
mentation of slaves weakens the States; and such a trade
is diabolical in itself, and disgraceful to mankind. Yet it is
continued for twenty years by this Constitution. As much as
I value a union of all the States, I would not admit the
southern States into the Union, unless they agreed to the
discontinuance of this disgraceful trade."
That is the language of George Mason, of
Virginia. He and Mr. Henry, and others, were
of the opinion that under the clause of the Con-
stitution providing for the general welfare, Con-
gress might abolish slavery in the States, and
turn them loose upon them.
Patrick Henry, in debate in same convention,
used this language:
" Another thing will contribute to bring this event about,
[the abolishment of slavery in the States.] Slavery is de-
tested—we feel its fatal effects—we deplore it with all the
pity of humanity," &c.
Did these men claim the power to extend the
institution ? Did they consider it a blessing ?
How great would be their astonishment to hear
its demands upon this floor!
Now, sir, I adduce these extracts to show the
feeling which animated the patriots of the Revo-
lution, and that they desired to circumscribe this—
as they regarded it—great evil. They had no
desire to extend it beyond the limits which thus
circumscribed it. Their great study was to know
how they should get rid of it. Now, let me put
a proposition to my colleague, [Mr. Cadwala-
der.] Do you suppose that, if it had been left
to these men to decide whether they should extend
the institution of slavery into the Territories—
where you seek to have it extended—a single man
of them would have favored any such proposition ?
Mr. C ADW ALADER. The question is a very
irrelevant one; but, in my belief, there was not a
man of them who would have thought himself
at liberty to interfere with the right of the holder
of slave property to participate in the common
enjoyment of the Territories—-the common domain
of the United States. In other words, I believe
that the founders of our Constitution understood
the principle afterwards laid down in the English
Court of King's Bench, and so beautifully applied
to-day by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Warner.] The proposition laid down by that
court was, that on the ocean, which is the common
domain of all sovereignties, property in slaves
cannot, in the absence of any treaty stipulations,
be interfered with by the subjects of any one
sovereign. So in the common domain of the
Union—the Territories—these great statesmen
knew that whatever they might in their own
States think of slavery, they had no legal or
moral right to interfere with it.
Mr. ALLISON. I asked my colleague to
answer a question, and he has given his answer.
I will now refer him to the great man that repre-
sented the State which gave him birth, and me
also. I cite for his benefit, on the very point
which he refuses to answer, the opinion of Judge
"Wilson, who represented Pennsylvania in the
convention which formed the Constitution of the
United States. In the convention of our own
State, called to consider whether or not it would
adopt the Constitution of the United States, ob-
] jection was made by the leader of the Democratic
! party of the old times—William Finlay, who was
: afterwards Governor of the State—to the Consti-
tution; and one of his reasons was 
Mr. CADWALADER. That was not the
Findlay who was afterwards Governor of the
State. The gentleman is mistaken in this as well
as in several other matters of history.
Mr. ALLISON. I may be mistaken in the
man, but it was Mr. Finlay, a member from
Westmoreland, to that convention; and I supposed
him to be the same man who was afterwards
Governor of the State.
Mr. CADWALADER. The Mr. Finlay who
was Governor of the State spelled his name dif-
ferently from the other—a fact well known to all
Pennsylvaniana who have accurately studied
their local history.
Mr. ALLISON. The gentleman has not
studied the political history of Pennsylvania very
well, or he would not have so misrepresented her,
as he has in his speech on this floor.
But I proceed to read, (vol. 4, American Law
Journal, p. 359.) Judge Wilson, in replying to
the objections urged against the Federal Consti-
tution by Mr. Finlay and others, on account of
its not having abolished the slave trade at once,
remarks:
" This, sir, operates as a partial prohibition; it was all
that could be obtained. I am sorry that it was no more;
but from this I think there is reason to hope, that a few
years and it will be prohibited altogether; and in the mean-
time the new Stateswhich are to be formed will be under the
control of Congress in this particular, and slaves will never
be introduced amongst them."
Is there any denial of the power of Congress
over this subject? No, on the contrary, an ex-
press avowal by one of the most distinguished
framers of the Constitution.
Further, on page 391, Judge Wilson, alluding
to the same subject, uses this language:
"If there was no other lovely feature in the Constitution
but this one, it would diffuse a beauty over its whole coun-
tenance. Y et, the lapse of a few years and Congress will
have power to exterminate slavery from within its borders."
Could there be language stronger than this, to
sustain me in the position which I maintain to be
the position of the founders of this Government,
that is, that they intended to prevent its spread,
and believed that they had vested in Congress,
by the Constitution, power to do so ? That was
the doctrine. Here we have the declaration of
the most distinguished man of that State, before
the State convention, that the new, States never
would have a slave in them—never. And yet my
colleague claims here that it is immoral! immoral
to prohibit slavery from going into the Territo-
ries. It is an immorality! That is his doctrine.
Now, lest my colleague might think that I mis-
quote him, I will read a most singular passage
from that most singular speech:
"These examples, which might be multiplied, suffice to
show the inconciusiveness of the general reasoning of those
who assume that whatever is legal is, therefore, necessarily
rightful."
It strikes me as very singular to find the gen-
tleman using an argument of that kind on the sub-
ject of slavery, which has all its vitality by reason
of "legality." He talks about a thing being
rightful and legal; that a thing may be legal,
and yet not right. I subscribe to that doctrine.
Slavery, as we have been told by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Warner,] is, by the uni-
versal law of nations, legal. But is it right?
That is the question. Is it right? Is it immoral
to exclude such an institution? Will my col-
league say that it is an immorality to exclude such
an institution? He does say so. I continue to
read from my colleague's speech:
" These examples, which might be multiplied, suffice to
show the inconciusiveness of the general reasoning of those
who assume that whatever is legal is, therefore, necessa-
rily rightful in a moral or a political point of view, and of the
reasoning in particular of those who, conceiving the total
exclusion of slaves from the Territories to be lawful^ assume
that such exclusion is, therefore, necessarily righUul.
" Before concluding my remarks, I hope to show that
such total exclusion would not only be immoral and unjust,
but would likewise, in a legal sense, be unconstitutional."
That is the argument of my distinguished col-
league from the city of Philadelphia, whose legal
ability I have heard a great deal of, whose powers
I have no disposition at all to underrate, but whose
political ethics I utterly repudiate. Slavery, that
great evil, so looked upon by gentlemen from the
South and from the North—that great evil which
concerned the patriots of the Revolution as to
how they should dispose of it—is here claimed to
be of such a character that it would be immoral—
that is the word—for Congress to exclude it from
Territories once dedicated to freedom.
Now, that gentleman took, occasion here, the
other day—and that is the reason why I have felt
at liberty, on this occasion, to notice and reply to
his argument—to say, that some of his colleagues
misrepresented their constituents on this floor. I
would like to know h"ow the gentleman could have
thought that he was not misrepresenting the
entire people of the State, in declaring that it was
" immoral" to exclude slavery from the Territo-
ries; for if it were, was it not immoral to abolish
it, as we did in Pennsylvania ?
Mr. CADWALADER. No, sir; for there we
had the legal power to do so. It was our concern.
There is nothing immoral in it if we do not inter-
fere in the concerns of others.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 think that I have shown
that we have the power conferred upon Congress
by the Constitution to exclude it from the Terri-
tories—a power exercised in forming governments
for the Northwest Territories. And I think I
can show, by all the laws of the Government re-
lating to that subject, from its establishment down •
to the time when those Lilliputians in states-
manship discovered that Washington, Jefferson,
Franklin,1 Judge Wilson, and their compeers, did
not understand the Constitution. When after all
the statesmen who stood, as it were, between us
and the men of the Revolution, had passed away
—Clay and those men who came up after the
Revolution, and handed down to us the doctrines
and teachings of our fathers. When they had
all passed into eternity, we had a lot of pigmies
who rose up to occupy the places of statesmen, and
told us that Jefferson and Washington, and the
framers of the Constitution, and all those glorious
men who have ennobled the country, the age,
and the race, did not understand their own work;
that they did not know what the ordinance of
1787, or the Constitution, meant; that they did
not know that it was " immoral and unjust" to
exclude slavery from the Territories of the nation.
Now we have here the teachings of the Govern-
ment in its acts. And when we have the arguments
of gentlemen on the other side that the Constitu-
tion, according to their construction, sustains
them, 1 say that here we have the acts and the
declarations of the men who made the Constitu-
tion. We have heard the declaration, that this
Government, in the Louisiana purchase, because
slavery happened to exist in that Territory, in-
tended to extend slavery over that Territory.
Why, Mr. Chairman, there was a great neces-
sity for that purchase. It was not made for the
purpose of extending slavery over the Territory.
No such motive actuated the Government in
making the purchase. I have said there was a
great necessity existing for its being made. The
Territory contained the great outlet for all the
commerce of the West.
Mr. CADWALADER. If my colleague will
excuse me, I certainly have expressed no such
opinion as he ascribes to me.
Mr. ALLISON. Not at all. I am speaking
of the argument that has been attempted to be
drawn, that the object sought in the Louisiana
purchase was the extension of slavery. I say
that such was not the fact. There existed a great,
an overwhelming necessity—above the law, above
the Constitution, for that purchase; for Mr. Jef-
ferson stated that there was no power existing
under the Constitution by which the acquisition
could be made; but the requirements of commerce
were so great, demanding the acquisition, that he
was willing to override the Constitution to meet
those requirements. And to show that no such
idea controlled the Federal Government in that
purchase, I propose to read from the act organ-
izing this Territory of Orleans, and I ask the
especial attention of the House. This law shows
clearly what was the idea of squatter sovereignty,
entertained by the men who were contempora-
neous with the Constitution itself, and who may be
supposed to understand its meaning. I read from
