1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GIOBE.
303
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition ofciti-
zens of Randolph county, Arkansas, and Ripley
county, Missouri, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Pocahontas, Arkansas, to
Doniphan, in Missouri; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of Mar-
tin Fenwick, praying for the confirmation of his
title to a tract of land in the State of Missouri;
which, with the papers already on file relating to
the same case, was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a paper re-
lating to the application of Orson Young for a
pension; which, with the papers already on file
relating to the same case, was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. "WADE presented the petition of Captain
Norwood McClelland, praying for remuneration
for losses incurred in transporting Government
stores from New Orleans to Fort Smith, Arkan-
sas; wiiich was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. FOSTER presented additional papers in
the case of Nathan Scholfield, who prayed for an
extension of his patent for a governor or regula-
tor for water-wheels; which were referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of citizens of Mitchell county, Iowa, praying for
the establishment of a m^ril route fiom Dubuque
to Osage, in that county; and from McGregor's
Landing to Osage, IVjjtchell county; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, the petition of citizens of Iowa, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Dyersville
to Waverley, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. GEYER presented five memorials of the
General Assembly of the State of Missouri, pray-
ing for grants of land in aid of the construction
of railroads in that State; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of Thomas Foster and
others, praying that the pensions'allowed to,
widows under the act of 1838 may be extended
so as to embrace two years between the expira-
tion of that act and the passage of the act of March
3,1843; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Pres-
ident, I desire to present and have referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs the memorial-or pe-
tition of Lieutenant John C. Carter. As, by the
24th rule of the Senate, " a brief statement of the
contents of the petition or memorial shall verbally
be made by the introducer," I will state that he
represents that he has been in the naval service
about thirty-one years, and that eighteen of those
years he was afloat, or upon the ocean.
He further states that he has served without
charge or allegation ever being preferred against
him; and it appears from the records of the Navy
Department, or otherwise, that his efficiency,
morally, mentally, or physically, has never been
questioned. He says, in selecting his vocation in
life, by long patience and faithful service he hoped
at last he would eventually receive a captain's
commission; but the late naval retiring board,
from some cause to him unknown and unaccount-
able, have placed him on furlough, and thrown
him out of the line of promotion.
Mr. President, his case, as represented, is a
hard one, and he prays for such relief as it is
competent or proper for Congress to grant.
I hope that no discussion will arise, for I do
not wish to revive a debate which has already, I
think, prematurely and profitlessly sprung up
upon similar petitions. I hope the petition will
be received and referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs; and when they shall report upon it,
or report generally in this matter, I will say what
I now refrain from saymg, because it would not
be in order.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to present
the memorial of A. D. Harrell, late a lieutenant in
the United States Navy, who was dropped in
consequence of the action of the late naval board,
praying that such measures may be adopted as
will efface the ignominy cast upon him, and cor-
rect the injustice done to him. I forbear saying
anything upon this occasion, believing no good
can result from discussion here on individual
cases. _ I must, however, be permitted to say,
that thiscase seems to me to be one of great hard-
ship and injustice.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
onJNava! Affairs.
Mr. MASON. I present the memorial of
Commodore Foxall A. Parker, a captain in the
United States Navy, who was placed on the fur-
lough list by the action of the late naval board
and the President, complaining of their proceed-
ings, and praying for justice and redress. I
shall not go into any d^batu on the subject. The
memorial states, I think, as strong a case as
could well be presented.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ADAMS presented the memorial of Wil-
liam H. Nolan, late a lieutenant in the Navy,
who was dropped in consequence of the recom-
mendation of the late naval board, praying that
Congress will take some measures to correct the
injustice done to him; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented additional papers
in the case of Commander T. Darrah Shaw, who
asked for relief from the action of the late naval
board; which were referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. WADE presented the memorial of Lieu-
tenant Henry Walke, of the United States Navy,
who was retired by the action of the late naval
board, asking to be restored to his former rank
and position; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs. •
Also, the petition of John Posey Hall, late
master in thf United States Navy, asking relief
from the action of the late naval board, in con-
sequence of which he was dropped from the ser-
vice; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
UNIVERSITY OF VERMONT.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, I present
the memorial of the University of Vermont, set-
ting forth that, during the last war with Great
Britain, when the town of Burlington was but a
frontier position, in the year 1813, the Army of
the United States, being m want of barracks and
shelter, proceeded to take possession of the Uni-
versity buildings. There was a large building—
at least for that period—of one hundred and sev-
enty feet long, four stories high, and seventy-five
feet wide, which made very commodious bar-
racks, with store-rooms for the public service.
They took possession of it with an army of four
thousand men, and they continued to occupy and
possess it during the war. At the close of the
war, in the then reduced condition of the public
Treasury, a very limited allowance was made for
" rent," as it was called, and some slight repairs;
but no sort of compensation was made for the
breaking up of the institution, the dispersion of
its officers and students, and all that it suffered
pecuniarily and as a literary institution from that
severe affliction, which was submitted to from
the necessity of the occasion, and by force of
arms. This memorial asks that some compen-
sation be made for the consequences which re-
sulted to that institution from that act, occasioned
by the contingencies of the war. I move that it
be referred to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. COLLAMER.. 1 present a number of
memorials from men who were Plattsburg volun-
teers. During the last Congress an act was
passed granting bountjA^nd for military services,
and among others, directly and explicitly in
terms, to those who were engaged in the invasion
of Plattsburg; but by the construction of the
Pension Bureau they are deprived of the advant-
ages intended by that act in being required to have
and show record evidence of their service. In
point of fact, there was no time to make records
at that day; they did not make any, and these
men have, therefore, been deprived of that which
they think Congress, in its generosity and wis-
dom, intended to extend to them, and did extend
to them in express terms, by the act; and they
hope, therefore, that another explanatory, act
wid be passed which shall supersede the regula-,
tion of the Department,which requires them to'
have record evidence of their military service.
I move that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The motioft was agreed to.
PUBLIC PRINTER.
Mr. FITZPATRICK gave notice that he would
ask the Senate to-morrow to proceed to the elec-
tion of a public printer for the Senate, for the
Thirty-Fourth Congress.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of John Spencer,
late receiver of public moneys at Fort Wayne, Indiana,
praying for indemnity for losses on account of a suit against
him by the Government as a defaulter, when his accounts
and vouchers showed a balance in his favor, be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate and referred to the CojutHitee
on Private Land Claims. Wr
On motion by Mr. DXJRKEE, it was "
Ordered, That the memorial of John Shaw, praying for
remuneration for losses sustained in furnishing provisions,
ammunition, &c., to six companies of rangers on the Mis-
sissippi river during the last war with Great Britain, be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. DURKEE, it was1
Ordered, That the memorial of Mary Kinner and Mary
C. McCoy, praying for indemnity for losses sustained by
them from the depreciation of their property in consequence
of delays interposed by the land officers in the perfection
of their titles, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate
and refened to the Committee on Public Lands. "
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of lieutenants in the United
States Revenue Marine service, praying to be allowed the
same pay as officers of a like grade in the Navy, be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD; it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Abiaham Kintzing, pray-
ing tor extra compensation for services as assistant appraiser ;
at Philadelphia, be withdiawn from the files of the Senate
and referred to the Committee on Claims. '
On motion by Mr. IYERSON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Catherine B. Turner, I *
widow of Daniel Turner, praying for the reimbursement of Up
expenses incurred by her late husband in receiving and
entertaining the authorities of foieign Governments on
boaid the United States vessel tinder his command, be
withdiawn from the files of the Senate and referred to the(
Committee on Foreign Relations,
IMPROVEMENT OF SAVANNAH RIVER.
Mr. IYERSON presented the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furnish to the Senate copies of the correspondence between
the War Department and Captain J. F. Gilmer, in relation
to the application and expenditure of the appropnation
made by the last Congress tor the improvement of the Sa-
vannah uver, together with the reports of the Engineer
Department and the decisions of the Secretary of War upon
the subject.
LIBRARIES AT MILITARY POSTS.
Mr. SUMNER presented the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to consider the expediency of providing by law
for the establishment of small libraries at the different
military posts, for the convenience of the officeis and mfen.
ADJOURNMENT TO THURSDAY.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet ou Thursday next.
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGES.
Several messages, in writing, were i*eceived
from the President of the United States, by Mr.
Sidney Webster, his Private Secretary.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, at the last
sitting of the Senate a motion was made, the-
consideration of which was postponed expressly-
to this day; it was a motion to refer a certain
letter, written by Lord John Russell, to the Com^
mittec on Foreign Relations. On that motion
the Senator from Michigan desired "to address
the Senate, and as he is now in his seat, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
that subject.
The motion was agreed to; and the pending
question was stated to be on the motion to refer. ,
Mr. CASS addressed the Senate at some length.
A report of his speech, together with explanations
made by Mr. Clayton and Mr. Collamer, which
are necessarily connected with it, will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.
