THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to concentrate the
attention of the Senate on the Central American
. question, and I shall therefore pass by the ques-
tion of the violation of our neutrality laws by the
British authorities, and also the more general
topic of the Monroe doctrine, which have been
ailuded to by the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan. I can go on now; but it is late, and if the
Senate prefect, I shall postpone my remarks.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator will give way,
I will move to postpone the further consideration
of this subject until Thursday, as there is a ne-
cessity this evening for an executive session.
Mr. SEWARD. X will agree to that, if the.
Senator will insert in his motion a proposition to
make the subject the order of the day for Thurs-
day.
_ Mr. 'BROWN. That is included in my mo-
tion .a
TnPmotion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
COLONEL MONTGOMERY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of
the United States, in answer to a resolution of the
Senate, adopted on the 7th instant, requesting him
to communicate to the Senate the proceedings
of the court-martial in the case of Colonel Mont-
gomery, of the United States Army.
Ponding a motion to print the communication,
the Senate adjourned.
J
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 23,1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by Rev. J. G. Cut-
ler.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
PLURALITY RULE.
Mr. LE1TER. 1 offer for adoption the reso-
lution, which 1 send to the Clerk's table.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Jtc&olrcly That the House vviii proceed to tho election of
a Speaker m*c ojcc ; and it, aftei one call of the roll, uo
mcmbei shall have received a majojity of the whole num-
ber of votes, the ioil shall again be failed, and the member
who chilli receive the largest number of vote.-, piovided n
1)0 a m.ijomy of <i fjuoni.u, j-h.iiJ bo the speaker of the
llou.-e oi ili'projjpntunves or the Tlurty Fomih Congicss.
Mr. LEITER. I move the previous question
upon the adoption of the resolution.
CALL OP THE HOUSE.
Mr. WHEELER. I move a call of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. Upon that motion 1 de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 75, nays 120; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Aiken, JJarclaj, Hell, llendley S. Ben-
nett, Bococfc, Doycc, Branch, Burnett. Cadwalailor, John
P. Campbell, Cailile, Cm utherd, Ca^kie ^ Howell Cobb, Cox,
Cuiteii, Davidson,Dowdell, Dunn, Cdinundson, Ethciiriac,
Eu;>tis, Evan*, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Thomru J. J).
Fuller, Coode, Greenwood, J. Mom-on Hams, Samp-on
W. Hams, Harrison, Haven, Hcrbeit, Hotl'man, Hou-ton,
Jewett,George W. Jones, J. Glancv Jones*, Kelly. Kutwell,
Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K. Mai<hall,
Maxwell, MeMuSiin,McQueen, jVfihson, Nichols, Mordeeai
Oliver, Orr, Paine, Phelps, Quitman, Ready, llicaud, Kicli-
archon, Rivers, Robbins,Rmhn, Rust, Savage, Scott, Suecd,
Stewart, Taylor, Underwood, Walker, Waiuei, Welib,
Wheeler, VVmslow, John V. Wimht, and Zolheoftei —15.
NAYS- Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Baibom,
Buiksdale, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billmghur-t. Bimrhain,
Bishop, Bins, Bronton, Broom, Butlmgton, Burlmgame,
Witt, Diek, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie'Elliott, Engh^-h,
.... t-\ .  -v. 3 . "
Kuapp, Kmjht, Knowiton, Knox, Kunkel, Lciter, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, McCarty,
Meaeham, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller, Milhvard, Mooie,
Moigan, Morrdl, Munay, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Packer,
Parker, Peck, Perry, Pe tit, Pike, Powell, Pringle, Pur-
Viance, Purjeur, Ritchie, Roberts, Sabin. Sandidgc, Sapp,
Shciman. &iirmion<s, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Stephens, Stranahan, Talbott, Tappan,
Tiiormgton,Tiiiiiston, Todd, Trailton, Trippe, Tyson, Vail,
Valk, Wade, Wakoman, Walbridgc, Waldion, Cadw:iinder
C. Wasiibuine. Elhliu B. Washbume, Isiaci Washburn,
Watkins, Welch, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruft,
Woodwork, and Daniel B. Wright—120.
So a call of the House was refused.
Mr. EMRIE (when his name was called) said:
I would state to the House that 1 have paired off
with the honorable gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. Faulkner.
When Mr. Faulkner's name was called,
Mr. LETCHER said: 1 have been requested
by my colleague [Mr. Faulkner] to say that he
has been obliged to go to Philadelphia. He told
me he would, before he left, pair off with some
gentleman on the opposite side of the House. I
now understand he has paired off with the gen-
tleman over the way, [Mr. Emrie.]
Mr. ALLEN (when his name was called) said:
I would say that I have paired off for the day
with the gentleman from New York, [Mr. SacxE.]
The previous question was then seconded.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. EDIE. I ask the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Leiter] to withdraw his resolution for a
moment, to afford me an opportunity to make a
correction of a misrepresentation in relation to
myself.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not necessary for the
gentleman to withdraw his resolution for that
pui'pose, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Edie] can make the correction by unani-
mous consent of the House.
The CLERK. If there is no objection, the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will proceed.
There being no objection,
Mr. EDIE said: I find in the New York Tri-
bune of January 25, a letter purporting to have
been written from Washington, dated" Januaiy
23, and signed H. G,, in which the following
paragraph occurs:
'•The House proceeded to the one hundred and twenty-
second vote tor Speaker: Bank*, 00; Richardson, 63 ; Fuller,
3^; Lewis D. Campbell,5; Scattering, 4. [Bankslacked
8 of an election. Edie, ol Pennsylvania, and Pennington,
of New Jersey, though piosent, did not vote."]
The writer of that letter informed me on Sat-
urday last, soon after the House was called to
order, that he would correct that misrepresenta-
tion. I have before me the New York Tribune
of Saturday evening last, which contains tele-
graphic disputehes from that gentleman from this
city, datf'd as late as three o'clock, p. m., of that
day, which was after he informed me of his in-
tent:on_ to correct the misrepresentation. That
correction not having been made, I now deem it
due to myself to say that the statement which I
have read is without foundation in fact. The
record shows that I voted on the one hundred
and twenty-second ballot, and that I voted for
Mr. Baxks, of Massachusetts.
It i  due, porhaps, to the gentleman making
these statements to say, that he informed nie that
he did so without any intention to make a mis-
representation. I desire to say, however, tlmtin
point of morals, 1 can see but little difference
between an intentional falsifying by a man who
puts forth a misrepresentation which lie knows
tojie untrue, and a man who unintentionally fal-
sines, when the record-is at hand from which he
can ascertain the truth of the facts which he states.
PLURALITY" RULE ■AGAIN.
The CLKRK. The gentleman from Ohio
has offered the resolution which has been read,
and upon it demanded the previous question,
which Iws been seconded.
Mr. LEITER. I wish to modify the resolu-
tion, so that it shall read " shall be declared the
Speaker of this House," instead of '• shall be
the Speaker of this House."
Mr. EDIE. I call for the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the resolution.
The CLERIv. The previous question has
been seconded, and the question now is, " Shall
the main question he now put?"
The question being put, it was decided in the
affirmative.
The yeas and nays v^e then ordered on the
passage of the resolution.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table; and upon that I demand the
yeas a2)d nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the atHrmative—yeas l(Jb\ nays 100;asfoIIows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ai'ten, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley S.
Bennett. Bocoek, Boycc, liianch, Ihoom, liarnett, Oadwaf-
ader, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle, Ca-
ruthers, Caskie, Bayard Claik, CHngman, Howell" Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cos, Cullen, Davidson, Dowdell,
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Etherldge, Eustis, Evans,
Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Hams,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Herbert, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J.
Glaney Jones, Iieily, Kennett, lCidwell, Lake, Letcher,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel t$. Marxian, IWawoii, McMuiiin, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Million, Millwaid, Moore, Mordecii
OUvei, Orr, Packer, Paine, Peek, Phelps Porter, Powell,
Puryear, Quitman, Reade, Ready, llicaud, Richardson,
Rivers, Ruttin, Rust, Sandidge, Sntage, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith, i^need. Stephen.?, Stew-
art, Swopp, Talbott, Taylor, Tnppe, XJtid^uvood, Vail.
Valk, Walker, Warner, Wations, Wells, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and
ZotlicotFer—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Biliinghurn, Bmgbam,
Bishop, Bliss, Biadt^haw, Bicmton, BufHngton, Builingame,
James I-I. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax,
Comins, Cragm, Cumbaek, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edie,
Gtddmg-s, Gilbert, Grander, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
HolJoway, Thomas It. Morton, Valentine B. Horton, llow-
aid, Kelsey, King, Ivni<:ht, Ivnowltoii, Knox, Kunkel, Lei-
ter, Mace, Mattoson, MeCaity, Meacham, Kilhau Miller,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Muuay, NiehoK Norton. Anchew
Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Peny, Petht, Pike,
Pringle, Purvmnee, Ritchie, Robbing, Roberts, Sabin, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stianaban,
Tappan, Thoiington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, -
Wade, Wakeman, Walbiidge. \V<i!dron, Cadwaladoi C.
Washburne,Ellih«i B. Wadhbume, Israel Washburn, Wat-
son, Welch, Wood, Woodiuif, and Woodwoith—100.
So the. resolution was laid upon the table.
THE SPEAKERSHIP.
Mr. TYSON". I now move the resolutions of
which I gave notice on Friday last, with a pre-
amble, which expresses altyhat need be said of
their design, import, and practical effect.
It has seemed to me that when an actual mi-
nority stand in need of the plurality rule to elect
their candidate,they should yield to the majority
a consideration or equivalent to the boon. These
resolutions proceed upon that principle, by treat-
ing all parties alike in proportion to their relative
numerical strength.
Assuming two hundred and twenty-five as the
basis of this representative right, I divide that
number by nine, which is the number of the
largest of the standing committees. This gives
twenty-five, which is the limitation prescribed in
the resolutions for choice on committees.
The resolutions secure the rights of ail parties,
and give predominance to none. I ask for the
yeas and nays upon the resolutions.
Tho resolutions were read, as follows:
Whereas fiom the state ot parties represented in this
Hall, it is ascertained, alter many trials and a piotracted
content, that a Speaker cannot b3 elected upon the majoiity
pnm-iple, and the private inteio-t-; ot business, the internal
aiiaus, and the tbiogn relations of the country impera-
tively demand an organization:
Therelbie, in the tpint of concession and compromise,
it boinq deemed an equitable adjustment of theqnsstion
to re&oit to a principle which, while it d^pen^es with the
requisition of a majority of votes for either candidate,
secuiej the representative lights of each m proportion to
members.—it is
Resolved, That any member of the House who shall
receive ioi the office ot Speakei the highest number of
vote-, it a majority of a quomin of member?., though it bs
Iocs than a majonty of the whole number ot votes cast,
shall be the Speaker of the Thut> -Fou:th Congiess : Pro-
vided, That hf and "vt'ry orher candidate voted lor shall
be ie<pcetiv< lv entitled to nominate and appoint so many
membeis only on each ot the standing committees as may
scveialh fall to their lot in the proportion which the num-
ber of vot^N lespeetively lcceived by cach may bear to the
whole number polled ; but no candidate whose vote shall
be less than twenty-nve shall be entitled to any nomina-
tion oi appointment under thi^ resolution.
Resolred, That the Clerk shah compute and assign to
the respective candidates the number of member they
may be seveially entitled to nominate and appnmt under
the loregoing lesoiution; and cach committee, when so
constituted, s-hall elect its own ehanman: Provided, hovj-
cver, That the decisions of the Cleik, under these resolu-
tions, shall be subject to appeal.
Mr. McMXJLLTjN". I move to l,iy the resolu-
tions upon the table.
Mr. BOOOCK. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
A division of the House was being made,
when
Mr, BOCOCK said: I withdraw the demand for
the yeas and nays, if the question is being taken
upon my demand. I do not know that anybody
else demanded them.
Tlie CLERK. They are demanded by several
others.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question recurring upon the motion to lay
the resolution upon the table, it was put; and it
was decided in the affirmative.
So the resolutions were laid upon the table.
