THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RWE^'WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 6, 1856.
New Series....No. 120,
may, possibly, complete another pier. At any
rate there is no objection to the passage of such
a bill as this on the ground that it is against the
Constitution. It is a compliance with your own
contract, and it is to improve your own property
in that part of the river Delaware. To show the
plan of improvement now proposed by the en-
gineer, I will read an " extract from a commu-
nication from Major Sanders, corps of engineers,
to General Totten, chief of engineers, dated April
19,1856."
" New Castle harbor gave shelter to many vessels during
the past wintct, and was con&tantly lesorted to during all
the time the navigation was. interrupted by the ice. Tins
port furnishes an important and necessaiy shelter to the
navigating interest of another, and one of our most com-
mercial States. It is also the lowest point on the Delaware,
connected by rails with Wilmington and Philadelphia.
This harbor is as yet inadequately protected, and should,
according to the plans submitted in 1852, be extended fur-
ther out into the nver. The lower line requires two addi-
tional piers, and the upper hue one additional pier to com-
plete them. These three piers will cover an ample harbor
space lor the present commerce of the ftelawaic. The old,
unfinished, and dilapidated pier which is in the interior of
the harbor, 1 originally proposed to have removed ; but as
that will be a difficult work, and one of very uncertain cost
to accomplish, I have since thought it would be better to
build U up and make a landing of it, as one is much needed
in the middle of the harbor, when the jamming and piling
up of the ice against the lines of piers torming the harbor
make them inaccessible to a vessel. I estimate the build-
ing or the three additional piers required, and the finish-
ing of the old pier, and the connecting of it with the shore
by a bridge, will all cost, including contingencies, about
$50,000."
If any further information is desired, I am pre-
pared to give it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
HARBOR OF ERIE.
The Senate next proceeded to consider, as in
Committee of the Whole, the bill (S. No. 116)
making an appropriation for continuing the im-
provement of the harbor of Erie, in the State of
Pennsylvania. The amount appropriated is
$25,000.
Mr. SEWARD. This bill is based on the
estimates of the topographical bureau for the
year 1853-'54, which will be found in the report
of that bureau for that year:
" This fine harbor is very much exposed from the want
of protection at the west end. The sea has made ,i breach
in the low strip of land which connected the beach, and
from the west is gradually filling the harbor, and the island
itself is rapidly wearing away by the constant abrasion of
the sea.*' * * tc The cub-woik filled with slone, which
was last constructed, has been entirely demolished." * *
" Some more effectual method must be resoited to. By in-
structions from the bureau, the north channel pierat the east
end of the harbor has been repaired to the water's edge."
* * "I submit an estimate lot the extension of the piers,
for repairing the present north channel pier, and also an
appioximate estimate for the protection of the west end of
the harbor."
The same subject is reported at page 203 in the
report of Major Turnbull, who was the engineer
in charge, made to Colonel Ahert, in which he
says, "This fine harbor is very much exposed for
want of protection at the west end." He gives
a description of the work, and the estimate is
$25,000.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should like to
know from the local representatives what is the
value of this harbor at Erie, and whether it is
really of any importance ?
Mr. BIGLER. I will very freely give the Sen-
ator any information that I possess on that sub-
ject.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I only remember
that I was driven past there in bad weather, and
under circumstances when we could not enter it
at all. Perhaps it may be considered that this
harbor is susceptible of further and greater im-
provements.
Mr. BIGLER. I have never heard it sug-
gested that the harbor at Erie was of no import-
ance, or of little importance. I think it is really
one of the best harbors on the lake, one of the
safest, one important to the purposes of commerce
and trade, and may be so in a military point of
view. I think there is no harbor on Lake Erie
120
j susceptible of more perfect improvement; and a
I small amount of money will make it a very safe
| harbor.
! Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is sufficient,
| sir.
j Mr. BIGLER. I intend to vote for it because
j it comes within the principle which I have laid
j down for myself. 1 have not troubled the Senate
; with explaining my views on this subject, and
! they will not perhaps be entirely satisfactory to
the contending parties here, but I shall not do so
at this time. I have, however, a very distinct
opinion on this subject. I am not voting at
random at all. I shall vote for this appropria-
tion.
| The bill was reported to the Senate without
| amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
| reading, read the third time, and passed.
| IMPROVEMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 51) to provide
for continuing the improvement of the Mississippi
river, which, as introduced by Mr. Geyer, pro-
posed to appropriate $200,000, to be expended,
under the direction of the Secretary of War, for
the improvement of the Mississippi river below
the Des Moines rapids.
The Committee on Commerce reported the bill
with an amendment to strikeout " $200,0005,and
insert " $100,000."
Mr.-GEYER. That bill, as originally intro-
duced, is the bill passed by the Senate at the
last session. The committee propose to amend
it by striking out " $200,000," and inserting
"$100,000" as the appropriation. The reason
why the sum of $200,000 was inserted was, that
the Government had sold the snag-boats and other
machinery for the improvement of the liver, and
it was necessary to increase the appropriation in
order to cover that expense. I think it better,
however, that the appropriation should be spacific
for the improvement of the river, and then have
another appropriation for the purchase or con-
struction of snag-boats. I shall therefore vote for
the amendment proposed by the committee, and
then move to add, as an additional section, the
substance of the provision which I hold in my
hand, which is to appropriate $120,000 for the
construction and equipment of snag-boats, ma-
chine-boats, and quarter-boats, for the service of
the Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas rivers.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to.
Mr. GEYER. I propose the following as an
additional section:
And be it further enacted, That there shall be, and is
hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Trea^iry not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of ,^126,000 for the con-
struction and equipment of snag boats machine-boats, and
quarter-boats, for the service of the Mississippi, Missouri,
and Arkansas rivers.
The estimate will be found in the report of the
Secretary of War accompanying the President's
message at the commencement of the present
session, part 2, page 295:
Estimate for the ensum? fiscal year.— Construction and
equipment of three large twin-snag-boats of impiovcd con-
struction, for service m the Mississippi generallj ,and in the
Missouri and Arkansas occasionally, at a probable cost of
£30,000 foi each boat, &c £90,000
Construction and equipment of two light-draft snag-
boat*-, with single hulls, foi service in the Missouri
and Arkansas rivers, at a probable co?t of $15,000
for each boat. &c  30,000
Construction and equipment of two ranchmu-b<MU>
for service m Aikan^a* and Mis«ouu rivers, at a
probable co>t of .$2,500 for each boat, &e  5,000
Construction of two quarter-boats for accommoda-
tion of crews of machine-boats, at £000 cach.. 3,000
Total for constructions and equipments $126,000
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. BIGGS. I should like to hear the bill
read as amended.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. BIGGS. I believe we have been aeting
| up to this period, sometimes on the opinion of
i the Committee on Commerce and sometimes upon
j the estimates made by the topographical bureau.
Do I understand the Senator from Missouri to
have moved his amendment as the opinion of the
Committee on Commerce, or as the representa-
tive of the interest affected here ?
Mr. GEYER. I moved the amendment upon
the estimate of the superintendent of the work.
The honorable Senator, perhaps, is notaware that
all the machinery on the Mississippi was sold
about two years ago, under the orders of the
Secretary of War. It became necessary, therefore,
if the improvement was Jo be carried on at all, to
have an additional appropriation for the purchase
ot machinery. At the last session we had not
the estimate. We then passed a bill making an
appropriation in the aggregate of $200,000 for
the Mississippi. At the commencement of this
session I introduced the same bill again. The
Committee on Commerce reduced the appropri-
ation from $200,000 to $100,000 for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Mississippi river,
and reported no provision for the purchase of
machinery to make the improvement in all those
rivers—the Missouri, Arkansas, and Mississippi;
and the amendment which I have proposed is
designed to cover the estimate made by the super-
intendent of the work, Colonel Long, for this
machinery. That is the object.
Mr. BIGGS. I merely want to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to what I see by these esti-
mates themselves. It is true, as the Senator
from Missouri states, that there is an estimate
for the ensuing fiscal year of $126,000. It is also
true that following that is an estimate of $90,000
for the improvement is the Mississippi below the
rapids. The Committee on Commerce moved to
strike out of the original bill $200,000 as intro-
duced by the Senator from Missouri, and insert
I $1.00,000. The estimate, besides the snag-boats, is
I $90,000. I find some of the estimates are relied
upon and conformed to, while many of them are
I disregarded and repudiated entirely. There is
i only a difference, to be sure, in this case, between
| the estimate, and the sum reported by the Com-
J mittee on Commerce, of $10,000; but the Com-
j mittee on Commerce do not recommend, accord-
\ ing to the other estimate made by the Depart-
ment, $126,000 for these boats. There is con-
nected with this work—for this appears to be the
improvement of the Mississippi below the rap-
ids—another estimate on the same page of the
report, and that is the " improvement of the Des
Moines rapids, $60,000." Wo passed a bill the
other day, on the recommendation of the Com-
mittee on Commerce., appropriating $200,000 for
the Des Moines rapids. The estimate is $60,000
fur the Des Moines rapids, and we passed a bill
the other day appropriating $200,000 for the Des
Moines rapids. The estimates for the improve-
ment of the Mississippi river below the rapids is
$90,000, and the enmmittee report $100,000; and
then, with the assent of the Committee on Com-
merce, there is an addition tacked to it of $126,000.
I again repeat what I said the other day, that
it seems to me we have no uniform rule to act
While :
upon.
I am up, I will say that there might,
have been, and probably was, included in a bill
passed some time ago, some objects of improve-
ment that I would be willing to vote for; but
there is no discrimination, no uniformity, in the
recommendations of the committee on which I
can rely. Some bills are framed upon one prin-
ciple, and some upon another; but the most lati-
tudinous construction has been given _ to tho
appropriations, and therefore I feel justified in
voting against all those that I know nothing
about.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to know if the last
addition was made by the recommendation of
the committee*
Mr. GEYER. JVo, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. It is an amendment proposed
by the Senator from Missouri.
Mr. TOOMBS. That makes no difference with
me; but I desire to know the fact, and I wish to
