1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1031
necessarily go to a Committee of the Whole
House. From that decision an appeal was taken,
and the House ov erruled the decision of the Chair.
The grntleman from Ohio now moves to recon-
sider the "vote whereby tho House reversed the
decision of the Chair. The gentleman from North
Carolina moves to lay that motion to reconsider
on the table, and on this latter motion the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to inquire whether it
■would be in order now to have read some decis-
ions made by the First Comptroller of the Treas-
sury in cases analogous to this ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 70, nays 73; as follows;
YEAS — Messis. Aiken, Baiksdale, Dell, Ilendley S.
Tiennett, Bocock, Boyce, Bianch, Burnett, Cadwalarler,
Jehu P. Campbell, Carliie, Caskic, Clinginan, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Davidson,
Edmundson, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Mor-
rison Hariis, Sampson W. Hams-, Hoffman, Valentine IS-
Horton, Hu^hston, George W. Jones, Kelly, KidweM.
Letter, Letcher, Lmdley, Ijimijikin, Huinplney Mare-hall,
Samuel S. Marshall,Maxwell,McMnHin,Mc1uepn,Smith
Miller, Orr, Peek, Phelps, Powell, Puryear, Quitman,
Keade, Ready, Richardson, Ritchie, Rivers, Ruffin, San-
didge, Savage, Shorter, William It. Smith, Sliced, Spinner,"
Swope, Talbott, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Weils,
Wheeler, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright
—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Heniy Bennett, Benson, Bing-
ham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton,
Burlmgame, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Colfax, Covode, Cragin,
Cumback, JDamiell, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis,
Dean, Denver, Dickson, Dodd, Emrie, Elistis, Evans, Henry
M. Fuller, Galloway, GHidings, Grow, Ilailan, Harrison,
Haven, Hollowav, Kelsey, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, JMnltesoii, Millward, Morgan, Morull, Murray,
Andie'.v Oliver, Paine, Pelton, Periy, Pettit, Pike, Plingle,
Itobbms, Robi^on, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Seward, Simmons,
Siamou, Tappan, Tlionnaton, Thurston, Trafton, Wade,
Walhrulce, Waldron, Elhhu li. Washbume, Israel Wash-
bum, Watson, Whitney, Woodruff, and Woodworth—73.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. UOBISON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Edie, had paired off with Mr. Faulkner.
Mr. BAR.KSDALE stated that Messrs. Emrie
and Lake had paired off on the slavery ques-
tion, and all questions pertaining to that one, for
three weeks, commencing on Monday, the 28th
instant.
Mr. JEWETT. I desire to say that I have
paired off with the honorable Mr. Day, of Ohio,
tinder that arrangement I am not permitted to
vote to-day. If, however, I could have voted, I
would have voted in the affirmative.
The question recurred on the motion to recoil-
eider.
Mr. PHELPS. Since the decision of the
House made yesterday, and since the decision
made by yourself, Mr. Speaker, I have made some
little examination of the law, and the practice
of the Government, applicable to the case under
consideration. In the iirst place our Constitution
provides that no money shall be drawn from tho
Treasury of the United States, unless in pursu-
ance of an appropriation. Then the rule of the
House provides, that "all proceedings touching
appropriations of money shall be first discussed
in a Committee of the VVliole House." Row, it
was conceded by yourself, Mr. Speaker, when
making the decision, that if, under and by virtue
of the provisions of this bill, the money named
in the certificates to be issued by these commis-
sioners would be paid at the Treasury without
any further legislation, then it was an appropri-
ation hill, and must be considered in the whole
House. On the other hand, your decision was,
tiiat the executive department of the Government,
the accounting officers of the Treasury, would
not, by the language of this bill, be authorized to
pay the money specified in these certificates. And
the question now arises, what has been the con-
struction given at the Tieasury Department under
similar acts and the question also arises, what
is the natural meaning and import of the language
used in this bill ? I do not think it necessary,
nor is it necessary, that you should say, in so
many words, that "the money "is hereby appro-
priated," when you pass a bill directing money
to be paid out of the Treasury.
I know that we have adopted a practice which
has been folio wed for many years—but the reason
for that practice has long since ceased to exist
wsing in our appropriation bills ihc language that
the sums of money " die hereby appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated;" but that provision contained in our
bills is now utterly useless, and is now being less
frequently used. We adopted it at a time when
Congress had set apart ^10,000,000 annually for
the extinction of the public debt. By the act of
1817, #10,000,000 a year was set apart for the
payment of the public debt. That amount was
to be paid if the evidences of the public debt were
presented, whether there was any money left in
the Treasury for carrying on the "Government or
not.
Once, therefore, to preserve the public faith, and
protect the public credit, it was necessary, in
making appropriations, to use the language, " to
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated," in order that no en-
croachment should be made on the appropriation
set apart for the extinction of the public debt:
Hence an examination of the practice under
■which the accounting officers of the Treasury have
acted for a long period of time will show, that
when the language " the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is hereby directed to allow" has been used, it
has been construed as making the appropriations.
No further legislation has been considered neces-
sary to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay the money.
Again, when the Secretary of the Treasury or
any accounting officer of the Government has
been directed by law to pay a certain sum of
money, that, without any more specific language,
has always been construed to be an appropriation.
Can stronger language be used?
The bill under consideration declares that these
certificates shall entitle the holder to be paid the
sum of money therein specified on presentation of
said certificates at tho Treasury. To this there
is one limitation—that said certificates must be
presented within one year after their date. I
admit that, if the certificates shall notbe presented
and paid within one year after their date, addi-
tional legislation will be necessary. Can we use
stronger language to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury than we do, when we say that these certifi-
cates shall entitle the holder to be paid on present-
ation at the Treasury ? It would have been no
stronger if the bill had contained the words, "and
the said amount is hereby appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated." Can legal gentlemen take any other
position?
I have before me a decision of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury, Elisha Whittlesey—a man
who has had much experience in the legislative
as well as the executive department of the Gov-
ernment—a man able, intelligent, and learned in
the law, whose political opinions differ from mine,
but a man whom we all acknowledge is an honest
and faithful custodian of the public treasure.
Desiring to obtain information in relation to the.
practice of tho Government and the constructions
which have been given at the Treasury Depart-
ment of the various acts of Congress which have
been passed, where money has been paid out of
the Treasury, 1 learned from him that the words,
" shall be paid," have been construed to approp-
riate tho money.
I will refer to the law of 1832, with which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Haven] must
be familiar. The act made an indefinite appro-
priation for tho payment of pensions to persons
who were entitled to receive it under the provis-
ions of the act. The language used is, "That
the pay allowed by this act shall, under the
direction of tho Secretary of the Treasury, be
paid to the officer, non-commissioned officer,
musician, or private," &c. Under this act, mil-
lions of dollars have been paid to revolutionary
pensioners.
Now, sir, what is the language used in this
bill ? The word " pay" is used. And, sir, in the
act of 1832 the word paid is used, and no specific
appropriation was made. It was an indefinite
appropriation; and every gentleman knows that
the Government is continually making these in-
definite appropriations, in consequence of which
money is paid without further legislation.
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the gentleman from
Missouri allow me to ask him a question ? The
Government have, within my recollection, author-
ized the issuance of Treasury notes, payable at
f>o Treasury. Now, sir, lias the Treasurer, or
the Seeielary of the Tieasury, any right to pay
•"ft
them until the money is specifically.appropriated.
for that designated purpose ? i
Mr. PHELPS, Does not the gentleman from
New York know that acts of Congress have been
passed, and are now upon your statute-book,
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to pur-
chase Treasury notes, or bonds of the United '
States, and to pay for them out of the funds of *
the Treasury, without a specific sum having been,
appropriated for that purpose ? So much in reply
to the gentleman from New York. Now, sir, I
will cite you to another act of Congress, passed .
in 1847, making provision for the payment of
property lost in the military service of the United
States, which provides that the awards made by
the Auditor, and confirmed by the Sccond Comp-
troller of the Treasury, shall be paid out of the
Treasury. The language used is of similar im-
port to that used in this bill. But no acts have •
ever been passed making any specific appropria-
tions for the payment of these claims; and yet
these claims have, for a long series of years, been
regularly paid. The act is familiar to every
member who has had any considerable business
transactions at the Departments.
I will now call your attention to another act,
passed in 1851, and read from the report made
by Mr. Comptroller Whittlesey, who, in tho:
official discharge of his duty, declared that the ■
language used made the appropriation, and that
no further legislation was necessary to enable the
claimant to obtain the money due under that act.
The law is one authorizing and directing the pay-
ment of interest to the State of Georgia for ad-
vances made the Government during the years
183C, 1837, and 1838. The language used is:
" That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized allow to the State of Georgia, for advances," &c.
The only language bore employed, upon which
the First Comptroller decided that an appropria-
tion was made, was the word " allowUnder the
act which I have just read, the question arose at
the Treasury Department, as it will arise if we
pass this bill, whether or not it made an appro-
priation, and whether the Treasury Department
could pay the amount of money found due to the
State of Georgia.
The followingis the opinion of the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury:
Trea«ury .-Department,
Comptroller's Office, August 1,38Sl.
By an act approved March 3d, 1851, the Secretary of
War is authorized to allow to the State of Geoigia, for ad-
vances made to the United States for the suppression of cer-
tain Indian hostilities, inteicst upon all sums allowed and
paid, or t.o be paid, for any moneys advanced by the State
for the putpo^e atbioaid, from the date of such advance
until tlie principal sum or sums were or may be paid by the
United States: Provided, That no interest shall be paid on
any sum on which the said State of Georgia did not cither
pay or lose interest.
Theieis no specific appropriation of the money to pay
the amount fiom the Treasury, that the Secretary of War
may so "■ ullow." The question baa been askod by the hon-
orable Seeietary of the Treasury, whether payment can. be
legally made under said act of the amount the said Secre-
taiy of War has allowed.
In eonstiuing statutes, the title is sometimes resorted
to; and, " when taken m coimcction with other jkius, may
assist in removing ambiguities when the inlentis not plain ;
for when the mmd labors to discover the intention of the
Legislature, it seizes everything, even the title from which
aid can be derived."
The title to tin* act is. u An act to authorize the Secretary
of War to allow the payment of interest to the State of
Geoigia, for advances made for the use of the United States
in the suppression of the hostilities of the Creek, Seminole,
and Cheiokee Indians, 111 the years 1836, '37, and '38."
Although tho Secretary of War is not authorized by law
to draw a wairant upon the Trea-ury, the word " payment"
in connection with the authority given to "■oMov'," s>nows
that1 the intention of Congress was to "pay" what might
be ec allowed
That intention is also derived from the prohibition in the
pioviso, that no interest be paid on any sum on which
Georgia did not pay or lose interc?.t. Unless the sum al-
lowed by the Secretaiy of War was to be paid, the pioviso
would be nugatory. One definition of the woid c- allow,"
by Johnson, is " to pay.'5 Although the Secietaiy,or acting
Sccietaryot the Trea^uiy, only, can i=sue a warrant to draw
money from the Tioa-ury, yet the acts authonzmg the ac-
counting otficor to audit, settle, and pay, the accounts of a
person named, have been deemed by the Secretaries of the
Treasury to give them the authority to pay, when the ac-
counting officers have audited and Settled the accounts, and
repoited their finding. The principal advanced by Georgia
ii;td been paid. Other States, that had made similar ad-
vance-: m time of war, had been paid intercut, on the prin-
ciples mentioned in tins act; and it seems to me that it was
th  intention of Congress to place Geoigia on the footing of
other States, and to interest to her, as well as to
11 allow" it.
Th.itmtention, T lliink, <*ppeam from the act iteself as well
as trotyi the Mibje/n-uuuif*r and the' title. i?, trKi
SeeK'tar} of the Treasury is authorized to puy the interest
