1082
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
reported to be due by the Secretary of War, on the princi-
ples laid down in the act.
* ELISHA WHITTLESEY.
It seems to be conceded, Mr. Speaker, by those
who entertain opinions different from mine, that
if, under this bill, money can be drawn from the
Treasury Department, without further legisla-
tion by Congress, then it is an appropriation bill,
and, under the rules, must be first considered in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. My object is to show that language
anftlagous to that used in the bill has been repeat-
edly construed by the accounting officers of the
Treasury to appropriate money. If I show that
to be the fact under the uniform practice of the
Government for the last thirty years, and per-
haps longer, then there can be no doubt of the
decision this House ought to make on the point
of order which was raised on yesterday.
Again: to give yet another instance. In March
1852 an act was passed, to make compensation to
the various land officers of the United States for
their services in locating military bounty land
warrants. The question arose at the Treasury
Department, whether the money to which those
registers and receivers claimed they were entitled,
could be paid unless there was further legislation
by Congress. The following is the Comptroller's
opinion: Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, March 27, 18o2.
Construction of a Statute—whether it appropriates money.
The third section of the act of 22d Maich, 1832, is as
follows:
a That registers and receivers, whether in or out of office
at the passage of tins act, or their legal representatives, m
case of death, shall be entitled to receive trom the Treasury
of the United States, for services heietoforc pcrfoimed in
locating military bounty-land warrants, the same rate of
compensation provided in the preceding section for services
hereafter to be perfoimed, after deducting the amount
already received by such officers under the act entitled 'An
net to requue the holders of military land warrants to com-
pensate the land officers of the United States for services
in relation to the location of those wanants,' approved
May 17,1£48: Provided, That no register or receiver shall
receive any compensation out of the Treasury for past
services who has charged and received illegal fees* foi the
location of such warrants: Jlnd provided further. That no
register or receiver shall icceive for his services during any
year a greater compensation than the maximum now allowed
by law."
A question arises, whether this section contains an appro-
priation clause, so that the amount that ^iall be found due
to the respective registers and leccivers mentioned therein
can be paid directly from the Ticasuiy.
The act of February 11,1847, provided for giving bounty
land to the non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates, who served in the war with Mexico, and should be
honorably discharged.
These warrants might be located on any of the public
lands of the United States subject to private entry.
The compensation of registeis and receivers of the land
offices was derived, at the passage of this law, from a salary
of $.>00, and liom one per cent, on the money \ ceeived and
accounted for. So far as these wariant.s were located, no
money was received, and no compensation was paid for
services rendered in making the proper entries, and reporting
the pioceedings to the Genual Land Otlice. This U^s ot
compensation had been the subject of complaint by the
registers and receivers of various land offices, and relief
was asked of Congress.
The warrants issued under the aet of 1850 were not
assignable, and Congress was requested to make them
transferable.
The first scction of the act of 22d March, 1855, authorizes
the holders to assign the wanants.
The second section authorizes the registers and receivers,
after the passage of the act, to receive from the assignees,
or holders of the warrants, for their services in locating
them, the same compensation or peieentage to which they
were entitled by law lor the sales of the public lands for cash.
This section expressly provides for the future, when this
class of warrants are located, and it restores to there
officers the same rule and rate of compensation as they had
been entitled to before the passage of the act of Febiuary
11,1847; but it did not piovide for the past. This was
accomplished by the thud section. Tnc rate of compensa-
tion for the past was established at the late fixed bv the
second section for the future; but inasmuch as the war-
rants had, m many instances, been located, it could not be
chargcd to those who had held the warrants ; but, if paid
at all, it must be charged upon the Treasuiy of the United
States.
The words, " shall be entitled to reeeivc from the Ti eas-
Ury of the United States," is not the language generally
used to appropriate money, nor is any particular phraseology
prescribed by the Constitution or the Jaw.
If Conjure*" was legislating for an individual claimant,
and should direct the accounting officers to ascertain what
was due, on certain principles, and should say the claimant
" shall be entitled to receive the same ftom the Treasury of
the United States," it seems to me the clause would appro-
priate the money to be paid from the Treasury. That, in
effect, is this case. The aet lays down certain defined
rules for ascertaining the amount the registers and receivers
are to be entitled to; and if it was intended to have an
appropriation by another act, it was wholly unnecessary to
have said anything about receiving the money fioin the
Treasury, for the payment would he directed by the act
appropriating the money, if such act should be passed.
The intention of the Legislature is to be the guide in con-
struing statutes in cases of doubt.
Considering this language in connection with the facts
referred to, and considering this section in connection with
the second section, and considering the prohibition con-
tained in the provisoes of the third section, my opinion is,
that the third section is a section of appropriation for the
class of cases mentioned therein.
ELISHA WHITTLESEY.
When Congress directs that certain persons
shall be allowed certain sums of money, the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury—those in office
prior to this Administration—have decided that
that language makes an appropriation, and the
money has been paid accordingly. But, Mr.
Speaker, when any doubt arises in my mind on
any question, I seek the advice of gentlemen in
whose judgment I have confidencc. I have asked
the opinion of the gentleman who, if this bill pass
and he is retained in office, will have to pass on
it. His opinion of the language used in the bill
is unofficial, and given at my request. I presented
the section of the bill which has been read from
the Clerk's desk; and my inquiry was, whether,
under the rules and practice of the construction
of the statutes of the United States, that section
made an appropriation and rendered further le-
gislation unnecessary—whether it enabled the
claimants, if passed, to obtain the money specified
in their certificates? In reading his opinion, X
beg to say that I do so only in confirmation of
my own opinion; for if I had differed from him,
that difference would have existed until he exhib-
ited arguments sufficiently conclusive to demand
a change of my opinion. He says:
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, slprit25,18.56.
Sir: The latter of the fourth section of a bill to refund
duties in ccitam cases, is as follows : c< Which said certi-
ficate shall entitle the person or persons named therein, or
the legal holder thereof, to be paid the sum also named
therein, upon presentation of the said certificate at the
Treasury of the United States within one year from its
date," &c.
The question is, whether these words appropriate adequate
sums of money to pay the certificates that may be issued
under the provisions of the act? My opinion is, that the
money will be appropriated it the bill becomes a law.
What constitutes appropriation clauses has been exam-
ined in this office heretofore, and I send to you copics of
two decisions.
If the words had been " to he paid at the Treasury out of
any money not otherwise appropnated," no one, I presume,
would doubt that an adequate sum of money was appro-
priated to pay the certificates. The words " not otherwise
appropriated" are now wholly unnecessary, and therefore
the words "to be paid at the Treasury" arc full and com-
plete
The public domestic debt was funded under an act ap-
proved August4, 1790. (Vol. 1, p. 138.)
Commissioncis of the sinking fund were created by an
act of August 12, 1790. (Vol. 1, p. 188.)
Additional fund created, and pledged for the redemption
of the public debt. (Vol. 1, p. 434.)
linking fund to be $7,300,000 by the aet of April 29,
1802. (Vol.2, p. 168.)
Sinking fund increased to $£,000,000 by the act of No-
vembci 10, 1803. (Vol. 2, p. 5246.)
Smkm«* fund mciea-ed to $10,000,000 by the act of March
3,1817. (Vol. 3, p. 379.)
These .several sums of money were pledged to pay the
public debt; and a contract was. made with the public cred-
itor, that the money so set apait should be used for no
other purpose. And hence the language in acts appropri-
atinsmoney for other purposes, ccto be paid out ofanymoney
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated."
The public debt was paid off in 1834, and from that time
thcie has existed no necessity of qualifying an appropriation.
And the words " bo paid," or any other words of similar
impoit, are all that are necessary for an appropriation
clause.
I mentioned to yon last evening the act of April 9,1816,
to pay for pioporty lost, destroyed, &c. On looking at the
tenth section of that act, I find the words " not otherwise ap-
piopnatcd," although they are omitted in the fourteenth
section.
J cannot follow thic subject further, and send to you m
season. I have been constantly mtciruptcd. My decisions,
of winch I send copies, were approved by the Secretary.
Most sincerely yours,
ELISHA WHITTLESEY.
Hon. John S. Phelps, Committee of Ways and Means y
House of Representatives.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the question presented to
the House is an important one. The question is,
whether this bi 11 makes an appropriation of money?
and if so, you concede, and so do others, that this
bill must follow the course it took yesterday—go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
tile Union. I am aware that, in reference to
this bill, there is a hot haste manifested on the
part of some of its friends to press this matter
through under ademand for the previous question.
Yesterday, when the bill was reported by a mem-
ber of the Committee on Commerce having charge
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It is not in order for the gentleman
from Missouri to discuss the merits of this bill.
Mr. PHELPS. The whole subject is open.
The SPEAKER. Upon the motion to recon-
sider, a discussion of the merits of the principles
involved in the decision of the Chair is in order.
Mr. PHELPS. I was adverting to the fact
that yesterday, there was hot haste to put the bill
upon its passage. There was no one who could
inform you of the amount of money which would
be taken from the Treasury by this bill. Rumor
says that a sum amounting to ten or fifteen mil-
lions of dollars will be drawn from the Treasury.
Twenty-five millions, says a gentleman near me.
Now, ough. this bill to be passed in such hot
haste ?
Mr. PELTON. "Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him a moment ?
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman inform
me of the amount which will be required to satisfy
this bill ?
Mr. PELTON. I will state what amount,
according to my information, will be required.
From the most reliable information I can obtain
from New York merchants and others who are
conversant with the amount of goods which have
been destroyed by fire, and upon which duties
may be returned or refunded, not in a single
instance have I found the estimate to exceed
$300,000. I believe it will not exceed that. I
give the gentleman my sources of information,
and if I am mistaken I am not responsible forthe
mistake. Rut I do not believe that, in any event,
it can possibly exceed from $300,000 to $500,000.
Mr. PHELPS. I am much obliged to the gen-
tleman for the information; and now I mean to
say that the gentleman has not investigated the
question, or else a committee of the last Congress
was faithless in the discharge of its duties. The
bill which was proposed at the last Congress only
provides for refunding duties on goods which
were destroyed by a fire which occurred in New
York on the 19th of July, 1845, and a certain fire
which occurred in San Francisco, California; and
the report of the committee on that bill shows
that even to satisfy that bill would require more
than the amount which has been named by the
gentleman from New York. Who has made an
examination of this matter ? That bill only ap-
plied to the fires which I have mentioned, while
this bill embraces all goods which, in original
packages, have been destroyed by fire within the
United States for the last twenty years.
Mr. PELTON. It goes back to 1838. A sim-
ilar bill was passed in 1838; and this present bill
is based upon that law. The bill is simply to fill
up a hiatus extending from 1838 to 1854, so that
there might be a continuous aet upon the subject.
It would answer the purpose of New York mer-
chants to have it extend Back to 1845; but at the
suggestion, I believe, of Mr. Mason, the Senate
concluded that it was best to let it fill up the whole
interval.
Mr. PHELPS. I choose to read a clause from
the report made at the first session of the last
Congress to the House of Representatives, by a
gentleman who then represented one of the dis-
tricts of the State of New York, and was a mem-
ber ofthe Committee on Commerce of this House.
It was a report made upon a bill which was then
in their hands.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order. This line of remark by the
gentleman from Missouri is not in order.
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that the merits of the bill are not involved in the
question before the House. It is perhaps proper
that the gentleman should allude to the import-
ance of the bill, but it certainly is not his right,
under the pending question, to argue the merits
of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. As the gentleman from New
York has stated an amount of money which will
be required by this bill, and as he and I differ
upon that point, I hope the House will permit ma
to read a small portion of the report made by
Mr. Fenton during the last Congress. It accom-
panied a bill which applied to goods destroyed by
only one fire in the city of New York, and seve-
ral fires in San Francisco. It says:
" It is claimed that the duties which had been paid or
secured to the Government on the imported merchandise
which was destroyed by said fire, amounted to $600,000,
