1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
293
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Warner.
Ho. or Reps.
one extra electoral votes, and for all which they
pay not a farthing of the stipulated consideration.
Sir, by this fraud the free States are, to a great
extent, disfranchised. The property representa-
tion of the slave States, not enjoyed by the North,
is equal to some eighteen hundred thousand votes,
or in effect disfranchising some eighteen hundred
thousand northern freemen—more than five times
the number of all the slaveholders put together.
Sir, five slaveholders, with each one thousand
slaves, have more power in Congress and at every
presidential election than three thousand north-
ern freemen. And now we are coolly asked to
remain quiet and submit to have this unfair ad-
vantage over us not only perpetuated, but to have
it multiplied, and increased, and extended to an
indefinite extent. Sir, I ask, with all due respect,
is not this a little too much ?
Now, sir, for section ninth of the Constitution.
Here again slavery seeks a shelter:
" Sec. 9, Art. 1.—The migration orimportation of such
persons as any of the States now existing shall think proper
to admit, shall not be prohibited prior to 1808."
This is claimed by some to be a recognition of
the slave trade. If it was, it was a recognition
with a vengeance. It was to put an end to it. And
here, sir, allow me to quote as authority a rule
of interpretation of the United States Supreme
Court:
" When rights are infringed; when fundamental princi-
ples are overthrown ; when the general system of laws are
departed from, the legislative intention must be expressed
with irresistible clearness to induce a court of justice to
suppose a design to effect such an object."
" When rights are infringed," the legislative
intention must be expressed with irresistible clear-
ness.
Sir, will any one pretend that the Constitution
expresses " with irresistible clearness" that one
man is allowed to infringe on the rights of another
so far as to deprive him of his liberty—to take
possession of nis wife and children and make
them subservient to his will—to sell them to a re-
turnless distance from their native home and from
each other, and pocket the money ? God forbid
-that the Constitution of my country should harbor
such a sentiment.
Sir, you are not to rely on doubtful passages
of law; you are not to infer or guess when the
dearest rights of man—when liberty itself is sought
to be overthrown. Nothing short of positive
declarations, expressed " with irresistible clear-
ness," can give slavery the slightest foothold in
the Constitution.
And here, sir, I take occasion to say, that the
Constitution nowhere gives Congress power to
legislate for the return of fugitive slaves. Sir, I
demand that the power be pointed out " with irre-
sistible clearness," or the claim to it be aban-
doned forever. Sir, all attempts to sustain slavery
in the Constitution take for granted the legality
of slavery when the Constitution was formed.
Without this assumption no such claim would
ever have been set up. But as this assumption is
untrue, the whole fabric of slavery in the Consti-
tution falls to the ground. Sir, if this glorious
republican Constitution of this glorious land of
liberty, the asylum of the oppressed, this home
of the brave, and this land of the free, take sides
with slavery, then I confess I do not understand
it. Sir, the Constitution, both in spirit and ex-
Eress terms, repudiates slavery, and positively
ars its existence. Slavery is war, open war, on
the rights of man. It is death to rights inalienable.
Its very name was offensive to the convention that
formed the Constitution, and was denied a record.
Slavery in the Constitution! Sir, it would be like
ingrafting wormwood into the tree of liberty!
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF HON. H. WARNER,
of georgia,
In the House of Representatives,
Jlpril 1,1856.
The House being In the Committee of the Whole, and
baving under consideration the President's Annual Message,
Mr, WARNER said:
Mr. Chairman: The gentleman from Indiana,
(Mr.bnent0n,1 who last addressed the commit-
tee upon the subject of the'President's message,
thought proper to arraign that officer before the
country, for calling the attention of the people of
the non-slaveholding States to their constitutional
obligations, in regard to the institution of slavery
as it exists in the United States. Before final
1 judgment shall be rendered upon that arraignment,
j it may be proper to inquire, whether there existed
any necessity, any occasion, for the discharge of
that high ana responsible duty, on the part of the
Chief Magistrate of the Union ? Has there been
formed, in any portion of this Confederacy, a sec-
tional political organization, for the purpose of
depriving the people of the slaveholding States
| of rights solemnly guarantied to them by the
i Constitution?
• Passing by, for the present, the repeated at-
tempts that have been made in some of the free
States to nullify the fugitive slave law, what, sir,
have we witnessed in this Hall in regard to such a
sectional political organization? When we first
assembled here -for the purpose of effecting an
organization of this House, the senior member
from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] declared the line of
policy that should govern him and his political
friends in that organization; that line of policy
was declared to be, to invoke the power of this
Government for the purpose of excluding slave
property from the common territory of the Union.
The distinguished gentleman from Massachusetts
was put in nomination for the Speaker's chair, to
carry into practical effect that declared line of
policy; aijd during the nine weeks' struggle which
ensued here, that distinguished gentleman—for
i the purpose of uniting the support of his political
friends—declared, in nis place, that he was in
, favor of protecting the property of southern men
as well as northern men in the common territory
i of the Union: that is to say, all such property
as is recognized as property by the universal law
of nations, but that property in slaves was not
so recognized by that universal law; therefore,
was not entitled to be protected in that common
territory; that slavery existed in the States by
force of positive law; and that whenever the
owner of that property took it beyond the terri-
torial limits of such State, it ceasea to be entitled
to protection as property. With these declared
opinions, the result of that protracted contest is
well known to this House and to the country.
Those who invoke the power of this Govern-
ment to exclude slavery from the common ter-
ritory, give as a reason therefor, that they are in
favor of liberty; that they are in favor of the
extension of liberty. I, too, sir, am in favor of
liberty, and am in favor of the extension of lib-
erty; but it is not that wild, unbridled, licentious,
higher-law liberty, that whetted the guillotine and
deluged the streets of revolutionary France with
blood, but it is that liberty which brings healing
on its wings; it is American liberty; it is constitu-
tional liberty; which protects the citizen in the
enjoyment of all his civil and religious rights, and
his rights of property; that liberty, sir, which
the fathers of the Republic intended to secure and
perpetuate, not only for themselves but their
posterity, when they sealed the bond of union be-
tween the States of this Confederacy. It is the
fundamental principles of that American liberty,
of that constitutional liberty, which I propose to
discuss to-day; and I shall endeavor to maintain
and to demonstrate that, in accordance with those
fundamental principles, my constituents have
both the legal and equitable right to take their
slave property into the common territory of this
Union, to have it protected there; and that this
Government has no power under the Constitution
to deprive them of that right.
It will be recollected that the Federal Consti-
tution was not established to create new rights,
but to secure and protect existing rights. Hence it
is material to inquire, what were the rights of the
people of the slaveholding States in regard to
their slave property, before and at the time of
the adoption of that Constitution? I shall main-
tain, and undertake to establish, that the title of
my constituents to their slave property is not
based upon any positive law of the State, but that
it rests for its foundation upon the universal law
of nations, which recognized slaves as property,
before, and at the time of the adoption of the
Constitution. That before, and at the time of
the adoption of the Constitution, the citizens of
the State of Georgia—the same being a sovereign,
independent State—had the undoubted right, ac-
cording to the well-established principles of inter-
national law—to take their slave property into
any foreign territory; provided there was no law
in that foreign territory prohibiting its introduction
there, and to have it protected in such foreign
territory—that the law of nations was adopted as
a part of the common law in the original thirteen
States, constituting a part of the law of the land
before and at the time of the adoption of the Fed-
eral Constitution.
It has been asserted here and elsewhere that
slavery exists in the States by force of positive law;
and that whenever the owner takes his slave prop-
erty beyond the territorial limits of such State,
his title to that property ceases to be valid and
operative for the protection of that property. I
controvert this assumed proposition. There is no
statute in the State of Georgia, either colonial or
since the adoption of her State constitution, which
declares that slaves shall be property within the
territorial limits of that State; and, so far as I
know or believe, there is not such a statute in a
single slaveholding State in this Union, consti-
tuting the original basis and foundation of title to
slave property. We have many statutes which
regulate the institution of slavery—statutes which
confer privileges upon the slave—statutes which
regulate the conduct of the master towards his
slave, and which recognize slaves as property—but
no statute declaring that slaves shall be property
within the territorial limits of the State. And
when we come to look into the history of this
thing, it would be remarkable, indeed, if any such
statute had ever existed. Have you any stat-
utes in the non-slaveholding States which declare
that your ships, your merchandise, your looms,
and your spindles shall be property within the
territorial limits of your respective States? I
apprehend not; no more have we any statutes in
the slaveholding States, declaring that slaves shall
be property within the territorial limits thereof.
The truth is, that title to slave property in the
slaveholding States rests upon the same foundation
as title to any other species of property, to wit:
the universal law of nations. Those who assert
that slavery exists in the States by force of posi-
tive law can, if that assertion be true, very easily
settle the question by the production of the de-
clared will of the supreme power of such States,
embodied in the form of a legislative enactment;
Iiroduce the evidence of that positive law in a
egitimate and authentic form, to sustain the truth
of the assertion. Those who assert the affirma-
tive of that proposition,are bound to furnish the
evidence of that positive law enacted by the
States, or yield the point. They content them-
selves with relying on the loose declarations of
judges in the slaveholding States; the mere obiter
dictum of judges, (in cases in which the question
we are discussing was not presented by the record
for their consideration and judgment,) as the evi-
dence of positive law enacted by the supreme
power in tne States declaring; that slaves shall be
property within the territorial limits of the re-
spective States.
The question very naturally presents itself, if
those wno assert that slavery exists in the States
by force of positive law, and that when the owner
of slave property takes it beyond the territorial
limits of his State, his title to that property ceases
and determines, why is it, that they desire to
invoke the power of the Federal Government to
exclude slave property from the Territories?
Such an act would be entirely unnecessary, if the
title of the owner ceases and determines when
he passes with his slave property beyond the
limits of the States, where it is asserted his title
exists by force of positive law. The fact that
you desire to invoke the power of this Govern-
ment to enact a law to exclude slave property
from the common territory, furnishes strong evi-
dence that you have not entire confidence in the
position assumed and asserted, that slavery
exists in the States by force of positive law, and
that the owner loses his title to his slave property
by taking it beyond the limits of such States.
I beg leave to call the attention of the House
to the nistory of the title of my constituents to
their slave property. What I snail say in regard
to that title in Georgia, will be equally applicable
