1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
and that the duties 011 the unbroken packages included m
the above amount, which the owners, under the laws al-
lowing drawback, would, upon the exportation of these
packages, have been entitled 10 receive back from the Gov-
ernment, amounted to about ,$350,000. The Government
is asked to refund so much of the duties as shall, upon due
proof, be shown to have been paid upon the unbroken pack-
ages so destroyed."
Mr. PELTON. Does that bill exclude insur-
ance companies ?
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot tell.
Mr. PELTON. They are excluded from all
the benefits of this bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I suppose, if it is right to pay-
persons whose goods were not insured, for losses
■which they have sustained, it would be right to
pay insurance companies for goods which they
have paid for; for the principle upon which this
bill is based, is that the goods upon which duties
have been paid, and were then destroyed by fire,
have not passed into the consumption of the
country; and if it is right to refund duties to the
original importers, when not insured, it is right
to pay the insurance companies.
Mr. PELTON. If there is to be discussion as
to the merits of this bill, I desire the privilege of
participating in it to a certain extent.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is not in order. The Chair would suggest
to the gentleman from Missouri, that it certainly
is not in order to pursue the lino of remark to
■which he is at present addressing his attention.
A discussion of the merits of the bill is not in
order.
Mr. PHELPS. I have no desire to violate any
rule of the House. I stated to the House that I
desired to read a portion of the report made by
Mr. Fenton at the last Congress, and hoped that
no objection would be made. No objection was
made; and the other comments that 1 made on it
were elicited somewhat by the remarks of the
gentleman from New York.
I have attempted to show, Mr. Speaker, from
the language made use of in this bill, that no other
construction could be given it than that it is an
appropriation, and that it would be the impera-
tive duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
these certificates whenever they may bepresented
at the Treasury Department pursuant to the pro-
visions of the bill. I have attempted to show-
that, in analogous cases, where the word " allow"
or " pay"has been used, the accounting officers
of the Treasury have construed these words to
mean an appropriation, and that money to the
amount of many millions has been drawn from
the Treasury in pursuance of these laws. Now,
if the decision made by the Speaker yesterday
were right, then have these officers violated the
law of the land, and money has been taken from
the Treasury in a manner unauthorized by law,
and these officers ought to be impeached. If I
entertained that opinion, I would be willing to
move an impeachment, and endeavor to hold them
to a rigid accountability; but I believe that these
decisions to which I have referred are correct. I
believe that the money which has been paid under
these acts has been properly paid, and paid in
pursuance of law, and, therefore, there is no
fault to be found with them for this fair discharge
of their proper duties.
It is for the purpose of having a correct decision
on this point that I have been induced to argue
it. I have not investigated this case to the extent
which I desired, for my time has been occupied
this morning in other business of importance.
But the convictions which 1 expressed in the few
remarks which fell from me yesterday, have been
strengthened by the examination which I have
made. I can arrive at no other conclusion than
that the decision of the House yesterday on the
question of order was right and proper, and that
this is an appropriation bill. "\Vhy, sir, do you
suppose that these persons would come here and
ask for a bill of this description to be passed,
looking forward to further or future legislation,
without which the bill would be powerless? I
submit to any jurist on the floor of the House
whether, in the event of the presentation of a cer-
tificate at the Treasury Department, and where
the Secretary of the Treasury refused to pay the
claimant or holder, he could not compel him to
pay the money by mandamus from a court of the
United States. If such can be done—and such I
feel warranted in saying would, in my opinion,
be the action of the judiciary department of this
Government—then this is an appropriation bill,
and the decision made by the House yesterday
was correct, and ought to be maintained.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, I desire the atten-
tion of the House for a brief space only on this
question. I feel no personal interest in the ques-
tion beyond a desire to do right, and I cannot
detect in myself any partiality for the bill which
was disposed of yesterday upon the reversal of
the ruling of the Chair, In fact I desire to put
myself right before the House, by declaring that
I think the bill is now in the right place—it is in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union—I think that is where it ought to be. It
is where I shall vote to put it if the decision of
the House of yesterday shall be reversed, and the
bill thereby be brought before usagain. It ought
to go before that committee , and undergo full and
free discussion, either by virtue of the standing
rules of the House, because it is a bill touching
the appropriation of money, or it ought to be sent
there by a vote of the House, given under the
exercise and influence of the good sense and dis-
cretion of the House.
Now, sir, I think the decision of the Chair
yesterday was correct. The Chair decided that,
under the practice of the House, and by the rules
of the House, this bill did not make an appropri-
ation of the public moneys, and hence the 133d
rule did not require it to be first considered in
the Committee of the Whole House. That, sir,
is my opinion about it; and 1 think the House,
in overruling that decision yesterday, fell into an
error.
I do not say this because I think my opinion
gives any weight to the decision of the Chair,
but for reasons which I wish to render to the
House now.
If the bill appropriates money, so that the Sec-
retary of thel reasury can properly say to a party
holding one of the certificates mentioned m it,
when such party presents it at the Treasury De-
partment, " Sir, this certificate authorizes you to
receive, and me to pay you, the money mentioned hi
it, and appropriates the money out of which I can
pay it, and here it is; I will pay it to you," then the
ruling of the House yesterday was right, and the
ruling of the Speaker was wrong; but if, on the
contrary, when such party presents the certificate,
the Secretary of the Treasury can only properly
say—as I hold it is clearly and plainly his duty
to say, under this bill—"Sir, it is true that, under
the law, you are entitled, in the language of the cer-
tificate, to bepaid, ortoreceive this money, uponpre-
sentation of this certificate within one year from its
date; but Congress has made no appropriation out of
which I am authorized to pay it, and you must there-
fore wait until such appropriation is made;1' if
that be the proper language for the Secretary
when such presentation is made, then the ruling
of the Chair yesterday was clearly right, and the
decision of the House overruling the Chair was,
in my judgment, clearly wrong.
I think the House will agree, sir, that is a fair
statement of the case.
Now, let us see, does this bill make an appro-
priation of money?—for that is the point upon
which the question turns. The words of the bill,
as I took them from the lips of the gentleman
from Missouri as he read them this morning,
which govern and control this point are, that
" the certificate shall entitle the person or persons
named therein, or the legal holder thereof, to be
paid the sum also named therein, 011 presentation
of the said certificate at the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States within a year after its date." It shall
" entitle " him to be paid. If I wished to be
hypercritical, I might pause here, and say that,
in that respect, the language of this bill differs
widely from the language of the acts referred to
by the gentleman on the other side of the House,
[Mr. Phelps.] Thoso acts authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay; while this bill, in-
stead of authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, simply declares that the man holding the
certificate shall be entitled to receive, or to be
paid. This bill, as a gentleman on my right
says, talks to the man holding the certificate,
and ascertains his right, but it confers no au-
thority upon the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
it, however clearly that right is ascertained and
expressed.
But, sir, I do not stop there; nor do I stop now
to consider the Georgia act, to which the gentle-
man from Missouri has refeired; nor do I com-
plain of his argument—I think he has argued the
question very fairly—nor do I now pause to -
inquire, whether the holding of the Department
under the Georgia act was or was not right—
although I have an impression that act was in
some way connected with other legislation, which
has an influence upon this point—any way, that
act is much stronger than this bill; for it author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
settle, and adjust, and allow interest, and to pay.
But no matter for all that, Mr. Speaker, let us
look for a moment at the rationale of this thing;
and I do this more to justify my vote in sustain-
ing the Chair yesterday, than for any other
interest I feel in the matter.
Is it true, sir, that, because any man in the
country is entitled to receive money from this
Government at a given place, as this bill provides, *
that authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay him, and to pay him without an appropri-
ation being made ? It is a monstrous doctrine;
and to me it is an alarming one. Your law, made
in pursuance of the Constitution, declares that
the President shall receive, or be paid, an annual"
salary—who is there in this House that will un-
dertake to maintain to me, that that authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay him, without
an appropriation being first made by law ?
Sir, every man who holds a debt against this
Government is entitled in equity and good faith
to be paid, or to receive payment of it 
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Win the gen-
tleman from New York allow me to interrupt *
him for a moment?
Mr. HAVEN. I would prefer the gentleman
from Maine would wait until I get through, and
he gets the floor himself. I do not know which
side of the question he is on, and he may distract
me. If he will pardon me, and let me keep my
own narrow road for a few moments, I will let
him take the broad turnpike of debate then.
To proceed; Is it true, sir, that when a man
has a debt established against this Government—
when he is authorized to receive money from the
Treasury—that of itself authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay him? Who will stand
godfather to such law, logic, orphilosophy as that ?
Sir, when that is the law, Congress may pack up
and go home—no more laws appropriating money
will l>e wanted, and that is about all we are good
for now.
You and I, sir, agree on this one subject. We
hold that the Secretary of the Treasury can pay,
but can pay only when an appropriation for the
purpose is made, for that is the language of the
Constitution.
What does " appropriation" mean? "Appro-
priate" used in this sense, I suppose, is to set
apart—to consign to some use—to make peculiar—to
separate. Until the amountis set apart, consigned
to this use, made peculiarly for it, separated for
it, or designated by an act of Congress, it is not
appropriated; and when it is so set apart, con-
signed to this use, made peculiar to it, separated
and designated, then, Mr. Speaker, it is appro-
priated. Such is my opinion; such, I submit, is
common sense; and such, if I understand it, is
the power and fair meaning of the English lan-
guage.
The gentleman from Missouri refers to another
act—in regard to paying for horses, I think—
under which, he says, the Department has held
that, whenever the Secretary is authorized to settle
and pay, it needs no appropriation to enable him
to do it. That, sir, may well be, and not in any
way interfere with our argument; although I
think the Secretary would be acting upon very
critical grounds then.
Gentlemen opposed say that, under the pro-
vision in this bill, the Department would pay,
without any specific or general appropriation,
whenever the certificates should be presented.
Sir, what a claim is this to set up as resting within
the authority of the Secretary ? To pay because
it is an ascertained debt only, without any specific
or general appropriation setting apart the money.
Why, sir, this monstrous doctrine places in his
hands alone the entire means and money of this
Government. When he has used all your funds,
and you call him to account under this doctrine,
he has only to say: " Why, 1 have only paid to
those whom the Government owed; who were
entitled to receive it; whose debt is liquidated and
