m4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
fixed in amount. I have onlv paid to the Collins
line; the Vandcrbilt line; the railroads where,
by undisputed contract, the Government was
bound in a fixed sum for carrying the mail, and
the party was entitled to receive or be paid."
Sir, under that justification, the mouths of gen-
tlemen over the way would be sealed upon their
own doctrine, and they could only bow a silent
acquiescence.
The Secretary could set the whole Government
at dcfianee, and pay out the funds from the
Treasury to whomsoever he saw fit; he has only
to decide they are entitled to reccive or be paid :
the funds of the Government, and that would
settle his authority to pay. Sir, 1 repudiate all such
doctrine; and I hold that any Secretary of the
Treasury who should assume to exercise such a
startling power, would be impeachable. No sane
man, it seems to me, with due deference, would
contend for the exercise of so extraordinary a
power on the part of the Secretary. I submit, sir,
in all candor, that the bill contains no appropria-
tion, and confers no such power. True, it creates
a tribunal, and provides the way to ascertain and
certify the debt and fix the liability of the Govern-
ment; but it does not touch an appropriation.
One other illustration occurs to me at this
moment. There are gentlemen here who claim
that the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate, can make treaties binding
upon this Government without any action on the
part of this House. Now, suppose the President
should negotiate a treaty, and the Senate should
-ratify it, for the purchase of Central America,
and should in the treaty agree that on a ccrtain
day the United States would pay, and the Central
American Government should be entitled to be
paid and receive, twenty millions of dollars at the
Treasury of the United States, as a consideration
for the sovereignty and soil, dock-yards, arsenals,
ordnance, navy, and other public property of the
Central American Governments, bearing m mind
that article sixth of the Constitution declares,
that—
"The Constitution, and the laws of the United States
which shah be made in pursuance thoicol", and all treaties
made, or which shall be made, under the aufhoiify of the
United States, shall be the supreme law of the land," &c.
I want gentlemen to tell me if, under those
circumstances, they claim that the Secretary of
the Treasury would be authorized to pay the
$20,000,000 of money out of the Treasury without
asking tins House—Congress—to first appro-
priate it?
Sir, this is a case in point, and one that may
soon arise, if we concede to the Secretary this
enormous power to pay, becausc the C overnment
is liable in a fixed and liquidated amount, to be
paid at a specified time and place.
Not one cent of the money could be paid with-
out an act of appropriation; true, a refusal might
be a cause of war on the part of Central Amer-
ica, if she chose so to consider it; but Congress
would take that fact and the country's honor into
consideration with all other attending circum-
stances, in determining whether she would make
the appropiiation or not.
This act makes no appropriation in my judg-
ment; and if it should become a law, and if the
Secretary of the Treasury should pay the money
without further legislation, appropriation, or au-
thority, and he should be impeached and arraigned
in a tribunal where I was a judge, 1 should have
no hesitation in deciding he was guilty of a high
misdemeanor, and convicting him thereof.
But i do net desire to press this matter further,
or to argue it more. I think the majority of tne
House yesterday, in overruling the Speaker, fell
into an error, probably from their zeal against
the bill upon general principles.
1 differ from many gentlemen on the other side
of the House with great diffidence, fori entertain
e profound respect for their opinions; but upon
this subject my convictions are clear,and of course
X must follow them.
The general principles of the bill and the pro- ■
priety of passing it arc in no way involved in
the question between the Speaker and the ma-
jority of yesterday. I may agree with those
who oppose the bill. Nothing more likely when
we come to consider it. I have no doubt the bill
is now in the right place—in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and when
we have settled the question between the Speaker
and the majority of yesterday, if my views pre-
vail in that settlement, I shall vote to refer it to
the committee in whose charge it now is.
I wilt add, if it is in order, that the bill comes
here underauspicesthat I do not like. ButI sub-
mit it to any man who understands our mother-
tongue, that it does not appropriate money. A
bill which simply authorizes one man to receive
money, does not appropriate another man's or
a government's money to pay it.
The question now being upon the motion to
reconsider,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bing-
ham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw,Brenton, Broom,Bufiinton,
Burlmgaine, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Colfax, Covode, Oragin,
Cumback, Damrcll, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis,
Dean, Denver, Dickson, l)odd, Emrie, Eustis, Henry M.
Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Grow, Harrison, Haven, Her-
bert, Valentine B. Horton, Kelsey, lCennett, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Matteson, McCarty, Morgan, Morrill,
Munay, AndrewOhvei, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike,Porter,
Pnngle, Robhins, Roberts, ltobinson, Sabm, Sapp', Scott,
Seward, Simmons?, Stanton, Tappart, Thoungton, Thurs-
ton, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Walhridgo, Ellihu B. YVash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Wataon, Whitney, Woodruff, and
Woodworth—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Bell, Hondlcy S. Bennett, Bo-
cock, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Burnett, Cadw«alader, John
P. Campbell, Garble, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craigv, Oiawford, Davidson, Edmund-
son, Evans, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Ilarlan, J.
Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hoffman, George W.
Jones, Keitt. Kelly, Kidwell, Loiter, Letchcr, Lmdley,
Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Mc-
(Auccn, Smith Miller, On, Peck, Phelps, Powell, Puryear,
Quitman, Rearie, Ready, Richardson, Ritchie, Rivers,
ltuffln, Sandiage, Savage, Shorter, William R. Smith,
Snood, Spinner, Swope, Talbott, Trippe, Vail, ValK,
Walker, Warner, Wells, Wheeler, Winslovv, Daniel i3.
Wright, John V. Wnght, and Zollicoffer—71.
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question then recurred upon sustaining
the decision of the Chair as the judgment of the
House.
Mr. HA YEN. Will the Chair allow me to
state that some exception has been taken to the
cxpicssion I made use of, that I did not like the
auspiccs under which this bill came before us ? I
beg to say, that T had no reference whatever to
the committee which had chargc of it. I had
reference to some outside combinations which 1
understood had been formed in reference to this
bill.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this subject be postponed until
Monday next.
Several Members dissented.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; if the friends of
the bill desire it—and I do not wish exactly to be
considered among them—1 will withdraw the
motion to postpone.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Is it in order to
say a few words at this stage of the proceedings ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is in order.
Mr. DAVJS. I do not^mean to discuss this
question. I only wish to make one or two obser-
vations upon the point now under consideration.
If I had had any doubt as to what was the law
after my examination of the bill yesterday, the
pointed and practical observations of my friend
from New York [Mr. Haven] would then hu\e
relieved mo of every doubt. The whole strength
of the ease made out by my friend from Missouri
[Mfe Phelps] rests not upon an exposition of
the force of the words themselves, but upon cer-
tain precedents which he has produced more or
less analogous to the language of the bill, but not
identical with it. If the precedents had been pre-
cisely in point, the quesiion would have been
raised, whether the Departments are to take the
law from this House, or this House is to take the
law from the Departments? The quesiion would
have been raised, whether, when there is a doubt
as to whether money has been appropriated, the
accounting officers of the Treasury are to solve
that doubt, or whether this House is to solve it?
If they are to solve it, then the further question
would be raised, whether it shall be solved in
favor of taking money from the Treasury without
its having been appropriated by law, or solved
against the money being taken without express
language of the law?
If, therefore, the precedents cited were fully to
the point—if they wore in the exact language em-
ployed in this bill—if they declared in the exact
phraseology of this bill that the parties shall be
entitled to reccive the money, I beg leave to say
that there is so much doubt about the language
itself, that a due discretion upon the part of the
Department, and a due respect for the high
functions of this House and of Congress, a
proper republican regard for that important power
which is the great control of the people over the
administration of their own affairs, should have
taught that Administration, be it Whig or be it
Democratic—whether it originated forty years ago,
or whether it originated four years ago, to stay
its hands—to report to Congress the ambiguity of
the words, and ask Congress whether they mean,
when that languageis used, that the money is to
be drawn from the public Treasury without any
specific appropriation or not? When a Treasury
circular is issued it fixes an obligation upon the
part of the United States. When the salary of
an officer is fixed, the right of the officer to that
salary is declared, but the money cannot be
drawn from the Treasury without a special ap-
propriation, placing the money in the hands of
the accounting officers for the purpose of paying
it. Are they to solve that doubt contrary to the
mode in which the Supreme Court of the United
States, in the case of Kendall the United States,
supposed it was to be solved ? An act of Con-
gress had been passed directing a certain amount
to be accredited to a party upon the books of the
Treasury. The language was definite, declaring
that the party was entitled to receive the money,
fixing the obligation upon the part of the United
States to pay the money; but the Supreme Court
decided that no appropriation had been made to
pay the money. Further legislation is necessary
to authorize the taking of the money out; and if
the crcdit should happen to exceed any amount
standing against the party on the books of the
Treasury, he must come back to Congress to get
its authority to draw that money from the Treas-
ury.
Where is the money of the United States ? Is it
in the Treasurer's hands ? Is it not in the Treas-
ury of the United States ? And if that be true,
how does it pass from the Treasury of the United
States into the hands of the officers to pay it out?
Not by a declaration that that money is due to
somebody else; notby the confession of the United
States that they owe the money, but by their cre-
nring the officer or the Department the hand of
the United States to take the money out and pay
it. And that is the exact language which has
been corofully avoided in the preparation of this
bill. The very purpose of the phraseology was
to avoid the reference of the bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union—a ref-
erence on other grounds proper in itself, and
which I, so far as my vote is concerned, mean to
insist on, because I regard the bill as one too im-
portant to be passed under the influence of the
previous question called on the report of the bill.
Be thnt hill as equitable as any ever presented to
the House, it shall never have my vote to force
it through the House in any such manner. It
is to discredit what may be a fair claim to en-
deavor to force it on the House without an op-
portunity for discussion, or to read and consider
the bill. But when I am called on to say, from
the force of precedents from the Departments, that
ambiguous language is to be construed in favor
of taking money from the Treasury, and placing
the. whole funds of the Government under the
control of the executive department, then I say
that the question is more important than this or
any other bill. It is greatly above the mere ques-
tion whether, under the rules of this House, the
bill shall take this or that form. It touches the
foundations of the Republic, it touches the reg-
ularity of official proceedings. It touches the con-
trol which this House exerts over the executive
department, and I shall legaid it as a question
of that magnitude, and so vote.
Mr. Speaker, we had before us recently a
deficiency bill which exhibits a degree of care-
lessness m the conduct of the affairs of the Gov-
ernment in pecuniary matters which, in my
judgment, requires to be corrected. I cast no
imputation on anybody on the ground of willful
malfeasance, or willful carelessness; but I say
that there is a laxity in the conduct of the Exec-
utive Departments, running, it may be, through
several Administrations, whien requires to be
