1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
099
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Slavery in the Territories—Mr. Wiirner.
Ha. or Reps.
" in the United States, as in England, the law of nations
Is adopted in its lull extent liy the common law, and is held
to be a part of Me law of tke land."
In Mndrazo vs. Willis, (5th Eng. Com. Law
Rep., 313,) these fundamental principles of in-
ternational law were practically applied to slave
groperty by the court of King's Bench in Great
ritain, in the year 1820. The question arose
upon the following state of facts: A Spanish
subject being engaged in the African slave trade
(Spain not having entered into treaty stipulations
abolishing that trade) had purchased three hun-
dred slaves on the coast of Africa, and had them
on board his vessel on her return voyage, when
she was captured by a British cruiser, and taken
into one of the ports of Great Britain, where the
slaves, by the law of that kingdom, became free*.
The Spaniard brought his action of trover in the
courts of Great Britain against the captain of the
British cruiser to recover the value of his vessel
and stores, and the value of his three hundred
slaves. On the trial before the Lord Chief Jus-
tice, he doubted whether, in a British court, the
plaintiff could maintain his action for the value of
his three hundred slaves, and directed the jury to
find the damages separately; so much for the
vessel and stores, and so much for the three hun-
dred slaves—the latter constituting much the
largest item.
On the question being submitted to a full bench
of judges, they were unanimously of the opinion
that the plaintiff was entitled to recover the full
value of his three hundred slaves, as well as the
value of his vessel, and stores, and awarded
judgment therefor; recognizing the validity of
the Spaniard's title to his slave property, which
was good by the laws of his nation, in a British
court. The slaves were not taken by the Span-
iard into the kingdom of Great Britain, in viola-
tion of her laws, but were seized upon the great
highway of nations, upon the empire of the seas,
upon common ground, where the Spaniard had as
much right to be with his property as the Eng-
lishman; and the principle would have applied
with equal force if the slaves had been seized
upon common territory, the joint property of
Great Britain and Spain. The same principle is
applicable to the common territory of the Union,
which is common ground, being the joint prop-
erty of all the States, where the citizen of Georgia
has as much right to be with his slave property
as the citizen of Ohio has to be there with his
property—neither violating any law of that ter-
ritory by going into it with their property. When
the citizen of an independent State, who has a
title to his property good and valid by the laws
of that State—and I have shown that slaves were
recognized as property by the universal law of
rations, and that the law of nations was a part
of the common law—goes into foreign territory
with that property, violating no law of that ter-
ritory, these great fundamental principles of in-
ternational law go with him; they are above him J
and around him; he inhales them in the very |i
atmosphere which he breathes; they protect his
person and his property; he cannot escape their J1
binding influence unless, indeed, he goes beyond
the pale of civilization, and there the principles
of international law cease to operate.
Mr. SAND1DGE. Allow me to recall to the 1
mind of the gentleman from Georgia a case pre-
cisely in point, to establish that which he is trying
to establish before the committee. It is this: I
noticed it in the newspapers some time last year.
A gentlpman frcyn Brazil went to Prussia, carry- j
ing with him a slave. It was there attempted !
to deprive him of the services of that slave; and ij
the highest tribunal of that country decided—ac- I
cording to the argument of the gentleman from ■I
Georgia—that his owner was entitled to him; that
the matter should be decided according to the laws
of the country ffom which the party came, and
that he should have the right to hold his slave,
and to carry him with him from the country at
his pleasure. The gentleman from Georgia may
have seen a notice of the case.
Mr. WARNER. I do not recollect having seen
it, but I have no doubt that that is the correct prin-
ciple; I have no doubt that it is in consonance
with the universal law of nations—with the great
principles of international law. It existed in this
country, and was a part of the law of the land at
the time the State of Georgia and the other States
entered into the constitutional compact.
I have endeavored to establish the proposition,
that before and at the time of the adoption of the
Constitution the citizens of the independent
State of Georgia had the right, according to the
well-established principles of international law,
(which constituted a part of the law of the land,)
to take their slave property into any foreign ter-
ritory where its introduction was not prohibited,
and to have it protected there. I have endeavored
to show what were the fundamental rights of the
people of that State to their slave property, be-
fore and at the time of the adoption of the Fed-
eral Constitution.
The next question to be considered is, whether
that State has delegated the power in the Consti-
tution to this Government to deprive her of those
fundamental rights ? Has she delegated the power
in the Constitution to this Government to deprive
her of the fundamental right which she had, as an
independent State, to take her slave property into
the common territory of the Union, there being
no law in that territory which would be violated
by doing so? It is contended that this Govern-
ment has that power by the clause which declares
that—
" Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting, the territory or
other property belonging to the United States, and nothing
in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice
any claims of the United States,or of any particularState."
The grant of power in this clause is in regard
to the territory as property. Congress has power
to dispose of it as property, as well as any other
property belonging to the United States; may
make " all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory "considered as property; but who
can believe that it was the intention of the framers
of the Constitution to delegate those great inher-
ent rights of property which I have been discuss-
ing to-day by this clause of the Constitution ?
But suppose we are mistaken in this view of it,
and that it was intended by this clause to delegate
the power to the Federal Government to deprive
the people of the States of .the right to control
their property, then the latter portion of the
clause forbids you to exercise it so as to prejudice
the claim of any particular State, and to exclude
slave property would be not only to prejudice
the claims of one State, but the claims of fifteen
States of this Union; for the common territory
being the joint property of all the States, the
slaveholding States claim an equal right to enjoy
it with thenr property; and if you exercise the
power to exclude them with their property, you
prejudice their claims to thatextent, which you are
forbid to do. The principles of equality are
indelibly stamped on tne face of the Constitution.
There is one clause in the Constitution which de-
clares that—
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all priv-
ileges and immunities of citizens in the several States."
This principle applies with much stronger force
when applied to the common territory, which is
the joint property of all the States. Surely the
citizens of each State ought, upon principle, to be
entitled to the same privileges and immunities in
the common territory of all the States as they
would in the States. No, sir, the framers of the
Constitution never contemplated for one moment
that they had delegated the power in this clause
to Congress to deprive them of those great fun-
damental rights which belonged to them in respect
Xo their property; but, on the contrary, the dele-
gates from 'the southern States refused to enter
into the compact until it was expressly stipulated
that if their slave property should escape and get
into the free States, they should be surrendered
up.
The ordinance of 1787 has sometimes be relied
on as conferring the power on Congress to exclude
slavery from the Territories, but it will be recol-
lected that ordinance was adopted prior to the
formation of the Constitution. That was a com-
pact between sovereign States, having the un-
doubted right to make it, and five free States have
! been formed outof the Northwest Territory ceded
by Virginia, which, but for that generous cession,
would have been slave territory. The rights
secured by the Constitution are wholly indepen-
dent of that ordinance, and hare no necessary
connection with it. Those great fundamental
rights which I have been discussing belonged to
the people of the States before and at the time of
the adoption of the Constitution. They entered
into, and constituted an essential element of their
title to their slave property, part and parcel of it;
and, not having delegated them in the Constitu-
tion, they have them now; and it is by virtue of
those preexisting rights which are solemhly guar-
antied by the Constitution, that my constituents
claim to be entitled to take their slave property
into the common territory, and to have it pro-
tected there. The States are the original source
of power: the Federal Government has no power
except that which has been delegated to it by the
States in the Constitution; and the States have
now, as declared by the Supreme Court of the
United States, in New York vs. Miln, 11 Peters,
p. 138—
" The same undeniable and unlimited jurisdiction over
all persons and things within their territorial limits as any
foreign nation, where that jurisdiction is not surrendered or
restrained by the Constitution of the United States."
But, sir, independent of their legal right, my
constituents have the equitable right to take their
slave property into the common territory of the
Union. That territory is the joint property of all
the States, slaveholding as well as non-slave-
holding. There are but two ways in which prop-
erty can honestly be acquired in this country: the
one is by labor and industry; the other by inher-
itance or bequest. A citizen of Georgia by his
labor and industry acquires capital-money — a
citizen of Ohio by his labor and industry does
the same thing; the citizen of Georgia vests the
proceeds of his labor in slave property, the citi-
zen of Ohio vests his in merchandise, or stock, or
in whatever he may choose to invest. They both
desire to emigrate to the common territory with
the proceeds of their labor; and we will suppose
that this Government shall, by an usurpation of
authority, pass a law excluding slave property
from that common territory. The citizen of Geor-
gia and the citizen of Ohio meet upon the border
of that territory. The citizen of Ohio is told that
he can pass into that common territory with the
proceeds of his labor and industry and enjoy it;
but the citizen of Georgia is told, that he cannot
fo into that common territory and enjoy the
enefit of his labor and industry. " Why," he
inquires, " have not I obtained my property as
honestly and fairly as the citizen of Ohio who
has just gone in; and am I not as much entitled
to enjoy the benefit of that common territory as
he is? "Certainly you are, but your property
is of a different species, and, therefore, you must
keep out. Is that equality, or justice, between
citizens entitled to equal privileges, and equal
rights, under a common Government? Can any
Government that shall pursue such a course of
policy maintain the confidence of the people ?
But, sir, we have been told by those who ad-
vocate this line of policy, that they do not desire
to interfere with slavery in the States where it
exists; and yet it is their intention to prevent the
extension of slavery, by excluding it from the
common territory—to surround the slave States
" with a cordon of free territory, and compel
slavery, like a serpent, to sting itself to death !"
Now it matters but little with me, whether a man
takes my property outright, or restricts me in the
enjoyment of it, so as to render it of but little
or no value to me. It is an interference with
my rights in either case; the interference is one
of degree only. Any restraint upon the use and
enjoyment of my property in as full and ample
manner as I mightotherwise do, but for the restric-
tion, is an interference with it. There is not a
slaveholder in this House or out of it, but who
knows perfectly well that, whenever slavery is
confined within certain specified limits, its future
existence is doomed; it is only a question of time
as to its final destruction. You may take any sin-
gle slaveholding county in the southern States,
in which the great staples of cotton and sugar are
cultivated to any extent, and confine the present
slave population within the limits of that county.
Such is the rapid, natural increase of the slaves,
and the rapid exhaustion of the soil in the cultiva-
tion of those crops, (which add so much to the
commercial wealth of the country,) that in a few
years it would be impossible to support them
