1910
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
from any nther people in the world before—than
■would pay ten times over for the removal of these
obstructions. I hope the Senate will do at least
as w-ell by this bill as they have done, and prop-
erly done, for ray friend from Missouri, who has
just had an appropriation, on his own account, of
over §100,000 added to the Mississippi river bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the Senator from Iowa
"is fairly within the principle. I think his is
exactly the case of my friend from Missouri; and
so far from being astonished at the exorbitance
of his demands, I am amazed at his moderation.
It will take $1,300,000 to do this work; and at
$100,000 a year it will take you thirteen years to
' get all that is necessary to carry out the plan.
Thirteen years is too long; besides there are a
great many difficulties in thirteen years, and I
think you had better take as much as can be
reasonably spent—say half a million at this time:
that would be a fair apportionment!
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am much obliged to
my friend for his proposition. The officer now
ill charge/who is a competent man to judge, says
it will not cost more than one fourth the amount
estimated by Colonel Lee at the time the original
estimates wcfg made, because they have adopted
a new system of removing obstructions by steam,
which will reduce the expenditure a great deal.
I shall be satisfied with $100,000; and f think the
Senate ought to make that appropriation.
_ Mr. BIGGS. It may be that this new inven-
tion by steam may have induced the engineer to
report an estimate lpwer than that named by the
Senator from Iowa. I have before me the last
estimates. I have seen the report of 1855, and
there the estimato is $40,000. I suppose there
has been tin improvement since that, mid instead
of an appropriation of §40,000, it ought to lie less
than $40,000. My friend from Iowa proposes to
increase the bill from #50,000 to $100,000. The
estimate hero is, " For the Rock Island rapids,
$40,000." It is another instance m which there is
an inexplicable confusion in regard to the principle
on which we act. A. little while ago, in relation
to the Mississippi, (and I wish to call attention to
that fact in connection with what was said by the
Senator from Michigan,) we appropriated $1500,000
for the mouth, $900,000 for the Des Moines rap-
ids, and $100,000 originally appropriated and
pa ssed for the improvement of the Mississippi
bftlow tile rapids, and $126,000 for snag-boats,
which whs nn amendment put on the bill on the
motion of the Senator from Missouri. Now,
although the estimate for this Rock Island rapids
is only §10,000, it is proposed by tile Senator
front Iowa to increase n to $100,000.
Mr. JOJMKS, of Iowa. I called on Colonel
Abort some time ago, to know from linn why he
had not asked for as much money as could In1
properly expended, and he told me that the only
reason was, because ho feared it would so load
down the bill that it would be defeated. 1 le said
that he knew it to be necessary, and knew that
Major Floyd thought it necessary, and that the
raonoy could be profitably expended by the Gov-
ernment. I hope $100,000 will be appropriated.
Mr. CLAY. It is possible, perhaps, to ex-
plain the apparent, discrepancy between the
amount in the bill and the estimate of the board.
The amount of $40,000 is an annual appropria-
tion; but the aggregate sum, as 1 hold in my hand,
obtained from the War Department last Saturday,
for these works, is $1,34:1,000, to complete them.
That is the esfunate tor the completion. 1 do
not see any objection, if we are going to complete
them, to giving $100,000 now.' Otherwise, per-
haps next year they will want $150,000 or
#900,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa moves to insert §100,000.
Mr. SEWAIIO. Can the question be divided
on striking out and inserting >
The PKESlDEiN'T pro tempore. Yes, if the
Senator calls for a division.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask that the question be 1
divided. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question will be taken on the motion to strike
out $200,000. i
?n was agreed to. |
1 ne i REblDENT pro tempore. The question ;
now is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa,!
to fill the blank with $100,000; on which the vcas ii
ami nays hare been ordered. 1
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Dodge, Douglas, Geyer, Harlan, Hous-
ton, James, Jones of Iowa, rugn, Sebastian, Toombs,
Trumbull, and Wade—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Biggs, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Cass, Clay,
Collainer, Fessenden, Fish, Foster, Hunter, Mallory, Keid,
Seward, Stuart, Weller, Wright, and Yulee—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on inserting $50,000, as proposed by the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as^n Committee of
the Whole were concurred in. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was read the third time; and, on its passage,
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 21, nays 12; as follows:
YFiAS—Messrs. Allen, BelJ of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Ca*s, Collainer, Dodge, Durkeo, Fessenden,
Fihli, Foster, Geyer, Harlan, James, Jones of Iowa, Pugh,
Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade, and Wright—
NAYS—Messrs. Btggs,Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Butler,
Clay, Houston, Hunter, Iteid, Toombs, Weller, and Yulee—
So the bill was passed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move to amend the
title by striking out " Des Moines and;" so that
it will read: " A bill to continue the improvement
of the Rock river rapids, in the upper Missis-
sippi."
The motion was agreed to.
TEWNaSSEE RIVER.
The bill (S. No. 148) to conti nue the improve-
ment of the Tennessee river was considered as
in Committer of the Whole. As introduced by
Mr. I)CLi., of Tennessee, it proposed to appro-
priate $60,000 for the purpose indicated in its
title. The Committee on Commerce reported an
amendment to strike out $60,000 and insert
$35,000.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I move to increase
the amount to $50,000. The estimate for the
improvement above the Muscle Shoal* alone is
$75,000. I hope there wilt bo no opposition to
increasing the appropriation to $50,000, which is
$25,000 Iras than the amount of the estimate
above the Muscle Shoals. I call for the yeas and
nays if anybody objects.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
1 is on the amendment of the committee.
Air. HELL, of Tennessee. I hope (hat amend-
ment will not be adopted by the Senate. The
estimates are for $75,000 above the Muscle Shoals.
The hill originally was for $60,000, and 1 hope it
will aland for $5(j,000.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 very cheerfully, on the
pari of the committee, gtve*my consent to the
increase.
Mr. HELL, of Tennessee. Then I withdraw
my application for the yeas and nays. I believe
there will be no opposition to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to withdraw a call for the yeas
and nays. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I waive the committer's
amendment, and accept that of the Senator from
Tennessee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The Chair is
undei the impression that the Senator has not
the right to accept the amendment.
Mr. BELL, of*Tennessee. Then the question
is on agreeing to the original amendment of the
committee, which I hope will not be adopted.
Mr. SEWARD. [ suppose I can withdraw
the amendment of the committee ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
cannot withdraw it on the recommendation of
the committee, except by unanimous consent.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that will be ffiven.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there be
no objection, the amendment will be withdrawn.
The Chair hears no objection, and the amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. HUNTER. Do I understand that there
is a withdrawal of the amendment of the com-
mittee?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore By unanimous
conscnt.
Mr. HUNTER. I never heard of unanimous
consent being asked for such a thing before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
heard no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I now move the amendment
of the Senator from Tennessee, to strike out
$60,000," and insert $50,000."
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendment made as in Committee of the Whole
was concurred in. The bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time.
Mr. CLAY. As this river traverses the State
which I have the honor to represent, it is perhaps
proper that I should make some apology for not
voting for it. It is not my purpose to vote for it,
and I might rest entirely on my constitutional
objection to the bill, which is predicated entirely,
as I understand, on facilitating the commerce of
the country. But, there is an additional objec-
tion which I feel bound to urge, though I urge it
with extreme reluctance. It is not an objection,
I will say in advance, which ought to weigh with
the majority of the Senate. If they will deal
equitably and justly and uniformly towards the
Tennessee river, it will be no objection. It will
not have a feather's weight with them; yet it is a
grave objection with me, and may be with the
minority of the Senate, who have voted against
these bills. I cannot conscientiously sit still and
permit this bill to pass when objections pertain
against it which I have preferred against other
bills in favor of other sections. The objection,
1 say, with me is a grave one; but it is a very
inconsiderable one, I dare say, with the majority
of the Senate. It is simply this: that we have
not the approval of the board of engineers of this
estimate; on the contrary, they disapprove of the
estimato and of the plan. They condemn the
plan of the local agent or engineer as bad; they
condemn the system as insufficient to achieve the
objects of the appropriation. This estimate was
made by Colonel Long in 1852, and again by
Colonel McClellan in 1854. lie estimated that
it would take $75,425 to complete this work. I
am warranted in saying, because I have the report
before me, that neither the plan nor the estimate
was approved by the board of engineers; that the
estimate, in their opinion, fell short of effecting'
the desired object. Hence, if I had no constitu
tional objection, on the scorc of expediency alone
I should be bound to vote against this bill; yet,
as I have remarked, I do not think this objectioi
ought to obtain with the Senate.
This is truly, as stated by the Senator from
Tennessee, a great river, navigable for perhaps
eleven hundred ^milus, traversing the entire
breadth of the State of Alabama, and twice tra-
versing the breadth of the State of Tennessee,
and running, in all, through five States of this
Union. Inasmuch as we have voted appropria-
tions hitherto for works for which there has been
even no surveys whatevei, upon the recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Commerce; and inas-
much as we have voted, as 1 said before to-day,
double the amountof estimates heretofore madn;
and inasmuch as we have voted in fa^or of esti-
mates made by local agents, though not approved
by the engineers, and by agents who were cer-
tainly not qualified by their education for any
work of civil engineering, I do not think it should
be any objection whatever for the appropriation
now asked by the Senator from Tennessee with
a majority of the Senate. It is one with me, and
I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
say, in reply to my friend from Alabama, that
this bill, as it now stands, gives the War Depart-
ment the privilege of expending the money on a
plan of their own choosing. It does not trammel
them by any limitation below or above the shoals;
but I should hope that a portion of it would be
expended below the shoals. I merely make these
remarks in reply to his observations as to the
manner in which Colonel McClellan expended
the last appropriation; but this is short of his
estimate by $25,000 for improving the river even
above the shoals. We have not touchcd the
shoals; emd I shall call on the advocates of this
policy, if it is continued, to improve the naviga-
tion by clearing out the shoals, or making them
navigable at all seasons of the year, on the prin-
ciple of reciprocity, justice, and equality; and I
