1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1911
have no doubt they will stand by me in making
the appropriation whenever it is brought forward
in proper form.
The question being taken on the passage of the
bill, resulted—yeas 21, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. AUen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Cass, Collamer, Dodge, Durkee, Fesaendon,
Fish, Fo-ster,Geyer, Harlan, James, Jc.nes of Iowa, Pearce,
Fugh, Sebastian, Seward, Trumbull, Wado, and Wright-—
21.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Butler,
Clay, Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Reid, Toombs, Weller.
andYuiee—13.
So the bill was passed.
HARBOR OF DUBUQUE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 128) making
an appropriation for the improvement of the har-
bor of Dubuque, which proposed to appropriate
$20,000, and the Committee on Commerce re-
ported an amendment to strike out $20,000 and
insert $15,000.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. SEWARD. The fact is, that the esti-
mate is $19,900, and the committee, in scaling,
cut it down $5,000; hut they are not tenacious
about it.
. Mr. CLAY. The estimate furnished me was
$.13,000, according to the board of engineers for
this harbor of Dubuque, and I do not under-
stand where gentlemen derive other estimates.
This is what is furnished me by the War Depart-
ment.
Mr JONES, of Iowa, The estimate was
$19,367 43, and the committee cut it down to
$15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I move to strike out the word
" harbor" wherever it occurs, and insert " land-
ing." This thing of talking about a harbor in
Dubuque is a hoax that cannot deceive anybody
who has eyes to see, and ears-to hear, and under-
standing to appreciate words. Talk about the
harbor of Dubuque two thousand miles, I be-
lieve, above the Gulf! Now, sir, according to
the etymology of the word " harbor," and accord-
ing to the conventional use of the word " har-
bor," it has no application whatever to rivers —
certainly not at that distance from the coast. A
harbor, we were taught in our geographies, and
taught by lexicographers, means a bay or inlet
of the sea, where ships may moor with safety
in case of storm; but now the word is applied to
every landing at any town on any river that will
come forward here to ask for an appropriation
for its improvement. It is a misnomer. It is
not only a misnomei, but it is practically a fraud
upon the intelligence of the people, or an attempt-
ed fraud on them to be talking about such a har-
bor. The harbor of Dubuque ! I might ask,
with equal propriety, an appropriation for the
harbor of Dito's Landing, on the Tennessee river,
in my own county, or the harbor of Gunter's
Landing, in the adjoining county of Marshall. It
is a gross perversion of terms, a gross abuse of
language. Though Shakspeare says,
 " That which we call a rose
By any other name would smell as sweet,"
the Senate knows that an appropriation by the
name of "landing," instead of "harbor," would
not be in good odor, and therefore the applica-
tion of the term " harbor;" but I am not willing
to stultify myself by sitting still and hearing an
appropriation proposed for the harbor of Du-
buque, on the Mississippi river, some two thou-
sand miles above its mouth.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the honorable Sena-
tor's amendment?
Mr. CLAY. To strike out " harbor" and in-
sert "landing," because that is conformable to
truth, and that is no abuse of language.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, kerr berg, the
castle, the hill, is the etymological root of harbor.
It is a place of security, a place of safety. It is,
as all hills generally are, foreign from the sea-
coast. The castle or hill of New burgh, on the
Rhine, is a place of safety, and yet lt^is on the
bank of a river. Newburg, in New Itork, is a
new " lnubor." The harbor at Dubuque is a
place of safety for vessels on the Mississippi river,
and the bill is right in that respect. It is sound
in grammar, and [ think everybody can under-
stand it. 1 do not think it can be misunderstood.
"I was in prison, and ye visited me;" " I was j
a stranger, and ye harbored me:"—such is the ver-;
sion of one of the most touching texts m Wick- ;
liffe's translation of the Bible. J
Mr. BUTLER. We havo heard a good deal \
of the etymology of "haruor:" let mo give ajj
definition. I think harbor, as it has been used ;i
here, and as it is likely to be made a precedent 'j
for the appropriation of money hereafter, is a ;
hiding-place—a place of conccalmuit. Harbor j
is a word under which the Constitution is to be j
stifled. That is the meaning of harbor  J
Mr. BROWN. Harboring negroes? j
Mr. BUTLER. A place where fugitives will ]
have a place. Wherever they get a fugitive !,
negro, they will have a harbor, and apply to
white people to aid the harbor. [Laughter.] Tint:
I did not rise to speak that. I am sorry that the j
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Cass] is not here, j
He has two or three times thought proper to |
expose Mr. Calhoun's views. I want to know ,
whether this is an appropriation to regulate com-!!
merce among the States by an appropriation for ,
a harbor or landing in Dubuque ? Is it an appio- i
priation to regulate commerce between the nations '
of the earth or the States of the Union, or is itan i
appropriation for the local improvement of the 1
landing of Dubuque ? The Senator would vote'
for it, no doubt, if he were here. j
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Mr. President, in |
1845, when Iowa was a Territory, my late col-!
league, Mr. A. C. Dodge, who" was then the j
Delegate from Iowa, obtained an appropriation 1
for the improvement of the harboi. At that
time, the town of Dubuque, (it is now a city,) 1
the islands through which this improvement is !
being made, and the whole Territory, belonged !
to the Government. The Government, as a ■
means of increasing the value of the public lands, j
commenced this improvement. This lnubor is!
made by islands in front of the city of Dubuque, !
or inlets entering between the islands. The ;
sluices were not quite deep enough to enable the j
largest class of steamboats to enter oui harbor. ]
The Government sent its agents there to maki a
survey, and an estimate of the amount ueecRsaiy
to make this improvement. The estimate is now
before me, made in 1845 by Lieutenant Cram, of ,
the United States Army,' a graduate of West,
Point The sloughs through which the steam-1
boats enter to the mainland to the town of Du-
buque, are called the Ferry slough and Alegary
slough. The agent went to make the improve-
ment, and stopped up the Megary slough, the
main entrance to our harbor, and diove down
. piles, and filled it up with earth which he had
j taken from an island through which ho intended
! to dig a canal. Before he completed that canal,
! so as to make a direct entrance to our harbor, the
appropriation gave out; and now I call on the
Government, either to remove this obstruction ^
which was put in our harbor by the Government, j
or complete the improvement. The same reason j
was given for the improvement of the Cape Fear j
river and the Savannah river. These obstiuc- !
tions were put in Dubuque harbor by the Gov- |
crnmcnt of the United S:ates, when it had con- .
trol of the town, and of the land winch sur- '
rounded our harbor. It obstructed the main j
entrance, which was then better than the one j
attempted to be made by the agent, but discon- j
tinued for want of funds. And now the agent j
of the Government of the United States asks for j
$19,367 to complete this improvement. j
I hope this explanation will be satisfactory to j
gentlemen. It is a harbor to protect the steam- ;
boats which navigate the Mississippi river. If as j
good an improvement as this had been in exist- j
ence at St. Louis last spring, when the breaking |
up of the ice took place, or at Cincinnati, does ]
not everybody know that twenty or thirty steam- j
boats, at each of these places, and an immense '
amount of money engaged in commerce, would f
have been saved to the country? The same ewls ,
would have taken place at Dubuque as at those
points, but for this harbor, partially improved as
it is.
As I said before, the people of Dubuque have
paid an unjust tax, exacted from them for
working the lead mines in this very vicinity. I
have myself paid, and my friend from Wisconsin
has paid, almost enough to make this improve-
ment. We paid it in money which ought not to
have been exactcd from us, which the Govern-
ment had no right to exact from us; because, at
the time the Government exacted the tax from
me and my distinguished friend from Wisconsin,
the land itself belonged to the Indians, and the
Government had not extinguished the Indian title.
I want some of that tax now back, in the shape
of this legitimate improvement. I say the Gov-
ernment has obstructed the entrance to my town,
and they must either remove the obstruction
which they put there by driving down piles and
filling up, or complete what they have commenced.
Mr. PUGH. May I ask my friend from Iowa
a question ? Does he desire us to pull up the piles
which have been put there, or go on with the
work ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I prefer to go on with
the work.
Mr. PUGH. I cannot vote to go on with tlie
work; for I agree with my friend from Alabama,
that this appropriation does not come within my
views; but if he asks the Government to remove
these obstructions, which lie says have been
placed there, I shall have no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The bill provides that
the improvement shall be made under the direc-
tion of the Secretary, and I cannot control the
Secretary. It is for him to say whether he will
remove the piles and take up the earth thrown in
by the side of them to sustain them, or complete
the opening already commenced. If the Secre-
tary wishes us to undertake to do it, we will do
it if you go on.
Mr. PUGH. If my friend from Alabama \yill
withdraw his amendment, I will move one to test
the question.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw it temporarily.
Mr. PUGH. I move to strike out the words,
" for continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Dubuque, on the Mississippi river," and in-
sert:
Removing the obstructions to navigation, placed by order
of tiie Government of the United Stales in the Missis-
sippi liver, at and opposite Dubuque, m tin' St.ite of Iowa.
I offer thatamendmentto the bill. If my friend
from Iowa is contented to have it in that way,
I shall vote for it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am satisfied there is no
quorum here; and as it is beyond the usual time
of adjournment, 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being-
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 14; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Biggs, Bigler, Blight, Brodhead, Brown,
Rutier, Clay, Coilamer, Fish, Foster, Houston, James,
Jones of Iowa, Pearce, Reid, Stuart, Thompson of Kea-
tuckv,an<l VVnght—J8.
NAYS—Messrs* Boll of Tennrssee. Dodge, Durkee,
tteypr, Hailan, Hunter, Mallory, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward,
Tiumbull, Weller, Wilson, and Yulee—14.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, August 4, 1856.
The House met ateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daxiel Waldo.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER hud before the House a com-
munication from the Postmaster General, trans-
mitting a communication addressed to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
asking certain appropriations for the service of
that Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
BOUNDARY UNE BETWEEN WASHINGTON"
TERRITORY AND THE -BRITISH POSSES-
SIONS.
The SPEAKER stated the first question in
order to be the motion to reconsider the vote by
which was referred to the Committee ot the
Whole on the state of the Union, the bill of the
House (No. 73) to provide for carrying into effect
the first article of the treaty between the United
States and her Majesty the Ctueen of Great
Britain and Ireland, of the loth day of June, 1856.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I had the floor last
Monday for the purpose of calling up the motion
to rcconsider the vote by which that bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
