7Y7'
tn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
in eomtnon with many of the staunchest and most
experienced Democrats in the House, doubted the
correctness of the policy which controlled that
caucus. . . .
Mr. COBB, (resuming.) I intended, in my
reply to the gentleman from Virginia, to say
nothing more nor less than simply this: to vindi-
cate the policy whic# the Democratic party of
this House, in its caucus, pursued, and to show
tiat it did not deserve the assaults that have been
made'from various quarters upon it. I intended
nothing more. Whether that policy is approved
by the members of this House, by our constitu-
ents, or by the people of the country at largo, is
a question which must be decided hereafter. We
stand before the country upon the programme We
have placed before tl^em in the resolutions adopted
by our party caucus. These are the reasons which
have justified our course. It is for the country
to judge whether we arc right, or whether we are
•wrong; whether it is best for a party to declare
its principles, or withhold them from the public
eye. I am ready to meet that issue and abide
the public judgment upon it.
Mr. WllITNEY. Mr. Cleric, I have but very
few words to say, and will preface my remarks
by stating that I cannot support the resolution of
the-honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Alexander K. Marshall.] That gentleman
has acted with me in the same school of politics;
and he has been candid enough to say, that in pre-
senting his resolution, it was offered upon his own
responsibility. But, sir, the honorable gentleman
went further. He went so f<u* as to make a propo-
sition to the Administration party of this House,
predicating upon that proposition a probability
of an organization of the House by the election
of a Democratic Speaker.
Now, sir, I am prepared to say that no such
proposition as that can ever meet my sanction.
This is not the first time, I regret to say, that
individual members of our American party have,
upon their own responsibility, made tenders to
the Administration.
I deem it proper, sir, just here to define maf
position upon that subjeel, plainly and unequivo-
cally. Mr. Clerk, let me say that I shall be
bound by no caucus; I shall be bound by no
combination to support this Administration in its
present position or in its measures, either by
legislation or by the election of a Speaker of this
House.
I stand here, sir,an American—a representative
of the American sentiment, of the American party
of this country, distinct in all of its elements
from the characteristics of the present Adminis-
tration.
I should falsify my position should I silently
permit a proposition from one of my associates
to go before the world, to the effect that this party
is willing to coalesce with the Democratic party
in the organization of the House, by the choice
of an Administration member as Speaker of the
House.
Sir, I have not that extraordinary respect for
parties which my honorable friend from Georgia
jMr. Cobb] seems to enteitam. If I did not
misunderstand him, he stated that he regarded
the organization and the existence of the Demo-
cratic party—speaking of course for that party
in its present aspect—as of far more importance
than the election of a Speaker of this House.
By this we are given to understand that the exist-
ence of the present Administration party is of supe-
rior, of more absolute importance, in his estima-
tion, than the organization of a coordinate branch
of the Government of the country. Sir, upon
that point I disagree with the honorable gentle-
man. I regard the election of a Speaker of this
House, whatever his shade of politics may be,
as of far less importance in respect to party than
it is in respect to the condition m which the
country is now placed for want of that organiza-
tion. ^he wheels of the Government are stopped
in consequence of the disagreement on the part
of the members of this House in the election of
its Speaker.
I am prepared to vote for any feasible plan for
the organization of the House which shall not
commit me either to this Administration or to
any sectional party whatever, whether that party
emanates from the North or the South. I am
neither a northern man iji politics, nor a southern
man. I am in favor of a national party—one
disposed to stand between the extremes in this
agitating controversy—and, if possible, effect an
organization.
Sir, the country demands an organization on
some terms. 1 feel, for one, that I have held
my position here as a national party man as long
as the country requires me to do it; and I repeat
that, under that impression, I am prepared to vote
for any feasible plan which shall not commit me
either to the Administration, as it now exists, or
to any sectional issue. I desire the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Alexander K.Marshall,]
for whom I entertain the mos^cordial friendship
and respect, to understand, in making the propo-
sition, it must be on his responsibility, and for
those who agree with him, but not for me.
Messrs. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL,
CULLEN, and McMULLIN took the floor,
The Clerk recognized Mr. Marshall.
Several Members. He has already spoken on
the subject.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to call for the pre-
vious question oti my resolution.
The CLERK. The previous question is
moved.
Mr. BOCOCK. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky was not entitled to the floor to speak, he
was not entitled to take the floor from either the
gentleman from Delaware, or my colleague, to
call for the previous question.
The CLERK. The three gentlemen took the
floor at the same time. The Clerk recognized the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Alexander K.
Marshall,] from a previous understanding that
it was his intention to call for the previous ques-
tion on his resolution.
Mr. MARSHALL. I withdraw the call for
the previous question. • When I submitted my
resolution, I stated to the House that it was done
on my own responsibility.
The CLERIC. Debate? is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. If debate is in order, the
gentleman from Delaware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will not embarrass 4he
proceedings of the House. I yield the floor to
the gentleman from Delaware.
Mr. CULLEN. Mr. Clerk, I rise for the pur-
pose of submitting a few remarks on the pending
proposition. When I came here to attend the
present Congress, I knew nothing of the pecu-
liar party divisions of this House. I knew not
how the members stood. I sought information
from all sources from whence it could be ob-
tained. I earnestly desired to cast such a vote
for the Speaker of this House as I believed
would be gratifying to my constituents and satis-
factory to myself, and such a one as ought to be
expected from every man who cherishes national
impulses and an unselfish Iovp of country; such
a vote as is demanded by the importance of the
occasion. It was soon ascertained, after the
meeting in this House, that there were three
parties in it, each differing from the other in es-
sential points of policy. I found by comparison
that the party with which I have hitherto acted
was in the minority; that it was not in our power
to elect a Speaker out of our ranks, and thus
effect an organization. It was understood that
the gentlemen composing what is called the Re-
publican party sought to force a sectional organ-
ization of the House on the country. With my
feelings and principles, I never could consent to
such an arrangement. It was understood, and
openly proclaimed upon this floor, that the Dem-
ocratic party was truly national in its views; that
its members were national and patriotic in their
feelings and "views. That paity presented to the
House and the country a candidate for Speaker,
whom we all knew professed national principles
—a gentleman who deserved well of his country;
one who, in defense of our glorious flag, exposed
himself to the pestilential climate of Mexico; a
man to whom every lover of our country in the
Union must feel indebted. When I ascertained
that these were the facts in the case, I confess
that I was strongly of the inclination to go with
Mr. Richardson's friends, and to support that
gentleman for the speakership; but when I un-
derstood that the caucus which had put him in
nomination had also published a resolution which
could not bo considered other ihan as exceedingly
offensive, if not insulting, to the party to which
I belong, who are alluded to in it, and denounced
by it, I felt that it was impossible for me to join
with the friends of the Democratic candidate, and
thus give sanction to the resolution adopted by
the caucus. That resolution is as follows:
Resolved, That the Democratic members of the House
of Representatives, though in a temporary minority in this
body, deem this a fit occasion to tender to their fellow-cit-
izens of the whole Union their heartfelt congratulations on
the triumph, in the recent elections in several of the noiih-
erii, eastern, and western, as well as southern States, 01
the principles of the Kansas- Nebraska bill, and the doctrines
of civil and religious liberty, which have been so violently
assailed by a secret political oilier known as the Know-
Notlung paity ; and, though in a minority, we hold it to be
our highest duty to pieserve our organization, and con-
tinue our efforts in the maintenance and defense of those
principles, and the constitutional rights of every section
and every class of citizens, against their opponents of every
description, whether the bocalled Rej)u,blicamy Know-
Nothin?,s, or Ftisionhfa; and to this end we look with
confidence to the support and approbation of all good and
true men—friends of the Constitution and the Union—
throughout the countiy.
A few days, Mr. Clerk, made further develop-
ments. What the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Jones,] and the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] said in relation to that
resolution, is within the recollection of every
member. It will also be remembered that the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Walker] made
a proposition; and though he stated that he
spoke for himself alone, but that, in his opinion,
the party with which he acted would join with
the Democratic party in a joint meeting of the
two parties for the purpose of selecting a can-
didate for Speaker—a compromise candidate—
how was the proposition received? The honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Jones]
remarked, in very strong language, that he ana
the Democratic j*>arty would only meet, us as
coming to them renouncing our principles and
confessing our sins. [Cries of "No! no!'5]
Yes, sir; they said that they would never re-
ceive us as other than Democrats coming to
them. We were required to go to them as Dem-
ocrats, renounce our principles, and confess our
sins.
Mr. FLORENCE. Who is the gentleman
from Pennsylvania who made the assertion ?
Mr. CULLEN. It will be remembered, that
upon the presentation of Mr. Orr, the present
Democratic nominee, the same original resolution
was again affirmed by the last caucus, which nom-
inated him. After hearing the remarks to which 1
have called attention, I was firmly convinced that
I could not, as a member of the American party,
ever vote with the Democracy to elevate any man to
the Speaker's chair who had voted for or approved
that offensive and insulting resolution, especially
after hearing the Remarks made by the honorable
gentlemen from Pennsylvania and Georgia, be-
fore referred to. And now, for fear that the
inference may be .drawn from the remarks of my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Alexander K. Mar-
shall] that we are willing to select any candidate
from this Democracy who is, or was, connected
with the passage of their offensive caucus resolu-
tion, or who even approves of it, I enter my
solemn protest against if. I will never be willing
to vote for any member of that party thus con-
nected with that resolution while that resolution
remains unretracted—while this insult stands
against us. Yet I am as anxious for an organiza-
tion of this House as any other gentleman. I
am willing to meet with other gentlemen on fair
terms in a reasonable and honorable compromise.
I am willing to do anything, except the desertion
of my principles, in order that the House may
be organized. [A Member. "What are you
for?] I am willing to enter into a compromise
that will be fair and honorable to all the parties
into which this House is divided; but I will never
agree—and I speak only for myself—to vote for
any member of the Administration party for the
speakership. There are many gentlemen here
who do not act with me, for whom I am willing
to vote; but I can never vote for an Administra-
tion Democrat, with his caucus resolutions a sec-
ond time passed and affirmed staring me in the
face yet in full force and effect.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Clerk, I am gratified
that the gentleman from Kentucky has presented
this resolution, because it will afford me an op-
portunity to place myself right before the House
in reference to a proposition of almost alike char-
acter as that now before us, which was introduced
the other day.
It will be remembered by you, sir} and by the
