1912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
state of the Union, but was obliged to give way
to a privileged motion for the suspension of
the rules and to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I now ask the
unanimous consent of the House to discharge
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from thefurther consideration of this bill;
and I will state very briefly to the House the
character of the bill. It immediately concerns
the peace of the country, as the gentleman from
Washington Territory [Mr. Anderson] well
knows, and ought not to be further delayed. It
will be recollected, that in the year 1846 a treaty
of limits was'concluded between the United States
atod' Great Britain, establishing the boundary line
between the British North American possessions
and the United States. The object of this bill, as
reported, is to carry into effect that treaty, so far
as to locate by survey the boundary line in the
Gulf of Georgia and the straits of Fuca, between
Washington Territory and the British posses-
sions.
Mr. CULLEN, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman yield me the floor for a single moment?
Mr. PENNINGTON. I cannot yield the floor
now. I have made half a dozen efforts to get this
bill before the House, because of its urgent
necessity, and I cannot ^ive way now; my sense
of public duty forbids it. It is now ten years
since this treaty was made, and yet no part of
this line has been surveyed. The boundary line,
as established by the treaty, begins at the Lake
of the Woods, on the forty-ninth parallel of north
lat^ude, and runs thenc£ westward along that
parallel to the middle of the channel which sep-
arates the continent from Vancouver's Island,
and thence southerly through the riiiddle of that
channel, and of Fuca's straits, to the Pacific
ocean. In the Gulf of Georgia, which constitutes
a part of the waters between Vancouver's Island
and the main land, is a group of small islands,
more or less important, known as Lummi, Wal-
dron, Orca's, Shaw's,Blakcly, Cypress, Guemos,
Sidney, San Juan, Lopez, Decatur, Fioalgo, j
Chatham, Discovery, Blunt's, Whitby's, Mc- I
Donough's, and others not named. Upon the
ascertainment of the true line of boundary in
the gulf, or, in other words, " the middle of the
channel which separates the continent from Van-
couver's Island," depends the question of the
title to the islands, and the settlement of such of
them as may be habitable, of which there are sev-
eral of considerable value and importance. There
arc two principal channels in the gulf, one or
the other of which is the true boundary. One of
these is known as the Rosario, and the other
as the Arro strait. If the Rosario strait be the
true channel, the islands of W<ildron, Orca'.s,
Shaw's,San Juan, Lopez, Decatur, and Blakely,
will fall to the British Government; and if the
Arro strait be the true channel, these islands will
fall to the United States. The llosario strait is
claimed as the true channel by the British Gov-
ernment, and the Arro strait by that of the United
States.
The Legislature of Washington Territory,
claiming these islands to be portions of that Ter-
ritory, nave included them within the limits of
some one or more of its counties. In April, 1855,
the sheriff of Whatcom county, in Washington
Territory, seized a lot of sheep in the Island of
San Juan, belonging to the Hudson's Bay Com-
pany, and sold them for the payment of taxes,
levied under the authority of the territorial gov-
ernment. For this act of the sheriff damages are
claimed, estimated at about §3,000; and consid-
erable correspondence has been had between
Governor Douglass, of Vancouver's Island, and
Governor Stevens, ofWashington Territory; and
also between Mr. Cmmpton, the British Minister,
and our Secretary of State, on the rubject of this
claim for damages, and the demarkation of the
boundary. As early as 1848 the attention of our
Government was called, by the British Minister,
to a proposition for the appointment of a joint
commission to run and mark the entire boundary
binder the treaty; but nothing has, as j^et, been
done, either as to this claim for damages, or the
demarkation of the line. Itis impossible that the
present state of things can continue without
danger to the peace of the country; and, in view
. termination of recent difficulties
with Great Britain—& source of congratulation to
the gieat body of the peop's vountnes,
whose interests are so intimately blended, and
whose mutual sympathies are so strong—it cannot
be that any embarrassment will be thrown in the
way of terminating all causes of difference on our
northern boundary. I hope my proposition may
be consented to.
Mr. HOUSTON. What vote is proposed to
be reconsidered ?
The SPEAKER. The vote by which this bill
was referred to the Committee of the Whole_ otT
the state of the Union is the motion pending.
The gentleman from New Jersey, however, now
asks unanimous consent that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union may be dis-
charged from the furtherconsideration of the bill,
and that it may be considered at this time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the bill be read.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that, for the purpose of carrying into effect the
first article of the treaty between the United States
and her Majesty the Q,ueen of the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Ireland of the 15th day of
June, 1846, there shall be appointed by the Pres-
ident of the United States, oy and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate, a commissioner,
and chief astronomer, and surveyor, to unite with
similar officers to be appointed by her Britannic
Majesty's Government.
The second section provides for the appoint-
ment of a secretary to the commissioner, and of
a clerk to the chief astronomer and surveyor.
The third section makes appropriations for sal-
aries and contingent expenses.
The fourth section limits the proceedings of
said commissioner to the demarkation of that
part of the said boundary line which begins at the
intersection of the forty-ninth parallel of north
latitude and the middle of the channel which
separates the continent from Vancouver's Island,
thence southerly through the middle of the said
channel and of Fuca's Straits, to the Pacific
ocean.
The fifth section, for the purpose of aiding in
the demarkation of the said line, authorizes the
President, in his discretion, to direct the employ-
ment of such officers, assistants, and vessels at-
tached to the coast survey of the United States
as he may deem necessary or useful.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume that this bill is
right; but I desire to ask the gentleman from
New Jersey one question. Points are given in
the bill, from which I suppose he can calculate
the length of line required to be surveyed. Will
the gentleman tell me what that length of line is?
Mr. PENNINGTON. The line to be sur-
veyed, as contemplated by the bill, is the water
line from the intersection of the forty-ninth parallel
of north latitude, and the middle of the channel
separating Vancouver's Island from the conti-
nent. The distance I cannot state accurately.
The Delegate from Washington Territory [Mr.
Antdkrson] may be able to state the distance more
satisfactorily than myself. I suppose the distance
may be about two hundred an<t fifty miles, in-
cluding the Gulf of Georgia and the Straits of
Fuca. I will state to the gentleman from Ala-
bama, however, that I shall propose an amend-
ment to the bill, for the purpose of extending its
operation, so as to provide for the demarkation
of the land line between Washington Territory
and the British possessions. This amendment
is rendered necessary in consequence of disputed
claims as to land lying on or near the line, and
winch are deemed valuable from gold deposits.
Mr. ANDERSON. I will make a statement
in regard to this, which I think will show the
necessity of the passage of this bill immediately.
It will be recollected that by the terms of the treaty
of 15th June, 1846, between our Government
and that of Great Britain, the forty-ninth parallel
of north latitude was made the boundary between
the possessions, running westward of the con-
structive center of the Gulf of Georgia; thence
southerly through the middle of said channel,
and of l«uca straits, to the Pacific ocean. The
question that has arisen between the two Gov-
ernments is this: which is the middle of the
channel that separates the continent from Van-
couver's Island. By the construction which the
British Government has put upon it, the main
channel runs westward of a cluster of valuable
islands; and, by the construction which our Gov-
ernment puts upon it, the main channel runs
eostwerd of that cluster of islands. These land1?
are now in possession of both British and Ameri-
can subjects. A collision has occurred between
the jurisdiction of the two Governments on these
islands. The boundary line of the counties of
the Territory of Washington has been run so as
to include these islands. Taxes have been col-
lected from British subjects, and on British prop-
erty on these islands, under protest. This will
show the necessity of having that line definitively
fixed.
Now, as to the question which the gentleman
from Alabama asks. Itis a line to be run on
the water, not on the land. It runs from the cen-
ter of the Gulf of Georgia, where the forty-ninth
parallel intersects it, southerly a distance not ex-
ceeding perhaps one hundred miles, through Fuca
straits to the Pacific ocean. The distance, after
it strikes the straits of Fuca, will not, I suppose,
exceed one hundred miles, perhaps not so much.
But it is to determine what the main channel is,
southerly, from the center of the Gulf of Georgia
to the straits of Fuca.
There being no objection, the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union was dis-
charged from the further consideration of said
bill.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I offer the following
amendments to the bill, which are proposed after
consultation with the State and Interior Depart-
ments, and in accordance with their suggestions;
and I ask the previous question; to wit:
First amendment:
In the first section, after the word "Government," in-
sert the words " and there shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent an assistant astronomer and surveyor."
Second amendment:
In the seventh and eighth lines of the third section,
strike out the words "fifteen hundred," and insert the
words "two thousand;" so as to make the salary of the
secretary $2,000.
Third amendment:
In the third section, after the word "dollars," in tho
tenth line, insert the words " For the salary of the assistant
astronomer and surveyor, .$1,800."
Fourth amendment:
In the thirteenth line of the third section, strike om the
word " eight," and insert the word " sixty," so as to make
11 read : " For provisions, transportation, and contingencies,
$60,000."
Fifth amendment:
In the fourth section, strke out all after the word
" which," and insert as follow*: " From the boundary line
between Washington Territory and the British posses-
sions ; " so as to make it read :
*• The proceedings of the said commission shall be lim-
ited to the demarkation of that pait of the .'•aid line of
boundary, from the boundary line between Washington
Territory and the British possessions."
Mr. HOUSTON. Do I understand these amend-
ments to require the entire line to be run?
Mr. PENNINGTON. No, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. How much of it?
Mr. PENNINGTON. Only so much as divides
Washington Territory from the British posses-
sions. The object of extending the operation of
the bill by the amendment is, as I have already
said, to obviate difficulties which have grown up
out of contests between British subjects and
American citizens, in regard to lands on or near
the line, and especially as to valuable mineral
lands. It is proposed to confine the demarkation
of the line now entirely on the westerly side of the
Rocky Mountains. It is not proposed to extend
it over or to the east of that range. The line to
be run, as contemplated by the bill and amend-
ments, begins at the summit of the Rocky
Mountains, and thence crosses the valleys of the
Columbia river and its branches to the middle of
the channel between Vancouver's Island and the
main land, and thence on the water line to the
Pacific ocean.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the amendments were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time.
Mr. PENNINGTON moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the bill was passed.
Mr. PENNINGTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
tabic; which latter motion was agreed to.
