1856.]
appendix to the congressional globe.
809
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Our Relations with England—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
other, in point of time. One was the settlement
of our difficulties with regard to the Oregon Ter-
ritory, which gave us the undisputed possession
of a large and important extent of country on the
Pacific, destined to become an empire at some
future day. Not satisfied with that, it manifestly
appeared "that the United States were determined
to acquire other territory on the Pacific. That
was the object of our war with Mexico. It was
so understood by all the world. "What did the
declaration mean,and what was it understood to
mean, when we proclaimed that the object of that
war was to obtain " indemnity for the past, and
security for the future?" It was said at the
time, that indemnity for the past meant land. It
could not mean money. It was understood by
the whole country to mean nothing but land. It
was unquestionably so understood by Great
Britain; and it was quite as apparent that, whether
we gained a larger or smaller extent of territory
on the Pacific, we were determined to have a great
naval and commercial station on the shores of
that ocean; and it was quite evident where alone
that could be found.
Great Britain saw this. It was as manifest to
her what our intentions were, and what the inev-
itable result of that war must be, as it was to our-
selves ; and what was the consequence ? At once,
on perceiving that inevitable result, it occurred to
her that we should require a communication, and
the shortest and best communication that could
be found between this great empire on the Atlantic
and this new empire of ours on the Pacific. Her
movement was rapid. She could not help foresee- j
ing that this isthmus would become a very great ,
highway of commerce in the course of no distant
period of time, and her measures were taken with
reference to such a consummation. I do not agree
with the honorable Senator from Delaware, that
she has seen this for so many hundred years. It
does not seem that such a vision could have
dawned upon her until she saw the new lines upon
our map; that we were destined to possess an
empire on the Pacific as well as on the Atlantic;
ana that the way in which the commerce of the
world should move might be pointed out by us,
and laid down by us, across this isthmus, in
consequence of the necessity of having a commu-
nication between the two parts of our empire on
this continent. "What followed? At once she
moves down and takes possession of the port of
San Juan and the river San Juan—a strong and
decided step—on the importance of which could
not but be perceived by every man who reflected
on what the future was to bring forth. It has
been said here that the event referred to was taken
on the day when the treaty with Mexico was
signed. 1 do not know at what time precisely it
was.
Mr. CLAYTON. Six days afterwards.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was very soon after-
wards,but before she could have known anything
of the provisions of that treaty. The Government
of Nicaragua called the attention of our Govern-
ment to the subject speedily, and more than once,
on the very ground of the importance to this
country of preventing a foreign nation from se-
curing the great power that Great Britain would
secure by obtaining possession of a route of com-
munication so exceedingly valuable, and indeed
essential, and which might prove to be the most
practicable route to the Pacific.
Sir, the administration of Mr. Polk, which has
been lauded by the Senator from Michigan for
its assertion of the Monroe doctrine, took no j
notice of these applications. Two were made, I i
believe, by the Government of Nicaragua, at sep-
arate and distinct times. They were passed over
in silence. Mr. Polk's administration neither ,
attempted to negotiate upon the subject, nor to :
prevent the acquisition by Great Britain of the
entire control of that whole territory. I
But when the administration of General Tay- !
lor came into office, the matter presented itself to
that Administration in a very different light, and
his Cabinet came to the conclusion that, by some
means or other, Great Britain must be prevented
from obtaining the control of this important route
of communication. I allude to this, in connec-
tion with what I propose to say in regard to the
treaty of 1850, because I think it bears strongly
on the construction of that treaty. What I wish
to call the attention of the Senate to is this:
When our Government, under the direction of
President Taylor, first became interested in that
question, and determined to prosecute it, it was
not with a view to any proposed canal, but it was
in reference to the general subjcct. The ground
was assumed, substantially, that this Govern-
ment would not see Great firitain obtain perma-
nent control, or any control, of that isthmus. In
proof of this and to show that the canal itself was
rather a secondary object, I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate to a letter which was writ-
ten by Mr. Clayton, then Secretary of State, to
Mr. Bancroft, dated May 2, 1849. In that letter,
which was the first communication to the British
Government on the subject, Mr. Bancroft, then
our Minister, is distinctly assured, and directed
to assure the British Government, substantially,
ihat our Government will not look with compo-
sure on any steps taken by Great Britain to ob-
tain and keep control of the river San Juan de
Nicaragua, or to obstruct its commerce. Not one
word is said of any proposed canal or railroad;
but our remonstrance is based upon the general
principle, that this country has an interest in a
question of such vital importance, which interest
induces and entitles it to interfere, and inquire,
respectfully, of the British Government, what its
intentions are with regard, not only to the river,
but to any and all parts of Central America. I
had marked several passages of this letter, which
I proposed to read, to illustrate what I say in re-
gard to it; but the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware undoubtedly recollects all about it, and he
will bear me out in the assertion that such was
the general principle on which the letter was
founded, and the instructions under it were given.
Let us pass on a little further. In a letter ad-
dressed by Mr. Lawrence to Lord Palmerston,
dated November 8, 1849, you find that he states
two distinct propositions. The first, and most
important is, whether Great Britain designs to
establish herself permanently in Central America?
—that is the great and leading question put by
Mr. Lawrence. The second ana subsidiary one
is, whether Great Britain will unite with this
country in guarantying the neutrality of canal,
railway, or other communication that may be
constructed, " to be open to the world, and com-
mon to all nations?" Therefore it appears that
our Government, at that time, had distinctly in
view the idea of excluding Great Britain from any
permanent possession of that country, or a pos-
session of such a character as would interfere, in
any- way, with what we conceived to be the
necessities arising from our situation.
It is, then, made manifest by these letters to
whith I have alluded, that the design was not the
protection of a canal, but something far beyond
it. This Government had become alarmed by
the seizure of San Juan, and intended to take
measures in season to prevent the disastrous con-
sequences which might result from that seizure.
Under these circumstances the treaty of 1850 was
made.
Now, sir, the honorable Senatorfrom Delaware
will permit me to say, with all respect, that there
are some things about that treaty which I do not
quite understand. The great leading object being
to exclude Great Britain from the acquisition of
any permanent possession, as expressed in the
letter originally written by the honorable Senator
from Delaware, and also as expressed in a letter
from Mr. Lawrence to Lord Palmerston, the
question arises, why was not that idea distinctly
expressed in the treaty as the great object to be
attained, or as one of its objects? If Senators
will look at the preamble to the treaty they will
see that it expresses but a single idea, and that is,
the construction of a canal between the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans, by way of the river San Juan
de Nicaragua. I believe we are entitled to look
at the preamble of a treaty, where there is a pre-
amble which professes to state its object, with a
view to discover all its object, all its design. Not
only is there nothing said in the preamble to this
treaty about the great purpose for which I sup-
pose it to have been framed, but there is not a
single article in it which alludes to any other pur-
pose than that statqjl in the preamble. It is con-
fined entirely to details with regard to that specific
canal over the particular route designated, or to.
what other canals might be constructed after-
wards, which are, I believe, provided for in a
subsequent article, in different parts of Central
America.
This convention appears to me, therefore, to be
somewhat curious in its terms. 1 have looked in
vain to discover in it what was manifestly its
great object. Such an omission can only be ac-
counted for by supposing that the leading design
and purpose were perfectly well understood by tne
negotiators, and were supposed to be distinctlyex-
pressed in the first section, which did not profess
to state the object of the treaty, but does express,
in clear terms, the agreement of the parties. Then
the question is, why was that agreement so stated
as would seem to render the withdrawal of Great
Britain from Central America a mere consequence
of the guarantied neutrality of the canal, and not
made a distinct article by itself? Why, sir, you
have all that is necessary for the protection of the
canal, without the pregnant words upon which so
much comment has teen made. Permit me, by
way of illustration, to read a few words. The
first article says:
" The Governments of the United States and Great Britain
hereby declare, that neither the one nor the other will ever
obtain or maintain I'or itself any exclusive control over the
said ship canal; agreeing that neither will ever erect or
maintain any fortifications commanding the same, or in the
vicinity thereof."
Then comes the language which has been so
much commented upon:
"Or occupy, or fortify, or colonize, or assume, or exer-
cise any dominion over Nicaragua, Costa Rica, the Mos-
quito Coast, or any part of Central America."
If the canal was the only thing which was in
consideration, and the only thing to be affected,
why not stop at the word " thereof," " agreeing
that neither will ever erect or maintain any fort-
ifications commanding the same, or in the vicinity
thereof." This is all that was necessary for that
objectfand when the other words are found added,
it is manifest that they were intended to mean
something. It is not for me to say or to assume
what the reasons were—if there were any—which
led to what I consider to be so singular an omis-
sion. If the object was to exclude Great Britain
from Central America entirely, (and that such
was the object must be perfectly evident to every-
body who reads the communications between the
two Governments, and the demands made by this
Government on Great Britain,) why was it not
expressly stated ? It may be that for some reason
or other it was supposed that it would be less
offensive to British pride not to put that arrange-
ment in so many words. If that were given as a
reason, I beg leave to say it was trusting too much
to the.well-known character of British diplomacy,
to leave a matter so important without specifi-
cally expressing so important a purpose, and
trusting it only as an inference necessarily to be
drawn from what is said, apparently connected
i with another and a distinct purpose.
| Notwithstanding all this, sir, the treaty i« defi-
nite in its terms—sufficiently definite to enable us
to form a corre-ct opinion as to what was meant
by it. Neither party is to occupy, fortify, colo-
nize, or assume or exercise any dominion over
certain portions, of the American continent therein
specified. There is no reservation; there is no
exception; the language is clear and definite.
Whatever the object might be, whatever the intent
might be, it is enough that there is a specific pro-
vision, from which there is no escape, and wnich
will submit to no evasion.
But, sir, Great Britain assumes to put a dif-
ferent construction on the treaty. She says, in
the first place, that this language had no reference
to what then existed. The idea is so absurd that
it hardly admits of argument. It'is sufficient to
reply, in the language of Mr. Buchanan, that if it
did not refer to what she then had in possession,
why did she attempt to make any exception after-
wards ? In order to understand it fully, and that
there may be no mistake about it, Senators have
only to put in words this idea of the British Gov-
ernment, and add to the first article a proviso that
the terms thereof are not to apply at all to the
Mosquito coast, or the territory between the
Sibun and the Sarstoon, or the Bay Islands, and,
see whether the treaty would be tne same thing
that it is now. I think, sir, it would be an
ceedingly different jM#ttgr.
