18,56.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1639
branches of Congress and signed by the Presi-
But, Mr. Speaker, it is somewhat remarkable
that the gentlemen who are thus endeavoring to
press a bill through tlie Blouse that is to cieate
obligations on the part of the United States, should
take the ground that they are protecting the
Treasury by this construction of the meaning of
the bill. What is meant by an appropriation?
Cannot you direct the officers of the Treasury
Department to pay money upon an ascertained
claim, upon proof being made? Again, sir, the
word "appropriate " implies that there is certain
money in the Treasury belonging to individuals,
and to appropriate is to give to whom it belongs.
The bill provides, that when the amount of a
claim is ascertained, the party shall go to the
Treasury, and there present his certificate, and
demand payment; and not only that, but that the
amount named in the certificate shall be said.
Congress could not provide in more specific terms
that "it shall be paid. With these views of the
subject, however reluctant I may feel to differ
from the presiding officer, I feel constrained to
vote against the decision of the Chair.
Mr. GALLOWAY obtained the floor, and
demanded the previous question.
And then, on motion of Mr. COBB, of Georgia,
(at half past three o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned until Monday next, at twelve o'clock,
m.     
IN SENATE.
Monday, -Iprll 28, 185G.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented additional papers in
support of the memorial of Hiram Paulding, a
captain in the Navy, praying for remuneration
for expenses incurred in entertaining the heads
of Governments, while commanding the United
States frigate St. Lawience; which, with the
papers already on file relating to the case, were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.^
Ho also presented a petition of citizens of the
Territory of Kansas, praying for an extension of
the time of payment for lands purchased by them
of the Government in that Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of Sally
T. Mathews, widow of William P. Mathews,
deceased, praying for compensation for the ser-
vices of her late husband as a clerk in the Treas-
ury Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee oil Claims. .
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Wil-
liam S. Bliss, praying for compensation for ser-
vices in raising and subsisting volunteers for the
Mexican war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of Mat-
thew Hines, praying for payment for a lot of
ground in Franklin square, in the city of Wash-
ington, which square was purchased by the Gov-
ernment for a public reservation; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of
Laurent Millaudon, praying for the confirmation
of his title to certain lands in the State of Ala-
bama; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN Ajfa) REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, it. was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Enoch Baldwin,
on the files of tlie Senate, be referred to the Court of Claims.
On motion of Mr. CASS, it was
0-,-dercd) That the memorial of John B. Walbaeh, on the
file?? of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Military
AUairs.
Oil motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Foiiot A. Whitney, on tlie
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That the hens of Moses Elmer have leave to
withdraw then' petition and papers.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Upon a former day,
Mr. President, leave was given to withdraw the
papers accompanying the petition ot Miss knza-
beth Montgomery, presenting a claim to the
Congress of the United States, that they might
be referred to the Court of Claims. On a further
examination of the papers by those who have
this claim in charge, it is found that it is not a
proper subject for the Court of Claims, but is
appropriate for the consideration of this body. I
am now asked to move to withdraw the papers
from the Court of Claims, in order that they may
be referred in this body. I make a motion to that
effect.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky, which will
be put in the form of a resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and it was there-
fore—
Resolved, That, the Court of Claims be requested to return
to the Senate the petition and papers relating to the claim
of Elizabeth Montgomery, heir of Captain Hugh Mont-
"omciy, an oltieei m tile Revolutionary war, referred to
that court by the Senate on the 10th of Febiuary, 1856.
POST ROADS IN IOWA.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be msti acted to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a mail route from Uoekville, by Cascade, to Can-
ton, and also ii out Rockviiie, by Colony, to Elkader, Iowa.
DIPLOMATIC COSTUME.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following rosolu-
lution; which lies over under the rules:
Resolved, That the President of the United States l)e
requested to communicate to the Senate (if not prejudicial
to the public interest) eopiea of the correspondence had since
Match 4, 1K3, between the Department of State, and our
inmwteis and oilier diplomatic agents in l'oiei<!n countries,
m lelation to the oilieial costumes of such ministers and
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIIODIIEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
John Hastings, submitted a report, accompanied j
by a bill (S. No 269) for the relief of John Hast-1
ings, collector of the port of Petersburg; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the pe-
titioii of Hannibal Faulk and Eliza S. Oolli6ij
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
270) for the relief of Hannibal Faulk and Eliza
S. Collier, (formerly widow Scriber,) and the
heirs and legal representatives of Benjamin Scri-
ber, deceased; which was read, and passed to a ■
second reading. The report was ordered to be ]
printed. . !
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mill- j
tary Affairs, to whom was referred a resolution j
of the Legislature of California, reported a bill
(S. No. 271) authorizing the issue of an addi-
tional number of stand of arms for the use ot the j
State of California; which was read a first time,
and passed to a second reading.
COLUMBIA LIBRARY.
Mr. BROWN. The Committee on the District
of Columbia, to whom was referred^ the^ bill (S.
No 265) to incorporate the Columbia Library ot
Cariitol hill, m the city of Washington, have di-
rected me to report it back without amendment.
This institution is the work of a very public-
spirited lady in the city of Washington, and 1
make an appeal to the gallantry of the Senate to
allow the bill to be passed now;. It is simply an
act of incorporation in the ordinary form. ,
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded j
to consider the bill as in Committee of the Whole. \
The PRESIDENT. The bill will' be road, if
desired.
Mr. BROWN. It is hardly worth while to
read it. It is only an act of incorporation, with
all the necessary guards.
There being no objection, the reading ot the
bill was dispensed with.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed lor a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed. j!
DEFICIENCY BILL. I
Mr HUNTER. The Committee on Finance,
to'whom were referred the amendments of the ;
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. C8) to supply deft- ■
ciencies in the appropriations tor the service ot ;
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, XooG,  
amended and disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives, have directed me to xeport them back,
and recommend that the Senate insist on thejr
amendments disagreed to by the House, and dis,-
agree to the amendments of the Houpe to the
amendments of the Senate, and ask for a confer;-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two .Houses.
Mr. PUGH. I should like to have the amend7
ments read separately. _ The House has agreed
to a great many appropriations. I think the Sen-
ate ought to recede from some of their amend-
ments, and I hope they will do so.
Mr. HUNTER. I will simply state to tho
Senator from Ohio that it has been usual, where
there are a great many amendments on which the
two Houses disagree, to appoint committees of
conference, and allow them to settle the matter;
and when they make a report the Senator can, if
he desires, have the question taken on each item.
Mr. PUGH. Then I waive my request.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 was too fast. The report
of a committee of conference is an entirety; you
cannot divide it. _ It has been usual, however, to
refer these questions of difference to a committee
of conference to be settled, because it would take
a great deal of time, and would be very difficult
to decide on each of .these items separately by the
Senate. The usual course is that which I pro-
pose.
Mr. PUGH. Do I understand the Senator
from Virginia to say that, when the report of a
committee of conference is made, the Question
must be on the report of the committee as an en-
tire proposition ?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. Then I must insist on my ob-
jection at this stage.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Ohio dusire to have the amendments read ?
Mr. PUGH. I move, if it be in order, that
tho Senate recede from the amendment making an
appropriation for the Washington water-works.
The PRESIDENT. It is competent to divido
the question, and have a separate vote on each
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Of course, the Senator may
ask for a separate vote on that amendment if ho
chooses.
Mr. PUGH. I should not have objected at
this stage to the course proposed by the Senator
from Virginia, but for a fact whioh I will state.
Since the water-works appropriation was before
the Senate, 1 have been made acquainted with a
very serious question which will arise out of this
business. It is supposed that the United States
have acquired title from the State of Maryland
to the lands used for this work, in virtue of the
WJ VtUWVA f-'X   7 —
proceedings of the Legislature of that State; out
I have yet to see the authority of the United
States to acquire real estate or any other property
by that course of proceeding. The Constitution
requires us to purchase itof the individual owners.
Instead of that, we have appropriated it contrary
to their will, and they are threatening now to en-
join the officers of the United States the moment
an attempt is made to carry the work through
private property. We ought not to appropriate
so much money until we know whether we have
tlie title. T i v
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to that, I believe
we are acting under the authority of the State of
Maryland, which has granted the right of way
If it has interfered improperly with individual
rights, tho courts are open to those who think
thev suffer, and will doubtless do them justice.
The PRESIDENT. The amen dmein referred
to by the Senator from Ohio, in which the House
non-concurred, is the twenty-sixth amendment ot
the Senate:
For continuing the work on tlie Washington aqueduct,
$300,000.
The House has refused to concur m this amend-
ment, and the Senator from Ohio moves that the
Senate recede. Tiiat is the question now before
the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. Of course the courts are open to
these parties; but why do we appropriate this
amount of money in view ot litigution, and ap-
propriate it, too, in a deficiency bill? I state
! a am, that I have not been able to find any au-
i thorny for the United States to take title in virtue
! of proceedings condemning the property under
an act of the State of Maryland- fee Cons i-
| tution is express that we may hold title Dy
