1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House, that on the day that the distinguished
•gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] with-
drew his name as a candidate, tfre distinguished
and honorable gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Rust] submitted a proposition similar to this. I
voted against laying that proposition upon the
table for reasons which 1 will not now occupy
my time to assign to the House*, but on the next
day, when the proposition was again presented,
I voted to lay it on the table. I seem, therefore,
to have placed myself in an inconsistent attitude.
I voted " no" in the first instance, as an act of
courtesy to the distinguished and respectable
gentleman who offered the resolution; but I was
opposed to the resolution then upon principle, and
I am opposed to it to-day. ^
Howevermuch, Mr. Clerk, I may condemn—as
undoubtedly I do condemn, and as it seems to
me every gentleman should condemn—the con-
duct of Mr. Banks in holding on to his position
as a candidate with unprecedented pertinacity,
yet, sir, it was not my province then, nor i4 it
my province or my purpose,now, to condemn
that gentleman's course by a formal vote. My
rule, sir, has been all my life never to take coun-
sel'from toy enemies. Mr. Banks has a right to
look upon the Democratic party as his political
enemies. We are such. I declare myself one
of them; and I do not believe that it is in accord-
ance with that courtesy that should characterize
the conduct of gentlemen here, for this side of the
House to attempt to dictate to the other side of
the House. That was the ground upon which I
placed my action in voting to lay that resolution
upon the table. I sought an opportunity to ex-
plain that vote at the time the question was taken,
but we were acting then under that nefarious gag
law, and I was prevented from doing so.
Mr. Clerk, I regret exceedingly that I was not
in the House this morning to hear the speech of
my distinguished and learned colleague from the
Norfolk district, [Mr. Millson,] who, 1 under-
stand, has read to this House a lecture attacking
the Democracy of the country. Sir, if I mistake
not, that gentleman is here by means of party
organization and the caucus system. Does not
my honorable colleague know that Virginia, ever
since she had a political existence, has recognized
this party organization of caucuses and conven-
tions? 1 was mortified and distressed to hear that
my colleague had taken the position which he
has taken this morning. I am sorry that I did
not-hear his remarks; but theywill probably be
published to-morrow, and if necessary I shall
reply to them.
Mr. MILLSON. You had better wait, and not
reply to me until you know something of what X
said.
Mr. McMULLIN. I think I have heard enough
about them to justify me in condemning the gen-
tleman's course. But, Mr. Clerk, have not the
three parties here indulged in caucuses ? Have
not the Republican party, as they call themselves,
held caucuses time and again? The Democratic
party has done so also. Ay, sir, and the National
American party, as they style themselves, have
held their caucuses, too.
And just here, sir, I desire to ask my highly
respected friend from Kentucky [Mr. Alexander
K. Marshall] a question. I want to know by
what authority it was that the gentleman stated
to the House, as I understood him, that he was
authorized to propose that his party should select
a candidate from our ranks, and that we should
select one from theirs, and see if some compro-
mise could not he effected ?
Mr. ALEXANDER K. MARSHALL. Mr.
Clerk, when I offered a resolution this morning,
he effect of which would be to extricate this
House, and free it from all party control, and
from the influence which caucus nominations
have exerted .on the action of members of this
' body, I think I could have introduced such a
proposition with a very ill grace if I had come
before the House, trammeled myself by the ac-
tion of a party. I stated emphatically that I
introduced the resolution without consultation
with those who have been acting with me upon
this floor. I took the initiative for freedom as a
freeman.
In response to the question propounded to me
by my friend from Virginia, I take occasion to
say that I did not say that my party were ready
to select a candidate from the ranks of the Dem-
ocratic party, and then that they should-"Select
one from ours, and that we would bring up a
contest between those two. Not at all—not at
all. I stated this: that without the sanction,
without tile authority, without the knowledge of
any member of my party—or, at any rate, with-
out such knowledge as members of that party—I
ventured to say-, that if this proposition should
be adopted I would make a proposition upon my
own responsibility, free from the action of any
caucus, that I would myself present an indi-
vidual—a member of the Democratic organiza-
tion, a member who had acted with them, so far
as the election of Speaker goes, with fidelity
throughout—and I gave it as my opiniofi, from
what I believed to be the deep anxiety felt by a
large majority of the members witli whom I am
acting to effect an organization upon any fair,
any reasonable, any honest, any honorable
ground, that wo would try to elect the member
whose name I should thus present. I said, more-
over—and of that I am sure—that a large major-
ity, and I now venture to say that all the mem-
bers of the party who act with me will, if the
proposition should be rejected which I will offer
if this resolution passes, allow our Democratic
friends to nominate one of our number without
consultation with us, and that then we would
elect him.
Mr. McMULLIN. I really cannot yield more
of my time.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman has asked
me a question; for God's sake let me answer it.
[Laughter.] I do not know anything about party
concealments. I have been raised to think and
speak the plain and simple truth; and although I
may transgress parliamentary usage and par-
liamentary rule by pursuing that course, here, I
shall have to be much longer a member of this
House before I disguise any sentiments I enter-
tain. I state, then, to the gentleman, that the
object I have in view is to place the responsibility
of this want of organization upon those upon
whom that responsibility does and ought to rest.
Mr. McMULLIN. I must interrupt the gen-
tleman, as he is consuming too much of my time.
I desire, Mr. Clerk, that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and gentlemen upon both sides of the
House, should 
Here the hammer fell.
Th'e CLERK. The gentleman's time has ex-
pired.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not desire to make a
speech; but as my colleague [Mr. McMullin]
seems to have lost much of his time, I desire to
give him an opportunity to say something in reply
to the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall;] and I yield the floor to him for that pur-
pose.
The CLERK. If there is no objection, the
gentleman from "Virginia will proceed. [There
was no objection.] The Clerk would announce
to the gentleman from Virginia that his time is
extended ten minutes more.
Mr. McMULLIN. I return my thanks, Mr.
Clerk, to my colleague, and also to the House,
for the courtesy they have extended to me. I beg
leave to state to the House that, m my judgment,
neither party here is, or ought to be, condemned
for associating themselves together in the char-
acter of a caucus. Such has been the policy, as
I remarked before, of the political parties of Vir-
ginia, and of all political parties, to a time going
back beyond my recollection. I desire to put this
state of the case to the gentleman from Kentucky,
and to the Democrats of the House. The fact
has never been ascertained, to my satisfaction,
that by a combination of the friends of Mr. Ful-
ler—at any rate since that gentleman made
known to tliis House his views in reference to the
policy of this Government in regard to the ques-
tion here in issue—including the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Alexander K. Marshall] and
those with whom he acts, with the friends of Mr.
Richardson, we should ever have been able, from
that time to this, to effect an election. I know,
sir, that adroit politicians upon that side of the
House have endeavored to figure out such a result
as possible; but they have failed to do it. Sir,
let the gentleman from Kentucky, let any gentle-
man here, show by figures that at any time hereto-
fore the combined votes of the friends of Messrs.
Fuller, Richardson, and Orr, would have se-
cured an election; and then, and then only, will
it be time for gentlemen to propose a fusion, a
coalition, a combination, if you choose, and to
attempt to throw the responsibility of a failure
of organization upon the Democratic side of. the
House.
The fact has been demonstrated that the friend^
of Mr. Banks—the Republican portion of- the
House—could have effected an election if they'
would have accepted the name of that patriotic^
independent, chivalrous son of Ohio, Mr. Camp-
bell- [Laughter.] I am not, sir, his eulogist,
but I am here to do justice to that gentleman; and
I say, sir, if the friends of Mr .-Banks had voted
for Mr. Campbell, at the time his name was last
before the House, they could have made an elec-
tion. But, sir, I deny the assertion that the-
Democratic party ever had the power to elect a
Speaker, notwithstanding the foul, false, and
slanderous charge made the other day by a mem-
ber on the other side of the House. I say, the
time has not been when we could have effected
an election. I am as anxious to see this House
| organized as any man in the House can lie, as
my conduct heretofore has shown. I have not
only voted for Mr. Richardson and Mr. Orr,
but I have broken loose from my party organiza-
tion. It will be recollected that when the name
of my colleague [Mi;. Smith, of Virginia] was
presented by another colleague of mine—and I
confess that upon that occasion I did not like the
movement, for I think my colleague acted hastily
and prematurely in presenting the name—I sav
when my colleague's name was presented, though
he was not in the House, and therefore I had no -
opportunity to interrogate him, I cast my vote
for that gentleman. That being the case, I can-
not be charged here with having the collar of
party around my neck. I repeat, I am anxious
to see the House organized; and when gentlemen.
attempt to* fasten the responsibility of non-organ-
ization upon this side of the House, they do so
without evidence to warrant the charge.
I was a little amused at the exhibition of patri-
otism made by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Whitney]—and, sir, the gentleman from
Delaware [Mr. Cullen] was disposed to follow
his example—in his manifestation of a desire to
see this House organized. And organized how?
Why, sir, the gentleman from New York seems
to have been struck with a holy horror at an or-
ganization, if that organization is to be in accord-
ance with the views of the Administration. Yes, '
sir, he is national in his feelings, not sectional.
He does not, he says, belong to a sectional party.
He tells the House that under no state of circum-
stances can he vote to favor, in the remotest de-
gree, this Administration. The gentleman from
Delaware [Mr. Cullen] follows suit, and says
an organization ought to be effected; and effected
how? Not by electing a Democrat, and thereby
favoring this Administration.
Then, sir, the gentleman's proposition amounts
to this: The Democratic party is to be defeated;
the Republican party is to be defeated; and the
great American party, so anxious to compromise,
so full of patriotism here to-day—as exhibited
through the gentlemen from New York and Del-
aware—are to effect an organization. Both of
the great parties are to surrender their candidates,
and take a good national man.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to coll the atten-
tion of the House and the country to the extraor-
dinary proposition of compromise proposed by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Alexander.
K. Marshall.] He assures the House that
there is a means by which the national men can
effect an organization over the Republicans. He
says-that his party will select a Democrat, and
vote with us; and, if we fail to elect, then we
shall select an American, and vote for him, and
the election is certain.
It is remarkable, however, in this connection,
that, following immediately on the heels of the
declaration made by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Whitney] and the gentleman from Delaware,
[Mr. Cullen,] both members of his party, have
told us that there is not a Democrat on this floor
for whom theywill vote: not an Administration
man will they support. They make a clean
sweep of all those who have voted forme, and
who are now voting for my friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr;] and yet they ask us to
come and vote with them for one of their men,
