1914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 4,
Packer, had paired off for to-day with Mr. De
wftt.
Mr. RUFF'IN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Cr.iige, iiad paired off with Mr. Scott on all
questions exceptgrants of public land forrailroad
purposes, al)d that on that question he had paired
off with Mr. Maxwell.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the further consideration of a bill (S. No.
117) to amend an act entitled "An act to establish
a court for the investigation of claims against the
United States," approved February 24,1855, and
that it be put upon its passage.
Objection was made.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to submit the motion.
Tne bill, among other things, provides that
any two of the judges of said court shall consti-
tute a quorum for the transaction of business;
that the court may appoint commissioners to take
testimony; that an assistant solicitor may be
appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate; that the soli-
citor may employ a deputy; and that the clerk of
the court shall be the disbursing officer, under
the direction of the court, of the contingent fund
which may hereafter be appropriated from time
to time for the use of said court. The bill also
fixes the salary of various officers of the court.
The question was put upon Mr. Giddings's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the ruies were suspended.
The question recurring upon ordering the bill
to be read a third time,
Mr. GIDDINGS called the previous question.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to offer an
amendment to the bill. I do not desire to make
any remarks, as the amendment will speak for
itself. I wish a vote of the House upon it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will hear the amendment
read.
The amendment was read, and is as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
That the act to establish a court for the investigation of
claims against the United States, approved February 24,
185.1, be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I cannot consent to have
the amendment received, and therefore I insist
upon my call for the previous question.
Mr. WALKER. I ask the gentle man from
Ohio to withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion, that I may offer an amendment to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Arkansas.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I cannot.
Mr. WALKER. I state my purpose to be
this: I think the only defect in the organic Jaw
of that court was of this character—that instead
of taking this business from the two Houses of
Congress 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WALKER. My object is to propose an
amendment providing that the decisions of this j
court shall be final, save and except that an ap-
peal may be taken to the Supreme Court of the
United States, so as to give this court the char-
acter of a court in fact.
Mr. GIDDINGS. T insist upon my call for
the previous question.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether, in the event of the defeat of the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Arkansas, it
is competent to offer the amendment I have indi-
cated ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Arkansas was not admitted. The
gentleman from Ohio had the floor, and yielded
it only that the amendment "might be read for in-
formation.
AXi. WALKER. I hope the House will vote
down the previous question.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand that the
gentleman from Ohio had permitted my amend-
ment to be introduced that it might be voted upon.
1 he SPEAKER. It was only allowed to be
read for information. ]
The previous question was then seconded, and i
the maiu question ordered to be put. 1
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to lay the bill
upon the table; and upon that motion i demand '
the yeas and nays. i
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SNEED. Before the vote is taken, I desire
to know whether, if the hill should he not laid
upon the table, it would be in order to move to
strike out certain portions of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It would not, as the previ-
ous question has been ordered.
The question was then put upon Mr. Green-
wood's motion; and it was decided in the nega-
tive.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I" call the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. H. MARSHALL demanded the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 66; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Ball, Barbour, Bell,
Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bliss, Bowie, Bradshaw, Broom,
Buflinton, Lewis D. Campbell, Carutliers, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, Comms, Covode, Cragm, Cullen, Cumback, Dam-
roll, Davidson, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dunn,
Edie, Edmundson, Elliott, Emrie, English, Evans, Faulk-
ner, Flagler, Florence, Ilenry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert
B. Hall, Harrison, Herbert, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Valentine B. Horton, Hughston, Kelly, Kelsey, Kcnnett,
King, Knapp, Knowlton, KunkeJ, Mace, Alexander K.
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, McCarty, Killian Miller,
Moore, Morgan. Morrill, Mott, Murray, Orr, Peck, Pelton,
Pennington, Perry, Pcttit, Pike, Porter, Prmgle, Ritchie,
Uobert-s, Robison, S.tbin, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Shorter,
Watson, Welch, Wells Whitney, Williams, W:nslow,
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodvvorth—108.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Ilendley S. Bennett, Bocock,
Branch, Brenton, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carhle,
Caskie, dawson, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Colfax, Cox, Crawford, Day, Denver, Dowdell, Etheridge,
Foster, Goode, Gieemvood, Harlan, Thomas L. Hams,
Hickman, Houston, George W. Jones, Kidwell, Knight,
Knox, Loiter, Letcher, Liudlcy, Humphrey Marshall.
Matteson, McMuIhn, Smith Miller, Millson, Norton, An-
drew Oliver, Paikcr, Pearcu, Phelps, Powell, Puryear,
Quitman, Reade, Ready, Robbins, ltuffin, Rust, Seward,
Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stephens,
Xodd, Tnppe, Underwood, Vail, Waldron, Warner, Wat-
kins, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—66.
So the bill was passed.
Ponding the call of the roll,
Mr. PELTON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Valk, had been obliged to leave the Hall on ac-
count of sickness.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY AT THE HERMITAGE.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER asked and obtained leave
to introduce the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of accepting the
tendci by the State of Tennessee of five hundred acres of
the late residence of Andrew Jackson, deceased, including
the mansion, tomb, and other improvements known a« " the
Hermitage," on the condition that it be used as a site for a
branch of the Military Academy of the United States.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary.
DETROIT CUSTOM-HOUSE, ETC.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union discharged from the
further consideration of a joint resolution for
enlargingthe custom-house, post office, and court-
house at Detroit, Michigan.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to suspend the rules
for that purpose.
The question was taken by division; and there
were but twenty members voting in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; only
nineteen members voting therefor.
So the rules were not suspended.
HEIRS OF VV. S. DERRICK.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider "the vote by which the
bill for the relief of the heirs of W. S. Derrick
was laid on the table on Saturday. I do not ask
it to be considered now.
The motion was entered.
INCREASE OF MEDICAL STAFF OF ARMY.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit me to report from
the Committee on Military Affairs a bill which
is demanded by the public exigencies of the ser-
vice, and by every consideration of humanity and
economy. It is Senate bill No. in, providing
for the necessary increase and better organization
of the medical and hospital department of the
Army.
The bill was read.
The first section provides for the addition of
four surgeons and eight assistant surgeons to
be appointed in compliance with the existing
laws.
The second section authorizes the appointment
of competent hospital stewards, not to exceed
one for each military post, to be mustered and
paid on the hospital muster roll, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of sergeants of ordnance.
"The third section allows to soldiers acting as
cooks and nurses the extra pay allowed to sol-
diers on fatigue duty by the act of August 4,
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to suspend the
rules; and I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the permission of
the House to have read a very short document
on this subject.
The following letter was thereupon read:
Surgeon General's Office, July 18, 1856.
Sir : It has become my duty to submit for your consid-
eration the inclosed communication fiom the medical
director of the department of the Pacific, calling for addi-
tional medical officers, and to invite your perusal, also, of
the indorsement thereon by Major General Wool.
With the present numerical force of the medical staff, it
is impossible for me to meet this and other constantly
recurring demands for medical officers. Nearly one half
of the entire appropriation for the medical and hospital
department is now annually expended for the services of
private physicians, who in many cases are necessardy em-
ployed at exorbitant rates of pay, and who oftentimes do
not possess the professional acquirements wiiich the officers
and soldiers have a right to expect.
It has been a source of no little embarrassment to me, in
the discharge of my duties, that the last Congress, in creat-
ing an additional military force of four regiments, omitted
to provide for a corresponding increase in the number of
medical^ officeis. The necessity for such increase having
been officially represented, there is no doubt that the prop-
osition would have been favorably entertained by Congress
at the time the new corps were raised.
The provision for the additional medical officers, how-
ever, was accidentally omitted in the general bill which
provided for the additional military force, and thus was
lost the proposition to increase the medical staff of the
Army.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, TH: LAWSON, Surgeon General.
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Secretary of War.
The question was taken; and there were-
108, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Bell, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Benson, Bliss, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom,
Buffinton, Burnett, Cadwaladcr, John P. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Carlile, Carutliers, Caskie, Chaffee, Conuns,
Covode, Cragm, Timothy Davis, Day, Denver, Dick, Dow-
dell, Edic, Edmundson, Elliott, Emrie, English, Eustis,
Evans, Faulkner, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Thomas L.
Harris, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hickman, Thomas 11.
Horton, Valentino B. Horton, Kelly, Konnett, Kidwell,
King, Knapp, Kunkel, Lindley, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, Max-
well, McMullin, Smith Miller, Millson, Moore, Morrill,
Moft, Nichols, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Pcttit, Phelps, Porter,
Prmgle, Purviance, Quitman, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbins,
Roberts, Rust, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, Stephens, Swope, Tappmi, Taylor, Thorington,
Trippe, Underwood, Vail, Wakeman, Walker, Cad walader
C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Wells, Wlntnev, Williams, Winslow, Woodruff, Wood-
worth, and Daniel B. Wright—108.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Barbour, James H. Campbell,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Colfax, Cox, Crawford, Cumback, Damrell, David-
son, Dean, Dodd, Durfee, Etheridge, Galloway, Giddings,
Harlan, Houston, Hughston, Knight, Knox, Lake, Leiter,
Letcher, Mace, McCarty, Killian Miller, Morgan, Murray,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Pearce, Powell, Puryear,
Reade, Ready, Richardson, Ruffin, Savage, Seward, Sher-
man, Simmons, William R. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron,
Watkins, Watson, Wood, John V. Wright, and ZollicofFer
—61.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
