1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28.
purchase, with the consent of the State, but not
under proceedings to appropriate or condemn pri-
vate property; and when these owners of prop-
erty resist and threaten us -with an injunction,
why do we make in a deficiency bill an appro-
priation of this large sum of money ? I hope the
Senate will consider the question.
Mr. IVERSON. I call for the yeas and nays
on receding from the amendment.
The yeas arid nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. ' If the Senate should recede,
I suppose that will be the end of the amendment,
will it not? If they should Hot recede, would it
affect in any way the action of the committee of
C0Ilftr6B.C6? '
The PRESIDENT. The whole subject would
go to the Committee of conference?
Mr. HAMLIN. Upon the whole of the amend-
ments ?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Clay, Fitzpatrick, Pugh,
Wade, and Wilson—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead, Biowu, Butler,
Cass, Collamer, Crittenden, Dodge, Evans, Fish, Foot,
Foster, Geyer, Hamlin, Hunter, lverson, Johnson, Jones
of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Seward, Stuart,
Sumner, Toucey, Trumbull, Weller, Wright, and Yulee—
32.
So the Senate refused to recede from the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT. The question now recurs
on the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
The motion was agreed to; and it was, there-
fore,
Resolved, That tlm Senate insist on their amendments
disagreed to by the House of Representatives; disagree to
the amendments of the House to the amendments of the
Senate to the said bill; and a&k a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. GEYER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to revive and continue in force for a lim-
ited period "An act for the final adjustment of
land claims in Missouri," approved July 9,1859,
and for other purposes;
A bill to relinquish to the inhabitants of St.
Louis, Missouri, for the use of schools, certain
out-lots and common-field lots, heretofore re-
served; and
A bill to provide for peremptory challenges in
criminal cases in the courts of the United States
within the States admitted into the Union since
September, 1789.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 267)
to incorporate the Apothecaries' Association of
the District of Columbia; which was read the
first and second times, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 268)
to incorporate the Atlantic and Pacific National
Union Railroad Company; which was read the
first and second times by its title.
Mr. HAMLIN. This bill was forwarded to
me by an individual whom I do not know, with
a request that 1 should offer it in the Senate as a
substitute for all other Pacific railroad bills. As
it is one which I do not sec lit to adopt myself, I
have thought it proper and expedient to introduce
it for the purpose of having it referred to the select
committee on the Pacific railroad. For the pur-
pose of enlightening the Senate a little, I propose
to read one or two paragraphs from the letter
which accompanied the bill. The first paragraph
states:
" Inclosed herewith is the most important bili ever pre-
sented in Congress since the adoption of the American
Constitution, * big with the fate5 of the present Administra-
tion and the future policy or our national Government;
and whatever party shall first adoptit will sweep the coun-
try in the next presidential campaign. The bill is lespect-
fully inclosed to you for presentation in the Senate, on the
twenty-ninth instant, and urged upon Congress as a substi-
tate ior Mr. Weller's, and all other bills now under
consideration for a national highway to the Pacific, and as
the only bill and constitutional projection which can insure
the consummation of the woik m six years, in a style and
8l)ape worthy our country and national Government."
Mr. BROWN. This is the 28th of April.
Mr. HAMLIN. As I may be absent, I have
anticipated the time. In another part of the
letter accompanying the bill, after detailing the
character of the measure, he says:
" The roost distinguished features i  the document are
its lofty patriotism, sound national policy, comprehensive
interests, practical ways and means, and consummate
financial skill, which .calls in the aid of the Government
credit and national wealth of$8,500*000,000 to carry through
an enterprise of national character, extent, and interest, be-
yond all value and all price, that will cost only $150,000,000."
[Laughter.]
I move that the bill be referred to the select
committee on the Pacific railroad.
Mr. WELLER. I do not think it necessary
to refer the bill to the select committee. The
committee have already reported on the subject.
When their bill comes up for consideration, my
friend from Maine can move this as an amend-
ment to it. I pledge my word that, if the gentle-
man sees fit to send the bill there, not a member
of the committee will ever read it.
Mr. BROWN, and others. Let it go to the
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF OFFICERS OF THE
CUSTOMS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senate to take up
Senate bill No. 155, for tne purpose of assigning
it for to-morrow at twelve and a half o'clock. It
is a bill relating to the appointment of officers
for the collection of the customs, and to provide
for their compensation.
The PRESIDENT. The first question will
bo on taking up the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now move that it be post-
poned to, and made the special order for, to-mor-
row, at twelve and a half o'clock.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope the bill will not be
assigned for so early a day. It is an important
bill, making great changes, which, for one, I am
not yet prepared to act on.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is true that this is an im-
portant bill; but it has long since been reported
by the Committee on Commerce, and I think has
been very carefully prepared. I desire to say
to the b<3dy—though, perhaps, it is no very
good reason why I should ask the indulgence
of the Senate—that 1 wish to be absent for a
few days—perhaps two weeks. I have been
a business member of the Senate; I have been
in my seat at all times, and I desire that the
Senate shall give its action on the bill before I
leave. I have therefore asked, not that it shall
conflict with other special orders, but that it shall
be considered for a day or two in the morning
hour. I hope it'will be assigned for to-morrow,
at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I believe that, with a
slight exception, I have been as regular in my
attendance as the honorable Senator from Maine;
but I sympathize with the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Toucey] in his views on this occa-
sion. This isavery important measure, and one
which, I think, should be thoroughly understood
by the Senate before we adopt it. What has
passed in this body during the present session
should be sufficient to admonish the Senate that,
before we make radical changes in matters affect-
ing the public interests, we should thoroughly
understand them. The length of time consumed
in the discussion of the action of the naval board,
and other questions, warns mo that before we
touch a chord which affects the whole country,
as this does, we should seriously and soberly,
consider it in all its bearings.
This bill affects the whole revenue system, and
the manner of collecting the customs. It fixes
the compensation of every custom-house officer.
For one, I have been so much engaged in other
business that I have not even had time to look
into the bill, and I am utterly opposed to forcing
through, with this race-horse speed, measures of
such vital importance. I am disposed to extend to
the gentleman from Maine every proper courtesy;
but it will be a long time before the session closes
—longer than I wish—and time may, therefore,
be allowed to examine this measure. Onaglance
at the bill I perceive that it classifies the collec-
tion districts in my own State in a manner which
does not accord with my own notions. As it was
read I was mystified; I did not understand it; I
had to confer with the honorable gentleman who
reported it to learn something of its bearing and
character; and I trust we shall not be 'hastened
into the discussion or examination .of the bill
without having at least a reasonable .time to in-
quire into its details, to see whether-"it meets the
views of Senators.
Mr. STUART. I beg leave to say to the hon-
orable Senator from Alabama, that the course
proposed by the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, [Mr. Hamlin,] will bring about what
he desires—a full understanding of the bill by
the Senate. He does not propose, nor do the
committee propose, to hasten its passage through
the Senate, but to take it up in the morning hour,
and give it consideration ill the morning hour for
a few days, until it shall be thoroughly under-
stood. The Senator must be aware that until a
bill is taken up for consideration in the Senate,
there are very few members of this body who
are able to understand it at all. We are entirely
engrossed in the business which pertains to our
own committees, and we have scarcely any leisure
to take up and examine a bill coming from another
committee. When this bill shall be presented
to the Senate, as the chairman of the Committee
on Commerce proposes, the whole subject will
be open to discussion, and the Senate will become
thoroughly informed respecting it.
The Senator from Alabama must be aware that
under our rules there is no such thing as forcing
a measure through; it is impossible to doit. I
think the ground taken by the chairman of the
committee—the fact that he desires to go home
for a few days, and is anxious that the bill should
be disposed of if it can be, satisfactorily to the
Senate, before he goes—is sufficient ground to
extend to him the courtesy which he asks. He
moves that it be considered, confining it, as he
suggests, to the morning hour. The Senator
will perceive, on reflection, I think, that there can
be no objection to that course, and I hope the
Senate will agree to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the bill
and resolutions in regard to the naval board were
made the special order for to-day. Is that so ?
The PRESIDENT. That subject is one of
several special orders. There are two special
orders before it, however.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that we ought
to take up that subject and dispose of it. If we
mean to act on it at all, we ought to act on it
speedily. For one, 1 am unwilling to give pre-
cedence to any other business until that is dis-
posed of.
Mr. STUART. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator from "Virginia that the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce proposes to make this bill
the special order for the morning hour, terminat-
ing each day when one o'clock arrives. At that
hour, if the Senate chose to proceed with other
special orders, they can do so. This will not in-
terfere with them at all.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the bill in regard to the
naval board the special order for the morning
hour, or for one o'clock
The PRESIDENT. It is the special order for
half past one o'clock to-day.
Mr. SEWARD. Senate bill No. 146 is the
special order for half past twelve o'clock to-day;
and I ask the Senate to take it up.
Mr. HUNTER. What is it ?
Mr. SEWARD. It is a bill providing for the
compensation of pension agents, and prescribing
the time and manner of settling their accounts.
Mr STUART. I hope the Senator will let us
dispose of the motion of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. SEWARD." Very well.
Mr. TOUCEY. There has been laid on tho
table this morning a report from the Secretary of
the Treasury, oil the subject embraced in the" bill
of the Senator from Maine. That bill provides
compensation for all the officers of the Treasury
Department throughout the whole country, en-
gaged in the collection of the customs—making
radical changes. On a cursory glance at it, I
perceive that it increases the compensation in the
larger districts, while a different result is pro-
duced elsewhere. Now, I am not willing to take
up a bill of this kind, and dispose of it in the
morning hour. I hope it will be taken up, and
deliberately considered, at a time when the atten-
tion of the Senate shall be drawn to it, and when
Senators shall have had an opportunity of exam-
ining <the subject in advance of its being brought
under consideration. I think we have had enough
