304
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Our Relations with England—Mr. Fessenden.
[April 2,
Senate.
Passing that, sir, let us come to the protector-
ate, with regard to which I am so unfortunate as
to differ somewhat with Senators who support
the construction given by the Secretary of State
to this treaty. I do not sec that the protectorate
was, by the'terms of the treaty, abandoned. Our
Government has made a specific claim on Great
Britain, and according to Mr. Marcy, the Presi-
dent has authorized our Minister to demand that
the protectorate shall be withdrawn. I agree with
the positions assumed by our Government in re-
lation to other matters, but in regard to the pro-
tectorate it seems to me that our claim has been
stated in terms rather too broad and peremptory.
Why? Because there was a specific allusion
made in the treaty to an existing protectorate.
Great Britain, it was provided, should not use any
protection which might afford at that time, or at
any future time, for the purpose of occupying,
fortifying or assuming dominion; and the same
restriction was imposed on the United States.
The treaty must be construed with reference to
existing facts. Great Britain claimed a protec-
torate at that time; wedidnot. When, therefore,
a protectorate is spoken of in the treaty, reference
is made to an existing fact. Language thus used
in regard to protection afforded, mustmean some-
thing. What does it mean ? The honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan has said that the word
" occupy" covers the whole ground, and that
there is no foundation for the position assumed
by the Queen's Advocate, that an army or a naval
force might be sent there, and the territory taken
possession of temporarily, for the purpose of pro-
tecting these Indians without any breach of the
treaty.. I hold so too. I hold that if Great Britain
was not compelled by the language of the treaty
to abandon her protectorate, that consequence
would follow. Why? The word "occupy"
must be read according to the subject-matter.
What does it import? The word "occupy"
means to " keep," to " possess." Great Britain,
therefore, cannot use any protectorate which she
may have for the purpose of keeping or possess-
ing for her own use, and under her own control,
any part of Central America. That is all. It
does not mean that she shall cease to protect these
Indians, and shall cease to do anything that may
be necessary for the purpose of protecting these
Indians. On the contrary, that is clearly reserved
by implication. What may she do r She may
not keep an armed force there unnecessarily to
control the country; she may not take it into her
possession and use it for herself and her own pur-
poses; but she may keep an agent there to look
out for the interests of the Indians. She may
do, in feet, all that is necessary to protect them in
the beneficial occupation of their territory, so far
as the treaty is concerned, and she will not by so
doing violate its provisions.
Now, what has Great Britain done thatshould
cause complaint on our part ? Let Senators ask
themselves. Soon after the treaty was made, she
did perform at San Juan certain acts which were,
or might have been considered, clear infractions
of the treaty. She took possession of that place,
but soon left it to be governed by those who were
there. She withdrew her troops. All that she
has done <since that period, as I understand, in
regard to the protection of the Mosquito Indians,
has been simply to keep an agent among them to ,
protect the King of the Mosquitoes, upon whose
rank I do not propose to dilate, and his people.
I have seen in a late British periodical—prob- :
ably the last number of Blackwood—a statement ! J
that the Mosquito Indians were about settling the |
question for themselves; that they were tired of :
their King and the British agent, and, of course,
of the protectorate, and had applied to the Nicar-
aguan Government, now under the control of the
celebrated General Walker, to interpose its pro-
tection. I think they and General Walker are in
a fair way of adjusting the difficulty, especially
as it must be obvious that it can be no object to
the British Government to keep that protectorate
alive. England would be very willing to abandon
it, considering the restrictions under which, this
treaty places her, at the earliest moment that she
can do so honorably. Undoubtedly, if she had
not made the treaty, she would retain the pro-
tectants; but, bound as she is by the treaty not
to obtain any power or dominion in Central
America, or accomplish anything which by pos-
sibility can prove beneficial to herself, it cannot
be for her interest to maintain the protectorate;
and therefore I believe her to be perfectly in
earnest when she says that all she desires is to
discharge the honorary obligations which she may
be under to the Mosquito Indians, arising out of
their long-continued relations to each other.
But, Mr. President, the question is a very dif-
ferent one with reference to the Bay Island col-
; ony. By the treaty, Great Britain agreed not to
colonize, not to assume dominion over, not to
fortify, not to use, not to occupy, not to possess,
any part of Central America. There can be no
doubt whatever—it is not denied by Great Britain
herself—that the Bay Islands are a part of Cen-
tral America. They come specifically within the
description of the treaty. If the treaty had been
left without the subsequent correspondence which
passed between Sir Henry Bulwer and the Ameri-
can negotiator, there could have been no possible
dispute about this matter, except, perhaps, as to
the assumption of Great Britain—to which I
attach no consequence—to retain all that she
held atthe time of the treaty. Leaving that con-
sideration out of view, there can be no doubt, in
the mind of any one, that, according to the lan-
guage of the treaty, Great Britain was bound to
abandon all her possessions, if she had any, in
Central America; and, consequently, could not
take possession in any form of those islands off
the coast of Honduras. She must show, as a
matter of argument—she is bound to show—that
the Bay Islands come within the exception con-
tained in the subsequent exchange of diplomatic
notes, which took place after it was signed, and
before it was ratified. She must show that
the correspondence enables her to hold those
islands.
I think, on looking at the whole matter—and I
cannot be easily convinced to the contrary—that
Sir Henry Bulwer, in that correspondence, in-
tended a trick, but was not successful. Our
negotiator happened to know quite as much about
it as the British Minister. Why do I make this
statement? In the first place, it is quite notorious
that the original territory called the Belize was
not a part of Central America. I have read the
argument of the honorable Senator from Delaware
on that point, and connecting it with the fact that
Great Britain made a treaty with Mexico in re-
gard to the Belize, it appears obvious, from all
the circumstances, that the Belize was not con-
sidered a part of Central America. Now, sir, it
is possible that, when Sir Henry Bulwer proposed
in his subsequent letter that the treaty of April
19, 1850, should not be understood to apply to
Honduras or its dependencies, he might have
meant British Honduras, which was already in
the possession of England; but if he knew the
fact, and understood the geography, he did not so
intend, for it was not included within the terms
of the treaty. I am inclined to think he intended
that the American negotiator, should understand
that he meant British Honduras, or the Belize,
while he in fact designed precisely what he said—
"Honduras and its dependencies;" intending to
recognize the Bay Islands as dependencies of.
Honduras proper. If our Secretary of State had
agreed to this statement, what would have been
the result? It would have been argued that Hon-
duras and the Bay Islands were excepted, and
Great Britain, having a quasi possession of them
from the fact that her subjects had possession,
might then have claimed the Island of Roatan and
the other islands adjacent. The answer of the
American Secretary of State, however, on this
point, is conclusive. He says—I will repeat his
language as nearly as I can—" The treaty was not
understood to apply to British Honduras and the
small islands in its vicinity which maybe known
as its dependencies." If he had stopped there,
there might have been some doubt, for the ques-
tion might have arisen, what is British Honduras?
and England might claim to extend it down the
whole eastern shore of Guatemala, and regard
Roatan and the other islands adjacent as its de-
pendencies. Our Secretary of State went further,
however, and said, " The treaty does apply to
every part and portion of Central America.'' That
answer was accepted; and, after such acceptance,
tnere can be no question whatever in regard to
I these islands, whether dependencies of Honduras
j or not.
j There is another view which renders this point
clear to my own mind, as a lawyer. Presuming
j even that the language was doubtful, there being
a contest whether Belize was in Yucatan or in
Central America, a question might arise, to what
did the negotiators refer when they spoke of
"Honduras?" Great Britain had an unexcep-
tionable title to the usufruct of the Belize, and of
a few small islands in its vicinity, and which were
dependencies of it. Her title there was recog-
nized by treaty, was known to public law, and
was presumed to be understood by every State
that might have occasion to negotiate with refer-
ence to that region of country. Even supposing
this question to be doubtful, to what must Sir
Henry Bulwer be supposed to refer, when he
said the treaty did not apply to Honduras and its
dependencies? Of course he must be supposed
to refer to that which was known to the public
law as Honduras and its dependencies, right-
fully occupied by Great Britain. Our negotiator
was not bound to inquire whether Great Britain
had assumed to exercise jurisdiction and author-
ity over another part of that coast to which she
had no title, and over other islands to which she
had no pretense of title. It was sufficient for him if
he found, in the public law, that which was known
to all statesmen and to him, that there was a
Honduras, with its dependencies, to which the
language of Sir Henry Buhver's letter could be
properly applied.
When there is a rightful claim, and a wrongful
claim, and language is used which may be ap-
plied to either, it must of course be understood
to apply to that which is a claim of right, and not
to that which is a claim of wrong. Leaving,
therefore, out of consideration the peculiar and
strong language of the treaty, what is the an-
swer? Here was a proposition that the treaty
should not apply to Honduras and its depend-
encies. Honduras and its dependencies, so far
as Great Britain was concerned, were known to
the public law as being the Belize and certain
small islands in its vicinity. I hold, then, that,
even if our Secretary of State had not gone as
far as he did, and if he had not said in terms
that the treaty should apply to all parts of Cen-
tral America, it would have been covered by the
well-known principle of public law which would
refer the term employed to the claim of right un-
der a treaty, and not to a mere intrusion. In
order to construe a treaty, you must, if you can,
apply its terms to something known, definite, dis-
tinct, well-marked, and understood, if the public
law will allow you to do so, and not to that which
is indefinite, unknown, not understood, and only
existing by virtue of a wrongful possession.
Acting on this presumption, as he might very
well be supposed to act, the language of the ne-
gotiator was sufficient for all the purposes of a
clear and definite construction.
For the reasons stated I bold, in reference to the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty, in the first place, that we
have no claim on Great Britain to abandon en-
tirely her Mosquito protectorate. She may exer-
cise that protectorate in good faith, for the benefit
of those Indians. I think the President went too
far altogether when, through the Secretary of
State, he demanded an immediate abandonment
of that protectorate. In the next place, in regard
to the Bay Island colony, which has been estab-
lished since the ratification of the treaty, it is
very clear that Great Britain has been guilty of
bad faith. She assumes to take possession of
that which does not belong to her, from which
she is excluded by express stipulation, and which
she has agreed she will not occupy, colonize,
fortify, or in any manner assume or exercise do-
minion over.
These are the only points in connection with
the treaty on which I nave deemed it necessary
to touch; and I have spoken of them thus fully,
for the purpose of introducing more clearly what
I have further to say in relation to the conse-
quences of the position in which we find ourselves
at the present hour.
I do not agree, Mr. President, that the necessary-
consequence of a persistance by Great Britain in
holding on to her Bay Island colony, as she at
present conducts it, must be the commencement
