1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
305
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Our Relations with England—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
of hostilities between the two countries. It is
flagrant bad faith on the part of Great Britain,
but it does not follow that we are compelled by
any such considerations to declare war against
her, or to take measures to compel her to observe
the stipulations of the treaty. We may declare
war against her if we please; it is at our option.
We may proceed to hostilities if we please; it is
a matter within our own choice. We may abro-
rogate the treaty, for nothing is better settled as
a principle of public law than, that when one con-
tracting party refuses to perform one article of
a treaty, the other is at liberty to abrogate the
whole. Suppose we do not choose to abrogate
the treaty, but for very good reasons shall hold
Great Britain to it, are we necessarily compelled
to declare war against her, or to take any meas-
ures having a tendency to that end? Gentle-
men seem to suppose that unless we do this we
shall be placed in an awkward predicament,
and our national honor will be tarnished. In my
humble opinion, it is a matter which does not
affect our national honor in the slightest possible
degree. Every breach of a treaty is of course ail
injustice. For every injustice, a nation has a
right to demand reparation; and if reparation be
refused she may take it; but every injustice is not
an adequate cause for commencing hostilities.
Not every breach of an engagement is so.
Let us look at this point in connection with the
treaty itself. Suppose the clause upon which I
have been speaking, and upon whicn all the diffi-
culty arises, had been left out of the treaty, and
there had been a simple provision that both par-
ties agreed to guaranty the neutrality of any
canal which might be afterwards constructed
across the Isthmus, and before any canal was
made Great Britain should give notice that she
did not intend to be bound by her agreement. It
would be an injustice, a breach of faith; but
would it call for hostilities on the part of this
country against her? Not at all; it is a mere
breach of contract. If that case would not call
for hostilities, does this? I hold not, unless our
national honor be involved*. Why ? Let us ask
this question of ourselves. The territory is not
ours; Great Britain commits no aggression upon
us by continuing to hold it. Our flag is not in-
sulted; our commerce is not interfered with; we
are not refused the rights of transit across Cen-
tral America. There is not a single right of any
citizen of ours, which we are bound to protect,
that is in any manner invaded by Great Britain.
How, then, can it be necessary for us to plunge
ourselves into a war for the reason that our na-
tional honor requires it? Sir, we have preserved
our honor, we have kept our faith; ana if Great
Britain does not choose to keep hers, she must
be answerable at the bar of the public opinion
of the world.
I say, then, that when gentlemen contend that
our honor requires us to take strong steps in re-
lation to this matter, they are going too far, and
too fast. There is no such obligation resting
upon us. It is simply a question of expediency
and interest. What does our interest require?
Does it demand that we should enforce this con-
tract at the present, or at any time ? This is the
question which we must aek ourselves. Is there
any right of the United States which we desire
on this isthmus at the present time, and do not
possess? We have, strictly speaking, no right
of transit. It is permitted to us by a weak Gov-
ernment. It is all that we ought to ask her for.
We are free to come and go over that territory.
Great Britain does not pretend to interfere with
us in any shape or form. She does not assume
to erect any fortifications there, or to do anything
at war with any interest which we have in Cen-
tral America. Why, then, should it be argued
by anybody that there is any occasion for us to
create an excitement in reference to the matter,
or to do anything but negotiate, and if negotia-
tion will not accomplish the purpose, to bide our
time, and wait until a period shall arrive when
some essential interest shall require our active
interference for its protection ?
Suppose we could expel England from Central
America to-day, what should we gain ? Would
the country be ours? Should we gain a single
foot of territory there ? Should we have a right
to colonize, to fortify, occupy, or to assume any
New Series—No. 20
dominion over it ? We should acquire no right
there. Although we might conquer our enemy,
we could obtain no right thereby to a neutral
territory, to which we have no claim.
Suppose, as some Senators have intimated, that
hostilities should grow out of the existing state
of things, what would be the cost? The peace
of the world would be disturbed for nothing that
we could gain, and nothing that we could possi-
bly lose by omitting to disturb it. At what cost
would it be ? Our commerce would unquestion-
ably be ruined; our sailors would be imprisoned;
our country demoralized by a long, tedious, and
a wasteful war, with one of the first nations of
the earth: and if we should succeed finally, we
should accomplish nothing but the pitiful satis-
faction of having inflicted as much, if not more
injury on our enemy than she on us.
Mr. President, not only, in my judgment, is a
nation not bound to commence hostilities, but no
nation can be justified in doing so, except upon
grounds of stern necessity, involving either the
national honor, or its essential interest. WeJiave
seen that neither can be involved in this question.
No one can suspect us of timidity in a just quar-
rel. Our power is too great, and our reputation
too well established. Our propensity to vaunt our
own prowess is the only ground of suspicion
against us; for it is generally observable that
those who bluster most loudly, are apt to be most
deficient in true courage. Let us not, sir, by
violent and unbecoming language, render our-
selves liable to such an imputation.
I cannot agree with my Honorable friend from
New York, in considering it advisable to notify
England that, unless she withdraws from the
country within a specified time, we shall proceed
to take possession of it. Thatis,asl have already
stated, a provisional declaration of war. If my
honorable friend thought that course advisable,
why has be not introduced a proposition to that
effect? He has not done so. Does any states-
man, when he means to commence hostilities
against a foreign Government, give his antagonist
a year's notice? I have understood that the or-
dinary course, when it was apprehended that war
might become necessary within a short period of
time, has been to mask your batteries and con-
ceal your design to as late a day as possible.
My friend from New York, however, supposes
that it would be better to give Great Britain a
year's notice that, at the end of that time, we
shall declare war against her, if she does not com-
ply with our demands. Is this for the purpose
of enabling her, in the mean time, to take care that
we do noffortify our coasts, or increase our Navy,
or do anything which she, by prompt measures,
can prevent? Has the honorable Senator con-
sidered what we are to do in the case which he
has presented to us? At once we must commence
placing our Navy and our Army upon a war foot-
ing, and make the appropriations necessary to put
our coast in a complete state of defense. Is the
Senate prepared for that? 1 think the honorable
Senator from Delaware told us, a few days since,
that although he was not in favor of immediate
hostilities, he thought we should put the country
ilia state of preparation for war. What does a
state of preparation for war mean ? Does it mean
anything more than that preparation which every
country, especially one like ours, ought always
to have; that is, to see that the fortifications on
our coast are in good order, and to provide our-
selves with arms and ammunition, as this bill, to
a certain extent, makes provision for. I am will-
ing that this country should be in precisely that
state of preparation for war which all countries
ought to be in time of peace. "
But, sir, the idea that a republic like ours is
ever to be fully prepared for war, even when war
comes, is to my mind very strange. We shall
never be prepared for war until after the period
when it actually exists. No republic ever was,
and.in my judgment no republic ought to be.
We ought not to have a Navy or an Army of a suf-
ficient extent for war purposes. The preparation
which a republic like ours ought always to have
is that preparation which arises from the wealth,
the intelligence, the skill, and the ability of our
citizens, and the numbers of our peopie. This
is the only safe preparation which we can ever
have in time of peace, except that policy which
our Government has always adopted , of keeping
our coast defenses in as perfect condition as pos-
sible, so that, if war comes suddenly upon us,
we may have time for preparation. This, sir, is
all the security we need.
My honorable friend from New York ima-
gined certain results which would follow from a
war with Great Britain. One of these was the
acquisition of Canada, not by conquest, but from
the necessity of the case. In the present state of
things between Great Britain ana her colonies,
there is no probability in the world that, in case
a contest should arise, those colonies would take
part with us. The spirit of loyalty has not yet
died out in them. I regard it, however, as cer-
tain as any future event, that before many years
shall have elapsed those colonies must be con-
nected with this country. Why? Simply be-
cause every year is drawing more closely the
bonds which unite us. When we made the re-
ciprocity treaty, as it is called, we took one great
step towards union between the British colonies
and the United States. That treaty may have de-
ferred the day when that event will take place,
because it does away with the necessities of trade,
which of themselves were sufficient to produce
it. Yet we made it certain at a future time. The
bonds which will be knit between the British
Provinces and this country, in the course of the
succeeding ten years, will be such as can never
be torn asunder, and must be strengthened by
the lapse of time. If at this period we should
have hostilities with Great Britain, the inevitable
result must be to alienate those colonies from us.
If in consequence of those hostilities they became
part of this country, it must be by conquest.
For me I never desire to see the colonies of Great
Britain on our border become a part of this Union
by conquest. When they come, I desire that they
shall come peacefully, and that the sun which
arises in the East, as it looks down for the first
time upon us as a united people, may not look
luridly down, through the smoke and flame of a
battle-field, upon a soil drenched with kindred
blood.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly, sir.
Mr. CLAYTON. On the day when the reci-
procity treaty was ratified by the Senate, I pre-
dicted with perfect confidence the very result
which the gentleman now anticipates as a conse-
quence of that treaty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was one of the induce-
ments which actuated me in favoring the treaty.
I believe that, though it might postpone the time,
it rendered the event certain at some future day.
My honorable friend from Vermont [Mr.
Foot] thinks that, whatever we may say or do,
Great Britain will not fight. Well, sir, -if she
will not fight, and we are quite certain of that fact,
it is hardly a proof of courage or magnanimity to
threaten or intimate that we will declare war if
she does not yield to our demands. 1 agree with
my friend from Vermont as to the action which
he proposed, so far as it goes, that we should unite
in a declaration that we are right. I have no ob-
jection in the world to that, nor do I perceive that
it would much avail us. It was intimated that
we should stand very fairly if, contrary to our
expectations, hostilities should grow out of our re-
lations with Great Britain, because it was said that
England is every day growing weaker, while we
are growing stronger. To some extent that may
be true; but it is only true comparatively. 1 sup-
pose Senators attach some consequence to the
difficulty which Great Britain had in enlisting men
for her war in the East; but writers differ exceed-
ingly as to the cause of that difficulty. Some
English writers say thatit is imputable to the great
prosperity of England; that ner men are now
receiving such high rates of wages that they will
not enlist for the ordinary prices, and that, there-
fore, it is a question of pay. I am inclined to
think that in a very great measure this is the true
cause; it is no doubt the fact that agriculture is
improving in England of late, and her wealth has
been increasing.
I believe, however, that the English system at
the present day tends rather to weaken than to
strengthen a nation. Her rural population has
been diminishing in consequence of her recent
