1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1915
HOMESTEAD BILL. ||
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent of !
the House to have the Committee of the Whole :
on the state of the Union discharged from the >
further consideration of the homestead bill, that i
it may be considered at this time. I
Objection was made.
Mr. GROW. I move to suspend the rules for 1
that purpose. !
Mr. CARLISLE. On that 1 call for the yeas ,
and nays. s
The yeas and nays were ordered. I
The question was taken; and there were—yeas |
105, nays 62; as follows: I
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Barclay, !
Benson, BiUiiiglturst, Biiv, Bowie, Bradshavv, Bufftnton, !
Burnett, James 11. Campbell, Carutlicrs, Chaffee, Ezra !
Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Coimns, Covode, Cox, Cragin, i
Cumback, Damrell. Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, j
Dick, Ootid, Durfee, Edie, Bmrie, Florence, Galloway, i
Guldmgs, Gilbert, Gianger, Glow, Robert B. Hall, Thomas |
L Harris, Holloway, Thomas ii. Horton, Valentine B ,
Horton, Huah^ton, Kelly. Kelsey, Kennett, Knapp, Knight, '
Knowltou, Knox, Kunkel, Leitcr, Lmdley. Mace, Alex- i
ander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Mnisbali, Matteson, Mc- ;
Carty, Kiiltan Miller, Motgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, i
Norton, Andiew Oiiver. Paiker. Peaiee, Peck, Pclton, :|
Pettit, Porter, Prmgle, Pumanee, Richardson, Kitehie, ji
Robbins, Roberts., Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, >i
Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan. Thornigton, i
Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldion, '
Crtdwalader C. Waahburno, Elhhu B. Wns-hburno, Israel :
Wa^hburne, Watson, Weleh. YVelK Williams, Wood, '
Woodruff, Woodworth, and John V. Wright—105. 1
NAYS — Messrs, Aiken, Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Bo-
cock, Bovce, Biancli, Bioom, Lewis. D. Campbell, Carhle, |
Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. VY. Cobb, Craw- !
ford. Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Dowdell, Edmund- j
son,'Etheridgc, Evans, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller,Goode, j
Gieenvvood. Harlan, J. Mormon Harris, Haiu&on, Haven, :
Uerbeit, Hickman, Houston, George W. .Jones, Ktdwell, j
iiake, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, Smith Miller, Millson, :
Moore, Nichols, Orr, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Reade, !
Ready, Rivera, Ruffin, Seward, Shorter, Sneed, Stephens, !
Swope, Taylor, Thurston, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, !
Warner, Watkins, Whitney, Win&iow, and Daniel B. ;
Wnght—62. !
So (two thirds not having voted in favor there- ,
of) the rules were not suspended. j
LEGISLATIVE, EXECUTIVE, AND JUDICIAL j
APPROPRIATION BILL. j
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve it-
self into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union for the purpose of taking up House j
bill No. 202. It is very important that the House '
should at once dispose of the appropriation bill.
Mr. CARLILE. I desire to ask the gentleman i
from Ohio to withdraw that motion for one mo-
ment, and allow me to introduce a bill. I
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is too late in the session
now to make that appeal.
Mr. CARLILE. I have been trying for three
x. c> i;s to get the floor.
T ;..' question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
p. >11011; and there were, on a division—ayes 101,
noesJ7.
•lr. MILLER, of Indiana, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Haven in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill (No. 202) making appro-
priations for the legislative,executive,and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1857; the question pending
being upou the following amendment offered by
Mr. Campbell, of Ohio:
Pages 4, 5, and 6, strike out lines eighty-four to one hun-
dred and fourteen inclusive, and insert as follows :
For binding documents, $125,000.
For fuimtute, lepairs, and boxes for books, $15,000.
For stationery, $10,000
For hoif.es, carnages,and saddle horses, $5,000.
For fuel, oil, and candles, $2,500.
For newspapers, $12,.000.
Fot engi avmgj olcctrotypmg, and lithographing, $12o,000.
For Capitol police, $5,490.
For miscellaneous itcm«. $2:>0,000.
For pages and mail boy;-, $8,400. „ „ , ,.
For folding documents, including pay of folders, folding
paper, twine, and paste, $40,000. >
For twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for each member and Delegate of the first session
or'the Thirty Fourth Congress, $134,704.
For binding twenty-four copies 01 the Congressional Globe
and .Appendix for each menibei and Delegate of the first
session of the Thirty Fourth Congress. $16,757 92.
For twenty four copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for each member and Delegate of the second ses-
biou of the Thirty Fourth Congress, $17,352.
For bindingtwenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix foi each member and Delegate of the second
session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, $8,676.
For leportmg and publishing the proceedines of the House
of Representatives, $15,620, in addition to tfie unexpended
balance of the appropriation contained in act appioved JSth
May, 1856, for the same purpose, prior to the 1st July, 1856.
Forcleiks on land maps, clerks to committees, and tem-
porary clerks in the office of the Clerk of the House of Rep
re^enlativev. $28,460.
For one hundred copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix, and for binding the same, forthetiistand second
sessions of the Thirty Fourth Congress tor the House Li-
brary, $4,500.
For furniture for committee-rooms in the south wing of
the extension of the Capitol, $10,000.
Mr. ORR. I propose to amend the amendment
by reducing the appropriation to $199,000. On
Saturday last I stated to the committee that the
amount proposed to be appropriated under the
head of miscellaneous was much larger than here-
tofore. I have before me the act of 1854, the
long session of the last Congress, and I find that
the item under the head of "miscellaneous" for the
contingentfund of the House was $30,000. Under
I the act of 1855, the short session of the same
| Congress, the appropriation for miscellaneous
i items was $30,000. The proposition now before
the committee js to increase this item from 1855
to 1856, from $30,000 to $*250,000. It is a pretty
long skip. One hundred and eighty thousand
dollars is accounted for by the resolution provid-
ing for the purchase of books for the new mem-
bers. Twenty thousand dollars more is accounted
for to pay the expenses of contested elections,
still leaving $50,000, for which no details have
been given. I desire to ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means whatarc the items
of this appropriation?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will state, for
the information of the gentleman and the com-
mittee, that 1 have ascertained, by inquiry at the
Clerk's office, that a portion of the increase now
proposed is for the payment of outstanding debts
allowed by the Committee on Accounts. As I
have before stated, §180,000 is necessary to meet
the resolution of the House providing books for
the new members. This item was put into the
item of miscellaneous to avoid any difficulty that
might arise in the Senate or at the Treasury De-
partment, in consequence of the non-repeal of the
third section of the aet makmg appropriations to
supply deficiencies.&c., approved March 3, 1853.
Mr. HICKMAN. I should like to know how
much the books voted to each member under this
resolution are to cost ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman can sit
down and make the calculation for himself. I
think it is about $1,1268 85. It has also been
stated that the item for paying the per diem and
mileage of contestants is very large. The other
items are contingencies that must necessarily
arise, but which are very difficult to specify. By
way of illustration I will state, that there is now
a select committee in session for investigating
into contracts for the erection of custom-houses
and other public buildings. They have sum-
moned before them witnesses from various parts
of the country—one, I think, from Lake Supe-
rior, one from Milwaukee, another perhaps from
Mobile, and others from remote parts of the
country. Gentlemen will very readily see that it
is impossible for the Clerk to state the precise
amount that will be required to meet these con-
tingent expenses.
Mr. ORR. With the consent of the committee,
I will withdraw my amendment, and, for the
purpose of making a single remark, will renew it.
1 did not at first understand the reason for increas-
ing this item under the head of miscellaneous
expenses from $30,000 to $250,000. 1 now; under-
stand, from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that the object is to evade the
law in violation of which the resolution for pur-
chasing books was passed some weeks ago. It
will be recollected that I notified^he House, at
the time of the passage of that resolution, that,
under it, the Clerk of the House cpuld not Buy
those books, and pay for them, because there was
an express law providing that no books of the
description contemplated by thatresolutionshould
be distributed, without the concurrence of both
Houses. It appears now, however, that this
item is to evade the law which stands upon your
statute-book. Now, sir, I would suggest that
it would be better to place this appropriation in a
separate item, and add a proviso repealing the
law. 1 have as much confidence in the Clerk of
the House as any" one; but the sum of $250,000
is too much to place in the discretion of any man
to expend. I tnink it would be much better to
add a proviso repealing the law; and I confess I
was surprised the other day, that the House,
with this clause staring them in the fact , should
undertake to distribute $180,000 worth of books,
by a resolution of their own, without the con-
currence of the Senate. I think it would be
better now, that we should reduce this contingent
fund to $70,000, insert a clause appropriating
$180,000 to purchase books, and in that clause
repeal the law of 1854, which requires their dis-
tribution to be authorized by both Houses of
Congress.
Mr. PHELPS. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from South Carolina, although 1
am in favor of some modification of the amend-
ment of the Committee of Ways and Means. As
I am in favor of such modification, I desire to
say that the amendment of the committee was
acted on during my absence. It is my wish that
the amendment submitted by the Committee of
Ways and Means shll be modified so as to
express the sum which shall be appropriated for
the purchase of books to be distributed among
the new members of the House of Representa-
tives. The estimates show that, to supply books
for members entitled to them, and in cases of
vacancies where new members shall be elected,
&c., there will be required the sum of $186,000.
Again, there is an additional estimate presented
which is unusual in its amount. I mean the item
of pay and mileage of persons who have con-
tested the seats of members and Delegates. It
amounts to $20,000. Deducting these amounts
we have left $44,000 for the purpose of defraying
the miscellaneous expenditures of the House of
Representatives. I am of opinion that, perhaps,
that amount is not too great at the present time.
Therefore, if the gentleman from Onio will mod-
ify his amendment m the manner I have indicated,
the proposition, I think, will be satisfactory.
There is another reason why it should be
adopted. The law which the gentleman from
South Carolina has cited precludes the expendi-
ture of this money for the purchase of books for
new members, unless it be so specified; and I am
in favor of so specifying it in the appropriation
bill as it has been done in preceding appropriation
bills, under resolutions of a similar character.
Mr. ORR, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will modify the amend-
ment as suggested by my colleague on the Com-
mittee of \V"ays and 'Means. I modify it so as
to provide for miscellaneous items the sum of
$70,000, and add at the end of the amendment
$182,000for books; $182,000 will provide forone
hundred and thirty-four new members, three
vacancies, and four deaths.
The Clerk read the amendment as modified, as
follows:
For miscellaneous items, $7,000.
For books voted to the members of the House of Repre
sentatnes by the resolution of said House of July 7,1856
§18*2,765 85.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I propose an amendment
to the amendment, not from the Committee of
Ways and Means, but on my own account. It
is as follows:
For extra compensation to the clerks, sergeant-al-arnis,
and reporters of the Kansas investigating committee, -«i00
cach, $2,400. .
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise to a question of
order. There is no existing law authorizing any
such appropriation, and the amendment is there-
fore not in order under the 81st rule.
Mr. PHELPS. I will make a suggestion.
The investigation which took place in Kansas
was under a resolution of this House. Ten thou-
sand dollars was appropriated for that purpose,
and the committee was vested with full power *.o
employ assistant sergeants-at-urms and clerks
at such compensation as they deem d just and
proper. The committee have executed that power,
and I am unwilling to revise it. I think the point
of order is well taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the point of order is well taken, and that
the amendment is out of order.
Mr. SAVAGE. I move to amend ihe amend-
ment by adding a proviso that the clerk shall dis-
tribute none but new books to the members of
