30$
APPENDIX TO THfi eOWGHESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Ebction—Mr. Barbour,
Ho. op Reps.
system of large farms, and the decrease of her
small holdings, driving her small farmers Irom
the soil into the cities, or forcing them to emi-
grate. She cannot now, it is said, raises a regiment
in the Highlands. The Highlanders have mostly
gone to the sea-shore and to the cities, and many
of them have emigrated. The population of
Great Britain has not diminished as a matter of
fact, though it has not increased in proportion;
but the population in her rural districts has dimin-
ished, not only in Scotland and Ireland, but in i
many counties of England. This has been owing
to the system of which I speak, turning so much
land into grazing, diminishing the number of her :
farm-laborers, and lessening still more materially
the number of those who held by their own ten- :
ure, either by long leases, or as owners of the |
soil. In that particular, I have no doubt herj;
system has a very great tendency to diminish the
strength of any nation. I believe gentlemen will ;
bear me witness, that nothing so much weakens i J
the power of a State as the system of large farms, j ]
and a scarcity of men—owners of the soil. Eng- j
land, in that respect, may be experiencing the
truth of what one of her own poets has pre-
dicted:
" 111 (area the land, to hastening ills a prey,
Where wealth accumulates and men decay."
Nevertheless she is a great nation; she is one
of the first and most powerful on the face of the
earth. She is not yet in decrepitude and decay;
and, for the sake of civilization, I trust in God she
never may be. She is yet mistress of the seas.
She is able to contend with any people in the
world at the present moment. It is useless for
us to speak of a war with England as if it were
a very trivial matter. I believe, with my friend :
from New York, that we are even more rich and
more powerful in all the essential elements neces-
sary to a protracted warfare than she is. We
are more rich in that pellicular element which is
necessary above all others—men. I believe that,
in the long run, if we had a protracted contest, we
should be her conqueror. Why ? Because we
are young and strong and vigorous and increas-
ing, and our people are a martial people. But,
sir, it is almost impossible to contemplate the
consequences v^ich must accrue to us in such a
warfare before that period could arrive.
Gentlemen have spoken of the Navy of Eng-
land in comparison with ours. I admit its infinite
superiority; and yet I believe that, in no very
long time after the commencement of a contest
with England, we should be her superior, even
on the waters, because of our much greater facil-
ity for ship-building. Take a single fact in our
statistics. Duringeach of the last three years,
the State of which I am a citizen has added more
sailing tonnage to the world than the British
Islands. To oe sure, Maine builds a very large
portion of the sailing tonnage of the Union. We
have an immense number of mechanics fitted for
that description of work. Our commercial marine
is already foremost in the world. We have all
the materials within our own borders. We are
strong enough to protect ourselves at home, not
only against Great Britain, but against the world
in arms, I doubt not that, in case a contest should
arise, a. few years would show us to be her supe-
rior; but it would be at the expense of sufferings
and losses, physical and moral, wliicli it sickens
the human heart to contemplate. I repeat, sir,
that nothing but stern necessity, the protection
of national honor or essential national interests,
would ever, at this period of the world, justify
any people in braving the consequences which
must follow in the footsteps of war.
Senators then may ask what will yau do ? The
question becomes a practical one, and suppose !
Great Britain persists in holding on to this col- I
ony, how do you propose to act ? My answer is i
that I would content myself with protesting, and
occupying our present position, for the reason
that we shall lose nothing, but may gain every-
thing by keeping still. The treaty does not lose
its vitality by the lapse of time. Great Britain
can gain no rights by anything that she does in
relation to that territory; for there is the treaty
Btftring her. in the face at any period of time when
we, choose to enforce it.
, 1 admit that we must have.a right of transit
across. Central America, if that be the best, the
shortest, and the most available route to our
| Pacific possessions. Not only must this be so,
but, without the treaty, if the treaty had never
| been made, I would insist, so far as other Gov-
j ernmenta are concerned, that we should never
! allow ourselves to be deprived of the benefit of
j this route. It would be an unfriendly act towards
j us, on the part of any foreign Government, to
seize or to fortfy any part of the Isthmus, with a
view to appropriate it to its own purposes, or to
prevent our passage over it. It would be an
equally unfriendly act for any foreign Power to
make a treaty with the Governments of Central
America, which should exclude us from an equal
participation in all routes across that territory,
if such a route were necessary for our purposes,
I should consider an act of that nature on the
part of a foreign Government, even without this
treaty, as a cause of war. I am ready to say
that, on this point, I hold to the Monroe doctrine,
to a certain extent; namely, that whenever, in
process of time, our substantial interests are
interfered with, and we are required to assert that
principle in order to protect them, the law of
nations justifies us in saying to any Power on
the face of the earth, who voluntarily throws itself
in the way of our necessities, that, cost- what it
may, she shall stand out of our path.
We need not the treaty for any such purpose
as this. For the great object which we have in
view we should allow our country to go on in
peace and quiet. What we need more than all
other things is thirty years more of peaceful
progress—a single generation of uninterrupted
peace. At the end of that time we shall be by
far the greatest nation on the face of the earth,
unless all history is felse. Great Britain, at the
end of thirty years, in all human probability,
will not be able to compete with us. Do you
suppose, sir, that we can be denied a free transit
across Central America, with our great and in-
creasing power, by any steps which may be taken
by any nation to place itself in our way there ?
Such an idea is beyond the range'of human pos-
sibility. Our people will go there, and will use
force, if necessary, if that be the only mode of
accomplishing and maintaining a communication
between.the two great portions of this fast-grow-
ing country. They will rush across that Isthmus
in waves as regular, as multitudinous, and as
resistless as the waves of the ocean, and no hu-
man hand can keep them back to the shore.
But, sir, before we ever come to that point, let
us have all the time we can. gain for the peaceful
Eursuits of life. Let us pass over the treaty which
as been made, and rest quietly on the rights
which we have as a nation from our natural po-
sition. Let us wait, however, till the proper time
comes to assert them, when we shall be strong
enough to assert them in the proper mode. Still
I would not abrogate the treaty. I would not
abrogate it because we may want to hold it up,
at some future day, to the eyes of Great Britain.
We may have occasion to say to her: " Here is
your compact* Tell us not that you have been
founding and sustaining the Bay Island colony;
here is your agreement not to occupy or colonize.
Tell us not that you have been gaining territory
by possession; we did not look after you, for we
' had your bond that you never would take such
; possession." I would not part with the treaty
for this reason. I would not part with it for an-
j other reason, which was, I think, alluded to by
the honorable Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Bell.] We need something to control ourselves;
to regulate our own lust of conquest and the de-
sire to extend our own dominion.
Sir, 1 am a manifest-destiny man, in one sense
of the term. I believe that we must continue to
acquire territory; and there, I think, is our great
danger. It should be our object to hold the people
of this country back just so long as we can. We
have already more territory than we can use in
the next generation. If we are to acquire more,
let it be the natural accretion of civilization—not
the acquisition of force; not the result of too anx-
iotiB a desire to do now what must inevitably be
accomplished in the course of time. If extension
of our territory be brought about from time to
time, by the necessities arising from our growth
and our strength—if it goes on gradually, and in
such a manner that we can reduce to order that
which we obtain, and not suffer from the usual
! dangers which accompany great acquisitions of
j territory—be it go. If it turns out, as I trust it
will, that our form of government is all that is
; necessary to accomplish this purpose, well, let it
' do the work to which it was appointed by Provi-
dence.
But, sir, if we are to acquire by the sword, by
force—as Rome did—countries far distant from
us, differing from us in language, in spirit, and
character—or, if we are to acquire them by hasty
or fraudulent negotiation, and follow the example
of Great Britain, by which she lias, in fact, weak-
ened herself at home—we shall experience the
natural inevitable consequences. The resultwill
be, that we shall have a heterogeneous mass of
material, heaped up together, without order, and
' bringing with it confusion, and disorder, and dis-
union. In my judgment, sir, we shall do well to
beware, lest, in gazing foolishly on mad, ambi-
tious fires, we at last perish in the blaze.
Mr. President, I wish now, before concluding
my remarks, to say a few words upon the bill
before the Senate. I shall vote against its pas-
sage as I voted against its engrossment. One
objection, which was made at the time by the
Senator from Tennessee, has been partially re-
moved, and the bill has been made somewhat
more definite than it was. But still I doubt the
propriety of making so large an appropriation for
such objects, without a more particular estimate;
without anything, in fact, to show its present ne-
cessity. 1 can see no propriety in voting so large
an amount without all those explanations which
are usually given for the appropriation of the
public money. It strikes me, also, that this
measure, connected with other things which have
occurred here, is calculated to have a tendency to
keep up the idea of war, which I am so desirous
to keep down. Gentlemen deny that the bill has
any allusion, or reference whatever to the present
condition of affairs between this country and Eng-
land. If hostilities are apprehended, the amount
appropriated by the bill is a small sum for such
a great object; but if the bill has no reference to
our relations with England, why do not the com-
mittee explain in detail what they need, and what
the necessities of the country at this juncture are.
I shall vote against the bill because it proposes
to appropriate large amounts in gross, without
detail, without sufficient explanation, and without
that clear exposition of necessity, which in my
judgment ought always to be furnished to Con-
gress before asking it to place such large sums of
money at the disposal of the Executive.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
SPEECH OF HON. L. BARBOUR,
OF INDIANA,
I  the House of Representatives,
March 18,1856,
On the Resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
in the Contested-Election Case from the Territory of
Kansas, and the amendments thereto.
Mr. BARBOUR said:
Mr. Speaker: Wei have now three proposi-
tions before the House. Each contemplates its
peculiar mode for conducting the investigation of
alleged wrongs in Kansas. Some of these prop-
ositions are evidently calculated to embarrass or
suppress investigation. Those who advocate the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Bennett,] insist that it is not
competent for this House to proceed in the in-
quiry proposed by the committee. The question'
before us is not, in substance, whether we shall
proceed in this inquiry in one mode or the other,
but whether we shall order an investigation at all.
The honorable gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Hall,] who has just taken his seat, professes to
be in favor of an investigation; but he desires
that it shall be conducted subject to certain rules
and regulations, which would prohibit the com-
mittee from inquiring into the validity of the late
Territorial Legislature, and forbid all inquiry
into the validity of the election laws, and the cer-
tificates. of the election. He is opposed: to an
investigation upon the basis proposed by the
