316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
gentlemen who were in the Democratic caucus,
that-here are Mr. Feller's thirty-two friends, to
begin with, who have served notice upon us, " we
are not there to vote for your man." They will
not vote for any of us. They notify us of that in
advance, and then they sa^ to us, " Come, let us
go into this thing, and see if it cannot be worked
out; if it does not elect one man, it may elect
another." Weare asked to go into it under these
circumstances, with the distinct knowledge, and
with our eyes Wide open to the fact, that the " Na-
tional Americans" in this House are not going to
vote for any one of the caucus members of the
Democratic party! Well, now, I should think
that we fire hardly green enough to agree to that.
I should hardly think that any party here, num-
bering even only a dozen members, would be will-
ing to start out with their adversaries upon an
arrangement which would exclude all their own
preferences from even a chance of stumbling into
the speakership. Then, sir, it seems to me that
the gentleman's proposition will not work out as
he supposes; and I, therefore, withdraw the
amendment to insert Mr. Orr's name, and move
to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. Well, on
that motion, I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw his motion for a few mo-
ments. [Loud crics of "No! no!"]
Mr. LETCHER. I will do so, with the assur-
ance that the gentleman will renew it before he
takes his seat.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; I will renew-it.
It seems to me that the difficulty that accompanies
thatresolutionis, thatafteryou have gone through
with the roll, and voted two hundred and thirty-
four times, you still will not have elected a Speaker,
unless some member shall have received a majority
of the votes of the whole House. I cannot,
therefore, sec that by the adoption of that reso-
lution, you would approximate one single step
towards the election of a Speaker. It is perfectly
competent forany gentleman here, upon any day,
to move that A, B, C, or D, be Speaker of tins
House, and, if he receives a majority vote, he is
Speaker. That is precisely what the gentleman's
resolution contemplates, and it may just as well
bo done without going through the entire roll.
Now, I desire to suggest to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Whitney,] that if he wants to
do anything practical, if he wishes to present a
resolution that will result in the election of a
Speaker, he should so modify it as to say that
the candidate receiving the highest number of
votes when the roll is called .shall be Speakcrjand
then I will vote for it. Rut I shall vote to lay
the resolution in its present shape upon the table.
It is merely an instrument for the consumption
of an indefinite amount of time. If I understand
it, during the action of the House under that re-
striction notlung else will be in order, and when
you have gone through the labor prescribed by
ft, you will be no nearer the election of a Speaker
than you were when you commenced. It would
result in nothing. For these reasons I renew the
motion to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. PAINE. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
will withdraw that motion.
Mr. STANTON, It is not under my control.
I renewed it under a pledge given to the gentle-
man from Virginia.
iVir. PAINE. Then I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw it?
Mr. LETCHER. Will you renew it?
Mr. PAINE. Yes, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. With that understanding, I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. PAINE. I approve of the resolution which
has been offered by the gentleman from New York,
because it obviafes all the difficulty which arises
from these caucus nominations. It will be re-
membered that the name of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] was offered the other day,
and that he could have been elected. The reason
that gentlemen have given as an excuse for not
electing him is, that he was not the caucus nomi-
nee. So, loo, the honorable gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] could have been elected; and
the reason that the Democrats have given for not
electing him is, that he was not the caucus nomi-
nee. Now, if we adopt this resolution, we shall
have no caucus nominees, and gentlemen will be
absolved from their allegiance to caucus nomina-
tions. . I think that it is the only feasible propo-
sition that has ever been submitted to this House,
whereby we may have any reasonable expectation
of arriving at an election; and I hope that it will
be adopted.
Mr. DAVIDSON addressed the Clerk, and
was recognized.
Mr. PAINE. I have'promised to renew the
motion to lay the resolution on the table, and,
although I shall vote against it, I now, in accord-
ance with my promise, renew that motion.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to say a few words
onjj*
The CLERK. Debate is not in order, if the
motion to lay on the table is insisted on.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw it.
Mr. DAVIDSON. The gentleman from North
Carolina says that the Democratic party gave as a
reason why they did not vote for Mr. Smith, of
Virginia, and why Mr. Smith was not elected, that
they had a caucus nomination. I desire to say,
in reply to that remark> that, so far as. I arn con-
cerned, being a member of that party, and proud
of my position, I have made no such excuse
for not voting for Mr. Smith; and, when the
time comes to give my reasons for the vote I
gave, I pledge myself to the gentleman, and to
the House, to fall behind no such breastwork as
that. I desire also to remark to the gentleman
from North Carolina, that the evidence and the
record will prove that it was not in the power of
the Democratic party to elect Mr. Smith upon
that occasion; and it will show, beyond that, sir,
a circumstance that may require the gentleman
and his friends to explain: it will show that there
was that sort of understanding between Know
Nothingism and Republicanism here, which would
inducc some thirteen gentlemen who belong to
the Republican party to sit here in their chairs
and decline to vote upon that proposition, with
a view of putting the Democratic party wrong
before this House and the country.
Mr. PAINE. I will interrupt the gentleman
for one moment. I call upon him, emphatically,
for his authority for saying that there was any
such understanding.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I do not say that there
was any understanding, but simply that there
was the appearance of it.
Mr. PAINE. I insist upon knowing his au-
thority.
Mr. DAVIDSON. The record presents the
appearance of such an understanding1. Compare
the vote on the resolution to elect Mr. Smith
Speaker with the vote preceding that.
Mr. PAINE. I call upon any man in this
House to say if there was any understanding
between the gentlemen who have been voting for
Mr. Fuller and the Republicans in relation to
that question. -
Mr. DAVIDSON. I repeat, that I did not say
there was any understanding, but that there was
the appearance of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have here a list of the
names of those gentlemen who failed to vote on
the proposition of Mr. Carlile, declaring Mr.
Smith Speaker, but who did vote on the questions
immediately preceding that, and on the last vote
for Speaker taken on that day.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I ask my friend from Ala-
bama to read the names.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will do so. There were
twelve members of the Republican party, and
besides those there were Messrs. Haven, Porter,
Bayard Clark, Stephens, William Smith, and
Bell. The Republicans are—Messrs. Bingham,
Bishop, Giddings, Granger, Kelsey, Killian
Miller, Pettit, Ritchie, Stanton, Simmons,
Todd, and Watson.
Mr. TODD. I beg the gentleman's pardon;
I do not belong 10 the Republican party.
Mr. HOUSTON. Those gentlemen, or nearly
all of them, voted, I understand, upon the vote
taken immediately before that, and they all voted
during that day on the vote for Speaker. Mr.
Ritchie had paired off with Mr. Stephens, I
believe; and Messrs. Haven, Porter, Bayard
Clark, William Smith, and Bell did not vote.
I have no desire to consume the time of the
gentleman from Louisiana. I have made this
statement, without referring in any way to any
understanding that may have been alluded to. Of
that I have nothing to say. But it is very evi-
dent that gentlemen did sit in their seats and failed
to vote, and did it with the purpose of enabling
gentlemen who might choose to do it, like the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Paine,] to
charge that the election of a Speaker was within
the reach of the Democratic party in this House.
I do not charge that there was any concert be-
tween the Republicans and any other party; but
I do charge the fact, a!nd they dare not ana can-
not deny it, that gentlemen on the Republican
side of the House did sit in their seats and decline
to vote, because they desired to make it appear,
by withholding their votes, that Governor Smith
could have been elected by Democratic votes.
That is the truth; and I am glad this matter has
been brought forward by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Paine,] in order that the
correction may go to the country? and show the
duplicity of men who will sit in their seats, and
permit the impression of a fact to be created,
which they know has no foundation.
Mr. PAlNE. I'desire to make an inquiry of
the gentleman from Alabama.
The CLERK. The gentleman is out of order.
Mr. PAINE. I propose to ask the question,
with the permission of the gentleman from Lou-
isiana.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I have no objection.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman from Ala-
bama whether he voted for Mr. Smith ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I voted against that resolu-
tion, and I would do so again.
Mr. TODD. Will the gentleman from Lou-
isiana permit me to say a word ?
Mr. DAVIDSON. Certainly.
Mr. TODD. My name was read over, with
those of others, by the gentleman from Alabama.
He has charged that I and other gentlemen
remained in our seats at the time the vote was
taken on the resolution to which he has referred,
for the purpose of creating a false impression.
Mr. HOUSTON. I stated that there were gen-
tlemen who remained in their seats and did not
vote.
Mr. TODD. Well, I will say to the gentle-
man, that so far as the remark that gentlemen
remained in their seats and did not vote, for the
purpose of creating a false impression on the
country, is intended to have any application to
me, there is no truth in the allegation. I was
incidentally out of my seat, but did not leave it
for the purpose of avoiding a vote. Had I been
in my seat I should have voted against the reso-
lution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I stated expressly that there
were gentlemen who remained in their seats, and
declined to vote, as is shown by the record of the
vote next preceding that declaring Mr. Smith
Speaker.
Mr. DAVIDSON, (resuming.) I have to say
now that I am opposed to the resolution offered
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Whit-
ney,] bccausc it places me, as a Democrat, in the
position of doing tihat indirectly which I would
not do directly. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. HUMPHREY MARSHALL. I demand
the yeas and nays upon the motion to lay upon
the table. *
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOYCE. I call for the readingof the res-
olution again.
The resolution was again read. ^
The question was then put; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 153, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Banks,
Baiboui, Barksdale, Bell, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Benson, Billmghuist, Bingham, Bliss, Bocock, Brad-
shaw, Branch, Brenton, Buffington, Builingame, Burnett,
Cadwaladcr, James H. Campbell, Caruthers, Oaskie, Chaf-
fee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cragin,
Crawford, Ciunback, Damrell, Davidson, Timothy Davis,
Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Dur-
i>e, Edmimrisou, Elliott, English, Florence, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, ftitidings, Gilbert, Goodo, Granger, Greenwood,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Hams, Hickman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Hous-
ton, Howard, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones,
Kelsey, Kidwell, King, Knapp, Knight, Know I ton, Knox,
Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S, Marshall, Matteson,
Maxwell, MeCarty, McMulhn, McQueen, Meaeham, Smith
Miller, Mill-son, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Munay, Nichols,
Norton, Andiew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver. Orr, Packer, Par-
ker, Pearce, Peck, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Phelps, Pike,
Powell, Pringle, Purvianoe, Quitman, Richardson. Robbins,
Roberts, Ruffin, Rust, Sabin, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Sher-
man, Shorter, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stewait, Stran-
ahan, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thormgton, Thuiston,
Vail, yVade, Wakeman, Walbridgc, Waldron, Warner,
