1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
consideration by the Senate on Thursday last,
and it was postponed until to-day at one and a
half o'clock; it seems to me, therefore, that it has
precedence.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. There are sev-
eral unfimshi d bills which occupy the same posi-
tion. The first business in order is the bill to
increase the efficiency of the Army; the next is
the motion to print ten thousand additional copies
of the President's message relating to affairs in
Kansas.
Mr. BUTLER. On Thursday I made the
motion to postpone the resolutions of the Senator
from Georgia until one o'clock to-day; and, ac-
cording t© my understanding, good faith requires
us to take up that business and postpone ail
other. The Senator from North Carolina has
the floor upon that question, and courtesy to him ,
requires that we should proceed with it.
How the Senator from Michigan came to the
conclusion that there was no quorum the other
day I do not know. He may have been correct
in the fact; but it was not ascertained in any par-
liamentary manner that there was no quorum
here, and it was competent for the body (there
-being no such ascertainment) to give this special
order precedence of ail others; and that was the
action of the body then. The Senate may change
that order if they think proper; but I can see no
good reason why we should be so eager to fake
up these bills which, like Aaron's rod, swallow
up all others, because the money goes for the ben-
efit of certain local sections of the country. I
think good faith requires us to take up the resolu-
tions in regard to the naval board, both in cour-
tesy to the Senator from North Carolina, and 111
justice to the parties whose rights have been af-
fected by the action of the board, and who are
here now unable to say what course they will
take in life until their cases ore disposed of. That
subject ought Jo he taken up.
I know that perhaps the sensibilities of indi-
viduals are not to be consulted in prifercncc to
the pouring out of money to make canals and
open rivers. I know they are not considerations
likely to affect a purpose of that kind; but, if 1
understand the subject fairly,good fauh requires
us to proceed with the discussion on the naval
board question and dispose of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Michigan to
postpone oil prior orders and proceed to the con-
sideration of the river and harbor bills.
Mr. WADE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 19, nays 22; as follows: t
YEAS—Me^sr*. Roll of Tennessee, Jioni.num, Cn«, ;
Collamer, Dodge, Du!lv<, Foot, Fo'tci, Hamlin, IJ.ulan, 1
James, Jones of Iowa, Seward, ^tuait, ^unim-i, Wade,
Wcller, Wjlfon, and YViight —l'l.
NAYS—Messrs. Adai.iC. Alien. Bavird, B'ltis Butler, !
Clay, Chittenden, Evans. Fuzp.unck, llale, Hunter, Ivet-
son, Johnson, Jon<^ of Tenm see, Malloiy. Pii-'h, )lcid, |
Slide!!, Toombs, Toucey, Tiumbull, and Yulec—j
So the motion was not agreed to. !
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.' ,
On motion of Mr. IVERSON, the Senate i
resumed the consideration of the following reso-
lutions, submitted by him on the 29th of Febru- |
ary: !
Resolved, Thata committee of Senator?be appointed
by the Chair, with power to send for pci^oiif and papcis, ■
and that said committee hj. and <u e heieby. uuthoiized and
instructed to siuamnn inMoie it the membeis of the late
<•' naval remind board." or Mich ot them as may be eonve- •
menliy btouglu b-tore the committee, and examine iheui ;
upon oath a> to the fact- and evidence, grounds and ie.\- :
son*, upon which the action of said hoaid was tounded in
each ea^e of the ollicei s recommended to he put upon the ,
retued li«t. or dtopped irom the >eivice ; and that said eom- ,
imtloe he turth'er ui-tructed to mquue and obtain any other
fact? which, in then opinion, may heai upon the eases
albiOoaid, and report the *ame to the Senate. 1
*>ind be it further retired, That s.ud committee be au-
tbouzed and instructed to advi-e and consult with the
Pict-ident ot the Unifd States in lelaiiou to the e<i>cs of
baid rctned and dropped ofiW'D-. with the view of correct- j
in* am oiroi or injustice which may have been committed
by'tlte"action of said retiring boaai, by tue leappointment ;
or relation In the Picsid'Mit of <--uch ofiicei* a-? may have
been unjustly oi nnpioporly retired or diopped. |
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator j
from North Carolina [Mr. Biggs] is entitled to j
the floor on these resolutions. t '
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If the honorable
Senator from North Carolina wishes to go on and ,
occupy the attention of the Senate now, I have ;
no objection. In that case. I shall ask the pu\ * .
ilege of following him. The honorable Senator
having obtained the floor on Thursday afternoon,
seems to be, by courtesy, entitled to the atten-
tion of the Senate in making his remarks now,
if he chooscs. I will defer to him altogether, and
will succeed him, or precede him, as he may
think proper.
Mr. BIGCtS. As the Senator from Tennessee
has expressed a desire to be heard on a matter
connected with this subject, somewhat personal
to himself, of course I give way to that Senator,
so that he may make such remarks as he thinks
proper on this occasion,
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, proceeded to address
the Senate in defense of Lieutenant M. F. Maury,
in reply to the speech of Mr. Clayton. With-
out concluding, iie yielded the floor at the sugges-
tion of several Senators who desired an execu-
tive session.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion of Mr MALLORY, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlpr'tl 28, 1S5G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the unfinished business of Friday, " Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the JLIoiwo?" On that question the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Galloway] calls for the previous
question. Is there a second 5
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The House is
very thin, and before proceeding to the business
regularly m order I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk then proceeded with the call; and be-
fore it was completed,
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the '-all be dispensed with.
Mr.°GREEXWOOD. I trust that, as the call
has been commenced, it will be gone through
with, and the names of the absentees read.
The motion was disagreed to.
The names of the absentees were then read, as
follows:
Allen. Alh-on.Bali, Barbour, Bavly,B<d), Timvi",
Bi.uich, Hrook . C(uhvaiade>, Jam<v H C truth-
pi-, Caskic. ("mills. Ibwatd Ciaikc.Claw-on. Comms.,L'nl-
Icn, Danir -11,i).i \ T>e Witt, Dick. Dunn, Durl'ec, Kibe, Kd-
waid',#lhon, Ea-rn-h, Ethrud -?, Eu-ti- . J'.uilknci, Ko-tcr,
Ilcmy M. Pull'T. Gianni, Hobei* B Hall, Thomas L Har-
ris-. lierbett, Hickman, Hou-ton, Howard, J. Giancy Jones,
K-Msey, Kunke!, Lake, Ale\andcr K. Mai^hall, Meacham.
John G. Miliej. Mill-on, Milhvaid. Mooie, Murray, Norton,
iMord-'pai Oliver, Packei, Peaicc. Pennington, Pettit. Reade,
Rieaud, Ru«t. tfage, riherman, Samuel A Smith, William
Smith, Stephens Stcwait, Suope, Ty-on, Underwood,
(Jadwaladei C. Wa-hhume, Watkins, William*, and Wood.
Mr. BRANCH, whose name appears in the
lUl of absentees, entered the Hall before the coll
of the roll had been concluded, and requested
that his vote might be recorded.
The SPEAKER stared that it could only be
done by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The SPEAKER. Under the call, the Chair
mu?d now order the doors to be closed.
Mr. PR1NGLE. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the erul be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Pending the above call.
Mr. MORGAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Svgf., Iwd mJred oiT with Mr. Wikslow. _
Mr. JONES, of Tennes* o. stated that his col-
league, ]\Xr. AVatkiks, had }>aired oil with Mr.
Murray until tlie 7th of next month.
Mr. BARliOUR stated that he hud paired oft
with Ins colleague, Mr. En'glisii. _
Mr. I*LORENCE stated that he had paired oil
with his colleague, Mr. Kcjnkel.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury DiCKixfe, their Secretary, announcing that 1
that bodv had passed an act denning the duties of
commissioners of elections in the city of Wash-
ington, and for other purposes, and asking the
concurrence of the House therein. .
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney "Webster, his Pri-
vate Secretary, notifying the House that he did,
on the 18th instant, approve and sign a bill of the
following- title:
An act to authorize the issue of a register to
the brig Echo of Boston;
And on the 23d instant, bills and joint resolution
of the following titles:
An act to change the times of holding the
United States courts in the southern district of
Illinois;
Joint resolution relating to the public lands ap-
pertaining to the Springfield and Harper's Ferry
armories, and the North Carolina arsenal;
An act for the relief of Mary E. Tillman;
An act to continue half pay to Mrs. Lewright
Browning for a further term of five years;
An act ynaking appropriation for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending tho
30th of June. 18^7; and
An act to repeal part of an act entitled " A.n
act to provide for the safe-keeping of the acts,
records, and seal of the United States, and for
other purposes."
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. NICHOLS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a personal explanation.
No objection was made.
Mr. NICHOLS said: I have been waiting for
some days until my colleague from the third dis-
trict of Ohio [Mr. Campbell] should resume his
seat, in order to make a personal explanation. I
find in the Cincinnati Daily Commercial of the
17th instant a report of what purports to have
been a speech made by my honorable colleague
[Mr. Campbfu.] to a portion of his constituents
at his own home. With the mass of matter
contained in that report, sir, I have nothing to do;
but in that speech there is an allu&ion made to two
gentlemen from my own State, who are claimed
to have been applicants for the printing of this
House, and 1 think the remarks of my colleague,
as reported, implicate me, to some extent, in a
connection with those two gentlemen in their
efforts.
I will now read a paragraph from the reported
speech. My colleague in reported as saying:
"Before he ((^mpbki.l) withdrew, there was no caucus
of the anti Nebraska men. If there, had been, he would
hav.x hern nominated. But theje was a considerable num-
ber «o bitterh opposed to him that they would not have
gone to caucus. Some even of the Oluo members were
agaim-thim all the time. Ho would he understood to allude
p°utieul;ui> to Nichols, who^e dibtriet he (C.) had Mumped
ibr him by townships, neglecting Ins own- Tiie ditficuliy
was in tiie printing business. Why such eagerness for a
New England Speaker? Because, with a New England
Speaker, the printing, it \va« expected, would be conceded
t« the West, and Schoulei and Follctt would grasp the golden
ptize ; while, ifthcrc wa^ a western Speaker, the printing
would have to be given to ^omc eastern man. Theie was
the tight place. The so-rallcd contest uas not about the
,Speaker* It v-o$ the printing and the binding behind it.,y
I ask my colleague if that is a correct report of
his remarks upon that occasion ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, i prefer to hear all tho
gentleman has to say before I put myself before
the House. I will state to my colleague, how-
ever, in reply to his question, that the report of
flir: speech which I made at Hamilton, as it ap-
peared in the Cincinnati Commercial, was by no
means perfect; and had my colleague been as pai-
ticulnr to toliowup the subject aii he has been to
examine the remarks as reported, he would have
found that, within a day or two after the appear-
ance of that report, I took occasion to say to the
editor that it was, m many important points,
erroneous and impertinent.
1 will say now to my colleague that, whenever
I wish to make an assault upon his integrity, I
will do it in some way that will leave no doubt
upon the pubject, or room for equivocation as to
responsibilities incurred. I did not utter one word
in my Hamilton speech that, by any reasonable
or fair construction, could be tortured into any
charge against the integrity of my colleague. 1
did say, and I repeat it here, that I believed then,
and I believe now, that the printing, and other
matteis in which money was involved, had much
to do with the delay in the organization of this
House. But, Mr. Speaker, I did not impute to
