1856}
APPGrtDKt TO TUB ©iOWGlSfcBSlOIfAL mmtf.
m
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Etecliorb*--Mr. Barbour.
Ho>. os" REPS.
committee. He insists that we h*v« no right to !
inquire whether the Legislature of Kansas Ter- !
ritory was legally constituted; that we have no 1
right to inquire into its origin; and that the laws
enacted by that body are binding upon the coun-
try and upon this House.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is my purpose to show
that it is our duty to use all the means within our
power to bring all the facts before this House i
and before the country; to do it by strict rules of1
law, but without regard to technicalities. In the I
investigation of frauds, violence, and corruption, j
forms of law, merely, cannot be interposed. I
Forms of law, of legislative, or executive, or ju-
dicial proceedings, cannot legalize fraud .violence, :
tfnd corruption. We have referred this matter
to a standing committee of the House, and, in the
discharge of their duty, they ask the House for
authority to send for persons and papers—a
power which has always heretofore been granted
to a committee when asked for. The committee
have stated in their report the facts which are
alleged before them by the contestant, and have
given their reasons why they ask for this author-
ity. Some authority of this kind must be granted
to this committee, or to a select committee. It
would be according to precedents to grant this
request. It would be contrary to the custom of
the House to constitute another committee for
the investigation of a matter which properly be- ]
longs to the Committee of Elections. They have !
the responsibility of the matter; let them control
the action.
I have said that the allegations of the Contestant
are before us. The minority of the committee
in their report, and the gentlemen who have
spoken upon the other side of the House, say, in
answer, that if these charges are true, still it is not
competent for the House to inquire into them,
or take any notice of them; that they belong to
another forum; that they have been passed upon
and settled elsewhere, and thatthis House,as well !
as all other departments of the Government, are
bound by the decision. This, Mr. Speaker, is a
fair statement of their position.
Now, let us see what those facts are, and then
we will apply to the facts the principles of Amer-
ican jurisprudence and politics, and inquire
whether it is competent for this House to pursue
the investigation of this fraud and violence to
their source—whether it is competent for this
House to follow the tracks of the monster even
to his hiding-place?
I read the following extract from the statement
of the contestant, relating to the election of the
Legislature which enacted the laws for the elec-
tion of Delegate, the laws disfranchising all the
inhabitants who would not swear to support sla-
very in Kansas, and the laws requiring the pay-
ment of a dollar by strangers for a certificate
authorizing them to vote. The contestant, among
Other things, makes the following statement:
"That immediately before the 30th day of March last,
being the day fixed for the election of a Legislature for the
Territory of HanMs, large bodies of men, without preten-
sions to residence in tiie Territory, came over from the
neighboring counties of the State of Missouri,.armed and
organized into companies, with their proper leaders, and
supplied with provisions, fodder, accommodations for camp-
ing, ammunition, and, in one case at least, with artillery.
Thai they marched into the Territory witb banners and
martial music, and encamped in parUes in the vicinity of
different election polls, shortly before the said elecUon, for
the purpose of preventing the people of the Territory from
electing members of the Legislative Assembly, as provided
by the act of Congress, of tilting the power into their own
Hands; and by intimidation or violence taking possession of
the polls, and themselves going through the form of electing-
members at the Legislature, some of whom thus elected
wete non-residents of the Territory.
" That tlie country having been so recently Bettled, and
the people, as yet, few and sparse, and comparatively un-
Imown to each other, unorganized and unprovided with
resources of any kind, were, of course, compelled to sub-
mit.
" "That ia the first election district there were, from six
hundred to one thousand of these invaders on the ground,
who declared that they came to vote, and would vote at all
hazards of life and property; and, accordingly, did vote,
outnumbering the inhabitants, and by their violent conduct
deterring them from voting.
"That in the second election district, a party of several
hundred of these persons, on being refused leave to vote
without testifying to their residence, made an effort to de-
molish the house in which the election was held, and
Anally, by threats and violence, drove the judges from
the ground, and substituted others from their own body,
whilst the actual residents of the district generally retired
Wtltolr homes,and dectoed voting..
" That in the third election district, several hundred of
them took possession of the polls, with similar manifesta-
tions of violence and intimidatioil; substituted election
officers from among themselves, and took the entire control
of the election, the inhabitants retiring ftom the ground.
" In the fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh election districts, j
similar bodies of men appeared at the polls, with more or
less military organization, and more or less of intimidation
and violence, in each case voting for members of the Le-
gislature as though they resided in the Territory, and pro-
ducing a result different from that which would have hap-
pened if the elections had been controlled by the qualified
voters of the districts.
" That in the sixteenth election district, the election
was controlled by a large number of non-residents, some of
whom had come in organised and armed a day or two be-
fore the election, and established themselves in camps near
the polls, and who returned to their homes in the State of
Missouri immediately after the election; and some of whom
had come from Platte county, Missouri, by steamboat in the
forenoon, voted, and returned home by the steamboat in
the evening; and thus over eleven hundred votes were
polled, of which not over three hundred were cast by actual
inhabitants of the Territory. In the thirteenth election
district, very few, if any, of the actual inhabitants partici-
pated, in consequence of the presence of a large body of
strangers, who took the control of the election, and polled
nearly the entire vote.
" In the eighteenth, (a small district of some twenty or
thirty voters,) a well-armed body of strangers appeared on
the election ground, to the number of about sixty, who
voted, and immediately took up their line of march out of
the district and toward Missouri, their leader being the Hon.
David R- Atchison.
" In the eleventh, fourteenth, and fifteenth election dis-
tricts, the undersigned will endeavor to prove, and believes
he can prove, similar illegal voting."
These are the allegations. The gentlemen upon
the other side answer, that, by the statement of
the case, it appears that we have no right to in-
quire into any such state of facts, because they
say we have no right to go behind a Legislature
or the law. They demur, and ask that judgment
be pronounced upon the case as stated. They
do not desire to put the case in any better situa-
tion for themselves; they do not desire to go into
the examination of witnesses.
Mr. Speaker, we are not without precedents
and authority to establish our position. The
committee have rightly judged that these allega-
tions are material; that, if these things are so, then
the sitting Delegate is notentitled to his seat. It
is true that we have no precedent in any case
which is parallel in all the facts. Thank God,
that our books do not abound in cases of violence
and invasion; but we have numerous precedents
which establish all the principles we contend
for.
The authority of the House to make this in-
quiry is derived from the Constitution. " Each
House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its members." It is argued
by the other side of the House, that the grant,
ex vi termini, is confined to the election and re-
turns; that we cannot inquire into any anterior
facts or proceedings. This, they say, is strict
and correct construction. I have stated their ar-
gument in as strong terms as they have stated it
themselves. Let us examine it. The grant of
! the power to judge, is a grant of all the means
necessary to form a correct and impartial judg-
ment, and the- power to enforce it. The entire
jurisdiction is given, and it is limited only by the
subject-matter. It includes the right and neces-
sity of taking testimony, with all the incidents
and coercions. The inquiry must be compre-
hensive, and embrace all the substantial elements
that enter into the elections and returns. The
jurisdiction is not given by halves, nor in limited '
terms; it is given for a public use, and the pres-
ervation of the Government, and must be so
exercised. In the other end of the Capitol the
majority of the Committee on Territories have
recently made a report upon the state of affairs
in Kansas. In that report the inquiry is made as
to the right of the United States to establish and
maintain a government in Kansas. The commit-
tee maintain that the United States have rightfully
established the government there, and that it is
their duty to sustain it; but they say that the
right is not derived from the clause of the Consti-
tution giving to Congress power to dispose of and I
make all needful rules and regulations for the !
Territory and otherproperty of the United States, j
They say it grows out of the clause of the Con- ;
stitution which provides that " new States may
be admitted byCongressintothisUnion." They
argue, that since Congress may admit new States,'
Congress is thereby invested with the necessary i
power to organize Territories. This is their
language:
" Is not the organization of a Territory eminently neces-
sary and proper, as a means of enabling the people thereof
to form and mold their local and domestic institutions,
and establish a State government, under the authority of
the Constitution, preparatory to its admission into the
Union?"
1 do not mean, by citing this, to express any
approval of the reasoning of the majority of the
Senate committee. I dissent from it. But I cite
it to show how different members of the same
party contrive to shift their position, sometimes
on the strict, and sometimes on the liberal con-
struction, just as the exigency of the occasion
requires. By this rule, it seems that the power
to admit new States implies the power to organize
and continue the government of a Territory; but
the power to judge of the validity of an election
does not imply the right to inquire whether the
time and place of holding an election were desig-
nated by the people of the Territory, and the
rules regulating the same were founded and es-
tablished by fraud and violence. The statement
of the case is a sufficient refutation. This House
has repeatedly held that everything that pertain*
to, or enters into, the elements of an election, it1
properly the subject of inquiry in cases of con-
tests.
I proceed now to notice some of the numerous
cases of contests upon which the House and
Senate have passed. These cases establish the
following positions:
1. This House will examine into the powers
and jurisdiction of State courts, and the validity
of their proceedings. This was the case of Bid-
die «s. Richard, in the Eighteenth Congress. The
contest related to the sitting Delegate from the
Territory of Michigan. He was a native of
France, and had made his application to, and re-
ceived his certificate of naturalization from, the'
court of the county of Wayne, in that Territory.
It was objected, that the court was not competent
to naturalize foreigners. *This objection was en-
tertained by this House, and involved the juris-
diction of the court, and the validity of a certifi-
cate granted by it.
2. This House will examine into the validity
of a State law. This was the case of Barney to.
McCreery, in the Tenth Congress. The contest
related to a member from the State of Maryland.
By-an actof the Assembly of that State, Baltimore
city and county were made the fifth district; enti-
tled to two Representatives, one of which should
be a resident of Baltimore county, and the other*
should be a resident of Baltimore city. The ques-
tion was raised in that case, and entertained by'
the House, whether a law of a State which re-'
quired that a citizen, to be eligible, should reside
in a particular part of the district; and this House
held that the law was unconstitutional and void'.
In .another case, Draper vs. Johnston, in the
Twenty-Second Congress, which related to a con-
test of a member from Virginia, this House enter-
tained a question as to the effect of a State law,
and held that " the law requiring votes to be re-
turned within a limited time was directory only;
and if they were not returned by the time, the
election was not thereby vitiated—they might be
received afterwards."
3. This House will even look into the provis-
ions of State constitutions. This has been done
during the present Congress, in the Senate; and
that body holds the provision in the constitution
of the State of Illinois, in relation to the eligi-
bility of the judges of that State to United Stated
offices, to be void. We have the same question
to pass upon, in this House, at this session.
4. This House will inquire into the legality'
of a Territorial Legislature. This was the eas 
of Randolph vs. Jennings, in the Eleventh Con-
gress, and related to the Delegate from the Terri-
tory of Indiana. The case being referred to the
committee, the question was raised and enter-
tained in the committee, and in the House,
whether the Legislature which enacted the law
under which the election was held was a valid1
Legislature, legally constituted. The question,
was entertained without objection, and that itf
enough to establish the principle. There wa#
also a question as to the regularity of the elec-
tion returns. . Both questions were passed upon
by the House.
