318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
ton, Burlingame, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, Lewis
X). Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,Clawson, Colfax,Cormns,
Covod%, Cox, Cragin, Cumback, Damreli, Henry Winter
Davis, Timothy Davis, D_ay, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Durin, Durfee, Edie,Edmund?on,Etheridge, Eustis,
HenrvM- Fuller, Giddmas, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert
B. Hail, Italian, J. Morrison Hams, Harrison, Haven, Hoff-
man, HLolloway, Thomas R. Hoiton, Howard, Kelsey, Ken-
nett, King, Knapp, Knight, ICnowtton, Knox. Kunkel,
Lake, Leiter, Lmdley, Mace, Alexander IC. Marshall,
Humphrey^Marshali, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham, KiN
lian Miller, Millson, Milhvard, Moore, Morgan, Momil,
Mo'tt, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Pcatce, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pungle,
Purviance, Puryear, Reade, Ricaud, Ritchie, Riveis, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sheiman, Simmons,
•Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, titranahan, Swope, Tappan, Tho-
rmgton, Thuiston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Valk, Wade,
Walbridge, Waldion, Walker, Caiwalader C. Washburne,
Ellihu B Wa^hhurne. Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—135.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Bell, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Bowie, Branch, Broom, Burnett, John P.Campbell,
Carlile, Carutheis, Caskie, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Crawford, Cuhen, Davidson, Dowdell,
Elliott, Evans, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Ilall, Sampson W. Hams,
Thomas L. Ilatris, Hoibert, Hickman, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Samuel S. Marshall,Maxwell, McMuUin. McQueen, Smith
Miller, Mordeeai Oliver, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Pow-
ell, Quitman, Heady, It;chardson, Ruffin, Rust, Sandidce,
Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William R Smith,
Stephens, Stewait, Talbott, Tuppe, Underwood, Vail,
Wamei, VVatkms, Williams. Window, Daniel B. Wngbt,
John V. Wngln, and ZolUcoffer—72.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HORTON, of Ohio, announced that ho had
paired off for two weeks with Mr. Packer.
ELECTION BY PLURALITY.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the House will proceed immediately to
the election of a Speaker, viva voce; and if, atter the 10II '
shall have been called thiee times, no member shall have
received a majority of the whole numbei of votes, the roll
shall naain be called, and the member who shall then le-
ceive the largest number of votes piovided it be a major-
ity of a quotum, shall be deelaied tcrbe chosen Speakei.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move to lay that resolution
on the table.
The CLERK The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] has the floor.
Mr. HERBERT. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to yield to me for a moment, that
I may offer an amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Before a vote be taken
on my resolution, I will give my friend from
California [Mr. Herbert] an opportunity to
^present his amendment, or it may be read now,
if it does not come oat of my Umo.
Mr. l-IERBERT. My amendment is to strike
out the word "immediately," in the resolution,
and to insert in lieu of it the word "to-mor-
row. "
Mr. CLINGMAN. As to that point, I will
leave it to the majority to decide whether the
rule shall take effort immediately or to-morrow;
I am ready to make it either to-day or to-mor-
row. Hut before a vote be taken, I desire to say
a word or two on the subject.
It will be recollected that when the gentleman-
who stands before mo [Mr. Washburne, of Wis-
consin] offered a proposition, some weeks since,
similar in effect to that which I now offer, I
declined to vote in support o&it, and gave my
reason therefor. On thafoccasion I referred to a
declaration made by one nf the candidates for the
speakership. Since then, that candidate [Mr.
Banks] has disclaimed the opinions which were
at that time imputed to him. I do not change my
course for that reason, however, or on account of
that disclaimer, because my course now would
have been the same in either event. J then said
that I was willing to delay for some time before :
I would vote in fa\or of ihdt proposition. Smue ,
two weeks have since passed, and 1 am now pre-
pared to support it.
I hold, Air. Clerk, that as a period of two j
months has elapsed since tlu.3 House met, it has
become necessary for us now to effect an organiza-
tion. We have tried a great many expedients,
and have been hitherto unable to elect a Speaker.
I do not see that any other proposition is likely
to produce an organization, and therefore I offer
this one. And I will say this, m reference to the
# plurality rule, that no nun can be elected under
it who is not the choice of a majority of this
Hopse as against his opponent: in other words,
while the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Orr] and the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] for example, are the two candidates
receiving the highest number of votes, any gen-
tleman who allows the one to be elected while
his vote would defeat him, prefers him, of course,
to the other; and therefore a majority must con-
cur in the election of that person in fact. We all
understand, in truth, that the third party of gen-
tlemen,who vote here for Mr. Fuller, will be the
persons to determine the contest. If they choose
to vote for our candidate, they can elect him. If
they decline to vote for him,'the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] will be elected. I
do not undertake to advise any one of these gen-
tlemen how he ought to vote; he is more com-
petent to decide for himself than I am to advise
him. If he votes to suit his own ideas of what
is right, I shall not, of course, complain. But,
sir, it is well understood that these gentlemen
agree with us on the slavery question—for you
will recollect, Mr. Clerk, that the other day,
on the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ful-
ler] offering a proposition against slavery agi-
tation of all kinds, we came up in solid column
and passed it—the question for them, therefore,
is, whether, as they agree with us on that great
subject, slavery, the change of the naturalization
laws is not of less importance than the exist-
ence of the Government. That question I leave
to these gentlemen to decide, knowing, however,
that some of them have declared that, in the event
of the views of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] being carried out, the existence of the
Government will be imperiled. Then, the point
for these gentlemen to weigh is, whether they
look upon the overthrow of the Government as a
less evil than its continuation under the present
naturalization laws. I do"hot undertake to say
how they will decide that question, but it is the
one, I take it, by which their action is to be de-
termined.
But, Mr. Clerk, I propose to leave every gen-
tleman to vote m the manner he deems right on
the resolution I have offered. I have offered it
on my own responsibility, and hope it will be
adopted. It is said, however, that whoever sup-
ports it will be responsible for the election of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, if its adoption
should have that result. I do not think so at all.
They will only be responsible for producing an
organization by changing the law regulating the
election. After the change has been effected, it !
will then be for the electors to say who shall be
chosen Speaker under it. I am, in favor of
changing the law; I am willing to bear the re-
sponsibility of that. When the law is changed,
then it is tor the electors to make the election.
The responsibility of that rests with them. Some
years ago, for example, the State of Massaclui-
setts failed to elect members of Congress under
the majority system. But recently, that State
had adopted the plurality rule m the election of
their members, just as we have in most of the
States, in fact. Now, this Congress has a right
to alter that law. Suppose, then, that a gentle-
man should get up and say: " 1 propose to alter
the plurality law by which members have been
sent here from Massachusetts, because I find
that it is owing to the plurality system that the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] and
others whom I do not like, have been returned
as members of the House, of Representatives."
Well, you might just as well say that I was re-
sponsible for the election of those gentlemen, if I
refused to change the plurality system under
which they have been chosen.
I am'governed by general principles; and I
prefer the plurality rule in the election of members
of Congress. And, sir, although 1 prefer to see
the majority rule in force in the election of our
officers in this Hall, in the first instance, yet,
after we have given it a fair trial, I would rather
take the plurality rule than to continue further m
this state of disorganization.
I believe that the importance of the office of
Speaker m this House has been greatly exagger-
ated in this Congress. The Speaker has really,
practically, little more power than any other
member. * He has only one vote, and no right to
cast that except in case of a tie, while others vote
every time on the iloor.
But gentlemen have said that the Speaker has
the appointment of the committees, and that the
committees which he may appoint may bring in
propositions to abolish slavery, and every other
sort of aggressive measures. No doubt of that.
Butsuppose such propositions are brought in, and
a majority of the House are opposed to them;
they will be defeated, and no mischief can be
done. On the other hand* if a majority of the
House should be in favor of the passage of such
measures, any member could move them at any
time, and my friend from South Carolina [Mr.
Orr] being in the chair could not prevent them
from being carricd by the House. I hold, then,
that the action of the majority would not be ma-
terially affected upon any of the great questions
before the House by the person whom you may
place in that chair.
It is true, that there is another class of ques-
tions, in reference to which the patronage of the
speakership is of more importance. I speak with
respect to the appointment of the small commit-
tees, such as the Committee on Printing, the Com-
mittee on Engraving, the Committee on Patents,
the Committee of Claims,- &c. The questions
presented by those committees are not generally
of sufficient importance to insure a thorough ex-
amination of them; and hence we rely to a great
extent upon the statements made by the commit-
tees; and, therefore, I say it is important that we
should have honest men with clear heads to con-
stitute them. But in reference to the great ques-
tions that come before Congress, every man will
of course examine them for himself, and will act
upon them independently of the recommenda-
tions of committees.
I say, therefore, that, in my opinion, the
power of the Speaker and the importance of his
election have been greatly exaggerated. And I
maintain further, that there never was a time
when I was less unwilling to see my political
friends lose the organization of the rfouse than
the present. We have the Senate, in the other
end of the Capitol, largely and unqualifiedly upon
our side. Wc have the Executive also on the
side of the Constitution; and, if mischief originates
here, it will be promptly arrested by them. I am
sure that if those who represent the plurality
upon this floor should be found to have a majority
of the House upon any offensive measure,—and
I am not at all certain that they have,—any mis-
chief they might attempt to enact would be de-
feated in the other end of the Capitol.
But it is not at ali certain that those gentlemen
have a majority here. They came m about a
year and a half ago, on a high tide; since that
time there has been a reflux. In the elections
held last fall, in many of the districts now repre-
sented here by these gentlemen, majorities were
found against them; so that, if they were dis-
posed to enact offensive measures here, they
would not be supported by their constituencies
athome, and, as I have said, their action would
be arrested in the other end of the Capitol and by
the Executive. Seeing this, and having lost
their footing at home, it is not likely they will
be able to move, even here, with any chance of
success.
I have, therefore, no fears of any mischief re-
sulting from the election of a Speaker here by
these parties. If I supposed that the rights of
any section of the country depended merely upon
continuing this House in its disorganized condi-
tion, I should say that the Government was not
worth preserving under that state of things.
And let me say, further, that I do not wish to
disguise the fact, that if a majority of the mem-
bers sitting here are favorable to the enactment of
measures aggressive as to the rights of the South,
I would, nevertheless, be willing that, under our
republican system, they should take their own
course; and if such measures are brought forward,
I shall oppose them here, well knowing that they
will be defeated elsewhere.
But if the President and the Senate were against
us, so that measures originating here offensive to
the rights of any portion of the Union would be
likely to be finally carried, I should then be m
favor of perpetual disorganization. If measures
which would justify revolution were likely to be
carried out by every branch of the Government,
it would be proper ihut they should be resisted
here. Then it would be proper that the contest,
if it is to commence, should begin here. I an-
nounced upon this floor, six years ago, upon an
occasion when there was a prospect of a senous
contest in the country between the North and the
