806
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Barbour.
Ho. of Reps.
5. The Senate did, on one occasion, inquire
into the legality of a State Legislature. This was
the case of Potter vs. Robbins, in the Twenty-
Third Congress. The facts jvere these: On the
19th of January, 1833, Mr. Robbins was elected,
by the Legislature of the State of Rhode Island, to
the Senate of the United States, for the term of six
years from the 4th of March succeeding. His cre-
dentials were in due form,,made out ana furnished
to him, and in February of the same year, read
in the Senate and recorded on its Journals. In
October, 1833, the General Assembly of Rhode
Island declared this election void, on the ground
that the Legislature by which it was made had
not, at the time, a due and legal existence} and,
proceeding to the election of another person, they
made choice of Mr. Potter. The question of the
legal existence of the Legislature which elected
Mr. Robbins was entertained and passed upon in
the Senate of the United States, in judging of the
validity of the election of the sitting Senator.
6. The Senate of the United States, on another
occasion, passed upon the validity of the appoint-
ment of a Senator oy the Governor of Connecti-
cut, and determined that it was not competent for
the Executive of a State, in the recess of the Legis-
lature, to appoint a Senator to fill a vacancy
which was about to happen, but had not hap-
pened at the time of the appointment.
Mr. Speaker, there are numerous other cases
that might be cited to sustain the application
made by the committee. Some of them have al-
ready been cited by gentlemen who have spoken
upon this side of the question, and I will not
consume the time of the House in examining
them. Some of these cases are peculiarly in
point. They establish the right and usage of the
House to examine into the validity of even a State
Legislature, upon the proper allegations. In the
case of Potter vs. Robbins, the majority of the
committee, in their report, discussed the follow-
ing propositions:
" 1st. Was the commission of Asher Robbins made and
executed in conformity with tlie provisions of the Consti-
tution of the United States and the laws and usages of
Rhode Island, prescribing the time, place, and manner of
choosing Senators to Congress ? 2d. Was Mr. Robbins, at
the time of his election, eligible, according to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, to tlic office of Senator? 3d. Was
he chosen by the Legislature of the State of Rhode Island ?"
In examining the third question, the majority
of the committee say that, to constitute a Legis-
lature, there must be in existence a Governor, a
Senate, and House ofRepresentatives;and to pass
up on that question correctly, and determine
whether the term of office of the Governor and
Senate had expired before the time of the election
of Mr. Robbins, they examined into " the ancient
charter of Charles II., of England, granted to the
Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Planta-
tions in 1663, which had not been superseded by
a written constitution since the Revolution, and
into the various laws which had been enacted,
modifying the provisions of the charter." After
examining the charter and laws, and finding that i
the Legislature was elected and assembled ac-
cording to law, they say:
" It remains, then, to he inquired: Was this body, so as-
sembled, tlie Legislature of Rhode Island? The law, by
virtue of which they continued to exercise the power of
legislation, is said to be repugnant to the charter. If this
be a sound objection, it at uuce annuls every part of their
proceedings, and, as a necessary consequence, that of
Choosing a Senator in Congress."
The minority differed from the majority in their
conclusions, upon the examination. The minor- - j
lty report was written by Silas Wright, Jr. In !
that report he says: j
" Will the Senate look behind this commission, to determ-
ine whether or not it was properly granted ? The under-
signed believes that it is not only the right, but the dutv of ! i
! * "T,,e question now presented I
!?/ 'wln^c e" by llie Legislature of the State
of Rhode Island. He could not but consider it a plain
proposition, and not requiring argument to support it, that
when the constitutional organization of a body of 'men
claiming to be the Legislature of a State, is the question in
issue, the acts ot that body whose constitutional powers are
disputed, are not to be adduced as evidence of the consti-
tutional power of the body to perforin them. When t'le
constitutionality of a legislative act is in question, he could
not believe that the act itself is to be relied upon as evidence
of its own validity. Equally clear was it to his mind, that
When such a question was to be determined, the conse-
quences of pronouncing the act invalid were not consider-
ations which should legitimately control the decision. The
act  either constitutional or unconstitutional. If consti-
tutional, the diapute is settled. If unconstitutional, no con-
sequences to follow from the pronunciation of the fact can
make it valid. So with the body claiming to be the Legis-
lature of the State. I? it is the Legislature of the State,
according to the provisions of its constitution, the contro-
versy is at an end ; if it is not the Legislature of the State,
no act of theirs, in their assumed character, and no conse-
quences to follow from the invalidity of those acts, can give
them the powers which they had not when the acts were
performed, or make them what they were not, the Legisla-
ture of the State. But if consequences can be legitimately
considered in the argument, the undersigned feels com-
pelled to say, that to his mind the decision, that the State of
Rhode Island has no fundamental law or constitution of
Government but the will of its Legislature, will be a con-
sequence to its people much more serious than any which
can be apprehended from pronouncing void the acts of the
body of men assuming to be the Legislature of the State
from May, 1833, to May, 1833."
It will be seen by an examination of the re-
ports of the committee, that no party hesitated
to entertain the question involving the validity of
the Legislature, but they differed in their con-
struction of the charter of Charles II.
In the case of the Delegate from Indiana, above
referred to, the committee in their report say:
" After deliberate examination of the laws relative to
Indiana Territory, they consider it to be their duty to inves-
tigate the authority under which the election of a Delegate
to represent that Territory was held, previous to the ex-
amination of the irregularities suggested; because, if the
election was held without authority of law, it was void,
without regard to irregularities."
The committee proceed to say that the law
under which the election was held was void, be-
cause the Legislature which directed the election
was not a valid Legislature. This same ques-
tion, which involved the principle now before the
House, was then entertained, and that is enough
I for our purpose.
; When the gentlemen upon the other side of the
House argue that we cannot go behind the Le-
gislature of Kansas in our inquiry, or behind any
law of the Legislature, they do not advance a
i single step in the argument. They evade the
| question before the House and confound distinc-
i tions. No one claims the right to disregard a
Legislature or any of its acts—I mean a valid
Legislature, for there can be no other in fact.
The true question is, was that body in Kansas
the Legislature? The gentlemen, in their argu-
ment, beg the question, and reason gravely from
the conclusion to the premises. They confound
the question of fact with the legal consequences
of the fact. If that body was the legal Legis-
lature, we cannot press our inquiries Deyona it.
If it was not the legal Legislature, it presents no
barrier to our inquiries, and none of its acts are
laws. Nothing but the will of the people of
Kansas, legally expressed, could create a legis-
lative body for that Territory. The charge is,
that the will of the people had not been expressed,
but that a body of men had been chosen by fraud, '
violence, and corruption; and that this body, in ]
furtherance of the fraud, organized in the form
of a Legislature and usurped its authority. When ;
we are told that we must take this body as the *
legal Legislature, and the laws as we find them,
we reply that we will look into the elements which
compose this supposed Legislature.
Mr. Speaker, I hold that it is a sound maxim
of the law, that fraud taunts and vitiates every-
thing into which it enters. AH contracts, the
proceedings of public bodies, records and decrees
of courts, and all laws, are void when procured
by fraud. The supreme court of the State of In-
diana recently held that the remission of a fine
procured from the Executive by fraud was void.
This is not only the rule for the decision of courts,
but it is the rule for every officer and every de-
partment of Government. They disregard and
set aside every measure founded in fraud. The
fact that Governor Reeder gave certificates to a
majority of the members of the supposed Legis-
lature, and recognized it by various acts, could
not give legality to a body of usurpers. That
body must have derived its vitality and legislative
functions from the people, or it had no life, no
legislative function, and Governor Reeder could
impart none to it. If the charge is true, it was
not merely a nullity, but a huge, flagitious vil- i
lainy. |
What I have said of fraud applies also to vio-
lence. A person acting under duress is at liberty :
to disavow the act when restored to his liberty; !
much more is he at liberty to repel the force by |
which he is restrained; ana no lapse of time or II
circumstance, while the usurpation or force con-
tinues, can interpose to preventhim from asserting
his rights. So, if the supposed Legislature of
Kansas was imposed upon the people Dy external
violence, they are not only free from allegiance
to the laws of such a Legislature, but they are
bound to resist them and set them aside. Sub-
mission to such laws would be treason to the
State. While unreserved submission to the law
is the duty of an American citizen, he has no
right to tolerate a tyrant or usurper upon Ameri-
can soil. Such are the principles of American
jurisprudence and American politics.
Although we have precedent.* for the inquiry
which the report of the committee contemplates,
I confess that I would not hesitate one moment
to enter upon the investigation of this charge,
even if we could find no precedent for it. The
case furnishes its own authority. The principles
involved are fundamental. The wrong charged
is startling. If true, all civil rights in the Terri-
tory are prostrated. There is no free government
left. If the same wrong should be perpetrated in
every State, republicanism would be at an end.
The right to investigate such charges must per-
tain to this House. The duty to redress such
wrong is coequal with the power of the Govern-
ment. We have no right to shut our eyes to an
evil which threatens our existence.
j Perhaps gentlemen have not duly considered
the question that is before the House. There was
i an election to be held in Kansas for its first legis-
tive body, which would have the power of pro-
hibiting or establishing slavery in the Territory.
The citizens were scattered over the country in
sparse settlements, strangers to each other, with
no county or township organization, following
peaceful occupations, and unarmed. It is said
that on the day of the election, and immediately
preceding it, the Territory was invaded by organ-
ized and armed bodies of men from the State of
Missouri, with their proper leaders; that they
took possession of, and drove the citizens from,
the polls; went through the form of an election;
that they returned false certificates of the election,
having their own judges in the place of the legally-
appointed judges. It is also charged that some
of the persons who were returned as elected were
not residents of the Territory. There was violence
and fraud; and if the charges are true, they in-
volve also the charge of a forgery of election cer-
tificates. J1U this was done to carry out the policy
inaugurated by the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise.
The gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Oliver,]
while speaking of the disturbances in Kansas,
informs us that he was present at one of the elec-
tions in the Territory, and saw outrages openly
perpetrated there. He saw no Missourians vote.
He believes none of them did vote; but he assures
us that great numbers of men, imported from the
eastern States for that purpose, by the emigrant
aid company, voted, and immediately left the
Territory and returned to the eastern States.
Now, sir, this is information brought to our no-
tice by one who was an eye-witness, and is now
a member of this House. Can we refuse to take
cognizance of such things, when they are brought
to our notice in this manner? Such facts de-
mand an investigation. Due respect for our mem-
bers, and the States they represent, demands an
investigation; and no gentleman who"credits such
statements ought to shrink from a thorough in-
quiry. I take the gentleman at his word, and
demand that the House act accordingly.
The emigrant aid company, and the gentlemen
who represent the States interested in that move-
ment, will not shrink from an investigation.
They demand it. Their honor is concerned, and
they are entitled to it. I do not stand here to ad-
vocate or apologize for that company. They need
no apology. But if any defense is to be made
for them, the gentlemen from the States impli-
cated are competent to the task. We have, then,
; Mr. Speaker, the double charge, that men from
the eastern States, and men from Missouri, con-
spired to cause these disturbances in Kansas.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Indiana
has spoken of some matters about the people of
Missouri entering the Territory of Kansas, and
participating in their election.
Mr. BARBOUR. The gentleman from Mis-
