1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in line seven hundred and fifty-five, under head
of "Territory of Minnesota," the following:
To enable the Governor to employ an interpreter, or
translator, §500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. C., under instructions of the Committee of
Ways and Means, proposed the following amend-
ment, to come in after line seven hundred and
fifty-eight:
For providing for fire-proof vaults for the security of the
archives of the Territoiy of New Mexico, $3,000, or &o much
thereof as may be necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ANDERSON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For compensation of Chailes H. Mason, while acting
Governor of the Territory of Washington, a sum equal to
the difference between the compensation allowed by law to
the Secretary of said Territory, and the salary of the Gov-
ernor andsupeiintendont of Indian affairs of the same.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I raise the point of order
that the amendment provides for an increase of
salary unauthorized by law, and is, therefore,
not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order on the ground that the amend-
ment provides for a private claim.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. PHELPS. Let us get through with the
bill; we can easily do it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. MATTESON. And I renew it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Broom and
Chaffee were appointed.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Haven7 reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the state of
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the bill making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of Government, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1857, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. MATTESON. I move that the resolu-
tion for evening sessions for general debate be
extended to the end of this week.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will agree to
the extension of that resolution for this and to-
morrow evening; but after that it may be neces-
sary for us to have evening sessions for business.
Mr. MATTESON. 1 do not think it will be
necessaiy to have evening sessions for business
before next week.
The SPEAKER. The question will be, then,
on extending the resolution for evening sessions
for three nights of this week.
Mr. MATTESON. Very well.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to.
PARDON OF DRAYTON AND SAYRES.
Mr. H. MARSHALL offered the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested, if, m las opinion, not inconsistent with the pub-
lic intcie-t, to uausrnitto tins Hon^e copies of all letters and
papers in his* po^e&siou. or on file m the Secretary of State's
otiice. connected with or upon winch the pardons or remis-
sion* of the imprisonment of Daniel Di avion and Edward
Savre-, in Aun'u>t, 1852, vvcie founded, together with copies
of said pardons or remissions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended in order that the Committee of the
"Whole House on the Private Calendar may be
discharged from the further consideration of a
private bill. The Clerk wjII enter the motion; and
I move, then, that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw the motion to adjourn, and let us
go into committee to take a recess until seven
o'clock this evening.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn for that purpose.
Mr. COBB. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with a view of taking a recess for an evening
session.
STATIONERY FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I hope the gentle-
man will withdraw his motion in order to let
me offer a resolution to which no gentleman will
object. It is in reference to stationery for mem-
bers,a great many of whom have exhausted their
supply.
The resolution is in these words:
Resolved, That the allowance to each member of the
House for stationery, and other articles charged to them by
the Postmaster, be limited to sixty dollars for the long ses-
sion, and twenty-five dollars for the short session, of Con-
gress.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I object.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I insist on my motion,
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion, that I may move to suspend the
rules to enable me to offer my resolution.
Mr. COBB. If I withdraw now, there will be
a dozen other applications to suspend the rules,
and, as E have the floor now, I must adhere to my
motion.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Pres-
ident of the United States, transmitting the report
of Major William H. Emery, United States com-
missioner to survey the boundary between the
United States and the Republic of Mexico, accom-
panied by a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that extra copies of
that report be printed.
The motion to print extra copies was referred,
under the rules of the House, to the Committee
on Printing.
COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE.
Mr. Cobb's motion was then agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Kunkel in the chair.)
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
naval appropriation bill be taken up temporarily.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move that the com-
mittee take a recess until seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
accordingly (at half past four o'clock) took a re-
cess until seven o'clock, p. m.
evening session.
The committee resumed its session at seven
o'clock, p. m., (Mr. Kunkel in the chair,) the
naval appropriation bill being nominally under
consideration.
Mr. CULLEN, rising to a personal explana-
tion, read from the Savannah Republican a report
of a speech recently made m Georgia by Mr.
Howell Cobb,in which his(Mr.cull£n'sj name
was mentioned in connection with the presiden-
tial election, and asked the gentleman from Geor-
gia if the report was a correct one ?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, briefly recapitulated
what he did say on the occasion referred to, and
pointed out some errors in the report. He ex-
plained that he had said that, in the event the
presidential election should come into the House
of Representatives, in certain contingencies the
result might depend on the vote of Delaware, and
that he was not willing to place that power in the
hands of a single Representative from that State
for reasons which he had then given.
Mr. CULLEN replied that the gentleman had
no right to anticipate what would be his (Mr.
Cui.t.f.n's) course, or whether he would or would
not vote for Mr. Buchanan. He came here as a
National American, and not to support the Dem-
ocratic party. If the presidential election should
come into the House of Representatives—as he
hoped it would not—he should do his duty. He
should vote for Mr. Fillmore first and last, and
should not vote either for Mr. Buchanan or for
Mr. Fremont.
Mr. COBB responded briefly.
Mr. BROOM then addressed the committee in
favor of American principles, and more particu-
larly in reply to remarks made during the contest
for the Speakership by his colleague [Mr. Cad-
waladeu] in reference to the Kensington riots of
1844.
Mr. MORGAN next addressed the committee,
and was followed by
Mr. ELLIOTT, who spoke upon the presi-
dential question, and the general politics of the
country.
Mr. PURYIANCE spoke upon the subject of
slavery generally, and reviewed the position of
the various candidates for the Presidency now
before the country. [These speeches will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. MATTESON obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. UNDERWOOD, who moved that th«
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; when, the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Kunkel
reported that tne Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had the stateof the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
a bill making appropriations for the support of
the Navy for the year ending June 30, 1857, and
had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. MATTESON,
(at half past ten o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, August 5, 1856.
The House metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The SPEAKER. There being no quorum
present, the Chair asks unanimous consent that
the Journal may be read.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk accordingly called the roll of the
House; when the following named members failed
to answer to their names:
Messrs. Ball, Barksdale, Bell, Bingham, Bishop, Bowie,
; Branch, Biooks, Caruthers, Childs, Bayard Clarke, Cling
| man, Covode, Cragm, Craige, Cullen, De Witt, Dickson,
i Dowdcll, Edie, Edwards, Elliott, Evans, Flagler, Florence,
I Henry M. Fuller, Gilbert, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall,
i llamson, Hoffman, Thomas It. Horton, ICidweJ}, King,
I Knox, Kunkel, Lindley, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K.
! Marshall, Humphrey Marshall. McQueen, Millson, Moore,
! Murray, Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine,
! Pelton, Pettit, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Keade, Ricaud,
Roberts, Sabin, Savage, Scott, Shorter, William Smith,
Stranahan, TaJbott, Tappan, Vail;, Wakeman, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, and Daniel B. Wright.
Mr. McMULLIN. How many members have
answered to their names?
The SPEAKER. One hundred and fifty-five.
Mr. McMULLIN. I then move that all further
proceedings in the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order from the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, business relating to the District having
been made the special order for this day,
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House papers from the Treasury De-
partment submitting additional estimates for the
erection of a marine hospital at New Orleans.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, submitting copies of papers in relation to
the purchase of ground for the use of the Boston
custom-house; which several communcations
were referred to the Committee of Ways and
j Means, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled biiia of the
following titles; when the Speaker signal the
same:
And act (S. No. 53) for the improvement of
the navigation of the Patapsco river and to render
