1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOtfE.
809
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Barbour.
Ho. or Reps.
souri will allow me to set him right. I make no
charge. I say the charge is in the report of the
committee.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well; the gentleman refers
to the charges which have been made, that the
people of Missouri interfered with the elections
in the Territory of Kansas. I can tell that gen-
tleman that I witnessed an election in the Terri-
tory of Kansas. I was present in the town of
Leavenworth, in May last, when an election was
held to elect three members in the House of Rep-
resentatives, Governor Recder having refused to
issue a certificate of election to the three gentle-
men who had been elected in March preceding.
I was accidentally at that place.
A Member. You did not vote, did you ?
Mr. PHELPS. No; I respect the law. There
had been charges of fraudulent voting at the elec-
tion held in March. Three gentlemen, named
Paine, Mathias, and McMicken, had then re-
ceived the highest number of votes, but the Gov-
ernor refused certificates.
I was accidentally at Leavenworth at the May
election, when these three gentlemen were candi-
dates again; and they were elccted in the propor-
tion of about four to one. I saw there no dis-
turbance. That election was conducted as quietly
and decently as any election that has ever been
conducted in the State of Missouri. There was
no charge made by the citizens of Leavenworth,
either on that day or within two or three days
afterwards. But the charge was made that the
deck hands of a steamboat which had just arrived
from Cincinnati, and was lying at the levee of
Leavenworth city, went to the polls and voted
the Abolition ticket.
Mr. BARBOUR. Do you state that as a fact?
Mr. PHELPS. A gentleman of undoubted
veracity told me so, and I believe it to be true.
Mr. BARBOUR. Mr. Speaker, the information
which the gentleman from Missouri gives us,
confirms the position I was taking. I was saying
that We had information from members of this
House, which, taken in connection with the report
of the committee, shows that great wrongs have
been committed in Kansas. I do not think it
proper for this House to pass over these facts in
silence.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Indiana,
perhaps, does not correctly understand what I
said. I stated that I understood these persons
voted for the Abolition candidate. I do not know
it of my own knowledge, but I have been so cred-
ibly informed. It would make no difference in the
result, for the Pro-Slavery candidates were elected,
receiving about four votes for everv vote cast for
the Abolition ticket. Therefore, tliese improper
votes not having altered the issue, it would be
unavailing and useless for the House to investi-
gate the question.
Mr. BARBOUR. I do not see the force of the
gentleman's reasoning. Here, according to his
own showing, was a great outrage and fraud. An
important election was held, without any regard
to the usual forms of an election. The deck hands
of a steamboat march to the polls, and vote with-
out objection or challenge. I should suppose such
an election was held without judges or inspectors.
These deck hands, it seemed, voted the odious
Abolition ticket, which, with all their illegal help,
did not make up one fourth of the number of the
Pro-Slavery party. As this was notorious at the
time, how could the officers make a proper return ?
How meekly the Pro-Slavery party stood by, and
consented to the illegal votes for the Abolition
ticket! What right had these deck hands to
rote in Kansas, when they voted the Abolition
ticket?
When I was interrupted by the gentleman from
Missouri, I was examining the facts that are
alleged by the contestant as the ground-work for
the investigation. They are grave charges.
They involve fraud and corruption, violence and
crime. They are, in substance, that an invasion
has been set on foot, in one of the States of the
Union, against a defenseless Territory, which
resulted in a triumphant usurpation; that the
rights and will of the people have been disre-
garded; and that a foreign Power is now dom-
inant in that Territory. The answer given by
the gentleman upon the other side of the House
is, that even if these things are so, we cannot go
behind the forms of the Legislature and the law,
to inquire into the substance.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
' spoke learnedly and eloquently upon the right of
the House to pursue this inquiry. He admitted
| that, under some circumstances, we might inauire
! into the validity of a Legislature and of a law;
but he thought this was a political question, and
that its decision rested with the Executive. He
argued that because the Executive, in the execu-
tion of the law, must determine this question, it
was therefore proper that his decision should
control this House and the country. In that, I
conceive, the learned gentleman departed from
his usual accuracy. The Executive must ex-
ecute the laws, and he is often called upon to
judge of and construe them. But his judgment
does not bind the courts, or the Legislature.
Indeed, it often happens that his proceedings are
reversed by the judgment of a court, rendered
against the validity of a law.
The fault in the gentleman's argument is, that
he did not take the proper distinction. He spoke
of the question as being political,and not judicial.
If there is any such distinction strictly, it is not
in the subject-matter, but in the action upon the
subject-matter. The action of the executive is
political, and not judicial; nor is it legislative.
The action of the Executive begins and terminates
in the executive department. So the action of
this House begins and terminates with its own
proceedings. The House is sovereign in its own
i sphere of action. Its decision cannot be passed
upon in review elsewhere. The House has not
only plenary jurisdiction in judging of the elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of its members,
: but it also has plenary power to execute its de-
cisions. It calls upon no other department for
advice and assistance. It pronounces its decrees,
arms its officers, and by them executes its will.
We are reminded that the.Governor of the Ter-
ritory is the judge of the returns of the election
of members of the Legislature, and upon those
returns he issues his certificate. In reply we say,
that the allegations are, in substance, that the
returns were fraudulently made out by those who
violently took possession of the polls; that the
Governor was imposed upon by these fraudulent
returns; and that certificates were obtained from
him by fraud. We have seen that the remission
of a fine obtained from the Executive by fraud,
was set aside by a court; and any other act of
the Executive procured by fraud would be as
readily set aside. Such certificates would be a
nullity, and would be so declared by the court.
But a certificate of election makes only a prima
facie case. It entitles a member to his seat when
there is no contest, but it is never set up as a bar
to an inquiry in a contested case.
We have been told also, during the course of
the argument, that irregularities and illegal voting
are to be expected in a new Territory, and that
there is not a member upon this floor who has
not received illegal votes. Well, sir, what does
that prove ? Does it prove that illegal votes give
any right to a member? If all the votes given for
a member at any election are illegal, where is his
right to his seat, even if his seat is not contested ?
This House will not allow an usurper to sit in this
body, when the fact is brought to its notice,
although there might be no contestant. The sit-
ting member would not be the less an usurper,
because several thousand men conspired with him
in the fraud, and clothed their proceedings with
the forms of law. The minority of the committee,
in their report, insist that illegal votes alone can-
not vitiate an election. They say that,if twenty-
eight out of the twenty-nine hundred votes were
illegal, yet if the sitting Delegate received one
hundred legal votes, and no other person received
as many legal votes, the election is valid; for after
the polls are purged, and the illegal votes thrown
out, the sitting Delegate had the largest number
of legal votes. This is a plausi ble statement, and
this feature of the minority report satisfies gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House. The
minority add that it is not claimed by the con-
testant that any other person at that election re-
ceived any legal votes.
This argument leaves out of view one of the
principal elements in the majority report. The
minority have made their man of straw, and
demolished it valiantly. The majority report in-
forms us that it is alleged that large bodies of men
came over from Missouri, armed and organized
into companies, encamped in the vicinity of the
different polls, for the purpose of preventing the
people of the Territory from electing members of the
Legislative Assembly, and took possession of the
polls by intimidation and violence, going through
the forms of electing members of the Legislature,
some of whom, thus elected, were non-residents
of the Territory. Other reports say that more
that one third of the members elect were non-res-
idents of the Territory. It is alleged that the cit-
izens were driven away from the polls, and that
the result of the election was controlled by this
violence. The minority report ignores these
charges, and assumes that the illegal body that
had its origin in this fraud and violence, having
the form of a Legislature, might therefore enact
laws, disfranchise citizens, and bind this House
by its pretended enactments.
" The honorable gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Davis] warned us, in eloquent language, of the
danger of usurping the prerogatives of the Exec-
utive, and deciding questions touching the Terri-
tory which do not come within the jurisdiction
of the House, and says that confusion and an-
archy must be the result. Ay, sir! confusion and
anarchy! What terms have the gentlemen to
apply to the proceedings which took place in that
unfortunate Territory, when the outrages com-
plained of were committed ? when the rights of
the citizens were trodden under foot? when fraud
and violence were successful? when the forms of
law were shamelessly resorted to, to secure the
fruits of invasion and conquest? when tyranny,
with iron heel, trampled freedom in,the dust?
How long shall we delay our action, and stifle
inquiry, lest we might produce confusion and
anarchy ?
Let us examine the argument. It is, that this
stupendous fraud is clothed in the forms of law,
and rights have vested under it—that it is a
question for the Executive, and beyond the limits
of our power. This is urged in derogation of the
universal law, that fraud taints everything it
touches. Sir, no lapse of time cures it; no rights
grow out of it to the guilty parties; no form sanc-
tifies or shields it; no villainies ever ripen into
virtuous deeds. I would follow it, and make
war upon it, wherever it may be found. When-
ever it is alleged that there is a State or territo-
rial government—that there is a decree of court'
or other act of the judiciary, or a pretended law,
f rounded in fraud, and the question comes fairly
efore this House, when it is involved in the
right of a member to his seat, I would, in the
investigation, follow it through all its forms, and
seek out all its hiding-places. I would tear away
all such foundations, and whatever structure
rested upon it might topple to the ground. Noth-
ing that is valuable can suffer from such an in-
vestigation, while it is legitimately pursued.
Mr. Speaker, this subject is often treated as
if it were a contest between the emigrant aid
company and the border counties of Missouri.
It has been said, by those in high authority, that
the unauthorized interference of the former has
provoked a counter movement on the part of the
latter. I-am not here to accusfe or apologize for
either. The respective States interested are ably
represented upon this floor, and to them I leave
that part of the subject;- but no one can fail to
notice that, while thosewho represent the interest
of the emigrant aid company are urgently de-
manding that the committee shall be clothed with
the powers they ask for, and that the fullest in-
vestigation shall be made, those who represent
the other side resist this resolution by their argu-
ments and by their votes. It is not for me to im-
pute or question motives. I do neither. But I am
free to remark, that it appears like shrinking from
an investigation. I do not stand here to dictate
to others, or to advise the course they should
pursue; but if the citizens of the State of Indiana
were implicated in a charge of repeated acts of
violence and fraud towards the citizens of a de-
fenseless Territory, I would instantly demand-
the most thorough investigation And how much
more would I insist upon an inquiry, if it was
charged that the people of Indiana had usurped
the Government of a defenssless Territory. The
