1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1045
Mr. NICHOLS. I accede to the declaration
just made by my colleague; but he will permit
me to say that I Vvas present here at all times, and
accessible to him. So far as I know, none but
the kindest relations existed between us, and I
did feel somewhat astonished, and had a just
right to complain, that my colleague should have
made mine the only name among the members
from the State of Ohio, upon which to comment
at a meeting of the people when I was not present,
instead of coming to mo and asking for an expla-
nation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Pstatcd nothing but a fact
which the record proves. And 1 would inform
my colleague that my constituents have some in-
telligence. They read the newspapers, and 1
only informed them of what they knew before—
namely: that he had never cast his vote for me.
All the rest of my colleagues, perhaps every One
of them, did at some time or other cast their votes
for me.
Mr. NICHOLS. It was a fact, which, as the
gentleman says, was patent; and after his state-
ment I have nothing more to say, except this:
that in all that occurred during the organization
of this body, I voted my own sentiments—I voted
my own opinions—I chose my own course with
a sense of my responsibility to my constituents,
and to the constituents of no other man on the
face of the earth.
Perhaps the House will allow me to say a sin-
gle word in reference to the gentlemen who form
the burden of the reported remarks of my col-
league, at the meeting to which [ have referred.
I did not know either of them, until I met them
here. I never had any political affinities with
them. I never had any political sympathy with
them. They come heie strangers to me. "Willi
one of them I had unkind feelings, in consequence
of an abusive attack made upon me in the paper
of which ho had control. I did not make the ac-
quaintance of the other until near the close of the
contest, which terminated in your election, Mr.
Speaker. I had no political relations with either
of them, and could have no preference for them
politically, for they,I understand, belong to pre-
cisely the same school of politics with my col-
league—they are Americans. I thank the House
for their indulgence.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged ftom the timber consideration
of the joint resolution of tile House, No. 1-2: "A joint reso-
lution for enlaiging the custom-house, post oltice, and
couit-llouse at Cleveland, Ohio."
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
Mr. READY. As personal explanations are
the order of the morning, I ask leave to make
one.
Mr. WADE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose which I have indicated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the Chair whether, when a call for the pre-
vious question is pending, the gentleman may
submit a motion to suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. In as much as a call for the
previous question is pending, a motion to sus-
pend the rules is not in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist on the regular
order of business.
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my objection so
that the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio
may be again read.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. PHELPS. I now renew my objection.
Mr. WADE. And 1 move that the rules be
suspended that the resolution may be introduced,
and put on its passage.
The SPEAKER. Pending a call for the pre-
vious question, a motion to suspend the rules is
not in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I rise to a question of order.
I submit whether a motion to suspend the rules
is not to suspend the rule in reference to the pre-
vious question, as well as all others?
Mr. PHELPS. The business in order is in
reference to a point of order; and under the rules,
not more than one question of order can be pend-
ing at one time. .
'Mr. WADE. I ask a question for information:
When the question of order now pending on
the bill to refund duties oii goods, wares, and
merchandise destroyed by fire, has been decided,
what will be the condition of my resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's resolution
has not been received, and It is now his property.
Mr. READY. Mr. Speaker, I desire to call
the attention of the House, and especially that
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] to
a portion of his speech as reported in the Cincin-
nati Commercial. Other portions of the same
speech have been referred to by the gentleman's
colleague, [Mr. Nichols.] I do so under the
belief that the gentleman has been misrepresented
in that speech; and if so, it isdue to him that he
should have an opportunity to disavow it; and if
ho has been correctly reported, it is equally due
to a portion of the members of this House, who
are immediately interested in the facts stated or
alluded to, that that fact should be made known.
The following is the portion of the gentleman's
speech to which I refer:
" Then why didn't the South Americans go for him? it
might be inquired. Why, the thousand runnel* about Wash-
ington went to them at once, and told them that Campbell
had gone strong for Mr Chase for Governor of Ohio, and
that the Governoi had baid he owed his election moie to
Lew Campbell than to any othei man. Humphrey Marshall
(feadei of the Know Nothing* South) had proclaimed that
no one could be a tiue American who did not indorse the
twelfth section of the platform, and formally read him [('.]
out of the paity. Mr. Campbell had m turn taken the re-
sponsibility of leading out Marshall, holding that 110 one
could be a true blue who was not opposed to the extension
of slavery. Notwithstanding all this, the South Americans
would have voted lbi linn, if lie would have agreed not to
agitate in favor of the repeal of the Missouri compromise;
but he wouldn't consent to the pioposed arrangement."
Mr. Speaker, I inquire of the gentleman from
Ohio whether I10 mado those statements; and, if
he did, if it bo true that there was any such
arrangement proposed to him by the Americans
of the South, 111 reference to the repeal of the
Missouri compromise; and, if so, by whom was
the proposal made ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Speaker, I made my
appearance in the Ilall this morning, for the
first time, after a three weeks' absence; and I am
a little surprised to find a general disposition to
catechise me on my sayings and uoings, public
! and private, while I was absent. During my
I absence I have passed over a very wide field, and
| have said and done a great many things. I pro-
pose to make short work of this matter. If any
other member has any questions to put to me
touching anything I have said or done, in public
or private, since 1 have been gone, I should like
him to get up and put them now, so that I may
make a clean breast, and finish the matter at once.
If there be none other besides the gentleman
from Tennessee, I will proceed to answer liim.
In the first place, Mr. Speaker, as I remaiked
a while ago, that report of ray speech referred to
is ia erfei.t and erroneous 111 many ^points.
No caudal, intelligent man will sit down and
read that report, without coming at once to the
conclusion that the reporter intended to put me in
a false position. Sueh doubtless was the fact,
because that paper has indulged in more vituper-
ation of me witlun the last few months, than any
other within my knowledge. It is bitterly oppo-
sed to me because of my Ameiicanism, and un-
scrupulous in its method of assault.
Now, sir, I cannot undertake to repeat the
precise words I uttered upon that suoject; but I
said then, as I have stated in the House, that I
had all my life been opposed to'the extension of
slavery into the Territories, and that when 1 came
to Washington there was a triangular fight over
the organization; that, 011 the one hand, certain
anti-Nebraska gentlemen would not vote for me
becouse of my Americanism. I think a speci-
men of that class has just taken his s^t, [Mr.
Nichols,] who would not vote for me, because I
could not abandon my American principles con-
scientiously.
Again, 1 said that there were South Americans
voting for my distinguished friend from Louis-
ville, [Mr. H. Marshall.] They had put them-
selves upon the twelfth section of the Philadel-
phia platform, which, according to my interpre-
tation of it, pledged every man, 111 Congress and
out of it, to acquiesce in the repeal of the Mis-
souri compromise,- that he had read me out of
the party because I would not take the twelfth
section and adopt if; on the other hand, that 1 had
read him out of the party because he did take
and adopt the twelfth section. I then said that
I was satisfied, from informatftm brought to mo
by others, that a portion, at least, of the Amer-
ican party South would have voted for me had I
concluded to adopt the twelfth section; but I said,
invariably, in all conversations I had, that I did
not wish to cheat any man out of a vote; that I
did not approve of the twelfth section, and that
my principles were not in market.
But the gentleman from Tennessee wants to
know who it was that came to me. No member
proposed to me that I should sacrifice my princi-
ples; and I have said already that I did not utter
a single remark calculated to impute a want of
integrity to any person. I will now say, how-
ever, that, even without giving in my adhesion
to the twelfth section, I became satisfied that
there were liberal-minded men of the South in
the American party, who, at a later period, would
have cast their votes for me in order to perfect an
organization.
Mr. WALKER. I ask if the gentleman in-
cludes me in that category ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir. I let you out.
I never suspected you of any intention to vote
for me under any circumstances.
Mr. CARLILE. Let me out too. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly. I do not be-
lieve that anybody in my country would have
suspected that either of those gentlemen would
have voted for me.
Mr. COX. The gentleman mustlet me out too.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes; go out. There are
three out.
Mr. TRIPPE. I want to have that test ap-
plied to my humble self.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Of course; pass along.
Mr. SNEED. Did I understand the gentle-
man to say that no arrangement was proposed
to him by the South American party?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I repeat again, for I wish
gentlemen to understand me, that it was intima-
ted to me, that if 1 adopted the twelfth section,
and stood upon that, then the difficulty would be
removed; but no arrangement was ever proposed
to me from that party, in any formal way.
Mr. READY. I desire to ask the gentleman
one further question. Does ho mean to convey
the idea that any proposition was mado to him,
either directly or indirectly, by any Amehcan
from the South, or was the opinion expressed
to him, an opinion expressed upon the responsi-
bility of the person by whom it was uttered ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I never attended any of
the meetings of the organization callcd " South
Americans." True, it was so advertised at the
time in the newspapers, that I had been attending
their caucuses. I never knew officially anything
of what they had done as a party in caucus.
Never. That in private conversations, members
of that party did make suggestions to me,is true;
and I have stated what those suggestions were,
but they did not come with the authority of a
party acting as an organized party of this House.
Mr. LINDLEY. Will the gentleman pe.rmit
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly.
Mr. LINDLEY. I wish to say to the gentle-
man that, for one, I would not have voted for
him, off or on the twelfth section.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, that is no news to
me. I did not suppose the gentleman from Mis-
souri ever entertained any idea of voting ior me;
and when did I pretend that he ought to, or that
I wanted his vote ?
Mr. LINDLEY. Never.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then we are even !
Mr. MORGAN. I object to any further ex-
planations upon this subject. [Cries of " Too
lace.'" "Too late!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is entitled to the floor for one hour.
Mr. MORGAN. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has the floor, but 110 other member can
speak upon the subject if there is objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is entitled to make a personal explanation,
i but is not entitled to yield the floor to another
without the consent of the House.
|l Mr. READY. I understand the gentleman
!! from Ohio to admit that the "National Ameri-
i! cans," or, as they are called, the " South Amen-
I cans," made no proposition to him. That is to
I me satisfactory. ,
I Mr. CAMPBELL. As a party, I said. [Laugh-
1 ter.]
