1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5.
theportof Baltimore accessible to the war steamers
of the United States;
An act (S. No. 117) to amend an act, entitled
" An act to establish a court for the investigation
of claims against the United States," approved
February 24, 1855;
An act (S. No. 170) for the relief of Richard
Albritton;
An act (S. No. 193) to confirm Joseph Wan-
derstrand in his title to certain lands;
An act (S. No. 197) for the relief of Randall
D. Livingston;
An act (S. No. 198) for the'relief of Cephise
Piseros, widow of Louis Labranche, of the parish
of St. Charles, and State of Louisiana;
An act (S. No. 213) for the relief of Mrs. M.
E. McKnight, widow of Francis M. McKnight;
and
An act (S. No. 376) for the relief of Joseph
Hill.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that that body had passed bills of the
Senate of the following titles:
An act (No. 5) to provide for continuing the
improvement of the Mississippi river;
An act (No. 66) for continuing certain public
Works in the State of Massachusetts;
An act (No. 71) to continue the improvement
of the Rock river rapids in the upper Mississippi;
An act (No. 96) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of New Castle;
An act (No. 116) making an appropriation for
continuing the improvement of the harbor of Erie;
An act (No. 1 'Id) to continue the improvement
of the Tennessee river;
An act (No. 426) for the relief of Thomas
Crown; in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 73) to provide for carrying into effect the first
article of the treaty between the United States and
her Majesty the Clueen of the United Kingdom
of Great Britain and Ireland, of the 15th dav of
June, 1856.
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE.
Mr. BARCLAY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported, from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, a bill for the relief of George Chor-
penning", Jr.; which was read a first ana second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OV BUSINESS.
Mr. MEACHAM. This day has been assigned
by the order of the House for the consideration
of business relating to the District of Columbia,
and I desire in the first place to report from the
Committee for the District of Columbia a bill 
Mr. DICK. 1 ask the consent of the gentle-
man from Vermont to reporta bill from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. MEACHAM. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. By an order of the House, the
appropriation bills are the special orders for this
day; and the point I present is, that the subse-
quent order of the House in regard to District
business, does not override the former order of
the House making the appropriation bills the
special order for each day until disposed of.
1 will state that 1 desire that the chairman of
the Committee for the District of Columbia shall j
consent to a postponement of his business until
Saturday next, m order that we may send the
appropriation bills to the Senate with a view to ,
have them under consideration there as soon as |
possible. I am perfectly willing- that Saturday
be devoted exclusively to the business of the
District of Columbia. I insist that the previous ]
order of the House, making the appropriation j
bills the special order for each day, be executed. '
The SPEAKER. The appropriation bills are, '
by the order of the House, the special order in !
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the !
Union; but this day has been set apart by the !
House,by special order, for the consideration of ;
business relating to the District of Columbia. It
will be m order for the gentleman from Ohio to
move tiiat the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee °f the Whole on the state of the Union,
and th# House can act upon that motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish the House to
understand distinctly that I do not wish to em-
barrass the business relating to the District of
Columbia. I only ask that the chairman will con-
sent to the postponement of its consideration
until Saturday, and fix that day for that business;
and in the mean time that we shall consider the
appropriation bills and send them to the Senate.
That course will expedite the public business. I
move, therefore, that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MEACHAM. I have yielded the floor
only for the point of order. If the order of the
House, making" the appropriation bills the spe-
cial order for each day, will override this special
order, it can override it on Saturday as well as
to-day.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will give to the gentle-
man my pledge, that I will not ask the consider-
ation of the appropriation bills on Saturday.
Mr. GOODE. I would inquire of the gentle-
man from Ohio whether Friday would not suit
his convenience as well as Saturday? My own
opinion is that the House should go on with the
business fixed for to-day. This is the only day
of the session appropriated to the Committee for
the District of Columbia, whereas every day of
the session is a special order for the appropriation
bills. I repeat, therefore, that the business ought
to go on to-day.
Mr. MEACHAM. If the gentleman from
Ohio will agree to fix Friday, I will yield for that
purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the chairman of the
Committee for the District of Columbia will agree
to confine the business to Friday, and not to run
into the following day, I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont then moves that the further consideration
of the business of the District of Columbia be
assigned for Friday next, and that that day be
specially set apart for that purpose.
Mr. MEACHAM. With the general under-
standing of the House that that day be set
apart.
Mr. WALKER. I hope the gentleman from
Vermont will withdraw that motion. Friday is
known to be allotted to the Private Calendar,
and I think it wrong to pass over this business,
which is made the subject of special consideration
to-day, and fix Friday for it, thus interfering
with private business. I shall vote against it.
Mr. MEACHAM. We have got this day as-
signed to us, and as a large portion of the business
can be done very promptly in the House, with-
out going into committee, 1 propose to divide it,
and transact to-day what business can be done in
the House; and then I will yield to the gentleman
from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Vermont withdraws his motion to postpone. Re-
ports are in order relating to the District of Co-
lumbia.
Mr. DICK, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill to authorize the
extension, construction, and use of the Metropol-
itan Railroad Company into and within the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
ALEXANDRIA CANAL COMPANY.
Mr. GOODE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to enlarge the rights and privileges
of the Alexandria Canal Company, and to give8
the assent of the United States to the provisions
of an act of Assembly of Virginia, passed March
18, 1856, entitled "An act to amend the charterof
the Alexandria Canal Company;" which was
read a first and second time.
The provisions of the bill are in reference to
water rights and other privileges of the Alex-
andria Canal Company.
Mr. GOODE moved the previous question.
Tile previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. GOODE moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was passed.
Mr. GOODE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which lat-
ter motion was agreed to.
EDUCATION IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move to have taken from
the Speaker's table Senate bill No. 341 for con-
sideration at this time.
The motion was agreed to; and an act (S. No.
341) to provide for the public instruction of youth
in primary schools throughout the county of
Washington, in the Distnctof Columbia,without
the limits of the cities of Washington and George-
town, was taken from the Speaker's table, and
read a first and second time.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. MEACHAM moved the previous ques-
tion.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, but was
interrupted by
Mr. MORGAN, who said: I wish to call the
attention of the House to the fact, that this is
merely a bill to authorize the inhabitants of the
District to organize school districts, and to tax
themselves for the support of their school system.
The bill is a long one, and I hope the reading
will not be insisted on.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If gentlemen are
tired of hearing that bill read, I will move that
it be referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia. This is the first time this bill has
ever been before the House. It is an important
bill. Its provisions may be all right, but I sub-
mit that it is not safe legislation to take up a bill
of this length and importance, and without read-
ing to pass it, when not one member in the
House understands anything of its provisions,
with the exception of the members of the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. MEACHAM. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The reading of the bill was then resumed and
concluded.
Mr. JONES. Is it in order to move to commit
the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, the previous ques-
tion having been called.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this is a good bill,
with the exception of the twentieth section, and
particularly the last clause of the section, which
makes the trustees inquisitors into the circum-
stances and property of the different families in
the districts.
The twentieth section is as follows:
Sec. 20. Jtnd be it further enacted, That the trustees of
any primary school district in said county shall be, and they
are hereby, authorized m their discretion to require from
:my eluid attending school the payment of any sum of money
not exceeding one dollar a month, to be applied to the pay-
ment ol the expcm.es of said di^tact school; and in the
exeicise of this power the trustees aforesaid may, from
tune to tune, discontinue the payment thereof altogether,
or may graduate the payments according to the ability of
the children and the exigencies ol the school.
Mr. MEACHAM. I insist upon the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, asked for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barbour
and Bowie were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 100, noes 25.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
. and it was accordingly read the third time,
j Mr. MEACHAM. I call for the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. MEACHAM. I call for tellers on the
passage of the bill.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clark, of
Connecticut, and Winsloit, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes Do, noes 25.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MEACHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLUMBIA LIBRARY.
Mr. MEACHAM, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back a bill
