MQ
4PPSSVPIX TO YJfE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. herson.
Senate.
duty of this House would not be the less iraper-
utivc to proceed with the inquiry, if I should
stand in my place and resist every attempt
towards an investigation.
It is said that giving this committee power to ,
send for persons and papers would involve an t
cno^nious expense. I cannot see how the item of j
expense can be urged as an objection. This dis- ,
cussion has already involyed an expense which j
would have paid for the investigation over and over
again. It is admitted, on all hands, that the ques-
tion involved must be decided by some one. Sup-
pose the Executive decides it. Does thatdeterm- j
ine the right of the sitting Delegate to his seat,
or the right of the contestant? The Executive i
cannot decide upon the right of a member to his
•eat. No decision that the Executive can make
can affect this right. This House must make
the decision. It must decide qfter having investi-
gated the subject, or without an investigation.
The charge is brought to our notice. We have
discussed it, and we must act one way or the
(pther. . .
The expense which the committee will incur
cannot properly be urged. The parties are mar-
shaling their forces upon the plains of Kansas.
The Executive has applied to us for money and
other means of war for military operations. We
hear of the steady, firm} determination of the citi-
zens in Kansas to resist the usurpation, and to
live and die freemen. We know that the sym-
pathies of the country are aroused in their behalf.
If the charges made by the contestant, and set
forth in the report, are true, the people of Kansas
will never submit to have those bloody laws im-
posed upon them by force. If the charges are j
true, they ought not to submit. The proposed '
investigation is the only means of arriving at a
peaceful solution. The Executive may carry
war and destruction among the inhabitants of !
Kansas, but he cannot convince them that they
ought to submit to foreign rule. I am satisfied
^lat a full exposure of all the facts, by the means
proposed by the committee, will restore harmony
and prosperity to that part of our country.
naval retiring board.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
March 31, 1856.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolutions, submitted by Mr. Iverson on the
5$th of February:
, Resolved, That a committee of Senators be appointed
by the Chair, with power to send for persons and papers ;
and that said committee be, and are hereby, authorized and
instructed to summon before it the members of the late
" Naval Retiring Board," or such of them as may be con-
veniently brought before the committee, and examine them
upon oath as to the facts arid evidence, grounds and reasons,
upon which the action of said board was founded in each
case of the officers recommended to be pat upon the retired
list, or dropped from tbe service; and that said committee
be further instructed to inquire and obtain any other facts
which in their opinion may bear upon the cases aforesaid,
and report the same to the Senate.
. Jbd.be it further resolved, That said committee be au-
thorized and instructed to ad vise and consult with the Pres-
ident of the United States, in relation to the cases of said
retired and dropped officers, with the view of correcting
any error or injustice which may have been committed by
the action of said retiring board, by tbe reappointment, or
restoration by the President, of such officers as may have
been unjustly or improperly retired or dropped.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, it seems to be
generally conceded on all hands, so far as I have
been able to gather public sentiment here or else-
where, that much injustice has been done by the
action of the late naval board and its approval by
the President of the United States, The Secre-
tary of the Navy, although he recommended the
approval of the entire action of that board by the
President, seems to admit that individual injustice
has been done to many officers who have been
affected by it. The Committee on Naval Affairs,
who have perhaps investigated this subject more
thoroughly than anybody else, admit that indi-
vidual injustice has been done. Although they
have presented a lengthy and elaborate report to
justify., not only the law, but the proceedings of
the board under it, they admit that individual cases
of injustice exist, and have reported a bill which
is intended as a remedy for them. Senators who
have addressed the Senate in favor of the policy
and wisdom of the law, as well as the action of the
board, all seem to admit that injustice has been
. committed. The officers themselves—many of
! them at least—complain bitterly of the wrong that
has been done to them; and the almost universal
public voice condemns the proceedings of this
; board.
Although I do not pretend to know personally
any case of injustice which has been inflicted by
this board, yet, in common with many Senators
who have expressed a similar opinion, in common
with the great mass of the public press and the
people who have spoken their sentiments freely
and fully on this subject, I believe much wrong
has been done. Sir, can it be true, that nearly
one third of the officers of the American Navy
are incapable of discharging the duties appertain-
ing to their respective grades, that so many o£ our
officers are both physically and morally incom-
petent to the discharge o'f their duties?
The people of the United States have been
taught to believe that the officers of the American
Navy for courage, fidelity, official capacity, and
ability, are inferior to the officers of no navy of
any nation on the face of the earth. They have not
only been the pride and boast of their own coun-
trymen, but they have challenged the respect and
admiration of the world. When and where, sir,
has it been that the officers of our Navy have
exhibited a want of capacity in the discharge of
their duties ? For more than forty years, in all
j the vicissitudes of war and of peace, through
j every trial and scene through which they have
; passed, in the paths of navigation and commerce,
; in the fields of science, in expositions of national
laws, in official correspondence, and in the main-
; tenance of the rights, interests, and honor of the
; nation, they have exhibited a courage, fidelity,
and capacity, not surpassed—rarely equaled—by
. the officers of any nation in the world. When
and where is it that the officers of your Navy
have exhibited a want of sufficient capacity to
discharge their duties? Many of those very offi-
cers who have fallen under the ban of the naval
board, have been engaged in the active and actual
service of the country, in the discharge of im-
portant and responsible duties, for many years
immediately preceding their condemnation by this
board; and many of those officers who have been
adjudged by the naval board to be incompetent
to discharge their duties were actually in the
employment of the Government at the very mo-
ment when they were denounced as worn-out and
worthless drones. I do not believe that so many
of our naval officers are incompetent and unfit for
duty. I cannot believe that such a wholesale
judgment of condemnation is deserved. I do not
believe that the American people have been so
much mistaken in the high estimate which they
have placed on their naval officers.
But, sir, if these officers have been so unfit for
duty, as justly to fall under the condemnation
which has been passed upon them, I ask how it
is that they have been employed in-the public
service by the distinguished men who have pre-
sided over the Navy Department ? Many of these
very officers have not only been employed by
former Secretaries of the Navy in important and
responsible trusts, but they have been selected
and employed by the present distinguished and
able man who is at the head of that Department.
Then, if the judgments of the naval board be cor-
rect, not only the present Secretary of the Navy,
but many of his predecessors have been guilty of
a gross violation of official duty in committing
important and responsible commands and trusts
to incapable and incompetent officers. How is it
that the Secretary of the Navy has intrusted the
command of your ships of war and of squadrons—
commands and duties involving the rights, and in-
terests, and honor of the country—how dare he
commit such important trusts to incompetent and
incapable officers? Sir, I am unwilling to adopt a !
conclusion which condemns the official intelligence
and integrity of the Navy Department. I choose
rather to suppose that the naval board have, erred,
and that rank injustice has been done by them.
Nor is it at all surprising, Mr. President, that
injustice should have been done by the board,
considering the circumstances by which they were
surrounded. Putting the most charitable con-
struction on their motives and conduct, it seems
to me that injustice was inevitable. With the
very best intentions to do right, they could not
have avoided the commission of wrong.
The duty of this board, under the law and the
regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the
Navy, was to institute a " careful " investiga-
tion into the case of every officer of the American
Navy, to ascertain whether each officer was capa-
ble or incapable of discharging, promptly and
efficiently, all the duties which appertained to his
respective grade. This was the duty of the naval
board. There were seven hundred and twelve
officers of the Navy, whose cases ought to have
been—if they were not—carefully examined.
But there were fifteen officers of this board. I do
not suppose that they made any examination into
their own cases, for I apprehend that their own
capacity was at least a "foregone conclusion."
But I will say that if they had instituted a care-
ful examination into their own cases, and applied
the same test to themselves which it is understood
and believed they applied to others, there is more
than one member of the board who would now,
probably, be standing side by side with the officers
whom they have retired or dismissed. Still,
leaving out these fifteen, there were six hundred
and ninety-seven cases to be examined, cases in-
volving the rights, the interests, the feelings, the
conduct, and the character of every member of
the Navy; and how much time was taken up in
this important and delicate proceeding ? We are
informed by official communications, that the
board was in session thirty-six days; that is to
say, there were thirty-six days intervening be-
tween the time of their assembling and adjourn-
ment. Five of these days were Sundays; two
days were lost by the non-attendance of members;
so that they were in fact only twenty-nine days
in actual session; which, at the average of five
hours per day—the time generally computed, and
I believe ascertained to have been spent by them—
would make one hundred and forty-five hours
spent in this examination. This amount, divided
amongst the six hundred and ninety-seven cases,
which were to be examined by the board, if in-
deed they discharged their duty as they ought to
have done, would give twelve minutes and twenty-
eight seconds to each case.
But, sir, it is alleged that they made no exam-
ination in regard to a large batch of those officers.
The president of the board himself, in his com-
munication to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
states,in substance, that in about five hundred
cases no examination was made. The Register
was called, and, if no member of the board ob-
jected to any particular officer, his case was set
down and laid aside, the officer pronounced com-
petent. If, therefore, they spent every moment of
their time in the examination of the two hundred
and one officers whom they did try and condemn,
there were only forty-three minutes and fifteen
seconds devoted to each case;and making aliberal
allowance for time spent in other preliminajy
occupations, supposing that they spent at least a
few moments of each, day in other considerations
than the investigation of these two hundred and
one cases, there was not, probably, thirty minutes
spent by the board in the examination of the cases
of these officers whom they condemned. Why,
sir, the extraordinary brevity, the hot haste with
which the naval board applied the ax to the necka
of their unfortunate victims, has a parallel only
in that celebrated incident in the history of the
hump-backed tyrant, when he. uttered the mem-
orable command:
" Off with Ws he d !
So much far Buckingham!"
Mr. President, if it were not for the gr&v&&od
dignified character of the performers, in this
drama, and the deep tragedy of its concluding-
scenes, I should be disposed to characterize the
whole proceeding as an absurd and ridiculous
farce. Forty-three minutes and fifteen seconds,
perhaps not thirty minutes, spent in the examina-
tion of cases involving such sacred and important
rights ! How careful must have been the exam-
ination !—how considerate the judgment ctf this
extraordinary tribunal!
But, sir, upon what data did the board act ? On
what evidence did they found their opinions?
From what source did they draw the knowledge
and information on which their judgments wer§
