1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE eONGEESSIONAfc GLOBE.
Sll
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Iverson.
Senate.
based ? We know that they examined no wit-
nesses; and will it be pretended that they acted
upon the personal knowledge of the members of
the board themselves ? Will any man present the
absurd proposition, that the character, conduct,
and capacity of six hundred and ninety-seven
officers of the Navy were known personally to
the members of this board, or any one of them ?
The proposition is absurd on its face. Could
they nave been acquainted even with the charac-
ter, conduct, and capacity of the two hundred
and one officers whom they condemned? It
is highly improbable, if not utterly impossible.
Did they act upon information derived from offi-
cers witn whom they conversed or corresponded !
—from ex parte and irresponsible statements made j
by their brother officers ? From what has leaked ;
out in this debate, we have reason to believe that
much of the judgment of the board was founded
on that sort of evidence; that they were employed
in fishing up testimony on which they might con-
demn their brother officers. If they did, they
relied on hearsay evidence—hearsay evidence of
the worst character, because it consisted chiefly
of ex parte and one-sided statements made by in-
terested and prejudiced witnesses, which must
necessarily have led to error. Did they found
their judgment on the records of the .Navy De-
partment—the charges and reports made by officer
r'nst officer in that Department ? It is a deplor-
truth that, amongst the officers of the Ameri-
can Navy, there is more ill-will, personal hostility
and_ wrangling, than amongst any class or pro- :
fession of our people. Cooped up as they are for ■
months and years upon long voyages in the nar-
row compass of a man-of-war, it is most natural
. —indeed it is inevitable but that they should quar- !
rel. There is scarcely a cruise of one of your
ships of war but some of the officers fall out with ,
each other, and report the conduct of their brother
officers to the Navy Department. These com-
plaints are often unfounded in truth, and gener-
ally the offspring of ill-will and personal feeling.
They are received at the Navy Department but
to be read, laid aside, and forgotten.
Was iton this kind of evidence that these officers
were condemned? From all that we have seen,
or heard, and know, in this matter, it was in this
hurried manner, with this race-horse speed, upon
this unsafe, vague, unreliable, irresponsible, and
distorted evidence, on which this wholesale judg-
ment of condemnation was founded.
_ But, Mr. President,we who, looking at the prem-
ises, observing these circumstances and causes,
have come to the conclusion, that injustice has
heen done—we who have been outside this Star J
Chamber court, are not the only persons who have ,
condemned the actions of this hoard. There is
at least one member of the board itself—one of
its most honorable and intelligent members—who
has spoken of its proceedings as monstrous. I
am authorized to say, on reliable authority, that
Commodore Perry, in a letter to Mr. Parker, one
of the disrated officers, says, in terms, that " he
hopes the time will come when the monstrous in-
justice that had been done to him (Mr. Parker)
and others would "be corrected."
Mr . SLIDELL. _ Will my friend from Georgia
permit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. IVERSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SLIDELL. I should like to know on what
Authority that assertion is made. Etas the Sen-
ator from Georgia seen that letter?
_ Mr. IVERSON. I have not seen the letter
itself.
SLIDELL. I think the Senator from
Georgia is laboring under a gross misapprehen-
sion as to the contents of Commodore Perry's
letter. I shall send for it, and be prepared to
tallant and distinguished man who was a mem-
er of the board and witnessed its proceedings—
" all of which he saw, and part of which he was."
Sir, in whatever light you look at this whole .
subject—the whole proceeding was, in my opinion, I
wrong from the beginning to the end. Ine law !
was wrong in the first place, because it created !
an unsafe and irresponsible tribunal to sit in
judgment upon the most sacred and important!
personal rights. The organization of the board
was wrong, because it violated the spirit and in-
tent of the law in the selection of interested men
to decide the questions which they were called to
try. The proceedings of the board were wrong, .
because, amongst other things, they held their
sessions in secret, because they relied on unsafe, 1
illegal, and unreliable testimony, and because they
gave no notice or opportunity of defense to those
wh6m they tried ana condemned.
I have said that the organization of the board
was wrong. The law intended to create an im-
partial tribunal. It provided, among other things,
that officers of an inferior grade should not sit in
judgment upon those of a superior order. It is
true that, nominally, this provision was carried
out in the formation of the board; but, notwith-
standing that the inferior officers were not per-
mitted to sit in judgment upon the cases of their
superiors, who can fail to perceive that every one
of those officers was in a position on the roll of
his own grade below that of many of those on
whose cases they did sit in judgment. With all
! due respect to the Secretary of the Navy, for
whom probably no man on this floor has a more
high regard than I have—with all due respect to
his better judgment, I think he ought to have
selected the five senior officers of each grade.
Those gentlemen would have had no personal in-
, terest to cut off those who were below them on
their respective grades, and their judgments and
decisions would at least have been free from the
taint and suspicion of selfishness and unfairness.
But, as it was, every officer on the board was
interested—directly, palpably, and deeply inter-
ested—in cutting off as many as possible above
him on his own roll, so that room might be made
for his individual advancement. Let us see how
the proceedings of this board have operated, and
how they have influenced the relative rank and
position of these very men. Lieutenant Maury,
in his memorial to this body, presents a very
striking and significant fact. He states that, out
of the three hundred and sixty-two officers who
stood above the junior member of the board, one
hundred and thirty-eight were found wanting,
and were retired; whereas, of the three hundred
and thirty-two (nearly as many) who stood be-
low him in the line of promotion, only forty-six
were retired.
But, sir, let us look a little further into this
matter. There were five lieutenants on the naval
board. By the operation of the board, and its
judgments, as approved by the President, and, I
if they be carried out, by the Senate, there were |
three of these gentlemen who were promoted to :
the rank of commander—Missroon, Page, and ,
Godon; whilst one other, William L. Maury, j
was advanced from No. 131 on his own roll to
No. 11; and the junior lieutenant on this board, ;
Mr. Biddle, stepped up at a single bound from ;
No. 189 to No. 50. Thus, by the operations of j
the board, at least one hundred and thirty of the '
heaviest pounds that ever weighed upon a man
were removed from the head and shoulders of j
these lieutenants. This is the result to the lieu-
tenants: three of them promoted to the rank of j
commander, and the others stepping up at least
one hundred and twenty rounds upon the ladder
know how much more importance and dignity it
gives to them, and how ambitious they are to
reach these particular points. Let us see how
it affected the captains themselves. The pre-
siding officer of the board, Captain Shubrick,
when the board assembled, was No. 7 on his roll.
By the operation of the board he came to be No.
2, with only an old and infirm man ahead of him,
who has since paid the debt of nature; and now
Captain Shubrick is the senior officer of the Navy,
ready at any moment to step into the rank of
admiral, if indeed the rank of admiral shall be
created. Captain Perry was No. 12 originally,
if I remember correctly, but by the operation of
the board, of which he was a member, he was
advanced to rank No. 4; Mr. McCauley was
carried from No. 24 up to No. 10; Mr. Stribling
from 63 to 29; and Mr. Bigelow from 66 to 32.
This is the result and effect of the operations
and judgments of this board upon their own for-
, tunes, rank, and position in their profession. I
1 know that the inferior officers had nothing to do,
apparently, with the decision of the cases of those
above them; but, looking at all the circumstances
with which this question is surrounded, who can
come to any other conclusion than that there was
a community of interest, of feeling, and of ob-
ject, which pervaded the whole board?
The friends of these gentlemen on this floor
and elsewhere have characterized them as " hon-
orable men." I will not dispute their claim to this
very common title. I do not know any of them
personally; but I have no doubt—anil I speak
with all sincerity—that they are quite as honor-
able as any other fifteen officers who could have
been selected for the performance of this delicate
and important trust; but, honorable as they were,
they were but men at last, possessing all the in-
firmities of our common humanity—subject to the
same influences, the same passions and feelings
which operate more or less ori- all men. Any
man who understands human nature knows well
how powerful, nay, how irresistible, is that soft,
seductive voice of interest and ambition to which
these gentlemen were exposed. To say that
they were in no wise affected by it is to say, not
only that they were the best fifteen men who ever
were assembled since the foundation of the world
to the present time, but it is to say that they were
more than mortal. The great dramatist has put
into the mouth of Marc Antony, in his oration
over the dead body of Caesar, words which char-
acterized Brutus, Cassius, and the other conspir-
ators who slew him, as " honorable men." They
were " all honorable men," in the language of
the orator; but no violence was done to the teach-
ings of human wisdom, or human experience,
when he also, by the most subtile and effective
insinuations, charged them with having been
controlled by the workings of a selfish ambition.
They slew Caesar, they said, for the good of Rome;
but the death of their great rival opened the door
to their own preferment to place and power.
This naval board retired two hundred and one
i officers of the Navy " to promote the efficiency
| of the Navy," but they elevated themselves to
higher, more lucrative, more honorable and im-
portant positions in their profession.
But, sir, the naval board not only,in my opin-
ion, committed error in the evidence upon which
they acted, but they ought not to have tried or
condemned any man without giving him an op-
portunity of defense. The demands of justice,
of common decency, the sacred injunctions of
the Constitution, every consideration with which
this subject can be surrounded, demanded that the
nni/>oro Tirlii-kaA AIK<AM  3 1 _ I i I
.Answer on that point
, Mr. IVERSON. I speak on the authority of
Lieutenant Bartlett. Tne very language of Com-
. modore Perry is quoted in the letter to which I
refer. Indeed, Mr. President, I have seen other
language, represented as having been Bpoken by
Commodore Perry, condemning the proceedings
of this board in stiil severer terms; but I forbear
to repeat it. I will say, however, that, if I have
. been correctly informed—and I have no doubt
• I have been—there is not a man in the- Uni-
ta dStates who has condemned the proceedings
of this board in. more decided language than that
of promotion at a bound. Let us see how it
operated on the commanders. There were five
commanders on the board; four of them, Pen-
dergrast, Buchanan, Du Pont, and Barron, were
advanced to the rank of captain, whilst the re-
maining commander, Mr. Foote, was transferred
from No. 86 to No. 13 on the roll of commanders.
That was the effect which the judgment of this
board had on the commanders who composed it.
How did it operate on the captains? It is true,
there was no higher rank to which the captains
could be advanced; but .we know veil what an
important consideration it is to these gentlemen
to stand high up on the roll of their grade. We
j officers whose cases were considered should have
I an opportunity, either by themselves or friends,
of rebutting the charges which were preferred
against them, before final judgment of condemna-
tion. With all due deference to the Secretary of
the Navy, I think he would have relieved the pro-
ceedings of the board of much of their obnoxious
character, and would have better promoted the
ends of justice, if he had instructed them to hold
| open sessions, and to hear evidence in behalf of
j tne officers. This is the first instance of which I
. have heard, since the formation of our Govern-
j ment, in all this broad land, where a secret tri-
bunal, authorized by law and sanctioned by the
Government, has been created, to sit in secret to
try the most sacred private and personal rights.
