1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
Mr. CLING MAN. I prefer to adhere to my
objection.
Mr. CARXJLE. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from New York if he is willing that this
bill shall to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and be made a special order?
Mr. PELTOX. I am perfe^ly willing; that
the bill shall take that course, as suggested by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. 0R.R, I have no objection at all to the
suggestipn of the honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee, though, as a general rule, I am opposed
to special orders; but in the present instance,
rather than have so important a bill passed in the
House without investigation, I am willing to
forego my usual objection to spccial orders, and
allow this bill to be made the special oidcr for
the fourth Monday in May, or the third Tuesday
of .Tune.
A Member. Say the first Tuesday in June.
Mr. ORR. I apprehend that members will be
rather scarce here about the first of June. [Laugh-
ter.] 1 do not think the proposition can be en-
tertained unless it be by a motion to suspend the
rules to make a special order. I will move to
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the State of the Union; and then those gentle-
men who are in favor of making it a special order
may move a resolution to that effect. I move to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the State of the Union, and ask the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will not the
gentleman from youth Carolina move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of making the biU a
special order, as suggested by the gentleman from
Tennessee, and then the bill may be committed ?
Mr. JONES. My object m proposing that the
bill should be made a special order was, to get it
into committee, where it can be investigated, and
where propositions to amend can be made; and
seeing that there was no probability that such an
investigation could be had otherwise, I was willing
that it should be made such special order, and
thus insure the action of the committee upon it,
and secure the support of the friends of the bill to
a motion to commit.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not care how much gen-
tlemen snarl up this matter, but when we come
to the point I want a vote simply upon a motion
to commit.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone has
precedence.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Gentlemen who have
addressed the House upon this subject seem to
have different views as to the proper direction of
the bill, in order to secure the action of the House
upon it. Some gentlemen desire that it shall be
postponed, others that it shall be made a special
order, so that it shall come up in Committer of
the Whole. I propose to accomplish the same
object—that is, the immediate action of the House;
and for that purpose, if it be in order, I move to
lay the bill upon the table. I wish to get clear
of the matter entirely. I make that motion, and
call for the yeas and nays upon it.
Several Members. Withdraw the motion.
Mr. GREENWOOD. At the suggestion of
gentlemen around me, who I know arc opposed
to the bill, I withdraw the motion to lay upon the
table.
Mr. M^MULLTN. What is the question
before the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is on the motion of the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Pelton] to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill until the
third Tuesday of May.
Mr. McMULLIN. If it be in order, I move
to lay that motion on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then 1 hope the motion
to postpone will be voted down.
Mr. PELTON. I am perfectly willing to with-
draw my motion, if I can be assured that the
House will consent to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee that the bill shall go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and be made the special order for the third
Tuesday of May.
. Mr. ORR. If the gentleman withdraws _his
motion I will then demand the previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I object for one. There
can be no such arrangement made.
Mr. WHITNEY. As one whose constituents
are, perhaps, as deeply interested in the action
of this body upon this bill as those of any other
gentleman'in this House, I feel that I ought not
to allow their interest to be jeoparded by a too
hasty action upon the part of the House. I am,
therefore, in favor of a postponement. And I am
in favor of it for other reasons, especially for the
purpose of obtaining information in respect to the
merits of the bill and of the condition of the
claims. Representing a commercial district in the
city of New York, whose interests are probably
involved m the return of duties provided for in
| this bill more deeply than those of any other dis-
j triet of the United States, this bill has been re-
j ported without the slightest intimation to me, and,
as far as I can learn, without consultation with
any other gentleman from that city, every one of
whom has a constituency interested in its merits.
Myself and others desire to obtain a clearer view
of the subject.
The bill, upon its face, appears to involve a
local interest, but I wish to learn whether that
local interest is complete. The principle set forth
I hold to be just, but if the interests involved have
been farmed out to parties who are to receive a
quid pro quo for forcing its passage—if those
interests have been converted into a mere specu-
lation—I stand ready to vote against tile bill. I
will not lend myself to any transaction of this
nature, nor by my vote encourage such schemes
upon the public Treasury.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I am reluctant to make a
point of order upon the gentleman from New
York, but I think his remarks are not in order.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules the gentle-
man must confine his remarks to the question of
postponement.
Mr. WHITNEY. I intend to do so. I shall
favor the motion to postpone for the reasons which
I have stated. I have xume ground to believe that
my constituents are not as directly interested as
the face of the bill would purport. If I find that
such is the fact, I shall not vote for the bill; but,
sir, if the interests embraced die I'^itimately the
interests of my constituents, I shall feel it to be
my bounden duty to sustain those interests, and
vote for these appropriations, or, rather, for this
bill in anticipation of appropriations. Thcit is
all I have to say.
Mr. ORR. What is the pending question ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone.
If the motion to postpone be negatived, then the
question recurs on the motion to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. ORR. If there be a call for the previous
question, will the House be brought to a vote
without debate on the motion to postpone?
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
quefton will cut off the motion to postp jgie, and
bring the House to a vote on the bill. The mo-
tion to commit has not been received.
Mr. ORR. I will not call for the previous
question. If, however, debate cannot be stopped,
I shall feei under the necessity of demanding it.
The House was dividing on the motion to post-
pone, when
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded tel-
lers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays,
Mr. STANTON. Is it not in order for the
'gentleman from New York so to modify his mo-
tion as to commit the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and have its
consideration postponed till the third Tuesday in
May next?
The SPEAKER. It was perfectly in order;
but the gentleman declined to make that modifi-
cation; and now, while the vote is being taken, it
is not in order.
Mr. STANTON. I am willing to have the
bill postponed and committed, provided I can
have the assurance that it will be considered at
some time during this session.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PELTON. If it be in order for me to
make the modification suggested by the gentle-
man from Ohio, I will do so.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, unless by
!I unanimous consent.
Mr. KEITT. And I object.
ij Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, as I understand
i, that some gentlemen are m favor of the motion
to postpone to a day certain from an apprehen-
sion that, if the bill is referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, it can-
not be reached, I desire to ask the Chair, and the
answer will be a reply to an inquiry just ad-
dressed to him by the gentleman from Ohio,
whether, when the bill has been committed, and
the House has resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, it will
not be in order for a bare majority of the Com-
mittee to postpone all bills before this one on the
Calendar and proceed to its consideration ?
The SPEAKER, It is impossible for the
Chair to anticipate what will be the judgment
of the committee on the order of its own busi-
ness.
Mr. MILLSON. Will it not be competent for
a majority of the committee, if the bill be referred
to it, to take it up at any time ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
the question. The committee has the disposition
of its own business.
Mr. HAVEN. Pdemand the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been demanded by the gentleman from Missouri.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. If the previous question be de-
manded and sustained, will not the effect be to
cut off the motion to postpone ?
The SPEAKER. It would cut off the motion a
to postpone, and bring the House to a direct vote "
on the bill.
Mr. ORR. Would it also cut off the motion
to commit.
The SPEAKER. The motion to commit has
not been received. Under the rules a motion to
postpone has precedence of a motion to commit.
Mr. ORR. That is true; but is not the motion
to commit entertained to be voted on in the event
of the motion to postpone being rejected ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that the
motion to postpone was the first motion; and if
that be negatived, then the question recurs on
the motion to commit. If the previous question
be demanded and sustained, the motion-to post-
pone will be cut off. The motion to commit not
being received will also be cut off. If the pre-
vious question cuts off a motion made and re-
ceived, it will certainly cutoff amotion not re-
ceived.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 40, nays 117; as follows:
YE As-- Albt i;j;ht, Ilcnry Bennett, Benson,
Ijiir-s, iiiad^haw, Bioom, Lewis I). Campbell, Chalice,
Cragm, Timotln Oavi", Denver, Dickson, .Dodd, Eustis,
Fl.iirlei, llvury M. Fullci, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Hanison,
lieibcit, Hnllovvay, Mace, Mattesou, Milhvard, Moigan,
Andrew Oliver, Pelton, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Pumunec,
Simmons, Stianahan, Thormgton, Tyson, Wakeman, Wal-
bndge, Elhhu B. Wa&hbume, Israel Washburn, and Whit-
ney—40.
NAYH—Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Barksdale, HendleyS.
Bennett, Billmghuist, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
P.renton, Buffinton, Burnett, John P. Campbeil, Carlile,
Lira Clark, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Covode, Cox, Cmwibrd, Damiell, Davidson, II. Win-
ter Davis, Dean, Dowdcll, Edmundson, Evans, Gilbert,
Goode, Gieenwood, Giow, Augustus Hall, Harlan, J. Mor-
rison Harns, Sampson W. Hams, Haven, Hoffman,
Thomas R. Ilovton, Valentine B. Horton,Hughston, Jewett,
Geoige W. Jones, J.Glancy Jones, Keitt( Kelly, Kcnnett,
Ksdwell. Kimr, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Inciter,
Letehei, Lindley, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel
S. Marsha!!, Maxwell, McCarty, McMulhn, McQueen,
Mcacham, KiUian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Mornll,
Mott, Nichols, Orr, Paine, Tarker, Peek, Periy, Phelps,
Porter, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Reade, Ready, Richard-
son, Ritchie, Rivers, Jiobeits, Ruffin, fc'abm, Sandidge, Sapp,
Favage, Soott, Sevvaid, Shoiter, William ft. Smith, Sneed,
Spmner, Stanton, Swope, Talbott, Thurbton, Todd, Vail,
Valk. Wade, Waldron. Walker, Warner, Watson, Welch,
Wells, Wheeler, Woodruff, Woodworth, Dame! B. Wright,
John V. Wught, and Zollicoffer—117.
So the House refused to postpone the bill to a
day certain.
Pending the above call,
]\lr. FLORENCE (when his name was called)
said: Mr. Speaker, I have paired off with my
colleague, Mr. Ktjnkel, on more important ques-
tions than the one now under consideration; but
as this seems to assume the position of a party
division, I conclude that I cannot conscientiously
vote upon it. I desire to make this explanation
why, hcinaf in the House, my vote is not on the
record. As my vote can make no difference in
the result, this is a matter of no consequence to
any othei than myself. I declinc to vote.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House refused to postpone the bill to
