1922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
from the Committee for the District of Columbia
a bill (H. R. No. 215) to authorize the circuit
court of the District of Columbia to decree the
sale of real estate in certain cases, which was
then referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of Union, and ordered to be printed.
I now move that that committee be discharged
ftom its further consideration, and that it be taken
Up and put on its passage. It involves no appro-
priation, and it is important to the District that
It should be passed.
The question was taken on Mr. Go ode's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
" jVJV.' PHELPS. The bill provides that the
facts shall beproven by disinterested and credible
■witnesses. I do not wish the matter to be so
restricted. The facts, in some cases, may depend
on documentary proof. I move, therefore, to
atfike out the words, " by disinterested and cred-
ible witnesses," and in lieu thereof to insert the
words, " by competent proof."
Mr. GOODE. I have no objection to the
amendment.
' The amendment was agreed to.
Mr GOODE. As the oill is printed there are
some verbal inaccuracies in it. Credible is printed
creditable. I move that all such typographical
errors be corrected.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. GOODE. I call for the previous question
oil ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. QUITMAN. It strikes me that this bill
makes some radical provisions m reference to the
sale of real estate, and I should like to know
something of it. I have confidence in the com-
mittee from which it was repoited, and I ask
whether it has received the unanimous approval
of that committee?
Mr. GOODE. I have the pleasure to say to
tile gentleman that, so far as I am informed, the
committee gave its unanimous consent to this bill
with the exception of one member of the com-
mittee—a colleague of the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi. He objected. If necessary, I could state
fery briefly the provisions of the bill, and the
objects of it, but I feel that I had better not, and
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
imain question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
Accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mh GOODE moved to reconsider the vote by
yrhich the bill was passed; ami also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. GOODE, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill for the comple-
tion of the Washington Aqueduct; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
The House then took from the Speaker's table
en act (S. No. 267) to incorporate the Apothe-
caries" Association of the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
WASHINGTON MUTUAL BUILDING ASSOCIA-
TION.
Mr. CUMBACK, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back, with an
amendment, an act (S. No. 385) to incorporate
the Washington Mutual Building Association,
and called for the previous question upon the bill.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to lay the bill upon
•the table. I think it will be well for the House
to determine whether they intend to do injustice
to the individual laborers and mechanics of this
city.
Mr. CUMBACIC. I call the gentleman to
Order. Debate is not in order.
The bill and amendment were read.
Mr. PHELPS asked that the seventh section
be again read.
It was again read. It authorizes the said cor-
poration to manufacture, buy, and soli brick,
lumber, and all materials necessary for building
purposes, and to make contracts for the manu-
facture, purchase, sale, and delivery of the same,
and to buy, sell, and hold real and personal prop-
erty, not exceeding* in amount the capital and
stock specified in the bill.
To this section Mr. CUMBACK offered the
following amendment:
Provided, That the said corporation shall riot have power
to make contracts to construct buildings on any real estate
not held and owned by the said corporation.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CARLILE. I desire to know if it be in
order now, before the vote be taken on that
amendment, to move that the bill and amend-
ment be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. CARLILE. I make that motion; and I
call for the yeas and nays on it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to know whether
there is any money to be paid in by these stock-
holders, or whether it is to be a stock credit sys-
tem?
Mr. CARLILE. It is to crush out all indi-
vidual enterprise. That is it.
The SPEAKER Debate is not in order.
Mr. CUMBACK. I do not desire to occupy
the time of the House in the discussion of this
bill, but I may say that this is the simplest pos-
sible corporation that could be cieated. There
are a few persons in the city \^ho have vacant
town lots, and are paying heavy taxes. There
are other persons who have materials for build-
ing. This bill merely incorporates these persons
together, it will furnish lafcor for the mechanics
of the city, and tend to make improvements in the
city on the vacant lots. The bill—as anyone can
see from reading it—gives no power beyond the
usual simple corporate powers. They have no
power to issut; money. Each stockholder is held
liable indivulually for every tent of debt con-
tracted. It can work no injustice to any man to
incorporate these individuals for the purpose for
which they ask. 1 hope the bill will be passed
without objection.
Mr. SIMMOJNS. Are they to have the power
to hold real estate?
Mr. CUMBACK. Yes; they have the power
to hold real estate.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. Has this bill passed
the point at which it can be amended?
The SPEAKER. It has. The House has
ordered the main question to be put, and all
amendments are precluded.
The question being on Mr. Carlile's motion
to lay on the table,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the aflirmative—yeas 79, nays 64; as follows:
YKAS — Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Bell, Bh«s, Bowie,
Branch, Bullinton, O.ulwalndei, James It. ('ainpboll,
Caskn . ('unan^. Timothy Davis. Daw Dean, Don-
vei, Dnmi, Dunce, EdimituKon, Klhott, Entrie, Flagler,
Floieuce, Neiuy i\I. Ftiliri, (ioode, Giow, JJaiiau, J. Mor-
rison Ilani-i, Samp-on W. Harris, Thomas, b Hani--.,
Haven, Hickman, Tiiomfw R. ITorton, Houston, Ihmh-
Mon, J. (ilancy Jones, Kinsht, Kimkcl, bake. Letter,
Uumpliicy Marshall, Mauveil, MeCarty, Plinth Milter,
Miilwaid, Andrew ' Hivct, (h i, Peck, IVIton, Hielp*, Pike,
Porter, Uimm.m, Ilivei-., UoblmiN, Robot-, Uutlin, San-
didgc,rtapp, Simmons, Wdlimn Smith, William R. Smith,
Spume:, Stanton, Taj lor, Thuistnu, Todd, Tnppe, T\>on,
Valk, Wainer, Oadwaiader U. Washhutne, Elhlm B.
Wa&hburne, VV etch, Whitney, Williams, YViuslow, Daniel
B. Wujjht, and John V. Wright—7t).
NAVS — Ball, Barbour, TTendley S. Bennett,
Benson, BillnuihuiM, Royoe, Bradi-baw, Broom, Lewis 1).
Campbell, Chalice, Kzia Claik. Howell Cobb, Williamson
J . W. Cobb, Coli<i\, Cinnbnek, Dannell, Dick, Dodd,
Foster, (J.illowaj . Giddinsrs, Gilbert, Gian«*er, Gtoemvood,
Harrison, ilolloway, Valentine B. Uorton, Howard, Geoige
W. Jones, Kelsej, Kennctt, King, Knowlton, Knox,
Lumpkin, Mace, Matteson, Meaeham, Moigun, Morn!!,
Molt, Miutay, Not ton, Parker, Pennington, Pmjoar,
Ready, Kitehic, Sabin, Sherman, Shoiter, Sneed, Swope,
Tappan, Thmington, Wade, Walbndne, Walkei, [siaul
Washbm n. Watkin-, Wellrf, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
vvoith—fib
So the bill was laid on the table.
Pending the eali of the roll,
Mr. HORTfXV, of Ohio, stated that Mr. Al-
bright hail paired oil'with Mr. Seward.
Mr. HOFFMAN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Pettit, otherwise he should hare voted
ay.
Mr. PCTRYEAR stated that his colleague, Mr.
Reapi",, was absent on account of sickness.
Mr. CARLILE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table, and also
moved to' lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up
the executive, judicial,and legislative appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I rise to a point
; of order. This day having been set aside for the
i consideration of the business of the District of
! Columbia, the proposition was made by the gen-
i tleman from Ohio this morning, and acceded to
by the House, that the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia should be allowed to report and
dispose of the business before them that could
, be disposed of in the House, and then that the
• business in the Committee of the Whole relating
to the District of Columbia should be disposed
of on Friday.
: Mr. CAMPBELL. I made the proposition,
but it was not acceded to by the House.
i The SPEAKER. The point presented by the
gentleman from Maryland is not a point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to know, if we §;o
! into committee, whether these District bills will
1 be continued as a special order?
; The SPEAKER. They will not. The busi-
, ness of the District of Columbia, as a special
order, was limited to this day.
| Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to accomplish the
; same object sought by the Committee of Ways
1 and Means—to dispose of the appropriation bills
in committee, if these bills for the District are
1 not the special order after to-day, I shall object to
! anymore special orders being made. Itisgetting
late in the day, and I do not know whether the
; chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
i would be able to get through with the bill before
! the committee. 1 think that, if any more time is
j to be spent upon this District business, we had
better go on with it now.
j Mr. HARRIS. I hope the gentleman from
: Ohio will allow us to go on with these bills. It
will not take very long to dispose of them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. How long ?
Mr. HARRIS. Not more than an hour.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well; i will with-
draw the motion, and allow this business to go
on until three o'clock. If I can then get the floor,
I shall move to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
BILLS REFERRED.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported a
joint resolution for the repairs of the hall of the
circuit court of the District of Columbia; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. H.,from the same committee, reported
back Senate bill (No. 214) for the benefit of the
public schools in the city of Washington; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
"WASHINGTON INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, moved that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
I Union be discharged from the further consider-
! ation of Senate bill (No. 160) to incorporate an
j insurance company in the city of Washington.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read. It provides for the incor-
poration of the Washington Insurance Company,
and makes the usual provisions establishing cor-
porations.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I ask that
the question be now taken on the following
amendment, reported by the Committee for the
District of Columbia:
In the fouith section strike out the word ''July," m
line eighth, and insertiC Septemberstrike out •' fifty-six1'
m the ninth line, and insert u fifty-seven and in the tenth
line ;-trike out " July," and insert " Septemberso that it
will lead.
Sfc 4. *1nd be it further enacted, That as soon as five
thousand share? shall be subscribed, the per&on* hereby
authorized to leceive subscriptions shall eall a meeting of
the subscribe: s, giving two weeks' notice in two of the
papers printed within the District; and the subscribers who
shall assemble, in person or by proxj, shall choose, by bal-
lot, from among the stockholders, by a majouty of vote ;
nine directois, who shall continue in office until the first
Monday m September, in the year one thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty seven; on which Monday m September, in
everv succeeding year thereafter, an election shall be held
for nine directors as aforesaid, who shall continue in office
