1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
for one year from the time of then election, and until otheis j
be chosen 111 their fctead, &e. I
The amendment was agreed to. ]
Mr. BENNETT. I call for the previous ques- ;
tion. I
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen- !
tleman will withdraw his call for the previous !
question until I offer an amendment. j
Mr. BENNETT. I withdraw it for that pur- ,
i offer the following amend-
pose.
Mr. JONES.
ment:
And be it further enactcd, That the members of said cor-
poration shall each be liable, in. lus or Ikt mdividu.il capa-
city, for all debts crcated by such corporation m favoi of
persons not members thereof.
My amendment is copied from a section of the
actmcorporating the Mutual Fire Insurance Com-
pany for the District of Columbia, approved
January 10, 1855.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENNETT. I nosv call for the previous
question.
Mr. KELSEY. I move that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call for tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Goode and
Todd were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
poued—ayes 68, noes not counted.
So the bill was laid on the table.
GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. CUMBACK, from the Committee for the j
District of Columbia, reported a bill to incorpo- ;
rate the Gas-Light Company for the cities of ;
Washington and Georgetown; which was read a (
first and second time, referred to the Committee '
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and, |
with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed. >
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILL. ;
On motion of Mr. CUMBACK, by unanimous
consent, a bill (S. No. 3:25) to extend the charter
of the Piesident and Dnoetors of the Firemen's
Insurance Company of Washington and George-
town, m the District of Columbia, was taken fi om
the Speaker's table, read a first and second tune,
and referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia. ;
WASHINGTON ARMORY.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I am di-
rected by the Committee tor the District of Colum-
bia to report back Senate bill (No. 252} to n pi- il
so much of the act of March 3, 1855, as provides
fur tile erection of an aimory m the city of Wash-
ington, with a rocomm"iuhition that it do not pa*<s.
Mr. HAVEN. If I understand what that bill
is, I think the House had hotter pass it. I only :
wish to say, that I recollect very well that I was
upon the committee of conference when the pro-
vision for the erection of this armory was agreed
to upon the civil and diplomatic bill. I remember '
that it was only after a very severe struggle that ,
the members of the committee on the pau of the 1
House consented that the provision should eo in.
They only did it then to save some important
provisions of the bill. I was opposed to it then,
and I hope the House will now pass the lull, and
repeal that law.
Mr. GREENWOOD. _ I desire to ask the-en-
tleman from New York if he is not aware that 1
the building is m process of construciion now, '
under the provisions of the former law, and that,
if the contract is abandoned now, Congress will '
be asked to compensate the contractors in a lai^e
amount of damages ?
Mr. HAVEN. 1 would say, in reply to the ,
gentleman from Arkansas, that i have no personal
feeling whatever in relation to tins armory, one
way or the other. I know that it was with the ,
greatest reluctance that this House consented to
that law when it was inserted m the civil and
diplomatic bill; and it was only upon the very
strong solicitation of a gentleman from Georgia,
m the other end of the Capitol, now no more,
that we ultimately did consent to that provision.
I presume the gentleman fiom Arkansas is right
in his statement, that this building is now in pro-
cess of construction. I believe, however, thnt
the bill now hefore us makes some provision for
disposing of the matter upon that hypothesis.
I do not intend to detain the House. I have no
choice beyond my individual opinion, that it
would be well to put an end to the construction
of the armory on the Mall, and repeal the clause.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I desire to
state to the House that the President of the United
States has been called upon to furnish information
to this House as to the construction of this
armory. It will be recollected that a special act
was passed, authorizing the President of the
United States to make a selection of a site for the
erection of this armory, which site should be as
nearly central as could be obtained within the
District. The President of the United States, in
obedience to that law, made a selection at the
junction of B and Sixth streets; and I understand
that the objection raised m the Senate to the
completion of this work, and upon which this
repeal bill is predicated, was upon the ground
that the selection made was a violation of the
intention of the original locators of the city of
Washington. It was the original intention of
Washington, in laying out this city, that the
public Malls should be"left open to intersect the
various avenues and streets of the city.
The Secretary of War has, in his report upon
that subject, furnished us with full information
upon the subject; and from his report, accom-
panied with a plat of the city, it will be seen that
these Malls, as originally laid out by Washing-
ton, every avenue and street, were to bo left open;
that the various intersections should be kept open;
but that by various acts of Congress individual
appropriations have been made of these public
grounds. The Smithsonian Institution occupies
grounds from Seventh to Twelfth streets, closing
every single avenue. In addition to that, various
houses have been erected for private purposes—
all intrenching upon these Malls.
Tt is shown by the contractors of this building
that £30.000 have been appropriated for the com-
pletion of this building; that the building is in
progress of construction; that the materials have
been collected; that the contract has been made
with the Secretary of War, m obedience to the
law authorizing its construction; that the Secre-
tary, with his usual prudence and caution, has let
out this contract at *>28.7]7 40; and that the whole
amount now required for the completion of the
budding is $*.29,717 40. The superintendent of
this building, m obedience to a call made upon
hmi, reports that, if this law is repealed, and the
conjunction of this work is suspended, the charge
upon the Government, by the contractors of this
work, up to the 1st of July, 1856, will be $52,562.
>^o you perceive that, if this repealing law of the
Senategues into elfect, and the House coucurwilh
tnc Senate in repealing this law, the cost to the
Government will be almost equal to what it will
be to finish the work under the contract made
with the Secretary of War. I feel assured that
since Congress has appropriated so much,it will
not interfere with the completion of the work;
while to complete it will cost them but little more
than to suspend the work—the difference being
between $,22,502 and $28,717 40. 1 call the pre-
vious question.
The pievious question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. PHELPS. Is the question now on the
passage of this bill ?
The SPEAKER,. The bill is reported by the
committee, with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay the bill on the
tiiblo.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid on the table, and also
moved to lav the motion to reconsider on the
table j which latter motion was agreed to.
GUARDIANS OF THE POOR. WASHINGTON.
Mr. MEACHAM, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back Senate bill
(No. 334) to incorporate the Guardians.of the
Poor.
The bill incorporates Amos Kendall and others
named therein a body politic, by the name of
"Guardians of the Poor," for the purpose of
aiding such of the poor, vicious, and ignorant as
can be improved.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
i read a third time,
I Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, called the previous
i question.
; The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PR1NGLE. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was laid
on the table.
AMENDMENT TO GEORGETOWN CHARTER.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, moved to
have taken from the Speaker's table Senate bill
(No. 353) to amend the charter of Georgetown,
in the District of Columbia.
The bill was taken up; and the question being
on ordering the bill to be read a third time,
Mr. BENNETT moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered
The bill was read. It authorizes and requires
the corporation of Georgetown to lay and impose,
the present year, the annual school tax of one
dollar on every free white male citizen aged
twenty-five years and upwards.
The second and other sections relate to the
election of officers, &c.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
first two or three lines be read again.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enactcd, That the Coiporation of Georgetown, in.
the District of Columbia, shall have full power and author-
ity, and are hereby required to lay and impose, &.c.
Mr. JONES. I move to strike out the words,
j'"and are hereby required," so as to give the
i j corporation of Georgetown full power and author-
jj itv to levy this tax. If you make it obligatory
ij upon thorn, the people of Georgetown have no
representative here, and it would be, it seems to
mc, the exercise of a very arbitrary power. It will
be taxing them without their consent. If we give
the authority to collect the tax, then the people
can elect a board which will reflect their will.
That is a principle which we should not violate.
We should give this corporation the power and
authority to levy and collect the tax, and then
leave it to the people themselves, in the elec-
tion of their board, to say whether they will have
that tax or not.
Mr. LEITER, I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Tennessee, that, if we strike out the
words ho suggests, and the people of Georgetown
should elect no board, there would be no voters
in the cif v".
Mr. SlNDIDGE. Is it in order to say a
word in reference to this bill?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, the pre-
vious question having been demanded.
Mr. JONES. I understand thegentleman from
Mississippi has no objection to the amendment
1 have suggested.
There being no objection, the amendment was
received and adopted.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SANDIDGE moved to lay the bill on the
| table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
BILL REFERRED.
Senate bill (No. 290) to relieve the Corporation
of Georgetown from the payment of bills for
making roads west of Rock creek, was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
CONSULAR SYSTEM.
Mr. PENNINGTON, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, made a
report m reference to the consular system; which
was recommitted to the same committee, and
ordered to be printed.
AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HOLLOWAY, from the Committee on
