1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
313
34th Cong 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Jverson.
Senate.
has just conferred the same power upon a com-
mittee of that body, which it is understood is
now on its way to Kansas to make important
investigations.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Perhaps the Senator does
not understand me. I understand him to propose
that we shall call before a.committee of the Senate
tlie officers of the naval board, and compel them
to answer, under oath, what opinion they gave
on the questions submitted for their action, and
the reasons for their judgment.
Mr. 1VERS0N. I propose to call the mem-
bers of the naval board before a special committee,
to be appointed for that purpose, and to examine
them on oath, and let them state the grounds, the
reasons, and the facts or evidence on which their
judgments were founded. That, I think, it is
competent for the Senate to do. There is no law
or insuperable obligation which prohibits these
individuals from disclosing facts. They can vol-
untarily disclose the facts, if they choose, them-
selves. It is true they have entered into an obli-
gation, amongst themselves, to keep these things
secret—giving, as I have said, the best evidence
that they themselves are conscious of having done
wrong, and shrink from a disclosure of the facts.
I do not doubt the power of the Senate to send
for these individuals and compel their attendance.
a committee, clothed with powerfrom the Senate,
can send for any witness. It has been done in
.many instances. Many persons have been brought
before committees of this body and examined on
oath-, and they have been compelled to answer on
oath. The Senate has the same power to do this
that a court of justice has; and to obtain the great
ends of justice which surround this whole pro-
ceeding, I think it essentially necessary that this
board should be compelled to disclose its grounds
of action, in order that we may be enabled to
decide whether they have acted correctly or not.
The friends of the naval board in this body ought
to be the first men to court an examination of
this sort; and I submit whether they do not sub-
ject themselves to an injurious suspicion when
they object to this examination? Is it not an
evidence of their own consciousness that the pro-
ceedings of the board cannot be vindicated when
they are correctly understood?
Several remedies have been proposed for the
injustice admitted to be done by this board. The
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] himself
admitting that injustice has been done, proposes
to introduce a bill to create a board of review. I
• object to that, because such a board would be !
composed of the very officers who have been pro- !
moted by the action of the late bonrd, and who
are interested in keeping things just as they are. 1
1 do not perceive that such a proceeding would
be less obnoxious to objection and censure than
the one which has already transpired. |
The naval committee have introduced a bill, by
which they intend to correct the evil which has
been done. There are some features of that bill
which I approve; there are others of which I never
can approve. They propose to create the rank of
admiral in the Navy. I see no necessity for such
a provision. I am opposed to the creation of the
rank of admiral. I would be opposed to it at any
rate, under all the circumstances, until this whole
question has been properly adjudicated, and en-
tire justice done to all the injured officers. I
would oppose it, because this higher and more im-
portant rank might be conferred on the officers of
this board itself, who have produced so much of
this mischief; and, for one, I will rot here in my
seat as a Senator before I will record my vote to
promote or confirm the nomination of a single
member of this board until the President has done
complete and ample justice to all who have been
affected by its decisions. The rank of admiral,
I suppose, and as it seems to be generally under-
stood, is intended for Commodore Stewart. What
a commentary this is on the validity and justice
of the proceedings of the board! Commodore
Stewart, who has been retired by the board, be-
cause he is incapable of performing his duties as
a captain in the Navy, is to be elevated to a still
higher, more responsible, more arduous, and more
important position, in the same service! The
Committee on Naval Affairs, who defend this law
and its execution, admittoby this bill, that injus-
tice has been done to Commodore Stewart; that
he ought not to hare been retired; that he is capa-
ble of performing his duties, because they propose
to confer on him the higher and more dignified
rank of admiral in the Navy. What a comment-
ary is it on the proceedings of the board, the law
as it was executed, and the opinion and report
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, by which
that law and its execution have been so elaborately
defended!
There is no provision made in the bill of the
committee fortne disrated officers, and those who
have been put upon the retired list. It is left en-
tirely to the action of the President to restore
them without investigation. And how can the
President act understanding^ on this subject,
unless he is informed of the grounds and causes
on which these officers have been removed ?
Here, I undertake to say, is another error in
the instructions which the Secretary of the Navy
gave, or ought to have given, to the board. He
ought to have instructed that board to keep a
memorandum of their proceedings; to keep a record
of their transactions; and to inform the President
of the particular grounds, and the evidence to
support them, on which their judgment in every
case was predicated, in order that the President
might be able to investigate, inform himself, and
judge correctly whether the board decided prop-
erly or not in each and every case.
In consequence of the absence of this informa-
tion, which the board themselves have carefully
kept to themselves, the President was driven to
the necessity of taking the proceedings of the
board and confirm or disapprove them as a whole.
Under such circumstances, the President is not
to blame for the injustice which has been inflicted
upon any one of the disrated officers; but I hum-
bly submit, that the Secretary of the Navy might
have better promoted the ends of justice if he had
compelled the board, under the instructions which
he had the power to give them, to keep a record
of the facts in each case—of the evidence upon
which they founded their judgments, to be sub-
mitted to the President for his inspection, exam-
ination, and decision.
Now I desire to supply this defect in the action
and proceedings of the board. I propose to exam-
ine the officers of the board. I want them brought
up; and on the principle that a bird that can sing
and will not sing, should be made to sing, I propose
to compel them to tell the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth—to disclose the facts on
which they relied. I want to sift them, and not
only the grounds on which they retired officers,
but to know the evidence on which that ground
was fortified and supported. I want to know
where they got the evidence; I want to know how
they got it. If they have acted dishonorably, as it
has been charged, in fishing up from unreliable
sources evidence to condemn their brother officers,
I want to extract it from them, and let them bear
the censure, if censure is properly attached to them
for such conduct. I desire to sift them; and if they
are the honorable men which they have been al-
leged to be on this floor and elsewhere, they will
not shrink from such an examination. If they
have acted right,if they have adjudged correctly, if
they are conscious of innocence themselves, they-
will be ready and willing to present to this body,
and to the world, the grounds and evidence on
which they have adjudged and condemned these
officers.
The bill of the Committee on Naval Affairs
does not reach the seat of the disease in this case.
They propose a board of inquiry, to be com-
posed of—whom ? Officers of the Navy; interested
officers; men who are quite as much interested in
keeping the disrated officers out of actual service
as the members of the board who have discharged
; them. Are we to intrust these sacred rights to
I another interested tribunal ? No, sir; I am not
willing to do that. I prefer to get the facts, and
submit them to the consideration of the Presi-
dent, with the full persuasion that he is able and
willing to do justice to these officers. He can
have no motive for'doing wrong. He can have
only one object to accomplish—to promote the
efficiency of the Navy. Inform him of the facts;
give him the evidence on which his judgment
may be exercised; allow him to look into the
hand of the naval board, as they shall present it
to a committee; and he will be able, as I hove no
doubt he is willing, to do complete and ample jus-
tice to every man who has been affected by the
decisions of the naval board.
I propose, after the examination of the naval
board is made, that a copy of the proceedings in
each case shall be submitted to the officer who has
been affected. I do not propose to go into a gen-
eral and universal examination of all the cases of
the retired officers, but to confine the examination
to those who have asked fora review,and demand
investigation. I submit that such as have de-
manded it are entitled to an investigation of this
sort. I propose to get the evidence; and having
obtained it, to call on the officers to exculpate
themselves from any charges which may have
, been preferred against them. I would not say
i that I would send for witnesses, and examine
them before this committee ; that might take too
much time, and be too tedious and expensive;
but I would give to the officers an opportunity
of bringing forward testimonials in their behalf,
under such rules and regulations as the committee
might prescribe. When this investigation should
be completed, and these testimonials obtained in
behalf of those officers, I would submit them to
the President, with a respectful request that he
would review each case, and decide according to
its merits. I have confidence that in this way a
large portion, if not the whole, of the injustice
which may have been done by the board may be
reached and corrected; and it is, in my opinion,
the only form in which we can correct the evil,
and at the same time retain any good which the
board may have done. I have no doubt that
there were some rotten materials in the Navy,
which ought to have been cut out—some officers,
who, for physical and other infirmities, deserved
to be removed—doubtless there are some such
upon the " reserved and dropped" lists made out
by the board—I have no wish to restore such
men to the active service of the Navy. The re-
peal of the late law, if it should have that effect,
would, whilst it might correct injustice, also be
productive of much harm to the service.
It is proposed to repeal the law, and repealing
the law it is contended by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mason,) who has spoken so earnestly
on this subject, would have the effect of restoring
all the retired officers to the active list; but the
Senator from Louisiana, with an astuteness for.
which he is so much distinguished, has argued
that the repeal of the law would effect only the
object of removing these men entirely from the
Navy. It is at least a doubtful proposition.
Whatever effect it may have, still the objection
to that proposition, as well as to the bill of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, is that it must
meet the sanction of the other branch of Congress.
How do we know what the House of Represent-
atives would do with any of those propositions ?
What guarantee have we that the House would
conform to the action of the Senate? What
) reason have we to suppose that the House would
concur in the repeal of the law, or in the passage
of the bill reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs. Sir, I believe that the power lies in the
hands of the Senate and the President, to correct
all the evil which this board has done. I am not
willing to part with that power. If we have it
here, we should retain it and exercise it, and
exercise it speedily and effectually.
It may be urged that too much time will be
taken up by the investigation which I propose.
Why, sir, if the naval board made a "careful
examination" into six hundred and ninety-seven
case's in twenty-nine days, I do not see why a
I; committee of the Senate might not investigate one
! hundred cases—that is about the num ber of the pe-
i' titions presented—in the same time. Certainly we
| could accomplish the whole object before the end
of the session; and even if it took more time to do
this, if we could accomplish the object of doing
justice to any injured man who has been affectea
by this board, we should not hesitate in the mat-
ter—time should not be put in the scales against
the rendition of justice. Allow time as much as
maybe consumed, provided we do justice to these
men. I believe the whole investigation may be
carried through in the course of the present ses-
sion without any inconvenience; ana before the
termination of the session, before the Senate shall
be called upon to act upon the nominations made
