1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
endeavoring for several days to get the floor,
and have introduced a resolution for reference.
He is about to leave the city, and the courtesy he
asks is one that ought to be extended to him.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Let the resolution be
read for information.
There was 110 objection; and Mr Knight's
resolution was read by the Clerk, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and are
hoieby, instructed to mqune into the expediency of a sci-
entific examination and instrumental survey of the Ohio
river, by the United States engineers, or other commission,
in behalf and at the expense of the United States, (except
at the falls of the said river, where surveys have alieady
been made by the United States.) so as to enable such en-
gineers, or conuni&moii, to i upon fully upon the feasibility,
commeicial utility, and estimated cost of the constructing
of a dam and lock navigation on said nver, sir'ted to the
trade and travel upon the same, thiough the entne length
between the city of PitU-buig and the mouth theieof, near
Cairo. And also of the feasibility, and comparative com-
mercial utility, and estimated co-t of improving the naviga-
tion of the said river, to the extent aforesaid, without dams
and locks in the channel, (oveept at the falls* afoi e aid,) by
the method of a supply of water, when nece^ary, trom
reservoirs, aspioposed by Charles Eilet, Jr , civil engineer,
in a luemoii pulm-hed by the Smiru-onian Institution. The
navigation, in either ca«e, to be such, at all times, as to ac-
commodate steamboats drawing five feet of water at the
least; and otherwise suited to the wants of the trade and
travel to pa^s upon that nvei. The paid engmeois or com-
mission, al>o to investigate, at the same time, andrepoit the
least height in the clear above low-water mark, for all
bridges hereafter to be erected over the said liver; and the
least breadth of water-way between the adjacent piers of
su£h budges in the channel, or in that part of it where the
n*igation will be ino&tconcenti ated; and that the said com-
mittee have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to the resolution.
Mr. COBB. Then I insist on the motion to
adjourn.
Mr. KNIGHT. I hope the House will vote
down the motion to adjourn, in order that I may
move to suspend the rules.
Mr. COBB. If the House refuse to adjourn to
enable thegentleman to move a suspension of the
rules to introduce his proposition, I would sug-
gest that the motion would not be in order, for
the reason that the House is acting under a sus-
pension of the rules. If the motion to adjourn be
voted down, the question will recur on the busi-
ness pending before the House. I have no objec-
tion to the gentleman's resolution, but we cannot
reach what he desires in the maimer susrgested.^
The SPEAKER. Inasmuch as the House is
acting under a suspension of the rules, the gen-
tleman could introduce his resolution only by
unanimous consent. Is there objection to the
resolution?
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to it. There is not a
quorum present, and I object to any business
until there is a quorum.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand tollers on the
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ruffin and
Mattesoj* were appointed.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes 47, noes 51; no quorum voting.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that there
be a call of the House. There is no quorum
present.
The SPEAKER. The motion that there be a
call of the House cannot be entertained pending
a motion to adjourn.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw the demand for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The tellers report—ayes 47,
noes 51. So the House refuses to adjourn.
Mr. JONES. I move that there be a call of the
House.
Mr. COBB. And I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past three o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
journed until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
TcE<?r>\Y, April 29, 1856.
Prayer by R^v. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, m answer to a resolution asking
for liis opinion as to whether the building con-
structed at Milwaukie, Wisconsin, for a custom-
house, post office, and United States courtrooms,
was sufficiently large to accomplish the objects
designed by its erection; which, on motion of Mr.
Weller, was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of citi-
zens of Boston, Massachusetts, praying for the
adoption of measures for the protection of Cape
Cod harbor; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. HAMLIN presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Maine, requesting the Senaloisand
Representatives of that State in Congress to op-
pose the further extension of the patent granted
to William Woodworth for a planing machine;
which were ordered to lie upon the table, and be
printed.
Mr. FOSTER presented a memorial of Philo
S. Shelton and his associates, engaged in the
guano trade, praying indemnity for losses sus-
tained in consequence of the action of the Gov-
ernment of Venezuela, and that they may be con-
firmed in their title to a certain island in the
Caribbean sea, called She!ton's Isle; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of inhab-
itants of Michigan, for the establishment of a mail
route between Sevastopol and Newaga, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
message from the house.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House of Representatives had
passed the bill of the Senate (S. No. 33) to alter
and amend an act entitled " An act to establish a
circuit court of the United States in and for the
State of California," approved March 3d, 185*2;
with amendments; m which they requested the
concurronce of the Senate.
Alsothat the President of the United States, on
the 23d instant, approved and signed the follow-
ing acts and joint resolution:
H. R. No. 69: An act to make appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th June, 1857.
H. R. No. 78: An act to change the times of
holding the United States courts for the southern
district of Illinois.
H. R. No. 129: An act to repeal part of an act
entitled " An act to provide for the safe-keeping
of the acts, records, and seal of the United States,
and for other purposes.
II. R. No. 258: An act to authorize the issue
of a register to the brig Echo, of Boston.
H. R. No. 279: An^act for the relief ofjVIary
E. Tillman.
H. R. No. 280: An act to continue half-pay to
Mrs. Lewright Browning, for the further time of
five years.
J. R. No. 5: A joint resolution relating to the.
public lands appertaining to the Springfield and
I-Iarpor's Ferry armories,and the North Carolina
arsenal.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdiaw the petition
and papers of Lucretia Barton.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Richard \V. Meade, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. JONES, ofTennessee, it was
Ordered, That Whitemar h B. Seabrook and Joseph
Whaley have leave to withdraw their petitions and papers.
Fremont's California battalion.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate the final repot I made by the late
boa.d of Army officers upon the claims presented to them
under authority of the MXth section of the act of August .il,
for funds advanced, and sub^tence and supplier [
furnished or taken, for the use of Fi-Smont's California Bat- j
tahon in 1846.
cape cod harbor.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agieed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on CtfmmSrcte he directed
to consider the expediency of an additional appropriation
for the protection of Cape Cod haihor, by building a dike
across the river called East Harbor.
lake commerce.
Mr. DODGrE offered the following resolution;-
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate the reports lately made by Lieu-
tenant Colonel J. D. Giaham, relating to the haibors and
commerce of the lakes and rivers withm the States of Mich-
igan and Wisconsin.
bills introduced.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con-
sentobtaincd, leave to bring in a bill (S.No.272,)
to provide for- the punishment of certain crimes
therein mentioned; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. MALLORY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 273) to issue a register to the bark Tropic
Bird; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
reports from standing committees.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred the bill in relation
to the five per centum of the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands in the State of Iowa, and the
bill to settle certain accounts between the United
States and the State of Mississippi, reported them
with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill to provide for the payment
to the State of Missouri of two per centum of the
net proceeds of the sales of the public lands
therein, heretofore reserved under a compact with
said State, reported it without amendment.
Mr. YCJLEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 266) authorizing the erection of a
post office and United States court-room in the
city of Madison, State of Wisconsin, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary;-which was agreed to.
MARCY's EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. J"OHNSON. I am instructed b^ the Com- ^
mittee on Printing to report the followingresolu-
tion: *
Resolved, That there be printed and bound for the u?e of
the Senate ten thousand extra copies, in addition to the
regular numbtn, ol the icpoitot the exploration of the sources
of the r5ia-o->and Hip Wachitanveis, in 1854, by Captain R.
B. M.ircy, together with the maps and plates necessary to
lllustiaU' the same.
I have the estimate of the Superintendent , of
Printing, showing that the whole cost will be
$3,293. I ask for its consideration now.
Mr. WELLER. How many copies are pro-
posed to be printed?
Mr. JOHNSON. Ten thousand.
Mr. WELLER. At what cost?
Mr. JOHNSON. Three thousand two hun-
dred and ninety-three dollars. The estimate of
the Superintendent is that for the regular number
—fourteen hundred copies. The composition and
press-work will cost §118 38; the paper, $60 90;
the maps and plates, $361 76; the insertioii of the
maps and plates, $2 12: making the total cost of
fourteen hundred copies, $543 16. Each addi-
tional thousand will cost $150; and the binding
of each volume twelve and a half cents. The
whole cost of the regular number, and ten thou-
sand extra copies, will therefore be $3,293 16.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to vote for pant-
in0- the regular number—one thousand four hun-
dred copies; but I am not willing to vote for
printing extra numbers of these documents for the
purpose of distribution.
Mr. JOHNSON. This report has been lying
in the War Department for about two years. It
is the report of an exploration of the country north
of Texas and west of Arkansas, which is filled
with wild Indian tribes. The couniry explored
is a portion of this continent, within our own
limits, concerning which we had no informatioii
whatever before the time when this exploration
was made. The document was brought to the
Senate in consequence of a resolution offered by
some Senator—1 forget who—on the other side
of the Chamber.
Mr. FOSTER,. I called for it.
Mr  JOHNSON. The cost is snrall* ana are
