1050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29*
information is certainly very desirable. It is in
regard to l region of country concerning which,
anterior to this exploration, we knew nothing
at ail.
1 cordially concur with the objections of the
Senator from Virginia to the system of congres-
sional book-making. If, however, we intend to
print any reports of explorations, I prefer that
we should print those which relate to a i*cgion
within the limits of the United States, rather than
the whole wide world outside of it.
There is no exploiation that has been ordered
by Congress, in regard to which I have been
more thoroughly satisfied that the work has been
well performed. The facts developed by this ex- |
ploration have not been given to the public. The ;
report is here now. The cost of printing it will ;
be very little; but still iny sympathy with the ob- i
jections of the Senator from Virginia, in regard ;
to book-making and publishing,is so strong,that
I shall not feel at all chagrined or disappointed j
if the Senate reject the resolution. I make the !
report as the committee have instructed me to do,
and as we agreed upon it in the conscientious
discharge of our duty to this body.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 do not mean to disparage
the value of the report; I have no doubt that the
Senator from Arkansas is right as to that point;
but I think we accomplish ail that can justly he
required at oui hands when we print the usual
number. That will make tliM information access-
ible. When wo had a dobatc on this question
on the deficiency bill—when there was a huge
appropna'io,) proposed to pay for deficiencies in 1
priming. I thought theie was a general under- 1
standing in the Senate, that for the future we
should endeavor to cut oil this hook-making busi- 1
ncss. We must begin somewhere; and it seems ;
to me that the best mode for us to regulate our con- '
duct in regard to this matter will be to print only i
the regular number, and not to print extra copics. !
Tt is the temptation to print, these extra numbe<w
for the purpose of circulating hooks which are
eagerly sought after by the community, that has
led to ourenonnou-icxpenses forprintiug. Whilst
1 am lVee to admit, that this is as valuable as
any other wo, k, and probably more valuable than
many books which we hu\e printed, 1 think we
ought to make a begi'imug somewie ie, and we
m.-y as well make it lime as anywhere else. I
hope the r- solution will not be passed.
Mr. FOSTER. I am certainly not desirous of ,
debating thw question, or of taking up the time 1
of the Senate upon it; but I introduced the reso- -
lution calling on the War Department lbr this
work, because, from the sources of information :
which 1 had, ! was satisfied that the report was !
one which would be of great value if it could be ,
circulated in the country. I believe so still. The !
Committee on Pi intini> so lepoi t aftei the debate 1
in the Senate the otherday, wle-n these questions 1
of economy were eei La inly urged with great force; 1
and, in mow of that debate, they recommend the :
publication of this exploration. '
Notwithstanding what has fallen from thehon- 1
orable Senator from Virginia, I cannot but hope i
that -the Senate will order the printing of the j
extra number. The printing of the usual number j
Will be comparatively of very little service; in- j
deed, it will be almost tin own away, for they ;
can go into but very few hands. The people uf ;
the country generally want the information; but, 1
if only one thousand or fourteen hundred copies
be printed, they, of course, will fall into the
hands of but very few. I trust that the addi- ;
tional expense, which certainly is not huge, will i
not be on obstacle to circulating this valuable m- j
formation about our own country, and about a I
part of the country not known—not before ex- j
plored—in oider that it may go into the hands
of those who are desirous of possessing it. |
IXTr.BENJA.AlIN. There is, perhaps, no prop-
osition of this nature to which 1 would more j
reluctantly apply the test of constitutionality to j
which i referred the other day, than to that which >
has now arisen in the Senate. The region of j
country m which Marcy's exploration took place i
is undoubtedly an unknown region; it is one in !
relation to which we all need information; but, |
sir, .t will be recollected by the Senate that I m- i
troduced a iesolution some days ago, which was
adopted, directing the Committee on Printing to
inquire into the expediency of reporting some
measure of legislation by which the right to print
any further number of copies of any document
than might be required by either House, m the
exercise of its legislative duties, should only take
place by virtue of some joint resolution or law
passed by the two Houses, I believing that that
is the only manner in which constitutionally we
can appropriate money.
1 am aware, Mr. President, that the habit of
passing resolutions in each body for the printing
of documents for distribution, and of paying for
that printing out of the contingent fund of each
body, has grown to be the settled practice of the
Government; but the origin of it is not very far
back; and I must confess that, after nnture delib-
eration upon the subject, I am utterly at a loss to
conceive upon what ground the Senate of the
United States can undertake to appropriate the
public money to print books for distribution
i thiough the country without the consent of the
j other House. The Constitution requires all ap-
j propnations of the public money to be made " by
: law;" it requires that both branches of Congress
! shall concur in the appropriation, and that that
! appropriation shall be approved by the President
] of the United States.
| I am aware that the appropriation of a con-
tingent fund for each body ism strict conformity
, with the Constitution; but nothing can bfr a
greater abuse than, under the pretext of appio-
1 pnatmg money for the contingent expenses of
! each House, to appropriate sums of money which
■ are not expended for the use of the body itself,
1 but which are expended for other general and
■ public purposes. I have no doubt of our right
to expend money for printing anything which we
■ require for our own use; but on what ground do
: we appropriate $3,000, any more than &3,000,000,
j for distributing books among the people of the
| United States? Where is the limit ? Upon what
| aiticle of the Constitution do gentlemen base the
right to appropriate money in this way?
j I simply throw out these suggestions for the
! consideration of members. I think the subject
is well worthy of reflection. We ought Jo con-
sider whence we deiive the power to appropriate
money out of the public Treasury of the country
for the distribution of books. 1 can find it no-
where; and unless some gentleman will be kind
enough to point it out to me, as a matter of con-
stitutional duty I shall feel bound hereafter to
vote against the printing of any number of vol-
umes not required for the use of the members of
the Senate, unless by a joint resolution of both
branches of Congress.
1 Mr. FiTZPATRICK. I concurred with the
. honorable chairman of the Committeeon Printing,
| i\Ir. Johnson,] in reporting this resolution to the
I Senate in the shape m which it is presented. 1
am very glad, however, that the gentleman from
Viigirfm 1ms raised the question of the propriety
■ of printing extra numbers of documents. I think
it i« time that the Senate should settle whether
. they are resolved on publishing all explorations
! that we have, or whether we shall only do it in
rare and extreme cases.
If there is a country about which our own
people should know7 anything, it is that embraced
in this survey. I was rather reluctant to move
; in the matter until the return of my colleague
on the committee, knowing that he resided in
[ the neighborhood of that region, and felt a deep
i interest in matters conncctcd with it. Similar
j reports to this are being prepared; they are going
I on regularly; and until the Senate come'to a
solemn and deliberate determination as to what
; should be done with them, the Committee on
1 Printing will labor under embarrassment. 1
| know that much has been said on this general
: question; and I am fully acquainted with theposi-
! tion which the Senate assumed m reference to a
. much smaller appropriation than this. If it is to
[ be the settled policy to refuse these appropria-
! tions, it will relieve the committee of an onerous
! duty under which they have been laboring for
years past; we shall have no more calls for the
reports of these explorations; and the Senate
; will be rid of them, which is, perhaps, a "con-
I summation devoutly to be wished."
I differ, however, with my honorable friend
i from Virginia in reference to the publication of
I what is called the usual number. Unless we j
1 print the whole number recommended by the !
. committee in this instance, I think it is safer and j
i more prudent to make no publication at ail* The i
printing of what is called the usual number—
fourteen hundred copies—will afford to each sen-
ator only two or three copies undcr our system
of distribution. That number will < ~>st the Gov-
ernment between five and six hundred dollars.
If, therefore, we publish any, 1 am in favor of
publishing the "ttholu number recommended by
the committee, or none.
I shall vote for the resolution as reported; but
so anxious am I to put a stop to this inordinate
expenditure of the public money, that I concur
with my honorable colleague on the commit-
tee [Mr. Johnson] in saying that I shall feel no
regret if the Senate shall refuse to concur in our
report. If they shall not concur in the report, I
will vote against the publication of the fourteen
hundred copies—the usual number—and shall
consider myself instructed by the Senate hereaf-
ter to report against all propositions of a kindred
character.
In relation to the constitutional question sub-
mitted by my honorable friend from Louisiana,
[Mr. Benjamin,] 1 am free to say there is much
involved in it. That question has not been dis-
posed of by the committee, for the reason that one
of our members is absent, and we deemed it best
to let it rest until we had a full committee. At a
proper time we shall take it up and come to some
conclusion, and present it to the Senate. I trust
the Senate will adopt the report as made, or will
refuse to publish the usual number. %
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to suggest to the
Senate that it would hardly be proper, on a small
matter like this, to consume the whole morning.
I do not care, and I am certain that the entire
committee do not care, whether the publication be
made or not. I do not wish to discuss now tho
abstract questions which have been raised. There
are other matters of considerable importance
pressing, and which should be disposed of; and a
regard for them should prevent us ft om indulg-
ing in a general debate on this subject. I have
one more report to make, on which, perhaps, de-
bate will be more appropriate than on this. If
it be the sentiment of the Senate to arrest this
practice at once, no one will more cordially unite
and concur in their action than myself. 1 trust,
however, that we shall get a vote on the ques-
tion.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to strike out of the
resolution the words " ten thousand copies in
addition to," so that it will read, "that there be
printed and bound for the use of the Senate, the
regular number of the report," &c. I offer this
amendment because I think that we ought now
to establish the rule that whatever is necessary
for our own information and our own use, we
may justly print; but we ought not to print books
for the purpose of circulation among the people
generally; and I believe that they will not lose
by it if we establish this rule. There would be
more books punted on private account, if less
were done on the public account for gratuitous
distribution.
Mr. FITZPATRICIv. I should like to know
of the honorable Senator from Virginia, what use
we can make of the information in connection
with our deliberations here? The report is on
file in the War Department, and can be referred
to if it should be necessary to elicit information
in regard to that country. It can be obtained at
any future period, if it should become important.
I shall vote against striking out, arid I shall vote
for the resolution as reported by the committee;
but if I am required to vote on printing the usual
number, I shall vote against it. The information
is in the War Department, and can be obtained
at any time.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for the yeas and nays
on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. I have no speech to make on
this question; I merely wish to say a word or
two. I am very glad to hear my friends from
Aikansas and Alabama say that they feel no
special interest in this matter, butintend to abide
by the decision of the Senate. I should be ex-
ceedingly reluctant to disoblige them or do any-
thing which they might, as members of the Com-
mittee on Printing, think reflected at all on their
official conduct. For that reason, 1 am very glad
that they are willing that the sense of the Senate
shall be taken on this question as a test vote
which is in some degree to govern us hereafter.
