-m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Mr. WALKER proceeded: Some one has sent
me, from New York, a paper published in that
1Z*  3 oifrmficnnt titl** nf ' 4
the editor goes'on to quote an article which he
says appeared in the New York Tribune of Jan-
uary 8, in a letter from Washington, signed " H.
G. I did not see the paper referred to, and^my
eye never fell upon the articlc until I read it in
this journal. I will read to the House the portion
of the article here quoted.
Mr. SAVAGE. If this is to be an explanation
founded upon a newspaper article, I object to its
proceeding further, as out of order.
Several Members. Go on ! go on!
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the gentleman
from Alabama is in order.
- Mr. SAVAGE. If the editor to whom the gen-
tleman refers is in town, I think he should settle
the matter with him, out of the House.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks it is too late
to raise objection to the gentleman proceeding.
Mr. SAVAGE. I think it is not only in der-
ogation of the rights of this House, but that it is
in bad taste to bring in newspaper articles upon
this floor. I am willing, however, to make ex-
ceptions in cases where the editor may be in a
distant part of the country; but where the editor
is here in the city, I think exceptions should be
taken to his article out of the House.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Tennes-
see is out of order. The Clerk put the question
to the House, if there was any objection to the
explanation being made, and no objection was
made. It is, therefore, too late to object to his
going on at this stage of the proceedings.
.Mr. WALKER. There is nothing personally
offensive in the article. I merely wished to call
the attention of the House to it, because it mis-
stated my position, and because it evidently con-
founded me with another member upon this floor.
Whenever articles make their appearance that are
personally offensive to me, I shall follow the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Tennessee, and not
trouble the House,with them. The portion of
the articlc quoted in this paper, to which I have
referred, is in these words:
"Mr. Walker, of Alabami, averred himself not a full
member of the Democratic nor of any other party, but a
deadly opponent of squatter t-oveietgmy, and a champion
of the southern do^tnne, that any slaveholder may take
slavery into any Territory, and there exists no power any-
where to turn or keep it out. He closed, very naturally,
with an expression of his coidial approval of the Presi-
dent's message, ami an avowal of his purpose tosuppoit
General Pierce, should he be a candidate tor reflection.
"Mr. Israel Washburn, of Maine, remarked that the
gentleman's doctrine would he oithodox Democracy this
year, but would soon be superseded hv the broader and men e
logical assumption, that any slaveholder may take his human
chattels into any Stite or any Territory—a citizen of South
Carolina being as much entitled to protection in the use and
enjoyment of his propeityiii New York, a* a citizen of
Vermont has to like protection in regard to his pioper'y."
Now, sir, there is certainly nothing" personally
offensive in this language, taken from the New
York Tribune. My purpose in rising now is
merely to correct a mistake as to my position.
The ftouse will remember, that some days ago a
debate ensued upon this Hour, in which the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] in
defining his position, spoke of his non-connection
—technically so to speak—unh tho Democratic
party, and stated that he had thus far generally
acted with them because lie approved of the prin-
ciples announced by them, and that he had sup-
ported both their nominees lor Speaker in this
rlouse, because he conceived them to occupy
sound conservative opinions upon all the great
questions of the day.
Now, it is apparent that in this article I have
been confounded with the gentleman from South
Carolina. I have, at no time, in my place, even
alluded to the President's message, except at the
time of the appearance of the Kansas message,
expressing my desire, by my vote, that the
message should be received and read by the
House.
And, sir, inasmuch as this article may find its
way into my district, and may there give rise to
misconceptions as to what is my true position
here, I have felt it due to myself to state what
are the facts.
Now, sir, while I agree with the gentleman
from South Carolina fully upon this question of
squatter sovereignty, I have never publicly in
this Hall made any allusion to the President's
message; and I have certainly never committed
myself to support any man for the Presidency.
After the House has organized, doubtless, a more
fitting occasion may present itself, when I can,
with less impropriety than now, state fully and
at large my views upon both of the messages.
I will remark, however, now, that in my opin-
ion the general tone of the annua] message is
much to be commended. As far as its diction is
concerned, it is in my judgment most admirable.
In that portion of the message in which the Pres-
ident gives a history of the circumstances and
principles involved m the organization of this
Government-, and in that portion in which he more
particularly dwells upon the relations of the sev-
eral States to the Federal Government, and that
which discusses the constitutional aspects of
slavery, it meets my most earnest and cordial ap-
proval. I believe the statements to be historically
true; and I believe the opinions expressed to be
in accordance with the Constitution of the coun-
try.
Now, sir, as regards the Kansas message, I
will state this: It has a great merit—a merit not
always to be found in grave State papers—that is,
its exceeding clearness of statement. That its
narrative is strictly true I have no doubt. I am
not prepared to follow the President in the nice
distinction which he has drawn between his power
to employ the instrumentality of the army, di-
rectly in the enforcement oflaw, and the placing
of a portion of the military force of the country
under the control of the marshal of the Territory
as a part of the posse comitates. When the oppor-
tunity occurs, I shall take occasion to discuss that
portion of the message.
Now, sir, I have made these remarks merely
because the article to which my attention was
called, and to which I have asked the attention of
the House, not only committed me upon tho mes-
sage when I, in fact, had said nothing about it,
nor have I committed myself to any man for the
presidency.
Mr. Clerk, in reference to this matter I have
this to say: If the party to which I belong shall
nominate for the presidency a man who shall
have the requisite ability, a man true to the Con-
stitution and laws, a man whose statesmanship is
not narrowed down by tho interests or prevailing
sentiment of sections, but is large and compre-
hensive enough to enable him to wield the powers
of the Government for the general good—a man,
who, under the instinctwf a high and true patriot-
ism, sets his face against all fanatical and sec-
tional efforts to destroy the peace of the country—
a man who acknowledges the sovereignty and
•equality of these States, and the equal rights of all
the citizens of all the States to go into the com-
mon Territories with their property, of any and
all kinds, without let and molestation; and who
recognizes, as an evil, a large and ever-increasing
foreign population, and especially the ease with
which foreigners, with their old nationalities
and alien sympathies, are manufactured into
citizens, would inaugurate a liew and different
policy—that man shall receive my hearty and
cordial support. But if, on the contrary, that
party should not nominate such a man, but shall
present one lacking tho qualities of which I have
spoken, I say hcie that no mere party allegiance
shall force me to stand under his banner; and
in such an event I shall render my support to
that man who comes nearest to my demands, I
care not what party he may lend. Party obliga-
tions can never be strong enough to induce me
to waive the suggestions of duty.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. Mr. Clerk, I de-
sire to draw the attention of the House for a
single moment—and I am more desirous to do so
since the introduction of the pending proposition
by my colleague [Mr.Cox]—to a misapprehension
in the Union newspaper of the remarks which I
made here day before yesterday.
The CLERK. Has the call for the previous
question been withdrawn ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I liope that my colleague
will withdraw the call for the previous question.
I will renew it.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the call for the previous
question, with the understanding that my col-
league will, when he concludes what he lias to
say, renew it.
Mr. MARSHALL. I merelv desire to correct
a statement which has been made in the Union.
It is as follows:
" The proposition of Hon. A. K. Marshall, of Kentucky,
calling for the withdrawal ot all party candidates for
Speaker, gave rise to a very animated discussion, in the
course of which two of the National Americans, Messrs.
Whitney and Cullen, declared that they would never
vot<?for an Administration Democrat, or one who took part
in the Democratic caucus—a somewhat forcible comment
upon Mr. Marshall's appeal against party candidates,
and especiaily'upon his proposal to take any Democrat not
selected by the Democrats in caucus."
I will merely state that that was not the proposi-
tion which I made on that occasion. I said then,
that if' the resolution which I had offered would
pass, and the caucusTandidates of all parties be
withdrawn—and I really did not expect that the
candidate of the other side would be withdrawn,
and [ did not care whether he was or not—that if
the Democratic party would acquiesce in it I would
be willing, and those who acted with me I thought
would be willing, to select one from among their
number for whom we would cast our votes; or,
if that proposition would not suit them, that they
might select any one from our number, and we
would unite, with them to elect in either event.
I will now, Mr. Clerk, take occasion to repeat
my declaration to those of my friends, and of the
other side of the House who propounded their
questions to me on that day, and when I was not
allowed time to answer them as fully as I desired.
To those who demanded my authority for this sort
of proposition, 1 will simply repeat what I then
stated, that I had had no actual consultation with,
no actual authority from, my party to make it;but
I thought, and still think, that an examination
of the record which that party has made .on this
floor will very readily convince friends and ene-
mies that the proposition was not made without
some just ground of belief that it would be accept-
able to them. And I may be permitted to say
that the proposition which has emanated from
my colleague entirely accords with the one which
I made the other day. I renew the call for the
previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not wajjt to oppose
the resolution, but merely to refer to a remark
which was made oil yesterday, and I therefore
hope that the call for the previous question may
be withdrawn for that purpose.
Mr. COX. My colleague has renewed the
call for the previous question, under his under-
standing with me. [ will withdraw it now again,
on the promise that the gentleman from North
Carolina will renew it. I do not myself see the
necessity for further debate. We have all ex-
pressed our opinions on the subject, some at
Iengthand others briefly. The resolution explains
itself; wo all understand each other, and I do
not think that there is any necessity for further
debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will renew the call for
the previous question. I do not propose to oppose
the resolution, but I want to correct a misappre-
hension which the gentleman's colleague [Mr. H.
Marshall] fell into on yesterday, and which I
could not then correct, because he demanded the
previous question; I am happy to do it now. It
is just to him, to me, and to the House. The
gentleman remarked that, if the plurality rule
passed, he would hold the Democratic party re-
sponsible for it; and he seemed to think that its
adoption would inevitably lead to the election of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
I am surprised that a gentleman as astute as he
is would have made such a mistake. Why, sir,
nothing was further from my purpose than to
elect the gentleman from Massachusetts. On the
contrary, I intended to bring him up to a position
where the gentleman from Kentucky and his
friends might decapitate him. Would they have
done it ? They have pledged themselves to stand
on the twelfth section, or against slavery agitation,
as the corner-stone of their platform. They say
that that is a paramount question, and that they
will defend the rights of the South against every-
thing else. If they were true to those principles, if
they were true to the interests of their own section,
if they were patriots, they were bound to let the
ax full on the head of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts; because by the combination of their
vote with our vote, with the aid of two others that
we are sure of, we are in a majority of one in a
full House. The gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr.- Fuller,] and the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Wh&eleh,] who, it is well known,
