8T4
APPENDIX TO THE CON8ITE9BIONAL GLOBE.
[March 31,
84th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Nasal Retiring Board—Mr. SUdell.
Senate.
growing out of the action of the board, the Presi-
dent may have it in his power to correct all the
injustice which has been done, restore those offi-
cers who have been retired or dropped without
good cause to their original positions, and satisfy
the public mind. This, I think, may be done in
the mode pointed out by my resolutions.
It is true, my proposition provides that the
committee shall consult with the President after
having obtained this mass ef information which
it is proposed to accomplish. It has been sug-
fested to me, that the President would consider
is dignity compromised by a consultation with
a committee of this body. It is said that Mr.
Madison refused, on a former occasion, to advise
and consult with a committee of the Senate. I
do not know how that is, nor do I consider it at
all important. For one, I do not believe that the
dignity of the Executive would be compromitted
or compromised by consulting with a committee
of this body. So tar as Executive appointments
are concerned, we are part and parcel of the ex-
ecutive prerogative and power. He appoints,
but we confirm; and no appointment can be valid
until it is confirmed by the Senate. It does not
appear to me, therefore, that the President's dig-
nity would be compromised by admitting a com-
mittee of the Senate to advise and consult with
him on these important and delisate subjects.
But if that be the case, it would be a matter of
no consequence. The Senate, or the committee
speaking in the name of the Senate, could at least
refer these matters to the President's considera-
tion, and he could decide them without the advice
of the committee or any consultation with it. I
have no doubt he will do justice with or without
advice. I am satisfied that he is not only willing
but anxious to have this investigation, and do
justice to the injured officers on whose heads this
neavy Wow has fallen. But if the President
should be obstinate, if a false pride should affect
the Secretary of the Navy, and stand as an ob-
stacle at the door of justice in this case, the Sen-
ate still has a corrective power in its own hands.
It can refuse the confirmation of the appointments
■which have grown out of the proceedings of the
board. It can speak in respectful but firm lan-
guage to the Executive, and say, " Sir, injustice
has been done to many gallant and distinguished
. men of our naval service; you, and you alone,
have the power to correct that injustice—you re-
fuse to correct it. We regret to differ with the
Executive on this delicate and important subject;
.but if you persist, then the Senate must consult
■its own convictions, and refuse to confirm every
nomination which you have sent to us to supply
vacancies created by the board." In this way the
Senate can bring down on those officers who have
produced all this mischief in the Navy, who have
done this gross injustice to the officers who have
been retired, some sort of retributive justice. We
ean refuse to confirm them, and force them back
into the position from which they have elevated
themselves.
I would vote for the repeal of the law with
affirmative legislation attending the repealing law,
not only to repeal the law by which the retired and
reserved list has been created, but to declare that
all on it shall be restored to the active service of
the country, and that their pay shall be what it
was originally. I would repeal the law to get
rid of that disability, which the old law imposes
in relation to promotions. I think it would be
necessary, not only to repeal the law, but to have
•omeaffirmative legislation upon the subject. It
may be necessary, even, to authorise the Presi-
dent to replace these men, who have been put on
the reserved list, to the active list.
Notwithstanding the necessity for the repeal,
and this legislation to meet the cases of the retired
'dffioers, Btill there is one class of officers who
cannot be reached by any legislation of Congress.
No act of Congress, no action of either branch of
-Congress, can restore those men to their positions
who have been dropped from the service. It lies
.only within the power of the Executive to do
•justice to them by a restoration to office. There
■must be an exercise of the executive prerogative
to wipe out the stain which has been inflicted on
their character and feelings, and restore them to
tiws position from which they have been ejected.
In order to authorize the President to dio this, to
enable him to act understanding^, to enable him
to ascertain which of these men have been dropped
without a cause, I propose this investigation. It
is absolutely and essentially necessary to be had,
in order to accomplish this object. The Presi-
dent cannot act understanding^, or act at all,
until he is informed of the grounds on which the
officers have been dropped, and the evidence
upon which the judgments of the naval board
were based.
These, Mr. President, are my views. The
Committee on Naval Affairs have introduced a
proposition to confer on that committee the power
to send for persons and papers in order to carry
| on this investigation themselves. I object to con-
ferring this power on that committee. I have
?reat respect for every member of that committee1
have no doubt that in ordinary cases they would
be quite as competent to discharge any duties
I conferred on them, as any other committee which
could be raised in this body; but I object to cloth-
ing them with this power, because we all know
! what their feelings and opinions in relation to this
whole subject are. We know that that commit-
tee have already prejudged this case in all its
bearings and proportions; and that if the investi-
gation is confined to that committee, the judgment
is already made up, and these officers may hang
their harps on the willows. The committee have
already given their opinion to the Senate in an
elaborate report, in which they have defended the
law and justified the proceedings of the board.
Is it to be expected that they would institute that
searching, that full and free examination of the
members of the board, which is necessary to elicit
all the facts to enable the President, the Senate,
-and the world to judge correctly of this whole
proceeding ?
Sir, I object to the jurisdiction which they ask
for themselves. It is ajurisdiction which, if con-
ferred, will be conferred on a body that has al-
' ready ftilly decided upon the subject. I think it
is not fair to these officers, it is not proper, it is
not just, that each an important investigation as
this, having in view such important and interest-
ing results to a large class of our fellow-citizens,
should be confided to a one-sided committee,
which has already given its judgment against
these officers and in defense of the whole action of
the naval board. 1 propose to raise a special com-
mittee—one that, if it be not entirely disinterested
and impartial, will at least be composed of mem-
bers of every branch of the Senate, and of every
side of this question, so that all parties may be rep-
resented , and that justice be done; that a full, free,
and efficient investigation may be had, and all the
fhcts developed for the consideration of the Pres-
ident and the Senate. When we have done this,
we shall have discharged our duty. Although the
Secretary of the Navy calls upon us in the most
urgent manner to confirm these nominations grow-
ing out of the action of the board, for one, I am
Unwilling to confirm, nor will I consent to sanction
by my voice or vote, any of these nominations,
until I am satisfied that ample and completejustice
has been done to every man who has been injured
by the action of the board, and who has asked, or
may ask, for redress at our hands.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, I trust that
the Senate will not adopt the resolutions which
have been offered by my friend from Georgia.
Their adoption would be, in substance, if not in
terms, a repudiation of a standing committee,
within whose jurisdiction this matter properly
fells, and to whom the examination of the question
has been confided by a resolution of the Senate
itself.
An argument has been adduced by the Senator
from Georgia in favor of depriving; the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs of the examination of the
cases involved in the memorials presented to the
Senate, for a reason which, I think, may very
fairly be retorted on the Senator himself. He con-
tends that tK£ Committee on Naval Affairs have
already prejudged this question. I deny chat such
is the feet in relation to particular cases. They
approve of the general coarse of the naval board,
but admit, in the report which they have made,
that there are exceptions which perhaps call for
the interposition of the Executive-, Acting with
the advice and (Sonsent of the Senate. hi what
temper does the Senator from Georgia approach
this case ? While asking for impartiality and
forbearance, and a proper and calm consideration
of this very grave question by a select commit-
tee of the Senate, he himself, I think, has given
to-day the best evidence that he is not a proper
Ferson to conduct that investigation; and yet, if
understand parliamentary usage, by the mere
fact of his having presented a resolution of this
sort, courtesy would entitle him to be placed at the
head of that committee. God save the poor naval
board, if they were placed before such a tribunal
as they are promised in the person of the Senator
from Georgia, and those who think with him !
I wish to illustrate the singularly loose manner
in which the Senator from Georgia has brought
forward his charges and insinuations against the
members of this board. I have it in my power
to do so conclusively in a single instance; and I
allude to it with some degree of delicacy on ac-
count of the very close connection which exists
between one of the members of that board and
myself. When the Senator from Georgia made
a declaration in relation to Commodore Perry, I
asked him on what authority he did so. I think
he said on the verbal authority of a Lieutenant
Gibson—a gentleman with whom I have not the
pleasure of being acquainted.
Mr. IVERSON. I am not sure who it was;
either Lieutenant Bartlett or Lieutenant Gibson.
I do not know which. One of them quotes the
language of Commodore Perry's letter, and says
he has seen it.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, I have it in
my power to settle the point, without raising a
question of veracity between Lieutenant Bartlett
and Commodore Perry, which, for the sake of
Commodore Perry, or any other gentleman of re
spectable standing, either in or out of the Navy,
I should be unwilling to moot. I hold in my hand
a letter dated Washington, February 11, 1856,
and published in the New York Herald. I assert
that the statement which accompanies that letter
emanated from Lieutenant Bartlett. The article
in the Herald says:
"According to promise, I now send you in advance the
substance of the confessions of a member of the naval effi-
ciency lioard, which, I will take occasion to say, is true to
the letter, and will be read in a few days in the Senate of
the United States."
That promise has been performed to-day. Not
the letter, but the substance of it has been stated
by the Senator.
" The names are now suppressed, but wilt then be made
known, and will carry weight with them wherever they are
known. Read and ponder well, ye immortal council of
fifteen!"
This is the extract:
" I have spoken to you of a conversation held in New
York since my return from the coast of Africa"—
This designates Lieutenant Bartlett completely,
because he was on the coast of Africa when acted
upon by the naval board, andhassince returned.
—" With Commodore ——
That blank I now fill, undev the authority of the
Senator from Georgia, with the name of Perry.
Mr. IVERSON. Allow me to interrupt the
Senator. I will read for the gentleman's inform-
ation that portion of Lieutenant Bartlett's letter
to which I refer. It will be remembered that I
only spoke incidentally of other remarks made by
Commodore Perry; but I quoted his language in
his letter to Mr. Parker. Mr. Bartlett says this:
" I have also seen a letter, in Commodore Perry's hand-
writing, to Mr. Parker, son of Commodore Parker, late a
Lieutenant, in which Commodore Perry compliments
Parker, and then adds: ' I hope the day will soon come
when the monstrous injustice which has been done to you
and others will be corrected.'"
Mr. SLIDELL. That is precisely the letter
I was abont to read. This is said to have been
a letter addressed by Commodore Perry to Lieu-
tenant Parker, son of Commodore Parker of the
Navy. It so chances that Lieutenant Parker,
having read this article in the Herald, feeling
grossly indignant at the use which had been made
of his' name, at the false statement made by Mr.
Bartlett, and the total perversion of the letter of
Commodore Perry, on the very day after the ap-
pearance of this article in the Herald, wrote to tne
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr.
Mm/lorv] this note, which I- will send to the
Secretary fr desk to be reAd.
