1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ail'
will vote with us, are the persons I refer to. This
will give us a clear majority of the whole House.
I thought, therefore, that 1 was going to bring
up this anti-slavery monster, so horrid that he
makesgentlemen shudderto think of him, in order
that he might be decapitated by the gentleman
and his friends. Would they have done it? If
they had not, the country would be brought to
the conclusion that these gentlemen would rather
make war on foreigners than protect the Govern-
ment and maintain the rights of their own section.
I would, therefore, have placed them unjjer the
highest obligation to let the ax fall on his head,
and given them all the honor of the achieve-
ment. They would be bound to do it, not only
from patriotism, but also from self-interest, be-
cause their constituents would have condemned
them if they had failed. I say that neither the
gentleman from Kentucky, nor anybody else
from the South, can go back to his constituents
and declare that he had surrendered the corner-
stone of hfe principles—had voted against the
gentleman who helped him to sustain those prin-
ciples, and had permitted him to be sacrificed and
aVree-Soil Abolitionist elected, when he could
have prevented it. I say that no southern man
could have done it, without risk of political de-
capitation himself. I wished, too, sir, to place
these gentlemen in a position where they could
vote with us, defend their own section, and yet
not sacrifice their peculiar principles, for they
might well say to their constituents and the coun-
try, that they were acting under a sort of neces-
sity, being compelled, as a lesser evil, to vote for
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,]
in order that an anti-slavery man should be de-
feated. In this way an organization upon a
conservative man would have been effected, with-
out any one being subject to- blame for it. It
seems to me, therefore, that I ought to have had
the thanks of the gentleman for my movement;
for in this mode, Mr. Clerk, I would have re-
lieved those gentlemen from their difficulties.
They mighthave said to their constituents, " It
is very true, we did not like to vote for a gentle-
man whose party had denounced us in their
caucus, but then patriotism required us to give up
all those minor considerations; and as we were
obliged to choose between these two alternatives,
we went for the country.''
I also congratulate the Democratic party on the
accession of the distinguished gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. H. Marshall] to its ranks, for
I had supposed, from the course of the gentleman
for the last two months, that he was one of its
bitterest enemies. Whenever he has made a
speech he lias attacked, not the Republicans, but
the Democratic party* He denounces the Ne-
braska bill, because he says that all its fuends
do not agree about it, though he admits that he
would have voted for it, and says it was all right
and proper. On the same principle he might
denounce the Bible and the Constitution, because,
forsooth, men differ about their true meaning.
I thought that the gentleman was hostile to the
Democratic party, but it turns out, from his re-
marks of yesterday, that he is its friend. Why,
he says, you arc going to take a step that will
injure you. That' proves that he is our friend,
because if he had been our enemy, he would have
stood mute and let us take the step, and then
denounced us for it. It proves, therefore, that
the gentleman is a good friend of the Democratic
party, and I am glad that I gave him an oppor-
tunity of showing before the world where he
stood. I thank the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Cox] for permitting me to make these re-
marks; and, if he desires it, 1 will call for the
previous question.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I do not know, Mr.
Clerk, that there is a great deal in the observa-
tions of the gentleman from North Carolina
requiring any response from me. He congratu-
lates his Democratic associates that my action
indicates my acquiescence in their movement.
" In reply to this 1 have only to say, that he and
the Democratic party are welcome to all the man-
ifestations of friendly regard I have exhibited.
If 1 have done anything "in my place to indicate
• to that party a high consideration for its pur-
poses or the objects at which it aims, I congiat-
ulate myself that I have been able to preserve the
line of public conduct marked out for myself, and
at the same time to combine with my own consist-
ency a certain grace towards my political oppo5"
nents; for it is my sincere wish always to unite
the fortiter in re with the suaviterin modo. I feel
every personal kindness to him and the Democ-
racy, but I always am careful to make my record
follow the line of my best judgment.
If I suggested to the Democratic party yester-
day, that they were about to commit a mistake,
by diverting a small platoon under the command
of the honorable member from North Carolina,
for the purpose of forcing the plurality rule upon
the House, with the intent (as is now substan-
tially avowed) to compelme, and those with whom
I act, to choose between the distinguished gentle-
man from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] and the no
less distinguished member from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] my impression was, that the Dem-
ocrats were about to make a misstep; because,
knowing that we were acting upon a line dictated
by principle, they had no right to expect we would
respond to their effort. It certainly is true that
we are opposed to the views of the honorable
member from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] upon
all the questions affecting the relations of slavery
to this Government, and that we are opposed to
his election to the chair of this House, not only
on that account, but because he is solely supported
by a sectional vote; but it is just as true that we,
who profess to bo in favor of the true principle
of non-intervention by Congress in the govern-
ment of the Territories, so far as slavery is con-
cerned, have not been able yet to understand or
to obtain a satisfactory response from the body
of the Democratic party in this House, as to the
real meaning orprmciples of the Kansas-Nebraska,
bill, upon whicli that party has planted itself for
weal or for woe.
It was charged at an early day of the session—
and, I am sorry to say, the record too surely sus-
tains the charge—that the Kansas-Nebraska bill
passed at the last Congress was read in different
ways by Democrats m the North and in the
South; that in one section of the country they
advocated it on the plea that it is an anti-slavery
measure, and would secure Kansas to freedom,
while in another section of the country they ad-
vocated it as the first fruits of the doctrine of
non-intervention; that in one part of the country
they advocate " squatter sovereignty" as covered
by that bill, while in another quarter they laugh
at or denounce the principle of " squatter sover-
eignty" as opposed to the true theory of the
Government. When gentlemen place themselves
on a mere measure, to stand by its principles, yet do
not agree in the principle they mean to assert, how
can they expect gentlemen of the opposite par-
ties to do otherwise than as wo are this day doing?
Gentlemen may declare that this proposition can
be rendered satisfactory. I have only to say that
I confess to the obtuseness of never having yet
been able to comprehend exactly what it is they
do moan to uphold , when they talk of " the prin-
ciples of the Kansas-Nebraska bill," or what
principle of policy they intend to unfold by that
celebrated declaration. It will not answer, then,
for mo and those with whom J act to commit our-
selves, even to tile Democrats, upon what_ they
persuade themselves is their paramount issue,
until u e know what is the leal issue they would
present before the country; and they should not
calculate upon our agreement with them until it
becomes quite certain they agree among them-
selves.
It is certain we do not agree with the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] on this matter
of slavery, and of the power of Congress over it;
and, therefore, it is certain that we cannot be
brought, under any circumstances, to favor his
election to the chaii. But, suppose we waive the
slavery issues, we find ourselves m direct antago-
nism to the Democratic party on other proposi-
tions. And here I may as well remark, that my
fears have been considerably allayed and my dis-
quietude composed m regard to the slavery ques-
tion, by the votes we have taken on the resolu-
tions offered by the distinguished member from
Indiana, [Mr. Dunn.] I am now perfectly satis-
fied that the anti-Nebraska vote of this House is
not so dangerous as I had appiehended it to be—
if, indeed, it is not powerless to effect legislation
on that pestiferous subject.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Before the gentleman leaves
the subject of slavery, I desire to ask him a ques-
tion. I understand him to say that he finds that
these anti-Nebraska g-entlemen are not as power-
ful as he thought they were. Was it not the;
opposition of the Democratic party that rendered;
them powerless? If the snake has no teeth, was
it not our party that drew them out?
Mr. MARSHALL. What party does,my,
friend mean, when he speaks of " our party?"
Mr. CLINGMAN. The Orb and Richard-
son party, or the Democratic party—the party,
with which I am acting in this struggle.
Mr. MARSHALL. Ah!
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will say this to the gen-
tleman, that he does the Democratic'party injus-
tice in holding them responsible for what I do, for
I am considered a sort of independent, or a filli-
buster; and so far from my course being approved
of by the Democratic party, a large majority of
that party think differently, and dissuaded me
from my course.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have no difficulty in '
replying that, upon the slavery question, as pre-
sented by the gentleman from Indiana, the Dem-
ocratic party came and occupied the ground that
my party took, [laughter,] and to th^textent they
were right. The American party iirthis House
believes that certain legislation is neccssary to give
the natives of this country a fair chance in the
government of this country through the ballot-
box. We believe that additional legislation is es-
sential to secure the enjoyment of a right which
is asserted under the now familiar proposition, that
" Americans should rule America, and I regret
to say that the party in this House and in the
country, styling itself " the Democratic party,",
asserts a direct and positive opposition to this
principle in our politics. They denounce our sen-
timents. The executive Administration they sus-
tain denounces our views in this regard, and strikes
the hand of fellowship with any and all men who
profess opposition to our principles. They even
swear men who apply for office, to test their hos-
tility, ay, their freedom from sympathy with us.
The legislative declaration of the Democratic
members here denounces us as opponents of civil
and religious liberty. So that, from that party,
in every department of the Government, we find
no margin for conciliation or compromise left to
ns. Have we not the right to conclude, there-
fore, that when a member of the Democratic party
reaches the chair of this House, no effort will be
spared to obstruct the execution of our purposes
as to the practical legislation we demand in regard
to the naturalization laws?
Gentlemen of the Democratic party, upon the
"principles of the Nebraska bill," your com-
mentaries run away with the text; so that it is
impossible to comprehend your real meaning.
Take you on the principles of the American party,
and you are so violently opposed to our views
that there is no room for compromise or concord
between us. Yet my. friend from North Caro-
lina thinks we should make the concession, and
come to the support of the caucus nominee of
the Democratic party ! The movement of yes-
terday, in attempting to force the plurality rule,
was made under the idea that, when pressed to
the wall, we would make this concession; or, in
the event of our refusal, the responsibility for tho
election of the gentleman from Massachusetts
would be visite<| upon our heads by tho American
people. Sir, 1 thought it was time for me to
speak—to warn the Democratic party that they
had no deposits in tho bank of America, upon
which to make their check; that they had noth-
ing invested with us, on which to issue the pro-
posed circulation. They had the caution to take
warning from my remarks so made in advance,
and if they would not avail themselves of it, in
order to limit their action, then the responsibility
would have been surely all their own for the con-
sequences of their conduct.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky if he thinks his peculiar views about
Americanism of more importance than the pro-
tection of this country against Abolitionism ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I will reply frankly and
freely to the question. 1 think them both deeply
import,iut—essential—to the perpetuity and re-
pose of the Government; but I confess that, when
our firesides and homes are in danger, I shall con-
sider the Dutch and Irish a subordinate element
for our care [Laughter.] But we can manage
both with prudence* and-take care of all that con-
cerns our safety.
