i m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
will doubtless be taken upon it by yeas and nays.
We shall then have an opportunity of seeing and
knowing- what gentlemen there are who are will-
ing to commit themselves to this—I will not say
revolutionary, but to so monstrous a doctrine, so
subversive of liberty, of the Constitution, and of
every principle of criminal jurisprudence, as that
contained in the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio. It invokes the interference of Congress to
stpp the course of judicial proceeding. It declares
to the judiciary of the United States, you shall
Rave no money—no pay,unless certain men, on
trial before you, are acquitted. How long would
it be before, in some other prosecution, the at-
tempt would be made to pollute the pure stream
of justice, by declaring that the judges shall have
no pay until certain odious or unpopular charac-
ters have been convicted ?
Sir, has the gentleman stopped to ask himself
the question, by whom are these men to be con-
victed or acquitted ? Has he read the Constitu-
tion so carelessly as to suppose that either the
acquittal or the conviction of those who are
arraigned for treason depends on the will of the
judge? Sir, they are to be tried by their peers—
by twelve men constituting a jury, who receive,
I presume, no compensation at all for the services
they may render, or at most, a very trivial one;
certainly not one to be paid out of this appropri-
ation.
It is now proposed to make the payment of the
salaries of the judges in Kansas depend on the
issue of criminal prosecutions, I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio, what control lias the judge, or
any of the judges, over these criminal prosecu-
tions? Have the accused yet been brought to
trial ?
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman will allow
me 
Several Members. Do not interrupt the gen-
tleman .
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
Mr. MILLSON. I say, when these cases come
to trial, if the judiciary of this country shall pay
respect to the principles which have been conse-
crated in England, and were vindicated by that
illustrious champion of civil liberty and able ex-
pounder of the rights of juries, Lord Ersltinc, in
ftis celebrated speech on the trial of the Dean of
St. Asaph, the judges will have no right to pro-
nounce the law authoritatively to the jury. The
jury will be charged with the general acquittal of
the prisoners from the whole prosecution before
them; and the judge, even though his agency
may be invoked by the attorney for the United
States, will have 110 right to pronounce any con-
trolling opinion or instruction on the law of trea-
son, to the jury, who are intrusted with the .sole
power of acquitting or condemning the party ar-
raigned before them. Sir, this House has not
even the power of pardon; and, if tin* parties had
even been convicted, your authority would be im-
potent to effect their 1 elease. Under our Constitu-
tion, we must look to the Piesident alone for the
exercise of this power, and it would be a usurp-
ation of the functions of the President, even m
a case of conviction of the accused, with the sanc-
tion of the judge, to undertake to absolve him
from punishment.
Mr. ORR called for tellers on the amendment
to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan aud
JDurfee were appointed.
Mr. DUNN. Is it competent for the gentle-
man to withdraw his amendment at this stage?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman can with-
draw it, if he chooses, by unanimous consent.
Mr. DUNN. 1 hope the gentleman will do so;
and if he does, I will present an amendment
which I think will meet with his views, and the
views of those concurring with him in sentiment,
and avoid the objection urged with so much force
by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Let us vote on the
amendment as it is.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
amendment to the amendment; and the tellers
reported—ayes 66, noes 72.
So the amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania by
adding, after the word 41 Governor," the words,
"and three judges." The remarks of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Millson] who has
just preceded me, have left but very little for me
to say upon this amendment. He has presented
so forcibly the revolutionary and dangerous tend-
ency of the species of legislation in which this
committee is now called upon to engage, that
there remains but little to say. I have offered
the amendment, however, for the purpose of call-
ing the attention of the committee to a clause of
the Constitution which has not been adverted to
by the gentleman from Virginia, and which, in
my judgment, will be most expressly violated by
the adoption of the amendment proposed to this
bill by the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I refer
to clausc first, article third, of the Constitution,
which says:
"The judges both of the supreme and mfeuor courts
shall hold their offices during good behavior, and shall, at
stated times, receive for their service.-* a compensation
which shall not be diminished during their continuance in
office."
Now, I would like to have any gentleman of
this committee tell me how, without a violation
of that clause of the Constitution, the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
can be adopted ? The Constitution tells you that
the judges of both the supreme and inferior courts
shall receive a compensation which shall not be
diminished during their continuance in office; and
it is proposed by the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, not only to diminish,
but to withdraw altogether, from the judges of
one of the inferior courts their compensation.
This House has it not in its power to remove
those judges; but it is now proposed, by this
amendment, because the decisions of those judges
are not in accordance with that gentleman's
notions of law aud justice, that, as the House
cannot dismiss them from office, it shall compel
their retirement.
Sir, both Houses, actmgjointly, cannot remove
one of those judges; and yet the gentleman from
Pennsylvaniaproposes that, beeausi the derisions
of those courts are not acceptable to a majority
of this House, they shall be compelled to resign
the places to which they have been assigned under
the laws of their country.
Mr. GROW. The article of the Constitution
which the gentleman has read does not apply to
the judges of the Territories, as he would have
satisfied himself if he had given it a moment's
attention. The President of the United States
removes those judges every time there is a change
111 tin; Administration. That clause of the Con-
stitution makes their tenure of oilice during good
behavior. Put they are appointed by the Exec-
utive, hold their office at his will, and if he
chooses to retain them 111 power after they have
trampled down the rights of American citizens,
is it for us to appropriate money for their pay-
ment?
Sir, revolution does not begin here; it began
in Kansas a year and a half ago. Despotism and
tyranny have enthroned themselves there, ,u)d
the gentleman asks us to sustain it. Revolution
began in Kansas when the rights of firemen weie
trampled down at the ballot-boxes by armed
forces. The people of that Territory are under
your guardianship and protection; they receive
their law at your hands, and you have guaran-
tied to them protection. They ask you to make
that guarantee good; and on the other hand we
are asked to sustain that usurpation and despot-
ism because it has made itself successful, and
has the Piesident to back it. We cannot reach
the Executive. He retains men in oilice who
have trampled down the dearest rights of the
citizens of the country, and violated the must
sacred guarantees of the Constitution. He could
remove one officer in Kansas 011 the plea of spec-
ulating in lands, but when one of his appointees
charges a grand jury that the peaceful assembling
of the citizens there to petition the Government
| for a redress of grievances, is treason against
the United States, and when the grand jury
| indirts the fiee press because it declares that
j slavery ought not to exist in Kansas, he sends
his potse comiiatus to tear down that press, to
destroy public buildings, and to burn private
dwellings without any hearing before a petit jury,
he is continued m office, and^ we are asked to
make an appropriation for his support. A judge
that seizes my property, and without a hearing
before my peers condemns it, and dooms me to
prison without a trial, cannot receive a cent by
any vote of mine.
&o far as the point made by the gentleman from
Virginia is concerncd, I ask him* when usurpa-
tion and wrong sit upon the bench in one of
the Territories under our control and jurisdiction,
how is this House to reach it? If the Executive
. turns a deaf ear to petitions for the removal of
that judge, we can reach him only through our
appropriations, as we have a right to do, disre-
garding mere matters of form.
Mr. McMULLIN. I believe it is understood
that we are to have an evening session, and
I therefore I now move that the committee take a
| recess until seven o'clock. [Cries of "No!"
! " No!"] It is not possible to get through this
bill this evening.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that it
is not in order, according to the practice of the
House heretofore, to take a recess as the com-
mittee is now constituted, inasmuch as the reso-
lution for evening sessions provides that no vote
| shall be taken; and if the committee take a recess
! now, we should have to go on with this bill on
1 the committee resuming its session.
Mr. BRANCH, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DUNN. I offer an amendment to strike
out the proposition of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, (Air. Grow,] ana insert, at the end of
! that paragraph, the following proviso:
: P)onde<i. That no part of the moneys appropriated by
| thiN act siiall be drawn from the Treasury until an act shall
I h.ive pa^ed huiii biancho of Coujitof-s, and leceived the
I approval of the Pie^ulrnt of the United Urates, loi the
pacification of the tumble-* in Kansas, which ^hali, among&t
! other-, (ontain apiovi-i<m ie-;toiin<r the restriction against
j sla\ en . a- to both K.un-ad and Nebiatdia, in ^ubstanec or
1 in far'u a- the same wa< enacted by the eighth section of
the act admitting Missouri into the Union as a State, ap-
; proved M<ueb (>, \&20.
1 Mr. SNEED. I raise the point of order that
| it is not in order to renew the same proposition to
| two hills at the same session.
j The CHAIRMAN. Under the ruling of the
| committee, at the present session, the Chair
I overrules the point of order.
j Mr. CADWALADER. The question is not
I the same. [Calls to order.]
I Mr. GROW. I raise a point of order. The
1 motion was to strike out, after the word " Gov-
1 ernor," the balance of the paragraph, and to in-
sert $2,500. How can a motion to restore that
be in order until the vote be taken on striking
out ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the point of order is not well taken, inas-
much as previously to striking out, if is within the
, province of the committee to amend, so as to
! make the clause acceptable.
| Mr. DUNN. I do not desire to say anything
t on tins occasion about the blood that has been
| shed in Kansas, or about the thunder of artillery
[ that lias been leveled against dwellings there;
i because a great deal more has been said on that
' subject heretofore than there has been any dispo-
sition shown to amend. What I desire is, action
. to stop these evils. This tinkering system, sir—
, gentlemen must pardon me for so calling it—the
system of patching these evils by littles, of going
into this vast field of vile weeds, (to change the
figure,) with the hand to pluck up a single stem
i here and another there, will amount to nothing;
and if we shonld live to fill all the days of Me-
thuselah, < mploying our days and nights at the
work 111 this way, it would in the end amount to
; nothing. The only way to remedy the evil is,
, to take hold of this great mischief by the roots,
and ttcir it all itp. If gentlemen propose to come
j up to the work with the genuine pluck, they must
say that appropriations shall not be granted un-
I less the evil is fully remedied. Let them put the
: ax to the root of every tree. Let the Senate go
' without its rations, and let the House go with-
out its, and let the President go without his,
■ and let all your Army and Navy, and all your
officers m every department, everywhere, go
without theirs; this I would do rather than per-
i mit these evils to progress m the direction in
which they are now tending — to inevitable and
; undoubted ruin. Gentlemen come here and pro-
\ pose to stop the pay of the judges and juries,
