1866.3*
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
an
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Slidell.
Senate.
condition? The absence of this faculty may be
shown, not by any special distinct evidence of
incapacity, but by the results of a cruise. He
returns from it with dissatisfied officers, a turbu-
lent and disorganized crew; he has exhibited in
foreign ports a vessel whose slovenly appearance
and management have been the subject of the
malignant comment of officers of other nations.
For this there is no remedy in courts-martial,
there is no specific, substantive offense on which
a charge can be based. The best correction that
can be hoped for is, that until a new Secretary
comes into office, he will not be trusted with
another ship. But he will continue to receive his
full pay, and be an obstacle to the promotion of
others more worthy. The danger is increased
tenfold in the highest grade. The commander of
a squadron frequently has grave and delicate du-
ties to perform. By a want of proper firmness
and energy he may sacrifice the interests of our
citizens and tarnish the honor of the flag. By his
indiscretion or recklessness, he may involve us
in inextricable difficulties with foreign nations.
Once arrived at a certain position on the Navy
Register, a captain considers himself entitled to
command a squadron; and however unfit he may
be for the post, his claim is generally admitted.
How often have officers been placed in this re-
sponsible position, to wh om no prudent man would
intrust the conduct of any important matter in the
ordinary affairs of life ? In every profession and
pursuit, you find men who have mistaken their
vocation, either for want of that special aptitude
which each requires in a greater or less degree,
or because God has not endowed them with that
average degree of intelligence necessary to secure
even ordinary success. Is it not reasonable to J
suppose that the Navy offers no exception to the
general rule, and that its rolls present a fair pro- i
portion of such material? Will you, because :
they have had the good fortune to procure a mid-
shipman's warrant, before the establishment of
the admirable academy at Annapolis, continue to
advance them through each successive grade to
die highest rank, and emply them in positions
for which they are wholly unfit, or give them
enormous pensions, under the disguise of pay,
until death relieves you from the burden ? Such
has not been our policy with the Army. We have
reduced it several times, by a mode substantially
the same as that which has been pursued here
with this marked difference, however, that in-
stead of a liberal provision for life, the officers
have been disbanded with a few months'extra
pay. The President has, under the advice of a
military board, decided to retain certain officers;
the direct consequence has been the dropping of ;
those not retained. The distinction is purely a
verbal one; and if a different phraseology had
been adopted in the naval reform bill, its oppo-
nents would have been deprived of their most
specious arguments. I attribute the greater rela-
tive efficiency of officers of the Army, as a class,
to the purgations operated by these reductions,
and to a sterner administration by the chiefs of
the War Department.
The board and the Secretary have been severe-
ly, and, in my opinion, most unjustly assailed,
because no official record was kept of their pro-
ceedings; and yet it is easy to demonstrate that
if there be any fault in this respect, it is not with
them, but with Congress. This is not a matter
of construction or inference. The language of
the law is plain and imperative. What were they
to report to the Secretary of the Navy ? " The
names and rank of all officers in the several
grades who, in their judgment, shall be incapable
of performing promptly and efficiently all their
duties, ashore and afloat." This they did do; and
had they gone further, and reported the causes on
which their judgment was based, they would have
been justly amenable to that censure which, for
the directly opposite reason, has been so freely
cast upon them. And here it may be well to state,
that, by the Senate amendment of the preceding
session, it was required of the proposed board of
officers to give in each case of retirement the rea-
sons for its action. The omission to do so, in
the law of 1855, is conclusive as to the intention
of Congress. So far the bill is such as it passed
the Senate. Not only without a dissenting voice,
but with the hearty concurrence of all, it went to
the House, and there a clause was added, which,
in my judgment, presents its most salutary fea-
ture. I mean what is commonly called the drop
clause. It is in these words:
" And whenever said board shall believe that said in-
competency has arisen from any cause implying sufficient
blame to justify it, they shall recommend that his name be
altogether stricken from the rolls."
The Senate had only administered palliatives—
the House wisely decided to use the knife; it knew
that the Navy contained corrupt, as well as in-
efficient members. It directed their excision.
Without the drop clause, the bill could not have
passed the House. Representatives knew from
past experience the unwillingness of secretaries,
and the insufficiency of courts-martial to abate the
nuisance, and they chose to adopt a more sum-
mary mode of proceeding. Even with this clause
it was vigorously attacked on the ground of its
profuse provision for retired officers. We had at
the previous session ingrafted, by way of amend-
ment, on the naval appropriation bill, a section
containingregulationsforaretiredlist; the House
reftised to concur in it. This difference led to a
committee of conference, of which 1 had the honor
to be a member, with my friend from Florida,
now chairman of the Naval Committee. We
struggled earnestly to sustain the amendment; and
he will confirm me in saying that the reason why
the House members in conference refused to con-
cur with us, was the apprehension that if it were
adopted it would render more difficult, if not im-
possible, the radical reform which they desired.
At the last session when the drop clause, intro-
duced by the House, came up in the Senate, its
; adoption was as vigorously opposed by the Sen-
ator from Delaware, as its execution is at the
present time. He, at least, has the merit of con-
sistency. He and a Senator from Florida, not
now a member of this body, denounced it, on the
ground of the secrecy of its proceedings, its in-
quisitorial character, its violation of constitutional
principles. They claimed for all those on whom
the board was to report, the privilege of an open
trial, to confront witnesses, and to introduce re-
butting testimony. We then had, as we have
now, comparisons with the Star Chamber and
the Inquisition, the temptation held out to the
/nembers to advance themselves by wronging
their fellow-officers. In fact, I cannot recollect
that any argument against the composition of the
board, and its mode of proceeding when organ-
ized, has been urged during this discussion which
was not then presented. No one alleged, in reply,
that the proceedings would not be secret ana ex
parte; it was expressly admitted that they would
be so; and yet on a-call of the yeas and nays, on
! a motion for indefinite postponement, the only
i names appearing in the affirmative are those of
Messrs.. Morton and Toombs, against forty-one
in the negative. It cannot, therefore, be pretended
that the Senate did not adopt the drop clause by
an overwhelming majority, with a perfect under-
standing of its provisions The test vote in the
House on the passage of the bill was one hun-
dred and sixteen yeas to forty-six nays; and a
reference to the discussion, as reported in the
Congressional Globe, and to the names recorded
in the negative, will show that the minority was,
almost exclusively, composed of those wno did
not think it sufficiently stringent, objected to
pensioning men incapable of rendering efficient
service, or desired that its provisions should be
extended to surgeons, pursers, &c.
The functions of the board had nothing of the
judicial character; they were not to be controlled
by the technical rules of courts, civil or martial;
they were purely advisory, and their finding was
to be submitted to the President through the Sec-
retary of the Navy, to be approved or rejected,
wholly or partially, in the exercise of a sound
discretion. They were experts, not to pass sen-
tence, but to give such counsel to the Executive
as was proper in their judgment and belief. It
was so submitted on the 26th of July; the Sec-
retary held it under advisement until the 5th of
September; he then presented it to the President,
after having carefully examined and maturely
reflected upon it, with a report recommending its
adoption. The President, after having also care-
fully examined and deliberately considered it,
gave it his final sanction on the 12th of September;
and the law was executed. Two hundred and
one officers were either retired or dropped by the
act of the President; an equal number were either
promoted or advanced, in strict conformity with
the provisions of the law. Where, then, has been
manifested the precipitancy which has been so
vehemently censured ? I confess that I can find
in no part of the proceedings the slightest ground
for the charge. The Secretary has been accused
of inconsistency in approving, as a whole, what
he condemned in detail. This appears to me to
be an assumption utterly unsustamed by the rec-
ord. With a frankness and fairness which do
him infinite honor he says:
" And while I should be uncandid were I to Bay that I
I should have formed the same judgment and the same closs-
I ification in regard to each individual, precisely as they
! have done, without a single variation; yet, so clear is my
1 conviction, from my own official knowledge, of the correct-
ness of their opinion, in a large number of caseg; and such
is my deference to the judgment of the board, and their su-
1 perior knowledge of what renders an officer inefficient, and
1 wliat constitute real efficiency, that I cannot withhold from
their report my approval, nor advise you to do so, unless
] your better judgment shall make suggestions which may
have escaped me. I have reflected much, !yr, on this im-
portant proceeding, under a proper appreciation of the try-
. ing task devolved on the board, and with feelings far from
indifference, or insensibility to the inconvenience and pain
to which many maybe subjected."
This is exactly my own feeling. I take it for
granted that, in the execution of the extensive
reform, which the law directed, some errors have
been committed; but I cannot point to any par-
ticular instance in which I am sure that the board
has been too harsh in its classification, although
I am inclined to think it so in a few cases. Cer-
tain I am that their errors have been more fre-
quent on the side of undue leniency rather than
on that of excessive rigor. If there should be any
found, by subsequent investigation, the President
has it in his power to correct them by sending
in new appointments of the displaced officers to
fill vacancies that have occurred, or will occur, in
the different grades, to take the rank on the active
list which the appointees would have occupied,
had they not been retired. If an officer has Deen
dropped, when he should have been placed on the
leave of absence or furlough list, the same course
may be pursued to fill vacancies occurring on
those lists; but I contend that the finding of the
board must be taken prima facie to be correct in
each case; that every presumption is in its favor;
and that on him who impugns it in his own per-
son is thrown the burden of proof.
There is one case, in which, while I am satis-
fied that the President, in approving the finding
of the board, has acted in strict conformity with
the letter and spirit of the law, I should desire to
see him correct, as he has the clear constitutional
power to do, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, the effect of the law. Every rule, how-
ever salutary, has its exceptions; and I find one
in Commodore Stewart. At his age; it is impos-
sible that he can promptly and efficiently perform
all his duties ashore and afloat; yet, in consider-
ation of his peculiar services, his strong, and as I
believe unimpaired, intellect, his thorough knowl-
edge of every branch of his profession, I would
rejoice for the interests of the Navy to see him
replaced at the head of the list which he has so
long adorned. This can, in consequence of the
lamented death of Commodore Morris, be done
to-morrow. - Such a nomination would, I am
sure, command the ready assent of the Senate.
Sympathy has naturally been excited in favor of
several officers placed on the retired list, who have
been for many years employed on the coast sur-
vey, or other duties of a scientific character, and
who have discharged them satisfactorily. They
were probably the most embarrassing to the board
and to the Executive; but they are provided for
by the bill from the Naval Committee. For my-
self, I shall be most happy to concur in redressing
any wrong that may have been inflicted on the
humblest individual; but, rather than consent to
the general reinstatement of those who have, in
my opinion, been disposed of, so much to the
advantage of the Navy, I would vote for disband-
ing it entirely.
Mr. CLAYTON obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend from Del-
aware allow me to make some personal explana-
tions, in connection with this subject?
