1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1927
and thereby nope to starve the courts into sub-
mission. That will do no good. Stop all, sir.
That is the only proper course. And I guaranty
that, if this House show a proper purpose in re-
gard to this matter, we shall repress the evil.
If there is to be no capitulation on easy terms to
all, as the fortress cannot be stormed, I would
sit quietly down before it and starve the garrison
into a surrender.
Mr. GROW. I agree with the gentleman from
Indiana m one remark, although I do not agree
with his amendment.
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) Is the gentleman
from Pennsylvania opposed to the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is unable to
say until the gentleman announces his sentiments.
Mr. GROW. Yes, sir; I am. 1 agree with the
gentleman from Indiana in one remark he has
made; that the proper remedy for the troubles in
Kansas is to take it by the roots. We proposed
in this House, not long ago, a remedy of that
kind, which was to give peace and pacification to
Kansas, and to restore her to freedom, as she was
pledged more than a third of a century ago. But
the gentleman from Indiana was not ready then
to pluck up the trouble by the roots, when I pro-
posed to strike out slavery from Kansas forever,
by admitting Kansas as a State, and leaving her
to manage h^r own affairs, with her own consti-
tution, her own executive, and her own legisla-
tive department. The gentleman was not ready
for that remedy. Tt did not suit him. That would
have pulled up these troubles, and ended them
forever, and would have been an effectual restora-
tion of the Missouri compromise.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman state what
measure he ever proposed ior that purpose? i
did not hear him say what his project was.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Indiana
refused to vote for the bill to admit Kansas as a
State.
Mr. DUNN. Precisely. I did that, and ought
to have done so. Instead of giving relief, that
measure would have aggravated our troubles.
Mr. GROW, That would have pulled up all
these troubles by the root. That would have
ended all the troubles m Kansas. The people
there would have been then left to govern them-
selves under a government of their own formation.
Mr. PHELPS. Just as they are now.
Mr. GROW. Just as they are now ! With a
Legislature elected by border ruffians—with laws
enacted by men eleeted by ruffians imported from
Missouri. That Legislature has appointed every
single officer—not before appointed by the Pres-
ident—that is in the Territory of Kansas to-
day. There is not an officer there, civil, mili-
tary, or judicial, in the selection of whom any
bona fide resident of the Territory had any voice.
Those that were not appointed by the executive,
were appointed by the Legislature, and by their
appointees; and yet the people are left to govern
themselves! With a posse mustered into ser-
vice, sent from South Carolina for the purpose of
making Kansas a slave State.
The question was taken on Mr. Dunn's amend-
ment, and the Chair announced that the noes were
in the majority.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL called for tellers; and
then withdrew the call.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is lost.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask for tellers.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not hear
the gentleman in time.
Mr. MORGAN. Every one else heard me, if
the Chair did not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair heard the gen-
tleman from New York demand tellers, but not
until the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. A. K.
Marshall] had withdrawn thecall, and the Chair
had announced the decision. The Chair, how-
ever, if the gentleman insists on tellers, will put
the question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Leiter and
Buffintont were appointed.
The question was again put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes seventy-one, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. GROW offered the following amendment
to the amendment:
Provided, That the money hereby appropriated shall not
be drawn from the Treasury, or any part thereof, and the
same, or any part thereof, shall not be paid out of any other
money in the Treasury, or any other appropnation made by
C\msrres>d, until the ciumnal piosecution^ now pending in
any court of the Territory of Kan-ih, a^ain<t any person
or persons charged with treason ngauiht the United States,
and all criminal prosecutions bv information or indictment
tor any alleged violation or disiogaid of the piovisions of
the laws of a body of men who assembled at the Shawnee
Mission in said Territory claiming to be the Legislative
Assembly of said Temtory, shall be dismissed by thy court;
and every person who ha< been, or may be, restrained of
his liberty by leason of such prosecution or prosecutions,
shall be released from confinement.
Mr. DUNN. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the amendment already adopted set-
tled conclusively that no money appropriated by
this act should be drawn from the Treasury until
all the troubles in Kansas shall have been settled
by an act of Congress. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania now proposes to amend by adding
a proposition which shall settle only a portion of
those troubles. I submit that his proposition is
embraced m the general proposition which I have
submitted. My proposition is to settle all the
troubles—the gentleman only seeks to settle apart.
That is just the difference between the gentleman
and myself.
Tiie CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is
competent for the committee to determine whether
they will adopt the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania as a limitation of the amend-
i ment of the gentleman from Indiana, and overrules
] the point of order.
j Mr. GROW. Just one word on this amend-
j ment, for 1 do not propose to consume any time
| upon it. In reply to the gentleman from Mis-
S souri some time since, I have to say that I have
| not the least desire to embarrass this appropria-
i tion bill. I stated my position simply to be, that
I I will not vote money to sustain usurpation,
j whether it be legislative or judicial, m the Terri-
I tory. I am in favor, therefore, of restricting the
! appropriations for the Territory of Kansas, so
I that they shall not be used to sustain usurpation.
| It is for no purpose of embarrassing this appro-
priation bill. I will throw no obstacle in the
j way of its speedy passage. I am anxious as any
I gentleman upon this floor can be, that the neces-
i sary appropriations shall be made to carry on
j the Government.
Mi. PHELPS. It seems the gentleman from
Pennsylvania takes a little exception to the posi-
tion which 1 assigned him; but his whole course
indicates that I have assigned to him his correct
position. 1 did not charge anything as to his m-
i teniion. I merely stated what would be the effect
1 of adopting his amendment. Does the gentleman
I suppose that an amendment of this kind would
i receive the sanction of the other two branches of
; the Government, if it passed this House? So
! much for the remark of the gentleman from
j Pennsylvania, and the effect of his amendment,
i The gentleman seeks to arrive at a remedy for
| the difficulty which he specifies by the legislation
of Congress. Sir, I say here in my place, that,
at this day, and from the day of the passage of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, the pro-slavery party
in that Temtory have had a majority there; and
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and his friends
who have acted with him during the present ses-
sion of Congress, have evinced their belief that
such a state of facts exists, for they are unwilling
that the people of Kansas shall settle this ques-
tion for themselves. I say that, in consequence
of the contiguity of Missouri to that Territory,
more settlers have gone over into Kansas from
that State than from any northern State, or from
all the noithern States. Such arc the deductions
which I make from the testimony taken by the
Kansas investigating committee. The persons
who have been sent there by your emigrant aid
societies were men who were not the proper ma-
terial for pioneers of the West. Such men as
you have sent there will but few of them become
actual settlers of the Territory. They stay there
a few weeks, vote, and go buck to the East.
The question was taken on Mr. Grow's amend-
ment, in the nature of a proviso, and was re-
jected.
The question was then taken on Mr. Grow's
original amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to strike
out from line seven hundred and eighty-four to
line seven hundred and ninety-two inclusive, as
follows:
Territory of Kansas. — For salaries of Governor, three
judge=} and secretary, $10^00.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, $1,500.
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, cieiks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, $20,01)0—
—as it has been amended.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise t6 4
question of order. The first clause has been
passed. The second clause is the point at which
, the committee has now arrived.
The CHAIRMAN. That is so.
j Mr. WASHBURN. I submit that it is the
j right of any member to ask a separate vote on
: each clause, and that the amendment of the geri-
I tleman from Ohio is therefore out of order.
| The CHAIRMAN. The first clause* has beeu
| amended. We are now at the following clause;
For contingent expenses of said Territory, $1,500.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I modify my amendment.
I move to strike out the following:
For contingent expenses of said Territory, $1,500.
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent
expenses of the Assembly, $20,000.
1 will not go into a discussion of the Kansas
troubles. I desire to bring this bill in some shape
into the House to-night, and therefore mafee tne
motion to strike out.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment.
Mr. ORR. I desire to assist the gentleman m
getting the bill out of committee. There are two
paragraphs embraced by his motion, and I wish
them leported so that there shall be a vote ori
each. I suggest that he move to strike out the
first paragraph, and when that is disposed at
move to strike out the other.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will do tliat. I move
to strike out the first paragraph, which is as
follows:
For contingent expenses of said Territory, $1,500.
T do not propose to consume time. Let us-
have a vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. Iam opposed to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was disagreed to; there being, ott
a division—ayes 32, noes 85.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is not the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana part of the first clause ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
condition of the Kansas provision, as it now
stands, inasmuch as it has been troubling the
Clerk for a moment past. The lines seven hun-
dred and eighty-five and seven hundred arid
eighty-six—for salaries of Governor, three judges,
and secretary, $10,500—stand as they are; ana to
them is added the amendment of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Duxn.] To that is attached
the proviso of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Grow.]
Many Members. No ! the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania was lost.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee are mis-
taken. The original amendment was lost, but
the proviso was adopted. The text is now as the
Chair has stated it.
Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
I think the Chair is mistaken m regard to the
proviso of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. On
a division on the proviso it was announced there
were only eight in the affirmative, and that the
amendment was lost.
Mr. SNEED. That clearly was the case.
Mr. WINSLOW. Such was the understand-
ing in this part of the Hall.
Mr. GROW. The Chair has decided the'ques-
tion, and no debate is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following amend-
| ment, to come in at the end of line seven hundred
| and eighty-eight:
' Provided, That no part of the money hereby appropriated
' for the Temtory of Kansas shall be paid until all pending
j prosecutions in said Territory for refusing to act as a partot
| the posse comitates, or for treason, or for taking part in any
| alleged election therein, or for any other political crime or
! offense, shall be suspended until Congress shall have passed
j upon the validity of the alleged Legislative Assembly of said
I Territory, and until such time all persons now in custody
; for such alleged crime or offense shall be discharged; and
| until such time no one shall be charged with any such crime
i or offense.
' Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. The
