185#.
fill &ONGHESSl0NiL GLOBE.
■will not vote for Mr. Orr when the rote comes-
to be taken, and thus defeat his election? It
seems to mc this is a matter that needs explana-
tion. The resolution cannot pass unless a ma-
jority vote for it. If-a majority of the House
vote for it, and carry it out in good faith, the
same majority will elect Mr. Orr upon the first
vote, and there will be no need of a second vote
for the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Why not, -
then, at'once offer a resolution declaring the gen-
tleman from South Carolina elected ?
Mr. COX. The gentleman from Virginia does
not suppose that, if the resolution was adopted, I
should refuse to vote for Mr. Orr"?
Mr. BOCOCK. Certainly not. But if a ma-
jority of the House vote for the resolution, and
all who vote for the resolution vote for Mr. Orr,
lie will be elected; and why make provision for
any further vote ?
Mr. COX. If there is any gentleman belong-
ing to the party with which I act in this House,
who would vote for the resolutions and then re-
fuse to carry them out in good ftiith, I should be
ashamed to associate with him afterwards.
Mr. TAYLOR. I rise merely for the purpose
of asking a question of the distinguished gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. H. Marshall] who
spoke next following the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr.. Clingman.] That gentleman
seemed to speak as if he attached great import-
ance, as if it wore something seriously affecting
his own position, as though it were a matter of
the last importance, to know the precise construc-
tion which was placed upon the Kansas-Nebraska
act by the Democratic party of the.House. He
spoke of there being Democrats who gave it a
particular construction in one portion of the Union,
and Democrats who gave it another, and a differ-
ent, construction in another portion of the Union.
Now, 1 wish to.ask that gentleman, why it is
that he attaches so much importance at this time
to that construction, if he stands where he stood
on the 18th day of December last? At that time,
as will be seen by reference to the Congressional
Globe of that date, that gentleman, giving ex-
pression to the principle upon which the party
9 organization to wlych he belonged was basecf,
said:
"We do not apply as a test of.politieal soundness the
advocacy or rejection of the Kansas-Nebraska hjJi. Wo
do not a-k a in an whether he i<; lor or against the pnnciples
or' that bill. We ask of every man that lie will consider
that content as closed, and his pledge to resist the sectional
suite to which it has given rise."
Now, if that is still the position of that gentle-
man, if that is the foundation upon which his
party stands, 1 ask why it is that he attaches so
much importance to the construction which may
possibly be given to the principles of that bill?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman
allow me to answer?
Mr. TAYLOR. Certainly.
Mr. MARSHALL. It is a matter of no con-
sequence to my political position how the Demo-
ciatic party may stand in regard to that bill. I
want to consider that contest as closed; and 1 do
not care a jot whether a man was for or against
that bill, provided that man will stand with mc
and consider the contest closed.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then why make a point
in reference 10 our difference of construction?
Mr. MARSHALL. Because I think, if the
construction obtain which has been stated to bo
the construction of the Democrats North, to wit:
that the mr>n of the territorial government may
fix the political institutions of the Teriitory,—
which is what is known as squatter sovereignty,
—if that is the feast to which they invite us, 1
consider their position as bad as the worst Repub-
lican one that can be devised.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Are they to settle it,
or those in the Territoiy?
Mr. MARSHALL. * I am asking you, how
you want it settled?
Mr. RICHARDSON. And I am asking you,
how it will be settled>
Mr. MARSHALL. I am asking the gentle-
men who passed the bill, how they understand
the bill; whether they go before the people and
declare that they have made a bill which allows
the people of the Territory, pending the Terri-
torial Government, to lix their political institu-
tions m their own way, even if they happen to
be a load of Dutchmen, who, as they pass through
Now York city, make a declaiation of intention
to become citizens? If they are in favor of doing
this, then away with your Kansas-Nebraska bill.
There is not a man on the fiepublican side of the
House that I would not consider as sa£e to my
section of the country as the legislators who will
proclaim that legislation. [Applause.]
Mr. RrCHARDSON took the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. I thought I was replying
to the gentleman from Louisiana.
. Thfe CLERK. The time of the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr., Taylor] has expired.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will then take an early oc-
casion to reply to the gentleman from Kentucky,
and to present my views upon the subject in full.
The resolutions were again read, at the request
of several members.
Mr. LINDLEY. Mr. Clerk, I wish to make
a suggestion to my friend from Kentucky.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the call for the previous
question,'in order to hear the suggestion of the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. LTNDLEY. I understand the resolution
to require us, if passed, to vote for the Adminis-
tration nominee first, and then for Mr. Fuller.
That party here (the Administration) seem de-
termined that we shall make an unconditional
surrender to them. "We must not only vote for
one of their party, but he must be the nominee
of their caucus; and, not content with that, he
must stand on a platform of their own making;
and, however offensive it may be to us, they
require that we shall indorse the man, the nom-
ination, platform, and party. Now, sir, much as
I am disposed to accommodate this matter, and
to make concessions in order to effect an organi-
zation, yet I cannot vote for a nominee of the
Administration party, and cannot, therefore, vote
for the pending resolution. I have no personal
objections to either of the gentlemen who have
been nominated by that party; I esteem and
respect them both highly; but when in the last
Congress J protested against a certain feature of
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, which I thought unjust,
unnecessary, and calculated to injure the insti-
tutions of my section of the country, though I
voted for the bill, I cannot now come here and
stultify myself by adopting their caucus platform,
and thus indorse the Nebraska bill in each and
every part—Badger proviso and all, which feature
of the bill I then believed, and now believe, to be
unjust and wrong. I cannot, therefore, vote for
the man, however much 1 nifty esteem him per-
sonally, who stands on that platform as the caucus-
nominee.
There is some point in the objection made by
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bococic,] that
if we and they united can elect, and this resolu-
tion pass, Mr. Our would be elected on the first
ballot, and hence there is no use of having, as an
alternative, that they ahall -\ote for Mr.
He flunks it looks like an attempt to play some
kind of a game on them." Tor my part, 1 have no
such wish, and therefore 1 make thus known my
determination in ^ood faith. There is an honest
difference of opinion between us and the other
side respecting public matters, and not a hatred
between us. 1 do not hate Democracy—1 rather
love it, and would cherish it; but I cannot think
that the history of this Administration is a fair
exposition of true and genuine Democrat v. [Ap-
plause.] Therefore, if my friend, instead of;
embracing m his resolution the nominee of that
party, standing ns he does on that platform, will
take some other member of the party, or let them
take their candidate off his platfbi m, I shall then
vote for the resolution and the man. I can vote
for a Democrat on his personal merits; 1 have
been willing, front the first, to do it; but cannot
with consistency or propriety, if he stands on
that platform. In return, should it pass and we
I fail to elect a Democrat on the first ballot, they
need not vote for Mr. Fuller, if he is regarded
I as a nominee, though he is not. They may take
1 some other man—my colleague before me, [Mr.
! Porter,] for instance, who is not a member of
! the American organization, but an old-fashioned
Whig, of which kind of men they now profess
so much admiration. [Laughter.] Let them take
such a one, if a Democrat cannot be elected under
I the operation of the resolution.
I will not move an amendment to the resolu-
tion, but only make the suggestion to my friend,
that he substitute for the name of the nominee
! that of some otlfer gentleman of that party. There
are many good" men among them. I might m^n-
tiop the. name of the distinguished gehtleman
from Tennessee, whom I^regardas moderate arid
conservative; and I do not think, he f^lly' ap-
proves or loves this Administration over well~i
allude to the honest member from Tennessee,5
[laughter,] not intending, of course, any reflec-
tion on,any other members of the delegation.
There is. one (not meaning to disparage $ny other
Representative from that State) who is known as
'^honest George/5 and' I am willing to vote for
him. . . ' ;.
, Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I beg leave-tb"
decline. . \
Mr. LIJsTDLEY. I assure my friend that,
while I should be perfectly willingto indorse his'
honesty, I had not the least intention to allude to
him. [Laughter.] I thought the distinguished
gentleman to whom I referred [Mr. Jones] was
so well known by that title, that every merqber
of the House would at once perceive to whom I
alluded.
Mr. WRIGHT. The gentleman describe^ ihe
so accurately, that I thought he was alluding to
me. 0
Mr. LINDLEY. Mr. Clerk, I will suggest
to my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Cox] that he
mtfdify his resolution, and substitute the names
of other gentlemen for those of the nominees of
the two jiarties, (if Mr. Fuller is regarded jas a
party nominee,) and then I shall vote for his*
resolution, considering that I do not thereby in-
dorse the Administration, nor the " Badger pro-
viso" in the Nebraska bill.
Mr. COX. I will say to the gentleman that
he misunderstands the resolution.
The CLERK. The Clerk vHll suggest to the
gentleman from Kentucky that he is out of order,
as he has already spoken twice upon his resolu-
tion.
Mr. COX. Well, then, will I renew, the de-
mand for the previous question. The resolution
explains itself.
Mr. GREENWOOD. X ask the gentleman to
withdraw the call for the previous question, and
permit mc to ask the gentleman from Missouri a
question.
Mr. COX. I cannot do it. '
Mr. GREENWOOD. I only want to ask the
gentleman if he did not support the Nebraska bill
against which he now protests?
Mr. LINDLEY. I did vote for the bill, but
with a protest against that particular feature of it.
Mr. COX. 1 insist upon the demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. COX. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 30, nays 176; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Allen, Boyee, Branch, John P. Camp-
belt, Carhle, Cox, Ethendge, Eustis," Evans, Foster, J.
Moru>-oii Ham.j, Hoffman, lvennett, Kulwcll, Alexander
K. Mau-hall, JJumphiey Maishall, Porter, Rieand, Rust,
tfamlnljre, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William It.
Smith, SWupe, Trippe, Underwood, Vaik, Walker, Wheeler,
and John V. Wiigbt—.10
NAVS—Aiken, Albri<rlit, Allison, Banks, Bar-
bour, iJaiciay, Bark-dale, jDell, Henry Bennett, Ilendley S.
Bennett, Benson, lhllhujhurBt, Bmjrhntn, Bishop, Bli*-s,
Boeoek, Bowie, Brad.-diaw, Brenton, Biooks, Btoom, Buf-
hngton,Buiiinijame,Biui)olt,Cadwaiader, Janice II. Camp-
bell, Lewis ii. Campbell, Ca^kie, Chaffee, E/.ia Ckuk,
Clawjori, Clmjrman, Howell Cobb, Williamson It. W.
Cobb, Colfax, Coming, Covode, Crajrin, CrawioiU, Cullen,
Cumbaek, Damrell, Daud^on, Da\, Dean, Denver, De
Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Dunn, Durfoc, Ed-
trmnd-on, Elliott, Eu^h^h. Flajylei, Floience, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Galloway, Giddin^, Gilbert, Goode, Granger,
Greenwood, Giow, Aniru-tuh Hull, ilobcit Hall, Harlan,
Samp on W. Han i-s, Thonia-s L. Ham-, llar'ribon, Haven,
Heib"it, Hickman, Ilolloway, Thomas R. Hoi ton, Houston,
Howard, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glgtuey Jones, Kelly,
Jvel.-ey, Kins, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Lake.'hert'V, Letehe>, Lmdlcv. Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Matto«on, Maxwell, MeCaitv. McMulIm, McQueen,
Meaehani, KiiUaii Miller, Smith Mills), MilL-on, Moore,
Mo-asm, Morull. Mutt, Muiray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew
Okvei, Mordeeai Oliver, Paine, Parker, Pcarce, Peck,
l'elton, Peirv, Pettu, Phelps, Pike, Powell, PungJe, Pur-
vi.uice, Puiyear, Quitman, Ready, Ihchatd«on, Ritchie,
Riveis, Robbing, Roberts,Rulfin.Sabm.yagCjSapp, Savage,
Seott, Shorter, Simmons, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Stianahun, Talboft, Tappan, Thorington,
Thurston, Todd, Tiatton, Tjvoiu Vail, Wade, WaJbiulge,
Waldi on, Warner, Caihval.idei C. Washbnrne, Ellihu B.
Wasliburne, Israel Wa-.-hbum, Watkins, Wat&on, Welchj
Well*, Whitney, William-, Wmslow, Wood, Woodruff,
Woodwoith, Daniel 13. Wught, and Zolhcoffer—176.
So the resolution was rejected.
