318
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL mmK
[March 81,
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly, sir.
*
Mr BUTLER. It is extremely unfortunate,
Mr President, that this discussion has involved
a personal issue, which I never desired or con-
templated. Whilst I was contending for the
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Butler.
within the sphere of your official objections, I
respect the judgment. I have not his letter be-
fore me; but I know that in that letter he was as
sensitive as any man could be, that any imputation
should be made on him that he would betray the
secrets of his comrades.
A personal issue has been raised as to Mr.
rempaicu.    _ ,  v,,r A personal issue nas Deen raiseu as <•« j*".
L„rH. helievin? that the Bartletfs construction of a letter commodore
Perry. It seems to me that Mr. Bartlett either
did not have a copy of that letter, or the one
quoted as having the sanction of authority is a
misconstruction or misapprehension. It suggests
much more than is authorized by the language
of the letter. When such things are introduced
into the Senate as authority, are they more than
rumor ?
Sir, when you turn round and make the mem-
bers of the board defendants, you will find that j
they will rally about their character as many
friends as the discarded officers. As long as you
arraigned the judgment of the board, you had a
right to do it, and you could bring down the judg-
ment of the public on it; but when you trans-
cended those limits, and went into th« character
of those men—every one of whom can vindicate
his character as ftir as 1 know—I beg to be ex-
cused from taking any part in such a mode of
proceeding. The mode in which I have proceeded
would, in my opinion, have a ten times more
imposing effect in reversing the judgment which
has been pronounced under this law. It is an
odious ana unjust law; and there is not a man
who has sat on the board who will not say that
injurious judgments have not been pronounced
' under it. Some of them would almost put their
hands in the fire if they could withdraw some of
the judgments which they have pronounced. I
the judgment of this board, believing that the
operation of the law had been unjust; believing
that those upon whom it operated were affected
by a species of testimony and a mode of trial un-
known, thank God, to the Constitution of this
country,! was sorry to see the same mode of in-
dictment resorted to against the members of the
board themselves. I undertake to say that the
issues which have been made by those who have ,
indulged in sarcastic remarks on members of the
board, and who have made what I must be per-
mitted to designate as unjust charges, will be un-
favorable to a correct judgment by the Senate ana
the country. .
Now, sir, I believe that the law in question
passed through the Legislature of this country in
a way whiclfcannot receive my approbation. 1
do not say that there were not pome gentlemen j
here who pronounced an intelligent judgment
upon it. The Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Sltobll] says that he did. I was opposed to the
law because it looked to the organization of an
odious tribunal.
What was the tribunal contemplated to be pro-
vided by this law > Was it a grand jury, sworn,
as i suppose all of them are, or acting at least
under the injunctions of honor not to disclose
the opinions which each may form, but to keep
other's views secret ? If that were the case,
it was right, according to every principle known
to the Constitution and laws of the country, that
each person "affected by their conclusion as a
grand jury shpuld be indicted, .and should have
His trial aptrtisferihtts. Such has been my opin-
ion. My complaint has been in regard to the
whole organization of this tribunal, i have said
that it did not derive its origin from such a con-
sideration as could favorably result in maintaining
the rights of the parties who were to be involved
in its decisions. My objection to it has been that
its legal character was wrong. Frankness requires
me now to repeat what I have said before, that
the board, in my opinion, had not even conformed
to the law. It was the duty of that board, not to
assume the arbitrary power of the occlusion of
the evidence on which they were acting, but they
should have reported it to the President, and, if
need be, to the Senate, and let us have an oppor-
tunity to decide on it. I do not believe the Sec-
retory of the Navy discharged his duty. 1
I am thus explicit in regard to my general views
before I approach what I have to say in reference
to some personal matters. I intend here, as a Sen- j
fttor, to speak fully on my responsibility. 1 say
that, in my opinion, the Secretary of the Navy
should have required the board to report to hitn >
the evidence-on which they acted to enlighten his
judgment. Nor do I believe the President dis-
charged his duty in this matter. I think he should
have required all the evidence on which he dis-
missed any man from the Navy to be presented
to him; the act should' have been his decision,
founded on evidence.
I have saW before, and-1 say again, in connec-
tion with what has- been stated by my friend
from Louisiana and my Mend from Georgia,
(-because I do not wish to be misunderstood,) that,
whilst I stand here to maintain that process1 of
trial which must look to justice in it8>judgment,
I shall not make personal issues, or resort to ru-
mor, in order to impeach the board. I would not-
stand here on mererumor to impeach even-"Warren-
Hastings himself. I would have some evidence.
I think my friend from Georgia hasinvolved him-
self in difficulty by the same kind of rumpr which
I have no doubt prevailed in the board. All sides
shall get a frank expression of my judgment on
this occasion.
I have known the fact in regard td the letter of
Commodore Perry, which has been alluded to
to-day. He has written, to me on the subject of
this board, using a very strong expression. He
said to me, substantially: " Youhave pitched into
the-botitd, and, sir, I feel the force of what you
have said about it; but a# long as you' confine it
am not going to excuse the board within the
sphere of their official functions; but when I see
them indicted upon rumor and upon Bartlett's
testimony, and when I see arrows shot at them
without regard to any aim, I must be permitted
to say that I will stand here to do justice; and I
intend to do it now in reference to two gentlemen,
one of whom perhaps, has no good feelings to-
wards me as I learn, but on the contrary, has in-
dulged to some extent a belief that I have been
his enemy.
Now, sir, I approach the case of Captain
Stribling, who was- animadverted upon by the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,] some time
since. He came to me this morning, and I found
him to be a very modest man. I believe .he is a
member of the church, and on: that account the
Senator from Texas should
" Be to his faults a little blind,
And to his virtues very kind."
Captain Stribling wa? brought before me by
Commodore Shubnck. He came with a diffidence
at which I was astonished. He told me that my
strictures on the board were very severe, and he
had felt them deeply, coming from my own State.
"Why," said I, " do tiou suppose I would not
do you justice?" " Well,"said he, " Ihopeyou
will." I responded, "Captain, I will do it as
well as I can. He remarked that two charges
had been-made against him in the Senate, where
he could not defend himself, and he asked me if
I would defend him. I told him that I should
not defend him further than I could consult truth
on thesubject; but that if he would give me a state-
ment which I thought true, I would adopt it and
indorse it as my belief. He has given me a> state-
ment; I have conned it over; and I believe every
word of it to be true. I think it is an answer to
the indictment of the Senator from Texas, [Mr.
Houston.] I will read.a letter which he has sent
to me, ana also a statement in regard to a point
commented; on by that Senator.
Georgetown, D.C., M/trch 29,1836-.
Mr DKiR Sm: I inelose herewith the" note upon the in-
spection of the San Jacinto, and the remarks as you re- ■
quested. The latter I had some difficulty about; but I hope
you will do with them as you please—throw them aside
altogether, or change them to suit yourself.
It h always unpleasant to speak of ourselves, or of our
actions bat I feel constrained, forthe first time in my life,
to refer to my services; and I should not do so now if my
name had not been, I think very improperly, introduced in
a debate in the Senate.
I have been in the Navy merer than- forty-three years. I
have been mere, than twenty-three years at sea, and ever
eleven years employed on duty ashore; and have served
iri evwy grade" ftom mMsTliptnaa to eUptainv r was a mid-
Senate.
shipraan on board the Macedonian and Mohawk daring the
late war with England, and on board the Macedonian in
the war against Algiers. 1 was a lieutenant in the war
against the pirates, during the years 1822 to 182o inclusive.
In this service I, at one time, commanded two barges, and
succeeded in capturing one of the most successful piratical
vessels, commanded by a celebrated pirate named Deableto.
I have twice circumnavigated the Globe, and have served
on every station, except the west coast of Africa; and now,
forthe first time in my life, my conduct has been censured,
and my motives impugned on the floor of the Senate.
In my note upon the inspection of the San Jacinte, I
have stated what I belive to be true ; that the ship was effi-
cient for any service when she arrived at New York. My
explanation will, I think, commend itself to all impartial
naval men, who alone can fully understand the causes
which operated to produce such a report as that made by
the inspecting officers, five days after the arrival ot Uie ship
^sTt at all probable that, knowing the service we were
on, £ neglected the most important duty devolving on a
commander under such circumstances—to have his ship
ready to fight? i do not think that those who have known
my previous services will give credit to such a supposition.
I regret to trouble you ; but the reputation of every man
is dear to him, and to an officer of the Army or Navy, it is
his all; and I cannot sit down quietly, and hear my profes-
sional character traduced, and my motives impugned, with-
out an effort to vindicate both.
I am, my dear sir, faithfully yours^ r aTRIBUNQ<
Hon. Mr. Butler, United States Senator.'
Note, upon the report of the officer! appointed, to inspect the
United States ship San Jacinto. See Senate Ex. Doc.
No. 29, Thirty-Fourth, Congress, first session.
In the note appended to the report of the inspecting
officers, they say some allowance should perhaps be made,
owing to the time and circumstances, to wit: The com-
manding officer had been ordered to land the stores, unreeve
tlie running rigging, &e., preparatory to the immediate trans-
fer of the crew to Norfolk, most of which was executed
when they received their orders to proceed to the inspec-
tion of the ship. If they (the inspecting officers) had added
to this note the discontent of the crew under these circum-
stances, and their evident unwillingness to perform any
duty with alacrity, the whole cause of this seeming unpre-
paredness of the ship for efficient service would have been
understood. As the report of the inspecting officers stands,
it would appear that such was not the case. The reply of
the Secretary of the Navy to my explanation, that it wa 
" satisfactory," would, under ordinary circumstances, be
quite sufficient; but when this report is distorted, as it has
been on the floor of the Senate, I feel that something more
is required of me ; and I now beg to remark, that during
the cruise (two months) of the San Jacinto, there had been
frequent exercises of the crew, and one exercise and prac-
tice at target firing, which at the time was considered quite
satisfactory; to this may be added frequent firing of salutes,
which, with the number of guns used, (eight,) were exer-
cises Uiat required expertness, as in some cases each gun
had to be fired two or three times in quick succession.
The reportof the inspecting officers, Nos. 9 and 19, show
that the men were will drilled for passing powder, and the
arrangements for extinguishing fire were good. Is it not
then fairly to be inferred, that if the crew had performed
their duty with alacrity, or shown that «eal usual in actetV
about to be discharged', (they were not to be discharged,
and were d issatisfied at the prospect of being sent to another
station and ship under new officers,) the exercises in which
they appeared deficient would have been satisfactory?
In the report of the inspecting officers, Nos. 13^ 14, and99,
the defects referred to were not such as I could or had a
right to alter; in all these cases, the defects or want of
proper arrangement, is chargeable to the manner in which
the ship was fitted for sea, at the navy-yard. My duty was
to do the best with the ship as I found her. I did, on one
occasion, use the boat-suns in the boats, when they wete
exercised and fired at target, as was reported to the Bureau,
and could have been Used again' if necessary, deficient as
the arrangements were. As> to the detects referred tcr in
No. 20, the report of the inspecting officers sUows that they
were not owing to any neglect of mine, and that notwith-
standing these dsfects, the report No. 9 says, the men were
well trained in passing powder from the magazHne, aha
thence to the guns. It was the duty of the inspecting officer#
to notice " defects," and to point out improvements; but it
does not follow that I was to blame for tjij " defects ;" on
the contrary, the regulations forbid a commander to make
any alterations.
Admittin g that" the result of the examination was not s#
satisfactory as desired,'.' as Captain Boatman saya in hai
letter forwarding the report of the inspecting,officers, I fyeg
leave to affirm that when- the San Jacinto arrived at New
York, five days before the inspection took place, she was1
efficient for any service, and that the apparent deficiency
was owing to the " time and circumstances" referred to by ■
the inspecting officers in their note', and not to the neglect,
of drill or exercises on my part.
I had been detached with order* to be in washington-BJr
the 20th of June, and had left New York before the inspec-
tion of the San Jacinto took place. The discontent of tM
crew, and the impossibility of getting them to woik with
zeal and alacrity, WlvSn the inspection took place, was re-
ported tO me by one of the lieutenants of the shij>.
r C. K. STRIBLING,
Captain United State* Navy.
N. B. I have requested the Secretary of the Navy t pta«f .
the above note on file at the Department,,
Thi/additional explanation bv Captain Strib-
ling, of the inspection of the San Jacinto, ap,-
pears to me to be sufficient and satisfactory^
but aS the honorable Senator from Texas" has
