328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Pending the call of the roll, the following re-
marks were made:
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee: Mr. Clerk, I voted
against the resolution of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Cox;] but as I now understand that
every member who votes for it will be pledged to
vote for Mr. Orr for Speaker, I will change my
vote and support the resolution. If the resolution
pass, it must, with this understanding, elect. Mr.
Orb, of South Carolina, as Speaker of this House.
. If, however, any of those who vote for this reso-
lution shall refuse to vote for Mr. Orr, I will re-
gard myself as released from any obligation to
vote for Mr. Poller , and shall certainly not do it.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I vote for the res-
olution, with the determination to vote for Mr.
Orr, if it passes.
Mr. ALLEN. I vote ay, for the same reason
as that assigned by the gentleman from Tennes-
see.
Mr. BOCOCK. I am very anxious to effect an
organization; but I see that nothing can come of
this resolution, and I vote no.
_ Mr. DAVIDSON. If T had had any disposi-
tion to vote f^j the resolution, the remarks of the
fentleman from Missouri [Mr. Lindi.ey] would
ave removed it. I vote 110.
Mr. TALBOTT. Is it in order for me to as-
sign the reasons for the vote I am about to give ?
The CLERK. It is not in order, under the
resolution of the House.
Mr. TALBOTT. I am very sorry for that.
I would like to say a word or two upon the sub-
ject.
The CLERK. It is not in order. The reso-
lution is imperative.
Mr. TALBOTT. This proposition has been
offered by one of my honorable colleagues from
Kentucky, and I would like to say a word or two
about it. 1 intend to vote against it, and I want
to assign my reasons for so doing.
The CLERK. If there be 110 objection, the
gentleman can give his reasons.
Mr. MATTESON. I must object.
Mr. TALBOTT. I was asked yesterday to
vote for the plurality rule.
The CLERK, (interrupting.) The Clerk will
state that objection is made, and the gentleman is
therefore not in order.
Mr. TALBOTT. I only desire to oceupy a
minute and a half.
The CLERK. If there be no objection, the
gentleman can occupy that time.
Several Members objected.
Mr. TALBOTT. Then I vote no.
Mr. GREENWOOD. As 1 see that a number
of the members of the American party are voting
against this resolution, I also cast my vote against
it.
Mr. PAINE. Having observed a good many
of the Democratic party casting their votes against
this resolution, I cast my vote against it too. [A
laugh.J I vote no.
The result of the vote was then announced as
above stated.
THE PLURALITY RULE, ETC.
Mr. HICKMAN. I offer the following reso-
lution, and upon it I demand the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the House will proceed immediately to
the election of a Speaker viva vocc; and if", alter the roll
shalUiavti been called three time*, no member shall have
received a majority of tlie whole number ot votes, the loll
shall again be called, and the member who shall then re-
ceive the largest number of votes, provided it be a majonty
of a quorum, shall be the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the Tliirty-Fouith Congress.
Mr. BOCOCK. I give notice that, if thep revious
question is not sustained, I will offer the following
as a substitute:
Resolved, That this House will proceed forthwith to vote
viva voce for a Speaker; and if, after two more votes, no
person shall have received a majority of the whole number
of votes given, then, upon the next vote, the person who
shall receive tlie largest number of votes, being a majority
of a quorum, shall bo declared'the Speaker of the House
of Representatives for the Thirty-Fourth Congress : Pro-
vided, That the standing committees of tins House, which
consist of nine members, including the Committee on Elec-
tions, shall be chosen as follows, viz:
The person declared Speaker, as, aforesaid, shall be en-
titled to appoint four members; the person who, on the
last vote, shall stand second in number of votes, shall ap-
point three members; and the person who shall be third
highest on the said last vote, bhall appoint two members
of said committees; and said committees >hali elect their
own-chairmen. All other standing committees, and all
special or select committees which may be ordered for the
House of Representatives during this Congress, shall be
appointed by the Committee of Elections, unless the House,
by general consent or by a two-third vote, shr.ll, in any
case, order otherwise.
And pi-ocirledfwther, That the person who leceives the
second number of votes on the la^t vote shall, in all oases,
during the Congress, if lie thinks proper, be entitled to pre-
side as Chairman of the Committee or' the Whole on the
state of the Union.
And the person who, on said last vote, shall receive the
third highest number, shall be entitled to preside as Chair-
man of the Whole House during the present Congress.
Whenever the chairman thus designated may be absent,
or may decline to serve, the Speaker may appoint a tem-
porary.chairman, whether of,the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, or of the Committee of the
Whole House, according to past usage.
Mr. WHEELER. I move to lay the whole
subject upon the table.
Mr. DOWDELL. I desire to give notice that,
if the previous question be not sustained, I will
offer the substitute which I submitted yesterday
to the House, and which is as follows:
Resolved, That the House shall proceed immediately to
vote viva voce foi Speaker; and the pei&uri having tlie
greatest number shall be the .Speaker, if such number be a
majonty of tlie whole vote cast; and if no person have such
majonty, then of the poisons having tlie highest numbers,
not exceeding two, on the list of those voted for as Speaker,
the Hou^e shall choose immediately viva voce the Speaker:
Provided, a majority of the whole vote cast shall be neces-
sary to a. choice.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to have read an
amendment which I will offer, if the previous
question be not ordered.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And after a Speakei &ha)l have been elected, the House
will proceed to elect by ballot a Committee on the Tein-
torie->, a Committee for the District of Columbia, a Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and a Committee of Elections, a
majonty ol all the votes given bemg necessary to a choice.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to have road the j
resolutions which I send to the desk, and which '
I will offer as a substitute if I can get an oppor- !
tunity to do so. j
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows: i
Resolved, That the Clerk of this Hou^e, when he next I
calls the roll of the mombets, shall, as eacli one answers,
write his name on a Htnp of paper, and m the presence of
the tellers and the Hou^c, place the same in a box to be pro-
cured by hnn, and after the roll has been exhausted, and
all the names of the members piesentate theiein deposited,
they shall he mingled together by the tollers, and ouch one ot
the said tellers shall alternately diaw out fiom the said box
a name, fortuitously, until the name-* of twelve members
have been thus selected, who ate hereby constituted a com-
mittee ; and they, oi a majority ol them, shall proceed im-
mediately to nominate a Speakei, and the pei  oii .-o nom-
inated and reported by tliem, under their hands, shall be the
Speaker of tlie Tlurlv Fouith Ooni?re.-«*
Resolved, fuifher, That ifthe committee selected accotd-
mg to the foregoing resolution, or a mo|ouf\ ol tlu\ut, shall
not he able to agiec mid icpou to tin-. iIou-i<* ;i Mutable per-
son, in their judgment, toi Speaker within one hour alter
their name-: have been diawn, men the names of the said
twelve shall be alone placed by tlie .-aid Cl^ik m the box
afmosatd, and each of the said telieis biiall alternately draw j
out, foituitout-ly, from the said box, a name, until five ol the :
said twelve membets shall have been thus ^elected, who j
are hereby constituted a committee; and they, or a ma- |
jontyof them, shall proceed immediately to nominate a
Speaker, and the ppison so nominated and reported bv the j
said five, under their hands, shall he the Speaker of the |
Thirty-Fouitil Congress. 1
Resolved, further. That if the committee of five selected :
according to the pieeeding resolution, or a majonty ot them, I
shall not be able to agree and icport to this limine a milt- [
able peison, m their judgment, foi Speaker, withm one hour j
aftet tlieii names have been diawn out. thou tin; names of J
the said live s>o diawn according tosaid tesolution .-hall be i
alone p'aeed by tlie t*aid Cleik m the box albie.-aul, and |
each one of the -aid telieis shall alternately* dntw out a i
name fortuitously; and aftei th -v s-hall have thus chaw n out ,
four of tin' said mimes, the tein<nni'ig name shall be taken i
out bv the Cleik, and the member who-e name w thus taken i
out shall pioceed immediately to nominate a Speakei for |
this House, and tlie peison so nominated and lepoifed by
the said member in the pie-encc of the House shall be the !
Speaker of the Thirtv-Fourth Congre-c.
Resolved, farther, That the Cleik and the tellers appointed '
and now acting shall proceed forthwith to carry into effect |
the foiegomg resolutions I
The CLERK. A motion to lay upon the table i,
the resolution offered by the gentleman from I
Pennsylvania [Mr, Hickman] is now before the
House; and upon it the yeas and nays are de-
manded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative—yeas 107, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyee, Blanch, BrooKs,
Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Carhle, Caiuthers, Caskie, Howell Cobb,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Culleu, Davidson,
Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Uowdell, Dunn, Edmund- i;
son, Elliott, English, Ethcridge, JEustis, Evans, Florence, i{
Foster, Jlenry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, [I
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hairis, Thomas !l
L. Harris. Harrison, Haven, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, i|
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, I^nnett, Kidwell, !!
Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Me-
Mulhn McQ,ueei), Smith Miller, MiHson, Milhvard, Moore,
Mordeca?'Oliver, Orr, Paine, Peek, Phelps, Porter, Powell,
Puryear, Quitman, Reside, Ready, Ricaud, Richaidson,
Rivers, Rutfin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Scott, Shoiter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Tnppe, Undei-
vvood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkms, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitney, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zollicoffer—107.'
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Barbour,
Baiclay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bdlinghuist, Bingham,
Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brcnton, Buflington, Buriinaame,
James H. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clmg-
man, Colfax, Comma, Covode, Cragm,Cumback, Damiell,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
Duitee, Edie, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Gian-
ger, Giow, Ilobcit B. Hall, Hailan, Herbert, Hickman,
Holloway, Thomas R. I-Iorton, Howard, Kelly, Kelsey,
King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter,
Mace, Maueson, McCarty, MeacJiam, Kiliian Miller,
Morg.in, Momll, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, An-
drew Olnei, Parker, Pearee, Pelton, Pennington, Peny,
Pettit, Pike, Prmgle, Purviauce, Ritchie, Robbms, Rob-
erts, riabin, Sa<rc, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorincton, Thurston, Toddy
Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Walhndgc, Waldiou, Cidwalader
C. Wa&hbume, Elhlm 0. Wa>hburne, L-iael Washburn,
Wat-on, Welch, Williams, Wood, Woodiuff, and Wood
worth—i 08.
Before the above result was announced,
Mr. JEWETT said: I have recorded my vote
upon the motion to lay upon the table, but since
that time I- have understood that a proposition
will be made to the House, tending to an organi-
zation, which will perhaps be more acceptable to
me than the proposition now before the House.
I will therefore ask leave to change my vote and
vote ay.
The CLERK. The question now recurs upon
the passage of the resolution.
Mr. MATTESON. I ask that it may be read
again.
The resolution was accordingly asrain read.
Mr. HICKMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suggest to the mover of
the resolution that, as it is late to-day, he shall
add to the resolution the words " on the meeting of
the House to-morrow, without debate," so that
we may take the votes to-morrow.
Mr HICKMAN". I neeept of the suggestion,,
and modify the resolution accordingly. *
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to have read a prop-
osition, which I shall offer in case the House shall
vote down the resolution of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That Jami:s L. Orr, Nathaniel P. B\nks,
and He\ry M. Fulli r be appoinud to eontet to«:cthci, and
repott the name of some member of this body upon u horn
they o; a nujoiity of them maj agiee, who shall bo declined
the Speakei of the Thirty-Fourth Congress. [L inghtet.]
Resolved, That said committee repoit to-morrow, inline
diately after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. LETCHER. Gentlemen seem to be
amused with my proposition; but I was never
more in earnest m my life. [Laughter.] Every-
thing has been tried, and we cannot be worse off
to try this course.
Mr. DOWDELL. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to withdraw his proposition for a
moment. [Cries of " No, no!"]
The CLERK. Deba te is not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. What is the direct propo-
sition before the House?
The CLERK. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Hickman] has accepted the modifica-
tion suggested by the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clingman;] and the question now
is upon the passage of the resolution as modified-
Mr. McMULLIN. I object to the modifica-
tion.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has the right to modify the
resolution as long as it is in his possession, and
not acted upon by the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I give notice to the House
that I do not intend to be gagged again: and I
move to lay the resolution upon the table.
The CLERK. The House has just decided
not to lay the resolution upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. This is a different propo-
sition; it is the original proposition modified.
The CLERK. A motion to lay upon the table
is not now in order, inasmuch as'the House has
this moment refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Mr. McMULLIN. But the resolution has
since been amended.
