1928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
amendment, if I understand it correctly, has been
once voted upon and rejected by the flouse.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. Though it may have been voted
down at another point of the bill, it still may be
agreeable to the committee to insert it in this
place.
Mr. ORR. The same amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. The same.
Mr. SHERMAN. If I understand the action
of the House in reference to the appropriations
for the Territory of Kansas, the first clause is
adopted as reported, with the proviso offered by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn.] I
voted for that proviso, and shall vote for it in the
House. But I wish to present this amendment
at this place in the bill, so the House may choose
between it and that of the gentleman from Indiana.
I noticed that many who were opposed to that
proviso voted for it, in order, as 1 suppose, to
defeat that offered by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Grow,] but will probably vote
against it in the House. I therefore desire to
attach this proviso, so that the House may vote
upon both, and adopt one or both. The propo-
sition of the gentleman from Indiana is right, and
goes far beyond what I propose. Did I believe
that gentlemen upon the other side of the House
were determined to adjourn this Congress with-
out giving any relief to the impending troubles
m Kansas, and that we must take that amend-
ment or nothing, I would stand by it. The
proposition which I now offer is far milder in its
character, and its only design is to stop political
prosecutions in Kansas, and prohibit others from
being instituted, until Congress can act, and shall
have passed upon the validity of the alleged
Legislature of Kansas.
If the other side of the House refuse this simple
proposition of justice, and wish to force upon us
a proposition more radical in its character, I trust
the issue will be accepted, and, through weal or
woe, we will stand by and insist upon the uncon-
ditional restoration of the Missouri restriction;
but I prefer the proposition which I have now
offered, because it does not stop the wages of any-
body , it does not block the wheels of Government,
but simply declares, that in the opinion of Con-
gress these prosecutions should be suspended.
Such is the design and effect of it. Why do gen-
tlemen oppose it ? Do they wish to execute their
prisoners—do they wish to add judicial murder to
the wrongs already committed, or do they want
to force us to vote for a measure which, while
just, is more radical in its character, and which
strikes at the very existence of this bill ? Such is
the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Dunn.] If they do, 1 for one shall take my
stand and vote for that ptoposition, and say that
no money shall be paid out of the Treasury of
the United States until the Missouri rcstrn tion
is restored. But if, on the other hand, gentlemen
are willing; to repair the most pressing wrongs
under which the people of Kansas are suffering,
let them vote for this amendment; and then we
can, when the rules of the House will allow,
provide other remedies. It is idle to say that the
Senate will not consent. Sir, we are the repre-
sentatives of the people, and can receive no law
but from them. If the Senate is willing to make
the^ issue with this House, that prosecution for
political offenses in Kansas shall not cease—if
they insist that law and justice should be per-
verted, and force and violence, under the cloak of
the judiciary, shall reign supreme in Kansas, let
them bear the responsibility. We will have dune
our duty, and will be sustained by those who
sent us here.
Mr. H.MARSHALL. I understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio now to offer substantially the
same proposition he offered a few moments'ago,
and to attempt to tack that on to this bill—the
substance of which proposition is a direction from
this legislative branch of the Government, that
the supplies of the Governmentshall depend upon
the entry of a nolle prosequi in the Territory of
Kansas against all political offenders in that Ter-
ntory. As a matter of course, it is attached to
the civil and legislative bill; and as it is radically
objectionable, the whole bill is made to depend
upon its adoption by the Senate; or, in other
words, I understand the gentleman, for his party,
to announce to the country, that he is willing thit
the wheels of the Government should be stopped
upon that proposition. I tell him, and I tell his
party, that if he is ready to carry out that, he will
find a party in this country ready to take the
issue. We have to take the issue, and we will
take the issue.
Gentlemen here attempt a new system of habeas
corpus. Who ever heard in a Government like
this, or in any other Government, of one branch
of the legislative department attempting, where
there is a separate coordinate department, to ex-
ercise the right of habeas corpus and jail delivery
through a general bill to supply money for the
support of the Government? What does the gen-
tleman and his party want? Is there not a bill
lying upon your table, sent to you from the
Senate, in regard to Kansas ? And there is the bill
which you yourselves have passed and sent to the
Senate. Both branches of the legislative depart-
ment of the Government have before them now
bills connected with Kansas. Why do you not
take up that Senate bill and considerit? Why is
it necessary to clog the wheels of Government—
why place obstacles in the way of its supplies with
such a proposition, in order to enable you to go
to the country, and arouse it with such pictures
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania and the gen-
tleman from Ohio have drawn, of conflagrations,
murders, and oppressions, which, if I understand
it, are simply in their own fancy?
But if these gentlemen desire that all the wheels
of Government shall be stopped, that its supplies
shall be cut. off, let them say that such is their
determination—let them offer the issue, and they
will meet -with no resistance, I dare say, upon
the other side of the Chamber.
Mr. DUNN. I move to amend the amon d
merit by striking out the last two lines of the
proposition. Gentlemen seem very much alarmed
at the idea of stopping supplies. Sir, the brightest
pages of Ameiican history were written in icgard
to matters which transpired, aw gentlemen will
know, when there were no supplies. TnsU ad of
money, pntiiotism moved the wheels of Govern-
ment then, and that is what I desire to see onee
more, if nothing else will right these wrongs. Then
statesmen subsisted themselves; and the armies
of liberty, barefooted and half clothed, fought tor
their country amid the snow and ice of a northern
winter. The hope of freedom was all their pay
then. The reality paid them afterwards.
Now, sir, I wish to say a word for the benefit
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mi.
Grow.] I had not an opportunity to reply to
his—it did not amount to a charge, but insinua-
tion, in his remarks, a while ago, to the effect
that I had held back at an opportune moment, in
regard to the troubles in Kansas.
Sir, the gentleman well knows that, in the first
week ofthe organized session,I referred to the com-
mittee of which he is the chairman, a bill which,
if it had been acted on theie, and, if he thought
it necessary, improved by the amendments which
that committee might have put to it, and had been
returned to this House, it might long since hove
been acted on here, and perhaps before this day
have brought healing on its wings. But the com-
mittee hesitated about it, and delayed. At every
step, from the commencement of the session until
now, whenever there was any possibility of aiding
the cause of freedom there, and of giving peace, to
Kansas and the whole country, I have steadily,
constantly, unshrinkingly, gone forwaid with my
humble efforts in that work. That romnHcte still
delayed. At last, the gentleman [Mr. Grow]
came in here, a few weeks ago, and oiTeied a bill
subversive of ail government; and he fulls my
resistance to that hill, " lagging at the opportune
moment." Mr. Chairman, I shall always lag
when it is proposed to overturn the Government
of my country, however plausible may seem the
proposition, or by whatever influence or auspices
such wickedness is ushered in or pressed tor-
ward. I proposed efficient means, going to the
extent of all these evils. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania came here with a patch-work at one
point and a patch at another point; and this ho
calls shutting out the wrongs of these Territories, j
and protecting our people there. Sir, it is such !
miserable protection as bad husbandry sometimes i
resorts to m a new country for protecting in- !
closures, by what is called a brush fence—a con- i
trivance which everybody, except the gentleman, !
has long known, instead of protecting the in- |
closure; in fact affords a shelter and a hiding- \
place for the most vicious class of trespassers.
Go to work at this matter in the proper way.
Take hold of the whole mischief, and stand
firmly together until you press the evil to the
wall and destroy it, and then erect such a high
and strong barrier that no future transgressions
can occur fiom any quarter.
The proposition which is such a child of love to
the gentleman, atthe best, but offers to a'handful
of men the privilege of being overthrown and
trodden under foot by lawless violence, as a
State, instead of subjecting them to such outrage
as a Territory. The people of Kansas want pro-
tection, not charters of government. They want
power—physical power—the power of numbers to
resist aggression; not sounding words about gov-
ernment and liberty, written on parchment, to
mock those who are overborne and reduced to
chains and slavery by violence and fraud. But I
have heretofore said all I desire about that prop-
osition. Let it pass; let even its memory perish,
for the credit of our institutions. I wish to re-
dress evils by approved modes. If there is unrea-
sonable oppression to redress, then I am for strong
modes.
But, sir, while the Treasury is pouring out its
floods over the country—while the money is going
to a light-house here and a harbor there, and to a
thousand other schemes—some, perhaps, of public
interest, others of private avarice—some of them,
possibly, schemes of naked plundering—all over
the land, I fear you can never end these evils, or
redress them. We arc wild with the greed of
gain. Cut off all supplies until gentlemen get
sober. Let there be no more patch-work in
regard to this matter. Let every evil stand and
cry aloud for vengeance upon itself, and upon all
its confederate enormities. Do not weaken the
public indignation by this halving process. Come
up to the r-mire evil. Hold the wheels of Govern-
ment still. Let them not turn an inch until the
mcchief is remedied. When the devil engineers, I
would stop the locomotive by depriving him of fuel.
All- GIIOW. 1 am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Indiana. When I
was up before, I replied to the same remarks
which the gentleman has made in charging that
all our schemes were patch-work. I referred to
the proposition which the Committee on Ter-
ritories brought into this House, which was no
patch-work, but was to give to the Territory of
Kansas a government of her own. I did not
charge the gentleman from Indiana with lagging,
or with any want of fidelity to the Territory. I
simply said that, when a proposition came here
winch was not patch-work,but was, in my judg-
j meut, the only effectual remedy for the wrongs
[ of Kansas, to give her a State government of her
1 own formation, and allow her to protect herself
! against invaders, and if notable to do it alone,
! she would then have authority under the Consti-
j tution to call on the President, and he could not
, then turn a deaf car to her appeals, the gentle-
man fiom Indiana opposed the bill, and was
unwilling to restore the Missouri compromise in
, that way. The gentleman from Indiana voted
I against the bill.
j ^ As to the bill which he had referred to the
| Committee on Tenitories, I desire to say.invin-
! dicauon of that committee, that his bill was con-
( sidered by the committee — by the majority as
! well as the minority. They desired fully to exam-
. me it. The committee had no opportunity to
, report that bill but once, after it was referred to
r, until thf week set apart for territorial business,
j And let me say to the gentleman, that a bill which
i was reported by the committee for relief of Kan-
, sas, the first time they were called was placed,
j upon the Calendar, and is likely to be there to the
; end of the session; and there his bill would have
i been, too, if it had been reported. And when I
proposed, during the territorial week, to report
the bill of the gentleman from Indiana, he said he
■ did not care to have it reported, if he could have
■ an opportunity to offer it as an amendment to the
Senate bill.
Mr. DUNN. Will the gentleman allow me 
Mr. GROW. Not now.
Mr. DUNN. The gentleman must not mis-
represent me if he declines interruption.
Mr. GROW. I am only correcting the gentle-
man's own misrepresentations.
Mr. DUNN. I have made no misrepresenta-
tion whatever, and must not be so charged. The
