1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
tobacco so destroyed; and to pay tbj? amount so
ascertained.
Mr. WADE. This bill has been twice passed
by the Senate; but it has never been passed by
the House in consequence, I suppose, of the fact
that they had no time to consider it. The cir-
cumstances can all be explained by the reading;
of the report, if any Senator desires that it shall
be read. , „
Mr. HUNTER. I ask if this is not a bill of
that character which should go to the Court of'
Claims? It has always been a much controverted
case, and it seems to me to be one of that class j
which is proper for judicial investigation. I sug-
gest, therefore, to the Senator from Ohio, that it
would be better that it should undergo the exam-
ination of the Court of Claims.
* Mr. WADE. If the claim should be referred
to the court, I imagine that they would say it
was not within the legal intendment of the law
of 1818, though it was'the unanimous opinion of
the Committee of Claims that it came within the
spirit of that enactment. I think that the Court
of Claims would probably dismiss it for want of
Jurisdiction, because it tlocs not come strictly
within the letter of the law. Tins was the opin-
ion of the committee, and for this reason we re-
ported the bill. There is a ebss of cases similar
to this; mid on a thorough investigation by the*
committee, we have this scsmou, for the thud
time I think, unanimously reported m their favor.
I a^ked for the consideration of the bill now, be-
cause a young gentleman from Maryland, a
stranger to me, desired me to call if up whenever
I saw a chance to do so. My opinion is that it
ought to be passed; and I suppose the Senate are
pretty well agreed on tiiat point.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 think the Court of Claims
lms taken jurisdiction of cases of tins chara. tor.
I behove it has taken jui isdiction of tin- Florida
claims, somewhat of the same natuie with this.
At any rate it would be better to try the court,
and ascertain whether it has jurisdiction or not.
It seems to me that it is a proper case for judicial
investigation.
Mr. STUART. What is the amount of the
claim P
Mr. WADE. T do not know. That is a ques-
tion to be ascertained by the Department. The
bill dirt cts the parties to go tJieiefor the ascer-
tainment of the amount on such evidence as will
be produced.
Mr. 01,AY. I desire to suggest that it would
perhaps bean act of discourtesy to the Senator
from Delawaie [Mr. 15 ward] to act on this bill
in his absence. According to my recollection,
whenever the bill has been brought before the
Senate hitherto, he has made a speech ngamst it,
and I think lie oui lit to have a hearing on this
occasion, as I think he is, pcilmps, the only gen-
tleman m the S'enote who is prepared to oppose
the bill by an argument on the facts and law of
the cose. I know that he has investigated the
question thoroughly; and I think lie will afford
the Senate some entertainment, perhaps instruc-
tion, if he be allowed to speak on it. I think it
ought to be deferred until he is present. With
that view, I suggest that it be postponed. I shall
not object to its being called up when he is pres-
ent; but 1 think he ought to be heard. He has
been uniformly combating all bills of this class,
and, for one, 1 desire to hear him on the subject.
Mr. WADE. 1 have no particular objection
to the postponement, though, at the same time, 1
desire, if that course be ngreeuMe to the Senate,
to have the bill passed now. I believe that simi-
lar bills have passed Congress heretofore, and
been finally adjusted at the Department, and this
is one of a class some of which have been allowed.
I think that equal justice to all requires that the
Senate should pass this bill. I know that the
Senator from Delawaie has combated tins class
of cases as often as they have been under con-
sideration, but I am not awnro that he has any
special intention to speak on this bill. If I had
supposed so I should not have called it up in his
absem e.
Mr. CLAY. I do not say that he has; I only
infer that he has from his uniform hostility to
these bills.
Mr. WADE. I suppose that if he were here
he would probably oppose it; but I submit the
question to tht# Senate; I think the bill ought to
be passed.
Mr. ADAMS. I have an indistinct recollec- 1
tion of this bill having been before the Commit- i
tee on Claims when I had the honor of being a
member of that committee; and, if I am right in
my understanding, it does not come within that
class of cases properly subject to the jurisdiction
of the Court of Claims. According to my impres-
sion of the facts of this case, it is a claim which
depends on the equity of the Government, which
can only ^>e exercised by Congress. It is such
an equitable claim on the. Government for indem-
nity as committees and this body have repeat- j
edly sanctioned heretofore.
I am in favor of submitting everything to the
Court of Claims which properly belongs to it; but
I do not think it is proper for the Senate to refer
cases to that tribunal. I believe that we are falling
into an improper habit in that respect. 1 think
that, whenever a case comes before the Senate
where thatcourthasjuiisdiction, we should refuse
to act on it, and then we should permit the party
to withdraw his claim and carry it there himself,
in place of referring it to a committee, and letting
them report a resolution to commit the subject to
the Court of Claims. This case, according to my
recollection of it, is of such a nature that the court
could not take jurisdiction of it. The bill has
been passed tune aiul again in this body; and I
believe it ought to be passed. 1 am not in the
habit of supporting claims, but I think this is a
just claim, and that it ought to be passed at once,
so as to have a chance of being acted oil by the
House of Representatives.
Air. WADE. This bill failed Inst year, un-
doubtedly because there was another bill of a
somewhat similar character attached to it. Thar
was done in opposition to the wishes of those
who are interested in this bill.
Mr. BIGGS. As I have not had the benefit of
any discussion on the principle involved in this
biU,andas 1 understand that it has been discussed
considerably, and would probably in; debated
a^ain if tin- Senator from Delaware were m his
seat, I should like very much indeed to und'M-
! s!and more about if. Therefore, and for the fur-
| ther reason that it is not usual to take up private
; claims except on particular days, and we gener-
j ally assign Fnday for that purpose, I move that
the further consideration of this bill be postponed
until Friday next.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, April 29, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Deant, Chaplain of the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting,
in compliance with a'resolution of the House,
copies of advertisements for proposals for material
for the Treasury extension, and the contracts for
the same, with other information called for; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, and ordered to be printed. !
CLEVELAND CUSTOM-HOUSE. I
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the following resolution, i
introduced yesterday under a suspension of the
rules, by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Wade:] i
Resolved. That the Committee of tlie Whole on the state
of the Union bo dischanjed from the fuithui ••oiiviilerauon ■
of the jomt resolution of the Uou>e, No. 1*2, and that the \
IIoihc do now pioceed to consider the same. ;
The joint resolution is for enlarging the custom-
house, and post office, and court-house at Cleve-
land, Ohio.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does not the res- j
olution of the gentleman from Ohio, having come j
in under a suspension of the rules, ^o over until 1
the next day, when motions to suspend the rules !
are in order?
The SPEAKER. If a motion to suspend the
rules had been pending at the adjournment yes-
terday, then the resolution would have gone over ;
until next Monday; but the rules have been sus- :
pended by the order of the House for the pur- j
pose of considering the resolution. In the opin- j
ion of the Chair, the resolution is now the imme- j
diate subject for the action of the House. i
Mr. WADE. I insist on the regular order of
business.
Mr. BROOM. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to make a report from the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. BROOM. I only want the committee to
be discharged.,from the further consideration of
some papers, and that they be referred to an ap-
propriate committee.
Mr. WADE. I insist on the regular order of
business, and demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the resolution, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to bo
upon ordering the joint resolution to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit this ques-
tion of order. The rules require that every bill
making an appropriation shall have its first con-
sideration in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The rules were suspended
m- rely to enable the gentleman from Ohio to offer
the resolution to. discharge the committee from
the further consideration of this joint resolution.
You have now the resolution before the House;
and, as I construe the rule, it will require a sus-
pension of the rules to get clear oftheiule which
lequnvs all appropriation biljs to be first consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will see,by
referring to the resolution itself, that it orders the
consideration of the bill at this time.
M i*. JONES. The suspension of the rules was
nvnejy to enable the gentleman from Ohio to sub-
mit the resolution, It was not a suspension of
the rules to enable the House to consider the joint
lesoinuon now.
The SPEAKER. The rules were suspended
in ord"r to give the gentleman from Ohio an op-
portunity to introduce the resolution. The reso-
lution h;is been adopted at the session this morn-
ing, by almost a unanimous vote.
Mr. JONES. There was no division on the
motion called, and it requires two thirds to sus-
pend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the order of the House being taken by almost
unanimous consent tins morning, that the resolu-
tion be now considered, it is the proper subject of
consideration by the House at this time.
Mr. WADE. I demand the previous question
upon ordering the joint resolution to be engrossed,
and read a third time.
Mr. WALKER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, if there is a recommendation
font from the proper Department?
Mr. WADE. There is; and 1 ask that it may
be read.
The letter of the Secretary of the Treasury
was read, as follows:
Treasury Department, April 7, 1856.
Sir: In compliance with a resolution of the Iioucc of
fiepresemativcv, passed April 4, 18.">6, kk that the Secretary
of the Ttea^ury r^poit to this Hou^e whether, in his opin-
ion, the budding to be erected at Cleveland, in the State of
Ohio, as provided by law* at the second se.-^ion of the
Thirtv-Third Conines, for the purposes of a custom-house,
post elfiee, and court-house, will be sufficient toi the pur-
poses aioie-a:d ; and if not, whataddmons to the same will
be required by tiie pubhe convenience, and what will be the
increased expense of such additions." 1 have the honor to
state that Uih Drpaitment is of the opinion that the Cleve-
land custom-house i? seaicely Jar«c enough to meet the re-
quirements of the lm>nte«« to he provided for. <vp*>eially
that of the post office; and that an enlargement of the build-
ing will he necessary. This Department believes that an
addition of twelve and a half feet to each f-nd of the budd-
ing authouzed,. making the same one hnndied and ten feet
long by MXtv teet wide, would be adequate to the public
want5;. To butkl such an addition h> the building, would
require an additional appiopu.uion ot .^30,0uU} with ten per
cent, thereon for eontiugcncn?*.
Very rcspectiully. vour obedient -e? rant,
JAMJIS GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
The previous question was seconded, and the
nuun question ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed nnd read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was subsequently read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed, and to lay the motion to reconsider
