1930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
has been carried to such an extent as to array-
neighbor against neighbor in deadly strife, and
has found its way to the courts of justice.
The charges against the petitioners grow out
of transactions connected with this embittered
condition of the body politic. They state that
the day for their trial is assigned to be the second
Monday of September, the place, Lecompton;
that they have reason to apprehend that an im-
partial trial, such as the Constitution of the
United States guaranties to every citizen cannot be
given to them there; that they believe the judges
of the several territorial courts have prejudged
their cause, and that a packed jury will he em-
paneled to decide on the facts.
The petitioners do not state what, however,
we all know, that the punishment of the crime of
treason is death! The petitioners state that it
appears that Congress has neglected to make
provision for reaching them by writ of habeas
corpus from the Supreme Court of the United
States, and for bringing up the indictment and
record by a certiorari, and for cause shown, re-
manding the prisoners for trial to some one of the
supreme courts of the United States, where polit-
ical prejudices will not influence the opinions of
the courts and jurors; that these celebrated writs
are allowed to all persons, citizens of the United
States, who chance to be residents within the
several States; but that the residents of this Ter-
ritory are deprived of this protection from judicial
outrage.
They therefore pray Congress that a law may
be immediately passed, by which the writ of
habeas corpus and certiorari may issue to any per-
son holding another in custody for any cause in
any one of the Territories, from any one ftf the
judges of the Supreme Couri of the United States,
with power in the said judges to inquire into the
cause of the commitment or detention of said
peisons, and the same to bail or recommit them
as justice and law may demand, and that the
writ of certiorari may be allowed to any court
authorized in such Territories by Federal author- '
ity, with the right m such supreme judge to
change the venue, for good cause to be shown,
and supported by affidavits, and in the Supreme
Court of the United States, where a fair and
impartial trial agreeably to law can be had.
It is my desire that the petition may be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary; and I bog to ask
their attention to it at as eaily a day as possible.
In the first placc, because the time assigned for the
trial is near at hand; in the next place, because
the nature of the ease is such as to require the
earliest and profound consideration. These trials
arise out of a contest of political opinions between
citizens of the United Stales, between parties ni
the United States, which divides the people of the
United States, and which divides the J Eous-'s of
Congress and the Departments of the Govern-
ment. On the one side is found the President,
and on the other side is found the House of Rep-
resentatives. I beg to call the attention of the
Senate of the United States to the fact, that polit-
ical trials are almost unknown in this country—
that the employment of the judiciary to settle and
establish political principles or policies is a resort
that has never been made with success and with
good results to the peace and harmony of society
in any free country m the world. If you refer a
thing 
Mr. WELLER. I objcct to the discussion of
this question now. It is out of order. I have
some reports to make, and 1 know other.Senators
have. We do not wish the whole of the morning
hour consumed with a discussion on this question
now.
Mr. SEWARD. I have but a word or two
now to add. I hope the honoiable Senator will
allow me a few words more.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order to discuss the merits of a question on the
presentation of a memorial.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to close what I have to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from California object?
Mr. WELLER. If the Senate is disposed to
go on with this discussion, I shall not make ob-
jection.
pro tempore. It is against
the ~4th rule, which provides that a Senator pre-
senting a memorial may briefly state its contents, i
Mr. SEWARD. To enforce the prayer of a
petition is generally allowed, and I do not pro-
pose to abuse the privilege. I beg to refer the
committee to the fact that political convictions
and judgments of attainder, however obtained,
and however popular when obtained, are always
subsequently reversed, and it is a singular judg-
ment of this class that does not escape Being
affirmed or reversed several times. This has
been the experience of England; it has been the
experience even of this country. With these re-
marks, I submit the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The petition
will be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. HOUSTON, it was
Ordered, That Edward D. Tippett have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. M ALLORY,from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
238) granting a pension to Ansel Wilkinson, re-
ported it with an amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Maurice K. Simons, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill (S*. No. 429) for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Margaret Davis, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
430) granting a pension to Margaret Davis,
widow of George Davis, a sailing-master in the
United States Navy, deceased; which was read,
and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 423) for the relief
of Katherine M. Hamer, widow of the late Gen-
eral Thomas L. Hamer, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
416) to provide for the settlement and payment of
thecxpensesincurred in the suppression of Indian
hostilities in the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the memorial of Samuel W. Owen,
executor of William H. Owen, the petition of
S. D. Sturgis, the petition of Ann E. T. Partridge,
and the paper signed by R. H. Clulton, of the
United States Army, in relation to extra pay, and
the troops at Fort Kearney, reported that the
committee be discharged from the further consid-
eration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, who were instructed by a resolution of the
Senate to inquire into the expediency of purchas-
ing, for the use of the Government, the copyright
of the great circle protractor, invented by Pro-
fessor Chauvenet, submitted a report; which was
ordeied to be printed.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of John Ferguson, reported a bill (S.No.
431) for the relief of John Ferguson and others;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
BOUNDARY OF OREGON.
The bill (H. R. No. 73) to provide for carry-
ing into effect the first article of the treaty between
the United States and Her Majesty the Queen of
the United Kingdom of Great Riitain and Ireland
of the I5th day of June, 1846, was read twice by
its title.
Mr. MASON. A copy of that bill was re-
ported by the Committee on Foreign Relations
of the Senate some weeks ago, accompanied by
a report setting forth the necessity of its passage.
The bill which now comes from the House "of
Representatives is the exact b ll which was re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Relations
of the Senate, and there is an immediate neces-
sity for its being acted upon. Its provisions are
very biief, and they are altogether of general
interest; and I ask the Senate, therefore, to be
good enough to consider it at once, and allow it
to be passed.
The Senate, byunanimous consent,proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill, which provides for the appointment, by the
President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, of a commis-
sioner, and chief astronomer and surveyor, to
unite with similar officers to be appointed by her
Britannic Majesty's Government. The said com-
missioner is to have power to appoint a secre-
tary; and the chief astronomer and surveyor is
to have power to appoint a clerk.
The bill provides appropriations for salaries for
one year, viz: The commissioner, $3,000; the
secretary, $1,500; the chief astronomer and sur-
veyor, $3,000; the clerk $1,200; and an appro-
priation of $60,000 is made for provisions, trans-
portation, and contingencies.
The proceedings of the commission are to be
limited to the demarkationof thatpartof the line
of boundary which begins at the intersection of
the forty-ninth parallel of north latitude with the
middle of the channel which separates the conti-
nent from Vancouver's Island, and thence south-
erly, through the middle of the channel and of
Fuca's straits, to the Pacific ocean.
The President is to bo authorized, in his dis-
cretion, to direct the employment of such officers,
assistants, and vessels, attached to the coast sur-
vey of the United States, as he may deem neces-
sary or useful, for the purpose of aiding in the
demarkation of the line.
Mr. MASON. The treaty of Oregon, as it is
usually called, provided that the boundary be-
tween the United States and Great Britain should
thereafter consist of a line extending the forty-
ninth parallel of latitude from the point where it
previously terminated as the boundary line be-
tween the two countries, until it intersected the
channel which separated the main land from
Vancouver's Island, and then should pursue the
middle of that channel southerly and through the
Straits of Fuca to the Pacific ocean. By a late
communication from the Secretary of State it
appears that the Territory of Washington, in
laying out its counties, had extended one of its
counties into and through the Straits of Fuca,
and that collisions had actually arisen between
the British authorities and the authorities of the
Territory of Washington as to a certain island
that is found in those straits. The sheriff of
Washington county, in levying the taxes for the
county, had gone on the island and levied on cer-
tain property there which-belonged to the British
Hudson's Bay Company; and claims of reclama-
tion have been made on the Government for it.
A correspondence ensued between the two Gov-
ernments, in the colirse of which it was strongly
pressed upon us, and properly pressed, by the
British Government, to have the boundary line
run. It will require some time and require per-
haps a very scientific corps to run this parallel of
latitude from its former terminus, where it pre-
viously constituted the boundary between the
two Governments, to the Straits of Fuca. This
bill proposes simply that the line now to be run
shall be a water line thiough the Straits of Fuca
in oider to determine the territorial rights of the
two countries m those straits. The commission
is a very simple and a very limited one, consist-
ing of a commissioner, an astronomer and sur-
veyor, with a secretary and clerk, with authority
for the President to employ such portion of the
coast survey as may be on that coast to aid in
carrying it out.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PRESIDENCY OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. BUTLER. Some weeks ago the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] submitted to
the Senate a resolution, which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, in relation to the
persons to act as President and Vice President m
certain contingencies. I do not propose to make
any remarks on the introduction of the report on
that subject from the Committee on the Judiciary;
but I ask that my friend from Ohio [Mr. Pugh]
may be allowed to read it, as it is one which has
attracted some attention. I would not take up
the time of the Senate, but erroneous impressions
have been created in the newspapers on this sub-
ject. Perhaps by reading the report it may be
understood by those who wish to hear it.
Mr. PUGH read the report at length. It
is accompanied by a bill supplementary to the
