1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
821
34th Cong....1st Sess.
JSaval Retiring Board—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
Mr. President, I was one of those who voted
for the law to promote the efficiency of the Navy.
I acted, as I thought, understandingly, in voting
for it, and I have never seen a day since I gave
that rote when I regretted having given it. It
was a vote given by me on high considerations of
State policy. I had heard for twenty years com-
plaints of incompetency or inefficiency among the
officers of the Navy. Above all other things,
the charge of intemperance, gross intemperance,
was alleged against, & portion of them. I heard
these charges so often, that I supposed, at last,
there did not exist a man in the Republic who
would venture to deny them. I saw that each
and every succeeding Secretary of the Navy pro-
claimed the necessity of reform, either directly or
indirectly, during the last twenty years. Every
head of the Navy Department, for many years
past, told us it was indispensable that there should
be a retired list. I adopted the opinion of other
men. I was of this opinion when the Secretary
of the Navy, during the administration of Presi-
dent Taylor, presented the question for decision
before the members of his Cabinet, and that Cab-
inet agreed with other Cabinets, that such a re-
tired list should be provided. I think I cannot be
mistaken when I say that this opinion, which I
now proclaim to have been the opinion of other
Secretaries of the Navy, was that of my distin-
guished friend from North Carolina, (Mr. Bad-
ger,) when he presided over the Navy Depart-
ment, and who I am glad to see this day in the
Chamber among us. It was the opinion of every
Secretary of the Navy for the last twenty years.
"With these views, with these high authorities
to sustain me, with this general testimony to sup-
port me, I thought I ought to vote for the bill to
provide for a retired list. The bill was considered
and reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs
of this body, a committee in which I have great
confidence. At the time of its passage, perhaps
within an hour before the bill was passed, a de-
bate sprung up upon this floor between my hon-
orable colleague [Mr. Bayard] and myself, he on
the one side of the question and I on the other—■
he attacking the bill and I supporting it. He
attacked the bill because the investigation of the
board was to be secret. I defended it on the very
ground that it ought to be secret. Yet I have been
told lately by others that this is a new thing; that
the board have abused their power because they
did not make a public investigation. It was as-
sumed by my colleague, as I thought at the time
very properly, that the inquisition would be secret.
I said, by analogy to other bodies of men existing
in this Government, in relation to the subject of :
removals and exercising power over that subject, :
this board ought to decide in secret. I pointed
out the secrecy of the executive sessions of the
Senate. Removals from office are communicated
to the Senate, and the names of those who are
appointed to succeed officers removed are com-
municated for confirmation to the Senate. In this
body we discuss every week, sometimes for days
together, questions of this character. Do we
keep records of those discussions, or of the evi-
dence on which we decide ? Do we give the par-
ties a trial ? Sir, I have known hundreds, perhaps
I might say thousands, whose characters have
been discussed or considered, withouttheir having
had the most remote idea that such a subject was
before the body. "Who ever heard that we were
bound to keep a record of the accusations made
■gainst persons nominated to us for confirmation?
Take another case to illustrate what I said at
the time of the passage of the law, and what I
•ay now. The officers at the head of the execu-
tive Departments are constantly consulted by the
President with regard to the appointment and
removal of officers. Who ever pretends, now, that
a Cabinet or President is bound to give notice to
a party about to be removed of the causes of his
removal ? Who ever heard that they were bound
to give him a trial, or keep a record of everything
that was said for and against him ?
It was eloquently urged, in the celebrated debate
on Mr. Foot's resolution in 1$30, that removals
of civil officers without good cause, and without
trial, was repugnant to the principles of civil lib-
erty and to common justice. But I say the party
then in power established the principle that no
redress for the abuse existed; ana, therefore, I am
New Series—No. 21
surprised that so many men, attached to the same
party, now should seek to overturn their own
party's decision, and establish, in the case of those
naval officers who have been dropped or retired
by the advice of their brother officers, a privileged
class of office-holders, hereafter to be exempt
from control by the removal by the President,
while all other except judicial officers are subject
to it.
I grant that to a man who has not been ac-
quainted at all with the principles on which this
Government has been actually administered since
its origin, it may seem that there is something
monstrous, something grossly tyrannical in re-
moving a man from office without notifying him,
without giving him an opportunity to summon
witnesses in his defense, and without keeping any
record whatever; but, strangely as it may sound
in the eara of a novice who is not acquainted,
practically—with the administration of our Gov-
ernment, I say it is not strange to any man who
has had any considerable experience in public
life; but that men who have had any such expe-
rience should proclaim on this floor the doctrine
against which I am contending, is to me not less
surprising.
Now, sir, let me go a little further to illustrate
this matter by reference to history. I think it
was about the hear 1833, when the deposits were
.removed from the Bank of the United States, and
William Duane, the Secretary of the Treasury,
was turned outof his office by President Jackson
without trial—without previous notice—without
record—without summoning any witnesses. It
has been universally understood that the reason
for his removal was this: The President had com-
manded him to remove the public deposits from
the Bank of the United States; he refused to do it.
The President turned him out of office, and put
another man in his place who would remove
them. . On that occasion the Senate of the United
States adopted resolutions which will be remem-
bered by all who have read the history of the
country, denouncingthe exercise of this power as
in derogation of the law and of the Constitution.
These resolutions were leveled, not merely at
the removal of the deposits, but at all the pro-
ceedings connected with it, and particularly at the
removal of Mr. Duane from office. The Legis-
lature of Virginia responded in support of the
President, fully sustaining him, and urging the
expunging from the Journals of the Senate, and
drawing black lines around the resolutions of the
Senate on this subject. I refer to this fact because
the Legislature of Virginia seems now to have
taken exactly the opposite ground. Now, when
men are removed from the Navy, the Legislature
of Virginia tell us that the principles of civil lib-
erty are violated—that the guarantees of judicial
fairness and impartiality are disregarded! Tem-
pore mtUantur.
Sir, in the estimation of gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber, and on this side also, the
character of Thomas Jefferson, as an apostle of
liberty, and as a sound expositor of constitutional
law, stands high. Let us see how he understood
this subject. In the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs I find a reference to a law passed
on the 3d of March, 1801, having, like this, for
its object the discharge of officers from the Navy.
I will read what the committee say on the subject,
because they have condensed what I wish to say
in a very few words:
" Previous to 1801 no legislation limiMd the number of
officers ia the several grades of the Navy; but, by the aet
of March 3 of that year, the President was directed to
' retain in the naval service nine captains, thirty-six lieu-
tenants, and one hundred and fifty midshipmenand he
was ' authorized ta discharge all the other officers in the
Navyand it provided for four months' extra pay to all
who might thus be 'discharged.'
" The grade of captain then consisted of twenty-eight,
and the delicate doty of scrutinizing the corps, and dis-
charging those least worthy of being retained, devolved upon
Mr. Jefferson. Some discrepancy between the limit of the
law and the actien of the Executive seems to have existed,
for we can leam of but sixteen who were thus discharged,
instead of eighteen, as contemplated by the law. But these
sixteen, embracing some most worthy and gallant men—
Stephen Decatur the elder, and Silas Talbott, among tfiem
—were discharged without a ' hearing,' a ' trial,' or a ' de-
feme.'"
Here, then, was a case in which President
Jefferson retired a large portion of the Navy at
that day, and no man can point out a substantial
distinction between that case and this, whatever
ingenuity lie may possess. Here was a case in
which this great expositor of the Constitution, so
acceptable to gentlemen on both sides of the
House—in many particulars certainly—decided
that a trial, a defense,and a hearing, were not due
to a naval officer before he was removed from the
service. I hope the Legislature of Virginia will
take thio precedent into consideration, and ex-
plain to us how their modern principles accord*
with those of the author of the doctrines and res-
olutions of 1798.
Mr. President, I said that I voted for this law,
that myjudgment, approved it at the time and does
now. I intend to stand by it. If there were to
be ten thousand times as much popular clamor
as interested parties have endeavored to excite
against it in this country, I would not move
the thousandth part of an inch to satisfy or
silence the authors of the clamor. I feel and
know that the ground on which I stand in sus-
taining the law is a righteous one, and I will not
be driven from it by excitement whether felt or
feigned in any quarter. Convince my judgment
and you shall get my vote, but not till then.
There are honorable gentlemen here who voted
for the law as I did, and who, since that vote was
given, have denounced it in the most extraordi-
nary language asa wicked, monstrous, and tyran-
nical act, which ought never to have been passed.
Indeed, sir, the whole vocabulary of abuse ap-
pears to have been exhausted by them on this
law. They tell us they voted for the law but did
not understand it. Some of these gentlemen have
assailed the members of the naval board with Un-
exampled violence, attacking their private char-
acters and assailing their motives as well as their
decisions. They have also attacked the Secretary
of the Navy for obeying their will. They have
even attacked the President of the United States
for carrying out the law enacted by themselves.
Sir, whenever I vote for a law and afterwards find
that it is wrong, and that I supported it without
understanding it, I will acknowledge my own
error, but I will never condemn those who have
obeyed my order and the order of other men who
have voted as I did, merely on the plea that I did
not understand it. It is the duty of a Senator to
understand his votes; and if he does not, he is
the last man who has a light to stand up and
abqse other men for obeying the law for which he
voted.
I put it to the people of the country, who have
heard such denunciations on this floor from many
quarters of the Senate Chamber, will they sustain
this outrage on all justice, that men elevated to
the high, position of Senators shall be privileged
to assail the private characters of members of the
naval board, and abuse the executive officers for
obeying their own express will, contained in the
law which they themselves have enacted? It
seems that we have different sentiments of justice.
Our political ethics vary very much. I have
charity for other men, "but I confess I would
rather lose this good right arm than be found
condemning and assailing the character of an-
other man for obeying my decrees, or acting faith-
fully as the instrument of my own will.
Mr. President, two weeks ago I announced my
determination to the Senate, to reply to the hon-
orable Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston.] He
indulged himself in some three or four hours of
debate here against the naval board, against the
Secretary of the Navy and the President. Many
remarks which fell from the honorable Senator
were replied to promptly, as soon as he concluded,
by .my honorable friend and colleague, [Mr.
Bayard,] by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] and by the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Mallort.]
They sustained the board triumphantly. One offi-
cer, Captain Du Pont, who was attacked perhaps
with more virulence than any other member of
the naval board, was defended by my colleague
so ably and fully, that he was lifted beyond the
reach of any vindication to which my humble
efforts could aspire. I have not risen to-day for
the purpose of defending Captain Du Pont. On
a former occasion, impelled by a sense of justice,
I defended this officer in the presence of the Sen-
ate, and some of the positions which I assumed
on that occasion have been assailed by the Sen-
