' -• / }- *'i-
1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
The CLERK. Andjilso whether the gentleman
is in order in occupying the floor after he has
been declared out of order?
Mr. McMULLIN. I asked the Clerk whether
it was competent for me to dobate the question-,
and the Clerk said that it was not.
The CLERK. The Clerk stated that, under
the circumstances, it was not in order to debate
the motion to adjourn over.
Mr. McMULLIN, I have a right to appeal
from that decision, but I will not avail myself of
that privilege. I beg gentlemen to "understand
that it is not my purpose to trespass upon the
House. I know too well what is due to myself
to do so, I shall waive my right to appeal from
the decision of the Clerk, and content myself
with the motion to adjourn over until the day
after to-morrow.
The CLERK. Then does the gentleman from
Maryland withdraw his point of order?
Mi*. HARRIS. Oh, ccrtainly.
The question was taken on I\lr. McMullin's
motion; and it was disagreed to. £
Mr. BARKSDALE., I now insist on my
motion to lay the.whole subject upon the table;
and on that 1 call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
bow adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN;, of Maine. I- call for tellers
p on that motioq.
The CLERK appointed Messrs. Eustis and
Bingham to act as tellers.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 46, noes 94.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Mississippi
nioves to lay the whole subject upon the table.
>' Mr. FLQRENCE. Upon that motion Idcmand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. That motion, I understand,
carries with the original resolution everything
connected with it?
The CLERK. It docs.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Does it carry with it
to the table the proposition of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mrs Trippe?]
The CLERIC. It does.
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative—yeas 84, nays 132; as follows:
YEAS—5(ljessrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Bur-
nett, Cadwalacl^r, John P. Campbell, Lewis 3-). Campbell,
Caruthers, Caskie, Howell Gobi), Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Qox, Ciawford, Davidson, II. Winter Davis, Dowdell,
3D una, Edmumlson, Elliott, English, Etheudge, Eusti ,
Evans, Floience, Foster, Thomas J. 1). Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas
L. Harris,'Harrison, Haven, Ueibert, Hoffman, Houston,
Jewett,Geoige W.Jones, J. Glancy Jone*, Kid well, Letch-
er, Lumpkin, Humphrey Mar:-h«il,l Samuel S. itfar-dtall,
Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Million,
Moore, Mordecni Oliver, On, Perk, Phelps, Powell, (luif-
man, Richardson, Itufim, Rust, San did 2:0, Sava**', Scott,
iSlioiter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, .Stephens, Stew-
ait, Taibott, Vailr Walker, Warner, Watkms, Well.-*, Wm<--
low,Daniel B. Wright, JohnV. Wright, and Zolheoiler—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Baibour,
Btuelay, Henry Bennett, Ben>on, 13ilhnghur>t, Bingham,
Bishop, Bliss, Brad^haw, BrentQn, Broom, Buffingron, Bur-
liDgaine, James II, Campbell, Carlde, Chaffee, Bayard
Clark, Ezra Clark, Claw&on, Ciingman, Colfax, Coming,
Covodc, Ciagin, Cullen, Cumbuek, Darnrell, Timothy
Davis, Dav, Dean, Denver, De Witt, Dick, Dickson,Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Gid-
dings,Gilbert, Graugei, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, llutlan, J.
Morrison Harris, Hickman, Holloway, Thonias R. Ilorton,
Howard, Kelly, Kelsey, Kcnnett, King, Knapp, Knight,
KnowJton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Leiter, Lmdley, Mace,
Alexander K. Marshall, Matteson, MeCartv, JMeaoham,
Kdlian Miller, Milhvaid, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Panic, Parker, Peaiee,
Pelton, Peiry, Pettit, Pike, Portei, Pringle, Purviance, Pui-
year, Iteade, Ready, Rieaud, Ritchie, Rivera, Rohbms. Rob-
erts, Sabin, Sas^e, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Smmahan,Tappan, Thor-
inyton,Thurston, Todd, Trat'ton,Trippe, Trumbull, Tyson,
Underwood, Valk, Wade. Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwala-
der 0. Washbutne, ESliJiu B. Wasiiburnc, Isiaql Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams,
Wpod, Woodruff and Wood worth—132.
Pending the vote,
Mr. HERBERT (when his name was called)
said: Although I am anxious to see this House
organized, yet as long as there remains a hope of
electing a national man, and believing that propo-
sitions have been made to-day better calculated to
bring about this desirable result than has ever
been done before, I can never support, cither
directly or indirectly, any proposition calculated
to place in that chair Mr. Banks, or any other
sectional man.
Mr. JEWETT (when his name was called)
said: Before I vote I wish to make a statement
to the House. The same reason which induced
me to change my vote on a former ballot con-
trols me now and will continue to d:o so until
my Democratic friends shall manifest a willing-
ness to test the sense of the House upon the
resolution proposed to be offered by my friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher.]
Mr. SNEED (when his name was called) said:
I regard this as a distinct proposition, presenting
the alternative of electing cither Mr. Smith, of
Virginia, or Mr. Ra^kr, of Massachusetts. I
therefore vote no, and for William Smith, of
Virginia.
Mr. WALKER (when his name was called)
said: Understanding, Mr. Clerk, that, in the event
that this motion to lay upon the table prevails,
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] will
offer tl* proposition of which he has given no-
tice, ilra substitute for the original motion; and
knowing, also, if this motion prevail, my friend
from Georgia [Mr. Trippe] can, in a new shape,
propose his substitute, I shall now vote in the
affirmative.
The result of the vote was here announced, as
above recorded.
Mr. DOWDELL. I desire to offer an amend-
ment, by way of a substitute, to the amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia.
The CLERK An amendment is not in order,
as the previous question, moved by the gentle-
man from Georgia, is now pending.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not rise for
the purpose of making a speech, as I do not like
to violate the rules of order, but to move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS. X would suggest that the
main question should be ordered before we ad-
journ, and then the subject will come up as the
first business in the morning. \
The CLERK. By common consent such an
arrangement can be made.
Mr. FLOUEiSrOE. I cannot consent.
Several Members. Nor I either.
Mr. MATTESON. Nothing is consented to.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and the Clerk announced that it was de-
cided in the negative; whereupon,
Mr. BROOKS demanded tellers on the motion.
Tellers were orduied; and Messrs. Savage and
Purviance were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes G9, noes 96.
So the House refused to adjourn*
The CLERK. The question now recurs,
"Shall the main question lie now put?"
Mr. McMullen, i desire to say a word,
by way of personal explanation, in regard to an
occurrence which took place a short time since,
between the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. J.
Morrison Harris] and myself. I rose at that
time to request the gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Trippe] to withdraw the name ot' my colleague,
[Mr. Smith, of Virginia,] in order to give that
gentleman an opportunity to be heard to-morrow
morning. That request was refused. A number
of Black Republicans called me to order, and
bciilg constitutionally of an excitable tempera-
ment, I became too much excited. I frankly
admit the fact. The gentleman fiom Maryland,
[Mr. Harris,] notimending anything personally
offensive to me, as 1 am satisfied from the char-
acter of his remarks, raised a point of order upon
me. I was rather hasty and rude to that gentle-
man in the remarks I made to him. When I
think I have done a gentleman injustice, I am the
first man to place myself right 111 his estimation,
and m the estimation of the House, nnd 1 make
these remarks for that purpose. [Cries of'"Right!"
and "Good!"]
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am perfectly
satisfied, of course, with the explanation which
the gentleman from Virginia has made, although
I do not myself think it was necessary, under the
circumstances, that he should have gone to the
gentlemanly extent which he has in explaining
this matter. I can only say, so far as I am con-
cerned, that, at the time I interrupted the gentle-
man, I had no intention whatever of being dis-
courteous to him in any degree. The only object
I had in view was to prevent what seemed to me
a possible impending scene of disorder, and to
sftetain you, Mr. Clerk, in the performance of
the duties which you have so wel-1 discharged! up
to this- time. That was my simple object.
then ordered to fef
The main question was ti
put.
Mr- JONES, of Tennessee.
> be-BO<w
.1,-flash to tote
understanding^. A s I understand Ajgpssit-ioa of
matters now before the House, the fesi question
is upon the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Trippe.] If
be substituted for the resolution of the gentleiriafl
from Tennessee, (the plurality rule,) then the
House is brought to a direct- vote upon- the reso-
lution as amended.
The CLERK. That is as the Clerk understand®
it.
The 3*eas and nays were then ordered upon the
adoption of the substitute offered by Mr. Trippe-.
The Clerk then commenced the call of the- roll,
and a response was heard.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it nowin otder
to say anything ?
The CLERIC. No debate is in. order.,
Mr. CADWALADER. I move that the gen-
tleman from Virginia have unanimous consent ta
proceed.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope that my colleague
will be heard.
The CLERK, if there be no objection, the
gentleman from Virginia will proceed.
Several members objected, and much,confusion
ensued.
Mr. SMITH. I do not propose to make iyijj
extended remarks; what I, propose-to say 1 can.say
in just one- minute, if the House will hear me.
Mr. BARCLAY. I propose that the-gentle'
man from Virginia bo allowed ten minutes.
Mr. TODD. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then go on with the call
of the roll. I insist that the call,shall proceed..
Mr. SMITH. Who objects?
The CLERK. The gentleman-from.Pennsyl-;
vania, [Mr. Todd.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn, and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. TODD. Twill withdraw my objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I will withdraw my
motion to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH. I am very much obliged to the
gentleman. I promise that I willmot detain the
House more than a minute. Mr. Clerk and gen-
tlemen of the House, it is not my purpose-now
to go into the discussion of this subject-a-t large.
I ask thi> gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Trippe.]
who has complimented me by the proposition he
has made, to withdraw his resolution for the
present; and I then ask the House to adjourn,
for the purpose of^allowmg me an opportunity of:
revising my thoughts and arranging them, so that
I may present them in a shape that will be under-
stood, and my position appreciated, by the House.
It is not to be expccted that upon the moment,
with the matter thus suddenly sprung upon me,
I could be able to arrange, in a methodical man-
ner, my thoughts; it is not to be expected that I
should be able to classify them in form, to be
presented with that force and perspicuity which
the occasion requires. I now ask the indulgence
of the House to adjourn, and give me this oppor-
tunity of making preparation for the remarks I
desire to submit.
Mr. LAKE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. SMITH. I will make the motion myself.
I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHB(JUNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. The call of the roll had com-
menced, and there had been a response. The
motion to adjourn is not, therefore, in order.
The CLERK. The point of the gentleman
from Illinois is well taken. A response has been
heard. [Cries of " Call the roll "Goon with
the call !"1
Mr. SMITH If the House insist upon my
going on now, I shall ask that they will give me
more than ten minutes. Besides, sir, there are
some papers that I desire to refer to which I have
not before me, and cannot immediately obtain.
It is now half-past three o'clock, and I'hope the
House will indulge me with an adjournment.
[Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. CADWALADER. I think the motion to
adjourn is in order. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia rose before the call of the roll commenced.
