329
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 81,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
ator from Texas. It ia, therefore, due from me
that I reply to what he has said. Further, it ia
due from me, as & just man, that I should not
permit undue censure to be visited by him on
other officers of the naval board who, although
they are not citizens of Delaware, and I am not,
therefore, under special obligations to vindicate
them, are officers of the American Navy, and, in
my judgment, every American officer is entitled
to be defended by me against unjust attacks on
his character.
I should have replied to the Senator from Texas
at the time, but for the fact that the hour was late
and the Senate was thin. On the next day I re-
considered my determination, and announced to
him that I would reply to his Speech whenever it
should appear in print. It has appeared to-day;
but as I did not see it until after tne Senate was
in virtue of a statute, and in virtue of a statutory
proceeding. Although I may admit the consti-
tutionality of the law under which this has been
done, I think the course of proceeding under it
has been altogether at variance with, and contra-
dictory to, all our anglo-Saxon and common-law
notions of justice. It is justice for which I con-
tend, not forms; for about them I will not dispute.
I admit that the naval officer has no right to de-
mand a trial by jury; the President may dismiss
him without any trial; but here is a case extraor-
dinary in its nature, altogether distinct from
the ordinary and common exercise of the presi-
dential power of removal under the Constitution.
Here is a great measure of State sanctioned by
Congress, the object of which is to "reform" the
personnel of the Navy of the United States. It
provides the means for that reform—a board of
out as 1 um not see it unui auer ine oenaie was proviues me means ior mat reiorm—a board or
in session, it has been impossible for me to read j officers, who are to recommend to the President
a line of it. I will, therefore; in conformity with j those who, in their judgment, are inefficient mem-
th« suggestion of friends around me, as the hour bers of the corps of Navy officers; and th« Pres-
is late, give way to a motion for adjournment, ---J i.;- ——
and then we can resume the subject to-morrow
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to make a
few remarks on this subject without interfering
with the right of the honorable Senator from
Delaware to the floor, and if h« will allow m* to
proceed now I will do so.
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly; I yield to my
friend.  
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I do
not rise to accuse any man. In the part which I
have felt myself called upon to take heretofore in
the discussion of this subject, I have impeached
nobody; I have accused nobody. So far as my
acquaintance has gone with the gentlemen of this
board—and it is but very limited—I have been
in the habit of regarding them with the greatest |
respect. One of them, a constituent of my own,
Commander, now perhaps Captain, Pendergraat,
I have regarded, not only with great respect as
a public officer, but With all the sympathies to
which he was entitled as one of my own people.
That'gentleman, who seems to command—and it
is a ■ high honor to him that he does command—
the support of my friend from Delaware, I have :
known under equally favorable circumstances. |
Then, sir, I-do not stand here to impugn any- j
body, or to accuse anybody; but I stand here to
defend those who 1 believe have suffered wrong and j
, injustice. It is not necessary that I should dis- I
parage or accuse the tribunal under whose sen- j
tence they have been degraded, because I think that I
a wrong has been done to them. It is a fallible i
tribunal, and may have been mistaken. The cir- I
cumstances underwhich.it sat and exercised juris-
diction, of all circumstances on earth, seem to
preclude that evidence Of truth and that expo-
sition of facts which were necessary to a Correct
judgment.
. Mf- President, let me begin by stating for what
it«is that I contend. I think it will appear that, 1
although my-friend from Delaware and myself -
arrive at a different conclusion in relation to this i
matter, there is no conflict between us as to the
general views which we entertain on the consti-
tutional question. It is with great pride that I
always cooperate with him, and I but seldom
diner from him. ' I do so on this occasion with
regret. I do not contend that tjiis law is uncon-
stitutional. I do not contend that the board has
acted corruptly. I do believe, however, and I shall
endeavor to maintain, thatinjustice has been done
to many gallant officers of the Navy by their de-
cision, however honest it may hare been. That
is the position whi<^i I take.
I will not contend with my friend from Dela-
ware, that the President of the United States, in
invfita At Vila kiol. . _ r .t • < '
vrt 4L1UT T VUlVviKlj UilU Mlv A
ident, on their finding, and on his approval or dis-
approval of the finding, is to retain or remove the
officers. •'
This is the substance of the law. Now is it
not perfectly plain that thin is a mere statutory
proceeding—that it cannot be placed on the foot-
ing of a removal by the President in the exercise
of hia constitutional power ? If that was relied
upon, there was no occasion for any law at all.
The President, without an act of Congress, with-
out the interposition of aboard, might have re-
moved any officer. The naval board was inter-
posed between him and them, and it is the pro-
ceeding of the board on which his action has
taken place. The proceeding of the President on
the finding of this board may be assimilated to
the action of a judge on the rendition of a verdict;
it is a Ie|al consequence. If the President see
cause to the contrary, he may disapprove; so the
judge may grant a new trial. If he saw no such
cause—and a cause must be shown—he approves.
This seems to me to he a fair description of the
whole proceeding. The President acts by direc-
tion of the statute as much as the hoard acts by
direction of the statute. That is the real nature
of the transaction. You may talk of forms, you
may turn it into technical shapes, and you may
thus perplex the judgment of men; but the plain,
common-sense view of the subject is, I think, as
I have stated it, and my judgment shall not be
turned, and our judgments, I think, ought not to
be turned, from the real nature and substance of
the fact by any mere ideal regard to forms and
, technicalities.
| ; We now understand the case. According to
| my view of it, Congress provided for a board.
It prescribed no rules of proceeding; it directed
no record to be kept; it directed no summons to a
party who was to be affected by their judgment;
but it did not say that there should be none of
these things. It is silent in regard to them. It
makes no regulation; but it says that the Secre-
tary of the Navy may prescribe regulations.' Slip-;
pose the Secretary of the Navy had refused tb
prescribe regulations, on whom, from the very
necessity of the case, would devolve the power of
making regulations for the conduct of the board?
On the board itself.
Iscnot this the plain, common-sense view, the
fair result of the transaction? The Secretary of
the Navy was to make regulations. What sort
of regulations ? Congress trusted to his discretion
to make regulations. He said in substance to the
board* " It is not necessary to sit publicly; it is
not necessary to keeparecord; it is not necessary
to examine witnesses." TVere these proper reg-
ulations ? That is the question.' Although these
men were not entitled to a trial, it-must be admit-
virtue of hi* ^ " v ui men were not eouuea to a trial, it must be admit-
an vofficer cm] StiS"th* ng f remo^ : fd.th*t the proceeding was in the nature of a
^ j or JLa.vaI> fr0IP ; judicial proceeding upon which the character, the
feelings, and the hopes of the whole ~ ' "
service of the United States. What the degree !
of his responsibility is for the abuse of that power
need not now be inquired into. I admit, as a
question of mere power, that he can remove offi-
cers. I contest none these positions; but I
maintain that, from the beginning to the end of
<=   r  — official corps
of the Navy of the United States depended. In
the hands of these judges pr  tempore, or of these
arbiters if you will, depended the place of every
man, high or low, in the,Navy of the United
otates. Was it not a mighty tribunal, with vast
of the naval service under it have not bePen so dis- I Mitv m the IXSp ? reSp°n?;
In the absence of any regulation by Congress
for their proceedings, could it have been supposed
that the Secretary of the Navy would recommend
darkness? What might the Secretary have pro-
posed if he pleased ? What, according to our
notions of justice, according to our notions of
every such proceeding, whether strictly judicial
and to be exercised in the forms in which courts
of justice exercise their jurisdiction or not, ought
to nave been prescribed ? It must have been pre-
sumed by Congress that some form of proceed-
ings Analogous to those of courts, containing som 
analogous assurances of justice, would be pre-
scribed to govern the conduct of such a mighty
and august tribunal as this was. None such,
however, was made; but the contrary seemed to
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Navy.
Herein, it seems to me, that officer misunder-
stood the proper spirit of the country, and the
proper spirit of our institutions. Though the
men who were to be passed upon by the board
were entitled to no trial, they were entitled to jus-
tice. What is the way to justice ? Though be-
fore the board there was no jury and no mdict-
meftt and no formal accusation, there was a way
to justice; and what was that? It was the way
which should have been prescribed by the regu-
lations which Congress conferred on the Secretary
of the Navy the power to make. It was left to
hia discretion, to his sense of justice, to his sense
of conformity with the institutions of the country,
to prescribe regulations. How contrary to the
intention of Congress must we suppose that the
regulations actually made were !
Sir, gentlemen should not make a personal
matter of having voted for or against this law.
Here is the law. It does not prescribe rules, but
it does not forbid rules. It directs and it contem-
plates that rules and regulations shall be pre-
scribed for the government of the proceedings of
the board!. What regulations so appropriate as
those whieh should instruct them whether a sum-
mons should issue to the party or not?—on what
evidence they should proceed .'—whether they
should proceed on their own statements one to
another?—whether they should proceed on the
repetitions of the gossips which they might have
heard in the Navy from year to year? Was it not
appropriate; to prescribe, in point of time, how
far back their jurisdiction should extend ? Was
it not important to tell them whether they were to
take a note of a man's whole lifetime—to note
and con everynice offense which he may have
committed? These things were appropriate sub-
jects for thfe regulations which Congress contem-
plated; but none such were made. Does not thia
vitiate the administration of the law ?
Besides, the inquiry of (he Board was not in-
tended to be left boundless and arbitrary. A des-
potism of that sort was not intended to be created
in the heart of a free country. You gave them
, power, and you expected that, power to be exer-
cised With a due regard to the universal opinion
'•and ffeeHng^of the people, and in Conformity with
the institution^ or the 'country. Is not that the
fair presumption ? How Was the jurisdictiorf exer-
cised? Without the farms, without any of the
ceremonies which signalize and solemnize public
justice—without one of those forms Which insure
justice to any man in any investigation. Was this
right? I ask the American Senate if it was right?.
I appeal to them, on no nice question as to the
power of removal—upon no disputed doctrine of
the presidential power. Here is abroad question
of justice presented for decision. Congress left it
to the Secretary of the' Navy to make regulations
for the government of the board. None have been
made. None have been made in the spirit of jus-
tice; none have been made in the spirit of the in-
stitutions of our country, or bearing the least an-
alogy to them, but in exact contradiction to them.
-• Well, sir, what Was the pow:er of this tribunal ? ,
Merely to determine the efficiency of a naval offi- .!
cer. Efficiency for what? Efficiency to doi his
duty as a naval officer, ashore and afloat. I ask •
gentlemen to tell me fairly, what does that lan-
guage comprehend? We fere not to suppose that
Congress intended to, grant a vague, general,
boundless, universal, despotic power. We should
do injustice to Congress to suppose that they had
any such intention. What, then, did they mean ?"
To limit this board to the "consideration of the
