1058
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
that he could not then submit his accounts. He
had not time to prepare them, as he had been
ordered by his commanding officer to go immedi-
ately into the Indian country, and he could not
prepare and transmit his accounts till after his
return. I am willing, then, to have—indeed I
invite, the most rigid scrutiny in regard to the ex- j
penses in the War Department. You have three
committees—nay, you have four—by which the
propriety and legality of the expenditures in the
War Department may be made. First, you have
the Committee of Ways and Means; and in this
instance the Committee of Ways and Means,
with the exception of my friend from Virginia,
[Mr. Letcher,] was unanimous in the opinion !
that these appropriations ought to be made. You j
have also the Committee on Military Affairs, i
Although it may not be the duty of that com-;
mittee by the rules of the House to investigate
the expenditures of the War Department, never-
theless, where money is to be drawn out of the j
Treasury for military purposes, it is their province 1
to examine the matter.
Mr. STANTON. I understood the chairman
of the Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr.
Quitman,] when this bill was originally before
the House, to state that his committee had no
knowledge whatever upon the subject. They had j
made no investigation.
Mr. QUITMAN. I stated that the Committee
on Military Affairs had the subject under con-:
sideration, but had made no report.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 only stated that investiga- ,
tion might bo had in that committee. {hit, isa-, ;
there is another investigation which may be had
by another committee of the House—the Com-1
mittee on the Public Expenditures. They are
invested by your mles with jurisdiction over the :j
expenses of this Government. In every branch |
of the Government that committee is authorized 1
to examine, and to report to the House whether :
the expenditures have been made in pursuance of:
law.
Then, sir, there is still another committee which ■
may be charged with the investigation of these
expenditures. You Imvo the Committee on the ,
Expenditures of (lie War Department, which is
specially charged with examining into th« ex- ,
penses of that Department: mid if they believe '
that money has been improperly spent—if they ,
believe that the public money has been squan- ■
dered,itis their duty to report the facts to the
House. Some gentlemen have complained of tins
expenses of the Army for barracks and quarters.
I have heard the remaik made that the hoops on ,
the frontier ought to live in their tents. Well,
sir, these troops, of course, live m tents during :
their campaigns; but when they are stationed per-
manently at some point upon the frontier, the Gov- 1
eminent erects barracks tor their shelter. And,
sir, they must ako have stor<-houses for their
provisions, clothing, and other munitions of war.
Your military posts j') the Indian country it
has been found necessary greatly to increase
within the la<u few years, for the purpose of pre-
venting hostilities. Upon an examination of the
state of things in Texas, it will lie found that five
years ago there were seventeen military posts
established and then occupied m that State, and
that fifteen of them are still occupied as such,
the Secretary of War dermmg their occupation
necessary to prevent fhe erinoachments of the
Indians noon the inhabitants. But, sir, ttvre are
expenses goin^ on that, imzht have been, and
ought to have been, checked by previous legis-
lation on the pait of ''on^tess. i allude to the
system which has grown up then* of paying indi-
viduals for rent? of building owned by Them, and
for demands for pay for the cutting of timber used ■
in the erection of buildings and for fuel. Claims
of this kind are constantly being presented in
connection with the military posts in the State of
Texas. The Secretary of War has no power to
purchase sues for forts or military posts; and as
the Government owns no land in'Texas, we are
compelled to pay not only, in some cases, for the
use of the buildings occupied by our Army, but
also for the umber which has been used in the '
construction of the buildings, when the buildings j
have been eructed by the Aimy itself. When ,
these military posts were selected, the country ;
was unsettled, and the owner of the lands at the ■
point where it was deemed necessary to establish a
post could nor be found: or, perhaps, at the time
the post was established, the site belonged to the
State, but was subject to be taken up by the float-
ingland claims of the State of Texas; consequently
no contract could be made for the occupancy of the
land. In some instances the buildings erected by
the Government have been claimed by the owner
of the soil.
The last amendment to which I shall refer, is
the one appropriating $200,000 to supply a defi-
ciency in the judiciary fund, out of which the
ordinary expenses of the courts of the United
States are defrayed. The increased expenses of
this branch of the public service have, in part,
been occasioned by an act passed a few years
ago. That act passed this House after being (as
was said) well matured. I voted for it, as did
other gentlemen, with the expectation that the
expenses of that department would be greatly
reduced thereby. This was promised as one of
its results; but, instead of that, this very act
itself tolerates that which I consider outrages,
without affording any proper check on the exec-
utive department, or furnishing the means for
the accounting officers of the Treasury to conect.
Some days since, I called for a report of the ses-
sions of the district and circuit courts of the
United States at Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, where,
according to that report, the judges have kept
their courts in session during nearly the whole
time; not because the public service required it,
but, as is alleged by some, to enable the marshals
and cleiks to draw their per diem allowance.
This is an abuse which the Secretary of the In-
terior tells you he cannot correct without further
legislation upon the part of Congress; though I
believe he has suspended the payment of some of
these claims.
Mr. STANTON. Why not turn these mar-
shals and clerks out of office?
Mr. PHELPS. But if the judge continues the
session of the court, the geutleman from Ohio
knows it is the duty of these officers to attend on
the court during its sessions. If they were will-
fully to absent themselves, they would be liable to
punishment for a neglect of duty.
Mr. WASHiJURNE, of Illinois. Impeach
the judge, then.
Mr. PHELPS. Perhaps a more summary way
would be to abolish the court altogether, and
establish another at some future time; but, sir,
thi«? appropriation is required for the immediate
use of the judiciary department. The Secretary
of the interior has resisted the payment of what
he considers as unjust claims, and he recommends
that Congress shall pass some act by which those
abuses may be cheeked. But, sir, it is not the
executive deportment of the Government which
is responsible for these abuses.
A.t the ume the Secretary of the Interior sub-
mitted his estimates, if Gentlemen have paid atten-
tion to them, they will have observed that the
appropriation for defraying the judicial expenses
of the country was nearly exhausted, and the
current expenses for more than three months of
the fiscal year are yet to be provided for, This ap-
propriation is to pay the expenses of holding the
district and circuit courts of the United States, for
the payment of jurors, &c.? until the 30th day of
June nr^t. Gentlemen will observe that these
judge? must hold their courts at the times pre-
scribed by law, whether there is any money out
of winch the expenses thereby incurred can be
paid or not.
It seems to mp, therefore, that it is but justice
that rhe House should recede from their disagree-
ment. to this amendment, and permit this neces-
sary appropriation to be made. I should not
have ti oubled the House at this time, if I had not
been fully convinced that the appropriation ought
to be made. I believe these expenses have been
mcuuvd in pursuance of law. We shall have to
mo  r these expenses at some future time., if we
do not meet them now.
Mr. STANTON. I confess that I am a little
surprised at the course the Committee of Ways
and Means have deemed it their duty to pursue
m relation to this bill. The amendments which the
gentleman from Missouri now proposes that the
House shall recede from its disagreement to, were
rejected heie,upon a pretty full and thorough dis-
cussion, by very decided majorities. It must be
evident to every one that the bill cannotb? finally
disposed of, except by the appointment of a com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. PHELPS. I will merely remark that this
last amendment was rejected in the House by a
vote of 61 to 70, and that another was rejected by
a still closer vote than that. One of the amend-
ments, I know, was rejected by a very decided
majority.
Mr. STANTON. The deficiencies presented
in this bill, and especially the amendments of the
Senate in reference to deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the Army, struck the
House as being unusual and extraordinary, even
under the usage which prevailed in deficiency
bills. The amount of the deficiencies compared
with the original appropriations showed such a
wide ciphering, that the House deemed it to be
its duty to make a thorough and strict investiga-
tion into the manner in which these expenditures
had been made.
By the way, I may as well remark here, that
this question comes up here now on the motion
of the Committee of Ways and Means, with a
knowledge on their part that it was to come up,
and with a thorough preparation, with informa-
tion furnished by the Department to enable them
to go into detail in support of these appropria-
tions. On the other side, we are taken by surprise.
Those of us who resisted these amendments be-
fore, are not furnished with information in detail
which may be necessary to meet the views of the
Committee of Ways and Means. We are com-
pelled to deal with the facts which they present,
in the best way we can. I must deal very gene-
rally with this subject. By way of illustrating
my view of it, I will state that the Department
asked at the last session of Congress §1,200,000
for transportation, which was granted. That was
the estimate of the amount which would be re-
quired for transportation for the current fiscal
year. Now, sir, we are told that they want, as
a deficiency, almost one hundred per cent, on
that estimate. We are asked on a general state-
ment—a very loose and indefinite statement as to
the necessities of the public—a very general
statement as to the amount of the increase—to
appropriate as a deficiency one hundred per cent,
on'the original appropriation. By what the gen-
tleman from Missouri has stated, however, it
seems that there is no increase in the cost of
transportation. He quotes the prices for yearn
past, and says that the cost was greater in those
years than it is now.
But the increased expenditure is because there
are more troops stationed at the different posts
than there were during previous years; therefore,
more supplies of clothing, provisions, and muni-
tions of war, have to be transported. That estab-
lishes the fact, however, that this deficiency does
not result from any increased cost of transporta-
tion, but from an increased amount of transporta-
tion. The point I make is this: Is it not mar-
vellous that the Department could not come within
one hundred per cent, of the amount required for
transportation, the cost for transposition nor,
being increased ?
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. STANTON, It is rather a strange way
to argue the question. My practice as a lawyer
has been different—the direct first, and then the
cross-examination. But I yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to correct the gentle-
man. The Quartermaster General has stated that
the expedition against the Sioux was not con-
templated when he submitted his annual estimates
for the expenditures for the present fiscal year*
nor were wars anticipated in Oregon and Wash-
ington.
Mr. STANTON. The number of troops that
have been in the service during the current yea.
was authorized by the last Congress; and the
fact that they were to be m the public service wa-°
known to the Department at the time the last
appropriation bill was passed; so that there was
not a want of knowledge of the number of troops
and the amount of transportation to be furnished.
But there was a want of knowledge in reference
to the places to which the troops were to be trans-
ported. It is said that there are Indian wars,
which increase the necessity for more distant
transportation. I have heard it said—whether
truly or noi I do not know—that these Indian
wars are by no means profitable when transporta-
tion costs what it does at this time; and that if
