1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
August 5,
this matter; but the gentleman calls this a harbor.
I repeat, as I said yesterday, that, whether we
take the word according to its etymology or its
conventional meaning, this is no harbor; and the
learned dissertation of the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] on the roots of the word
"harbor," has not changed my opinion in the
least. With equal propriety you might call a
station on a railroad a harbor; you might call any
point on a creek, or spring branch, a harbor; and,
by virtue of the word alone, claim the power of
this Government to make an improvement. The
very suggestion of a harbor two thousand miles
above the mouth of the Mississippi, is in itself
absurd. It is no harbor, but it is a landing; and
this bill is to improve a landing. I know some-
thing in regard to this work, as well as my friend
from Iowa. It is about as meritorious, perhaps,
as many otheis which we have passed; and there
is no member of the Senate whose interests, or
the interests of whose constituents, I would be
more reluctant to oppose, than those of my friend
from Iowa and his constituents; but 1 know
something about the character of this work. It
is emphatically, as I still say, to improve the
landing at this place. There is a difficulty in
making the landing at Dubuque, and they want
,to open a way to get to it. It will inure especially
to the benefit of private landholders, who own
the two small islands that stand out in front of
the town. I want to call things by their right
names, and I insist on my amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. 1 insist on its being
called a harbor; and f insist on it, not only be-
cause the Government officers have so designated
it in their rep'orts to the Congress of the United
States, but because it does afford protection to
the vessels which navigate the Mississippi river—= ■
steamboats. If a similar improvement had been
made at St. Louis, last spring, or at Cmcmnali,
at the breaking up of tin- ice, hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars would have been saved, as you
well know, sir, which were lost by the destruction
of steamboats there. IMns is a hnrhor—a placc
of refuge for steamboats and any other kind of
boats that navigate the Mississippi river.
Mr, M A.SUM. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment. I have some information about
it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to stale merely,that
this is a harbor within the definition given bv the
Senator from Alabama. It is a part of the water
of the Mississippi liver extending into the land,
where vessels may lie in safety. Il is a harbor,
within the definition given by the .Senator from
New York—a place ot rejuge beyond danger. It
is also a harbor, within the definition of (he Sen-
ator from South Carolina. It is a retreat or a
hiding place for bouts which navigate the Mis-
sissippi river, from the floating ice. 1 undei siood
the honorable Senator from South Carolina to
say that a harbor was a place of retreat, or a
hiding place. This may be regarded as a harbor
within that definition.
Very frequently in the spring of the year the
ice on the Mississippi river floats in large bodies,
perhaps to the extent of hundreds of acres. If
steamboats and other vessels are compelled merely
to anchor at the ordinary landings, they are
crushed by these immense bodies of ice. As 1
understand, it is the object of the Government
officers to open up this harbor—a part of the
Mississippi river which extends into the land
opposite Dubuque—in order that these boats may
havo a retreat from this danger. If it be the
object of the Senator from Alabuma merely to
correct the language that it may be appropriate,
he is in error; the word " harbor" is more appro-
priate than " landing." The people of Iowa can
secure a landing on the opposite side of the island
which has been named.
I might correct him in another respect also.
The owners of that island would derive a greater
advantage from a defeat of this measure, than
from the adoption of the proposition of the com-
mittee. If the Government foil to improve that
harbor, the inlets from the Mississippi river will
be filled up, and the entire body of that island
will become city property; so that the owners of
the island have a direct interest m the defeat of
this measure.
Mr. CLAY. 1 have looked into the topography
of this place called a harbor, and I have made
some inquiry at the War Department as to the
character of this improvement. I will state my
information, briefly, to the Senate. I had it in
writing, but I have mislaid it, and cannot now
read it; but I will state it accurately, and then
the Senate may judge whether this can properly
be termed a harbor.
There are two small islands which He immedi-
ately in front of the town of Dubuque, which is
on the west side of the Mississippi river. The
difficulties heretofore experienced in getting up
to Dubuque through the passes between those
islands and the mainland caused a canal to be
cut through one of these islands. That, as I un-
derstand, has become obstructed, and cannot now
be passed. There is a great difficulty at low stages
of the water m reaching the town of Dubuque at
all, and vessels have to lie outside of those islands,
at least those of heavy draught. Now, the pur-
pose of this improvement is really to make the
landing at Dubuque accessible. It is cither to
open an artificial channel, or to deepen one of the
natural channels by which the town is approached
between the island and the main land. The prop-
osition has been made to the Department by pri-
vate landholders owning one of these islands, to
fill up the space between that island and the main
land, with a view of deepening the channel be-
tween the other passes. As I am informed, it was
proposed at one time, that, if the Government
would expend $1,500 towards fillingup one pass,
and uniting the island with the main land, they
would, by private contributions, complete the
work; and I believe that, if Congress were to he
still and not throw this bounty upon the people
of Dubuque, the private landholders interested
in this improvement would make it by a bare
expenditure on the part of the Government of
#1,600.
Now, sir, I say that, from the information I
have received at the War Department, the pur-
pose of this improvement is to make the landing
at Dubuque accessible to vessels, by eithei deep-
ening the natural channel, or by opening an arti-
ficial channel. It is not for the purpose of a re-
treat, as it is called, or a placc of refuge for vessels
from the ice, but it is in order to get at or to the
town. I dare say that if the space between these
islands were filled up, and the town extended out
to the main channel of the stream, it would be a
gieater improvement than that which is now con-
templated, and then it would be literally a fulfill-
; mi'iit of the idea of making a landing there.
| Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I will only remark, in
answer to my IViend from Alabama, that the city
! of Dubuque has expended between fifty and one
' bundled thousand dollars for the very purpose
of deepening this slough, in order that boats may
enter into ilie harbor. 1 know that the city of
j Dubuque has made contracts with two compa-
; mes, one styled the Seventh Street Improvement
| Company, and the other the Jones Street Ini-
t proveinent Company, in order to cany out the
| streets to the maul island, to fill up the space be-
j tween the islands, and keep open the two sloughs
! above highwater maik. When the liver gets
high now, the islands become overflowed, and
the water becomes stagnant, and the city un-
healthy. The city has therefore contracted with
two companies for filling up all the spaces between
the islands. The suggestion was made last year
by the distinguished Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Doughs,] whim he was theie. The people of
Dubuque have come to the determination of fill-
ing up these islands and the sloughs adjacent to
them outside of the harbor, and adjoining the har-
bor, so as to prevent sickness and disease coming
amongst them. The city has, I believe, expended
nearly §100,000—I cannot recollect the precise
sura, but I know more than $50,000. My prop-
erty, like that of all other citizens, has been taxed
to |iay for it.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator inform us
what the population of Dubuque is >
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It is now between six-
teen and seventeen thousand.
Mr. MASON. Then, as I understand it, this
is an appropriation to clear out a deposit made
by the Mississippi river at the town of Dubuque,
or between that town and the islands which lie
opposite it. Now, what earthly difference can
there be between an appropriation to remove the
mud or the deposit of a river m front of Dubuque,
and removing it here in the docks of Baltimore or
the docks of Norfolk ? That is to be done upon
an appropriation to improve or make a harbor at
Dubuque! A harbor, as I understand it, though
I may be mistaken in nautical phrase, as it is a
nautical term, means a place of security 
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Security for what?
Mr. MASON. For ships or vessels that navi-
gate the bay or the ocean, as the case may be;
but if they want a place of security oil the head
waters of the Mississippi river, where this town
of Dubuque is, it is a misnomer, a misapplication
of the term harbor. Therefore, the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Alabama struck
me as a correct one. It is for the landing at Du-
buque—to clear away the mud and obstructions
at the landing in Dubuque.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That is aot the fact.
Mr. MASON. If it is upon a navigable river
it cannot be a harbor within the nautical meaning
of the term.
Again: if there is at this point a population of
seventeen thousand, with the enormously increas-
ing emigration which is constantly going to this
region, I cannot imagine what sort of a spirit
possesses the people represented by the honorable
Senator, who can come here and ask for an ap-
propriation almost actually to remove the ashes
from their own hearths. It is really equivalent to
a demand of that sort. But it seems to me we
have opened sluices of expenditure here, and in-
stead of harbors properly so called upon the bays,
upon the lakes, or upon the ocean, harbors are
to be found now upon the head waters of the
current streams of the country, and mud is to
be cleared away from wharves whore there, is a
population of seventeen thousand, a rich popula-
tion, growing richer every day, and they come to
the public Treasury and ask for an appropriation.
The question being taken on Mr. Clay's
amendment by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas
15, nays 20; as follows:
YEAfc> — Messrs. Crown, Butler, Cass, Clay,
Douglas, Ilous-tou, Hunter, Ivor^on, Mason, Puarce, lleid,
Slidctl, Toomb«, and Welter—15.
NAYS—Mcs-is,. Allen, liell of New Hampshire, Bell of
'IVnnr-.M'c, Hu;;ht, Collatnei, Onlteiidt'ii, Dodtje, Fe>sen-
den, FMi, Foot, Foster, Ilarlan, Jame^, .Tories of Iowa,
Sewaid, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade,
WiImhi, and Wiight—2U.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLAY. I beg leave now to submit what
I mislaid at)d have recovered by the aid of a friend
—the statement from the War Department of the
character of this improvement; and I ask the at-
tention of Senators who are not predetermined to
vote for the bill right or wrong, that they may
sec how far I am sustained in what I have asserted.
According to this statement, there are in front of
the town of Dubuque, two islands extending for
a distance of six or seven hundred yards. The
depth of the channel of the river varies from ten
to twenty feet, while that of the sloughs commu-
nicating with the so-called harbor is limited to
two feet, so that boats drawing more than two
feet cannot enter. The minimum channel of the
Mississippi above and below Dubuque, at ex-
treme low water, is four feet. The first appro-
priation was made June 15, 1844, when Iowa was
a Territory, and amounted to §7,500, 4< provided,
upon due examination and survey, under the di-
rection of the Secretary of War, it shall appear -
that a permanent improvement can be accom-
plished and completed for tins sum, so as to admit
the landing of steamers of the largest class nav-
igating the river, at the town of Dubuque, at all
seasons of the year."
There is proof positive of what I have said.
In the very act of appropriation originally passed
for this improvement, it was stated to be to ac-
complish the very purpose I have asserted here:
<£ to effect the landing of steamers of the largest
class navigating the river at the town of Dubuque
at ail seasons of the year." The examination
and survey were made under the direction of
Captain Cram, topographical engineer, m 1844.
He suggested three plans: first, to make such
cuts and excavations as would give the channel
four feet depth at extreme low water along tho
town front. Second, to cut a channel from the
town across the island to the main channel in
the river, and in connection with it to build a
causeway from the town to the outer island;
and third, to build a bridge or causeway from
the town to the main channel. Here again ifc
will be seen from the report that I am fully sus-
