1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1983
tained in my assertion, that the purpose of this
appropriation is either to deepen tne natural chan-
nel, so as to effect a landing at the town of Du-
buque, or make an artificiahone through one of
these islands.
The statement says that the estimated cost of
all these plans exceeded the amount appropri-
ated, and none were permanent except those pro-
posed for a bridge or causeway, which, by itself,
could hardly be considered a narbor work. The
plan approved was one of the modified seeond
class plans, to cut a channel from the river to the
outer island, and dredge a channel from the term-
ination of this cut through the outlet to the main
channel of the river. This shows that the very
plan which has been begun has been to achieve
the purpose, as I stated, of effecting a landing
at Dubuque. In 1852-53 this plan was mod-
ified in consequence of reported changes in the
main channel of the river. In July, 1854, the
subject having been referred to the board of en-
gineers, they reported in favor of building a solid
causeway from the town to the outer island, just
below the outlet, and some of the money then un-
expended was applied toward this object. When
the first appropriation was made,this town was
entirely inaccessible to steamboats navigating the
Mississippi at low water. To maintain a suitable
communication between the town and river chan-
nel will require a constant expenditure. With
equal propriety appropriations might he made for
removing mud from wharves in all the cities of
the United States, or extending their wharves into
deep water. Any argument m favor of this im-
provement woulcl equally apply to any other
landing place along the Mississippi river.
Now, sir, this statement of the character of the
work sustains me fully, that it is to effect a land-
ing place for boats at Dubuque, which cannotgct
in because of the want of depth of water in the
natural channel; and that it is to achieve it in one
of two ways—either by deepening the natural
channel, or cutting an artificial one.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Is not that the object
of the appropriation for Chicago, for Michigan
City, for Milwaukee, for Ilacine, for South port,
for all the improvements contemplated on Lake
Michigan and on Lake Erie? That is exactly the
object. The boats cannot land at Chicago. Nei-
ther steam nor sail-boats could ever have got into
the port of Chicago but for such an appropriation
as that which I am now asking. It is for the pur-
pose of enabling steamboats to land at the town,
instead of landing at the outer island, where they
cannot get access.
Mr. CLAY. Exactly; it is to effect a landing,
not to make a harbor.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The difference between this
and a harbor at Chicago, or any other point on
the lakes, is to be found in the fact that a vessel
cannot land at an open pier on the lakes duimg a
storm, because there it will go ashore and dash
to pieces. For that reason, on the lakes, a place
of refuge is called a harbor, because you want to
get into a position that protects you against a
storm, where a vessel can lie in safety until the
storm is over; otherwise it must go to the bot-
tom. But when you come to a river, the idea of
a harbor is to my mind preposterous, because a
vessel is safe anywhere in a liver, a thousand
miles above or a thousand miles belowits mouth,
or at any intermediate point.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Were they safe in St.
Louis and Cincinnati last spring when the ice
broke up ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. If you want protection
against the ice, none of these appropriation bills
remedy the evil at all. I must be frank with my
friend from Iowa. I dislike to disoblige him or
vote against him, but I can perceive no more rea-
son for an appropriation of this kind at Dubuque
than at any other steamboat landing on the Mis-
sissippi or any of its tributaries.
The misfortune with many of our towns there
is, that there is asand-barin front, which embar-
rasses us m landing a steamboat against the shore
in low water. It becomes a matter of importance
often to get rid of a sand-bar; butit is one of the
misfortunes of the town site. One man gets a
site that has no such sand-bar m front; another
gets one that has; there is arivalry between them,
and the one that has the best site is the most
likely to get the town. But what importance is
it to the nation whether the town shall be one
mile higher up, where there is agood landing, or
one mile lower down ? for if you cannot land at
one point, you will be sure to land at another.
If you find it impossible to land at Dubuque, you
can go a short distance above, where the channel
runs against the bank, and there you can have a
landing. It is a matter of importance to the own-
ers of town lots, whether the business shall be
done there, or a mile or two above, or a mile or
two below; but it is a matter of no importance to
the navigation of the river, at what particular
point it shall be done.
Again, we were told that §7,000 was going to
finish the work, when it began. How much are
you asking for now?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Fifteen thousand dol-
lars.
Mr. DOUG-LAS. How much have we appro-
priated between the §7,000 appropriation and this
one of $15,0005
Mr. STUART. Fifteen thousand dollars in
1852.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The $7,000 was going to
finish it, and then, when you spent that, you ap-
propriated twice as much, and now you want
twice the amount of the original appropriation to
finish it. The truth is, it never will be finished;
for the fact is, that every time a flood rjses in that
river it runs over these little islands and makes
deposits of sand in the very channel that you
are going to dig out. You make a pool theie to
catch all the sand that comes down; and you may
clear it out every year until doomsday,'but you
will never get it finished. My opinion is, that
you will never have a landing there, until you
fill up the very channel you are talking of, to the
outer island, and make your landing there; and
cut down some of the high hills of Dubuque—and
they have them high enough there—and take the
earth to fill up to the outer island. Do that, and
you can sell the land made by the improvement,
for five times as much as the cost of the improve-
ment, and then you will have a permanent land-
ing forever.
If I were a citizen of Dubuque, I would not
allow the Government of the United States to
come there and dig that hole any deeper, because
it will take more to lill it up, and you must fill it
up before you can ever have a good landing. If
you get this money, you had better expend it
m filling up the harbor, and do it so that it will
remain filled up, and put an end to the contro-
versy, instead of trying to scoop out a little slough
that will fill up at every rise of the river.
This appropriation and the one formerly at St.
Louis, stood on a different footing from any others
on the whole river, and they will bring in a class
that is innumerable. The result is to make this
Government furnish wharves or .landings for
steamboats. The Senator from Missouri knows
very well that we appropriated $50,000 at one
time, $75,000 at another, perhaps $150,000 on an-
other occasion, to make the water run against the
bank at St. Louis, so as to keep a doep channel
there; and the more we tried it the more the water
would not run there. Every time we made a
wing-dam from Bloody Island, so as to force the
water to shoot agamst that bank, the water was
opposite, and shot around the other end of the
wing-dam, earned away a part of the island,
and left a pile of rocks for steamboats to run
against. Ilence, I say, every time you expended
money (and you went on until you spent hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars) to get a landing
for St. Louis, you made it worse until you aban-
doned it. Then the city of St. Louis took hold
of it and filled up on the other side of the island,
and left but one place for the channel, and it stayed
there. But every dollar you spent for the land-
ing of St. Louis made it worse; and every dollar
you have spent on your landing at Dubuque has
made it worse, I think. I ask the Senator from
Iowa if it has not ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I think it has not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senator if his best
claim now is not to remove obstructions winch
the Government has put there ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. No, sir, it is not; but
there is an obstruction there.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am really of the impression
that the Government has mjuicd the landing of
Dubuque. If the Senator put his claim for an
appropriation on the ground that the Government
ought to remove the obstructions which they put
there, to my mind there would be some appear-
ance of justice in it; but on no other grounds can
I see that he has any semblance of claim for this
appropriation. If this system is to prevail, I
shall feel bound to ask for appropriations to clear
out the entrance to Galena, to remove the sand-
bars at the upper end of the town of Rock Island,
and remove the sand-bar at the upper part of the
town of Oquawka, and the sand-bar at the island
in front of Gtuincy; and so on for every little town
on the Ohio, the Mississippi, the Illinois, and all
the other rivers. If we are to make landings for
towns, there will be no end to the number. This
appropriation is simply to construct a landing to
make a town accessible to boats, either by extend-
ing the land out to the bed of the river, or bring-
ing the water up to the town. I hope my friend
from Iowa will not push the claim. It cannot be
sanctioned without providing for five hundred
towns on the western waters with equal propri-
ety.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I will ask my friend
from Illinois, if the Government of the United
States had gone to Galena, under an appropriation
to survey Fever river, with a view to its improve-
ment, (and it wants more than my town does, I
admit,) during the territorial government of Illi-
nois, and they had stopped up the mouth of F wr
river, as a great many people think ough. to !,e
done, with a view of building a caual through mr
portage, would he not require the United S.,urs
either to remove the obstruction, orto complete the
canal at the portage ? That is all I ask for now.
I said yesterday that the Government had
stopped up the Megary slough, which was the
main entrance to the town of Dubuque, and com-
menced cutting a channel through Bass Island;
and they must now either complete the channel
through Bass Island, which they commenced to
cut, or remove the obstructions, and make Me-
gary slough as it was in the beginning. This is
a single case standing by itself, and there is no
similar one that can be presented*in the United
States. It is a work that was commenced in the
Territory of Iowa during the territorial gov-
ernment, when the United States had a right to
do as tiiey pleased with it—when all the islands,
and the town itself, and the country back of the
town, belonged to the United States. The United
Suites enhanced the value of their own property
by commencing this improvement. My friend is
mistaken very much in saying that we can get a
landing at any other point as well as at this. We
ennnotget a landing at any other point within
three miles of Dubuque, even according to Un-
report of the War Department, read by the Sen-
ator from Alabama. I do not know from whom
that document comes. Does it come from the
Secretary of War ?
Mr. CLAY. It comes from the Department.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I want to know whether
the Secretary sanctions it.
Mr. CLAY. I think he does.
Mr. .TONES, of Iowa. Very well; then I will
say—and I pledge my word for it—that the Sec-
rKary, only the day before yesterday, told me
that he intended, last winter, and agreed that he
would carry out this embankment on the south
side of the slough, which was partially filled up
by the Government, by making a contract to
bring the earth from the hills spoken of by the
Senator from Illinois, which I favor myself as
the best mode of improving our harbor. Colonel
Long reported, in the hook which 1 had before
me yesterday, that the ferry slough ought to be
dredged out, and more of the earth thrown on
this embankment, which the Secretary had di-
rected to be done. When that is done, there will
be an entrance to our harbor, which is a protec-
tion to vessels, as I have already said two or
three times.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not wish to prolong
the discussion, or occupy time; but the Senator
from Iowa now puts the justification of this
claim on a ground that has more plausibility.
He asks whether, if the Government of the
United States had filled up the mouth of Fever
river, with a view of cutting a channel across
the bend, so as to make an entrance to Galena,
and after filling up the river had failed to open
the channel, we should not have a claim for an
appropriation. I answer, that if the Government
did it for its own purposes—for some purpose
specified in the Constitution, as building* a fort
