1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
the expenditures were not so large—if a large
amount of funds were not distributed among the
new settlements—if they were bad speculations,
there would not be so many of them as there are.
These may be unjust surmises, but I have heard
them.
I would ask the gentleman from Missouri to
state the amount of the appropriations from the
disagreement to which he asks the House to re-
cede.
A Member. One million eight hundred thou- '
sand dollars.
Mr. PHELPS. Not so much—not more than
$1,500,000.
Mr. STANTON.. Amongst others, there is an
appropriation to supply the deficiency in the ap-
propriations for the judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the current year, including the judi-
cial expenses of the District of Columbia. Since
the passage of that bill we have been advised by
the Treasury Department that the expenses for
criminal prosecutions and warrants for breaches
of the peace within the DisWict of Columbia,
during the past year, more than §60,000—more
than those of the entire State of Ohio, with more
than two millions of people. There is a gross
fraud on the Treasury for expenses of this descrip-
tion; yet the gentleman fiom Missouri says—
" No matter; we must give the money." I want
to see some symptoms of repentance and reform
before I vote any more money.
Mr. PHELPS. Those expenses are authorized
by existing laws. The Secretary calls our atten-
tion to the fact, that we ought to legislate to pre-
vent these expenses. The Committee of Ways
House as false to its duty to the country if it
should vote an appropriation of this sort for a
deficiency, before a full and thorough investiga--
tion were made, to see whether it is asked for
proper purposes, and whether the request is hon-
estly made. If the money 1ms been squandered
and used for corrupt purposes, I hold that Con-
gress ought not to vote any such appropriation.
I understood the gentleman from Missouri to say
that if we do not make this appropriation these
judges who have been holding their courts all
the year round, will not be able to get their sala-
ries to the end of the year. Well that is not a
very great calamity. If they abuse their powers
in this manner, I do not feel any special alacrity
j to vote them their salaries.
Mr. PIIELPS. The salaries of the judges are
I not paid out of this appropriation. You make
| an appropriation specially to pay the salaries of
j the judges, and fhey will get their money whether
| you pass this deficiency bill or not. The provis-
; ion in this bill is to pay witnesses, grand and
petit jurors, marshals and clerks 
Mr. STANTON. Who have been stealing the
money. Now, sir, I trust this House will vin-
dicate its own consistency, and its power as a
separate, independent department of this Govern-
ment, by maintaining its position and refusing to
recede from the position it has taken deliberately
and upon inquiry, in refusing to grant this appro-
priation until there is presented to it a more thor-
ough and specific detail of the expenditure, and
of the necessities which exist for the deficiency
which is asked for.
I know, Mr. Speaker, it is true that we have
and Means have no jurisdiction over the judi- 1: four or five committees whose duty it is to inquire
ciary; they only have jurisdiction to provide for j; into these things. The gentleman from Missouri
the appropriations of money to carry out the laws \ \ has designated several committees whose especial
as they exist. Let the Judiciary Committee act, '■ 1 ■ ■ 1    lir-   J
and I will go with them to reform the abuses com-
plained of.
Mr. STANTON. My own opinion is, that if
a few of the justices of the peace, constables, and
witnesses, who make costs because they need
money, should have to go without their costs a
little while, it would be no great calamity, and
therefore, I would not vote this appropriation in
this manner. But the gentleman atlmits that there
are great abuses practiced by the circuit and dis-
trict courts in continuing the sessions of the courts
from day to day, from week to week, and from
month to month with no earthly purpose hut to
furnish an excuse for the clerk and marshal to
charge a per diem on the public Treasury. He
.says the marshal nor the clerk can help it; that
the judge adjourns the court; but 1 never heard
that either the clerk or marshal ever made any
disturbance about it. The judge does it at the
instance of the clerk and marshal; it is under
their control—tlujy can piovcnt it; and if the judge
allows himself to be used in that manner for cor-
rupt purposes, he does deserve impeachment.
And if the President keeps a marshal in office who
pockets the spoils of this description of plunder,
he does not deserve to have his bills footed.
I resisted tins thing m the first instance; and
I hope now that the House will reject the motion
of the gentleman from Missouri, for the reasons
which 1 urged originally. There is not merely
a few millions of dollars at stake; there is no man
who has his eyes about him that can fail to see
that this Government is constantly drifting to
leeward, and that its power is iast settling into
the hands of the Executive.
It was supposed, when the Constitution was
adopted, and for forty years afterwards, that the
check which Congress possessed over the public
expenditures was an efficient means of protecting
the people against any encroachments of the Ex-
ecutive. But I desire to know of this House,— i . . A ^ _ .
I desire to know of the Committee of Ways and i, cumstaitces, appropriated to pay the deficiencies
Means—what we are fit for, whot we are good for, of another year. A deficiency bill, as I under-
what business we have here, if we are not to be ! j stand it, is a bill brought into supply deficiencies
informed of the necessities of the expenditures, ij for the current year, and it is usually in anticipa-
and the details of them, which we are asked to j< tion of the exhaustion of the appropriations tor
vote 5 Are we to be the mere registers of the J the year to which the bill refers. If I understand
presidential edicts: He says there is a deficiency, jj the three items to which the gentleman irom
and that there is not money enough to foot [j Missouri has called the attention of the House,
the bill I pr?v you, shall we not ask him why !; those items blend, without discriminating any-
there is'not money enough ? What has been done ;I where, deficiencies which have occurred tor the
with it' I would treat him as any private gen- last fiscal year, and which apparently have been
tleraan would treat his or steward; I would :j paid out of the appropriations for this fiscal year,
• • - ... i .1 ..:i —j well as deficiencies whicn are anticipated to
duty it is—being committees upon public expend
: itures—to make these inquiries, but the trouble
i is, they have not done it; and amongst those
! committees whose duty it is to make these in-
\ quiries, and to expose and publish them to the
j House, is the Committee of Ways and Means.
I They were not able to do it at the time the
| amendments were under consideration, and they
! are not yet much better able to'furnish us the
' items in detail.
Now, sir, I do notpurpose to detain the House
upon this matter. The point I make is, that we
have not yet had any sort of evidence of thp
necessity for these appropriations, f am not
satisfied about them. I do not know that the
money which has been appropriated for the cur-
rent fiscal year has been pioperly expended. I
do not know that it has ixen honestly expended,
i I do not know what the exigencies of the public
i service are. I have not details in reference thereto
' such as I would require upon my own business,
; and I cannot act without them as a reprcsenta-
j tive of the people.
; Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. T wish to call the
| attention of the gentleman from Missouri to some
j peculiarities in reference to these military defieien-
j cies, in order that I may vote understandmgly
: upon them. It is true,'that Indian difficulties
' have originated within the last year; it is very
I possible that they have been a sufficient excuse
for the requisition of more money for gieater
rapidity in the transportation of troops, and for
greater expenses in providing for the commis-
sariat department. There have been no details
submitted, either to the Committee of Ways and
Means or to this House, showing where and how
; these deficiencies originated. But we haveastate-
! ment made by the Secretary of the Treasury and
i his subordinate officers which, 1 think, ought to
■ draw the attention of this House to the style and
< mode in which the moneys of one ) ear have been,
apparently, so far as I can understand the cir-
callfor the balance-sheet m detail,and investigate
it thoroughly and fully; and 1 should hold this
. occur during the present fiscal year, and to meet
which additional appropriations are asked. I
arrive at this fact from some of the statements
which accompany the report of the Secretary of
War. Wc have on page 21 of Executive docu-
ment No. 1, the report of the quartermaster's
department to the Secretary of War, in which
we find this statement:
"The expenditmes for forage and transportation last
! year exceeded the appropriations, and the cxcess will be a
charge on the appropriation of the present year. Thif.
with the extensive movements of troops in the States ot
Texas and California, and the Territories of New Mexico,
Oregon, Washington, Kansas, and Nebraska, on account
of the disturbed state of the Indians, will cause the appro-
1 prianons lor those items, and perhaps others, to fall far
short of the wants of the sei vice for the year.
" A larse appropriation for deficiencies will be required
to enable us to meet the wants of the service to the close
1 of the year."
Now, I ask, why was not this deficiency
brought into the bill at the last session of Con-
i gress, as a deficiency for that year ? And by
what authority of law is it that the Secretary of
War has applied the appropriations made by
Congress specifically for the services of this
year, not to the services of this year, but to pay
expenses going beyond that which Congress
authorized for the last year? This is no trivial
transgression of law, if the transgression be as I
suppose it is. It is one of the tender points of
our system; and one which the Constitution has
been specially careful to guard. It is the only
point upon which the hands of this House are
bound, as regards the extent to which their appro-
priations may go. It is the only point where the
Constitution says that no appropriation shall be
made for a period more than two years ahead.
This House cannot appropriate money to defray
the expenses of the Army and Navy for more
than two current years. It is therefore a matter
which the framers of the Constitution supposed
it was of the utmost moment to hold the guardian-
ship and control over by this House.
I say then, if this be a legal appropriation of
the funds, then when there is an appropriation
for the coming fiscal year, the Secretary of War,
by appropriating that money, not to pay the ex-
pensesof the year for 1856and 1857,but by bring-
ing it back to pay the expenses of 1855 and 1856,
can double the whole military establishment of
the Union; and can double the cost and expenses
of the Army, and can apply all the proceeds con-
templated to be applied to the next fiscal year, to
such purposes as the Executive discretion may see
fit to apply the Navy and Army to in the course
i of this year. If that principle be once adopted,
then you are not appropriating $13,000,000 for
this, and §13,000,000 for the next year, but you
are appropriating $26,000,000 to be expended at
the discretion of the Executive and according to
his will, for such purposes as he, for any year,
sees fit to apply it to. It is precisely equivalent
to emancipating the Executive from the control
which the law fixes him under as to the purposes
and the terms for and at which the money is to
be^apphed according to the law. I wish, there-
! fore, to know, before I can be called upon to vote
j any one of these deficiencies, how much has been
I appropriated out of the money for this year to
' pay the expenses of the last year, and how much
remains now to be appropriated to meet the de-
! ficiencies of the accruing year; and until that be
1 furnished in some way, I do not see how it is
: possible for me to vote this large sum under the
head of " deficiencies."
'• ThK with the extensive movements of troops in the
i Fnt'-s of Tex.ib and California, and the Territories of New
, Mexico Oregon, Washington, Kansas and Nebraska, on
' arcotmt of the distuibed state of the Indians, will cause
• the apniopnatioiib for those item*, and pcihap* others, to
I t<iil far ,-lioU ot the wants of the servn-e for the year.
! u A laiife appiopnation tor defkiences will he required
; to enable"us to meet the wants ot the ecmce to the cloao
! of the year."
Mr. PHELPS. You are now reading the
, abstiact of the report. It would be better to read
, the report itself.
Mr. DAVIS. I am reading what I suppose to
: be the substance of it, merely for the purpose of
i saving time. I will read from the report of the
i Secretary of War:
uThe amount paid for transportation within and previous
to the fiscal year, so far as accounts have been received and
| examined, amounted to the enormous sum of $1,989,858 JO.
| The accounts to be received will increase the sum to at least
two millions of dollars. The appropnauon/or Iheyearwas-
$1,200,000; the greater part of wJuch excess of expenditure
over the appropriation is a charge upon the appropriation
for the present year
