324
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 31,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
argument was used to him, his answer was, "Sir,
every heart knows best its own griefs—I tee I it a
disgrace." So they all do, and thjy would not
have been worthy of their places if they did not
bo consider it.
Sir, we look upon devastation of any sort as
one of the cruelest sets of war. Here, this board,
under a misapprehension, a misconstruction of
duty—I say tliis, for I believe they were honor-
able men, and on any fair issue, properly made
up, I would trust my life or my honor to them—
but, under a false issue, under a Mse sense of
duty, under misdirection, they have been con-
ducted to this sad issue. The result speaks for
itself, and testifies its own enormity; no sophistry,
no argument, can evade the conclusion. They
have not only decimated, but they have decimated
over and over again their brother officers. The
whole number of officers in the Navy, before the
assembling of this board, was over seven hundred,
and they have stricken down two hundred. Sev-
enty would have been a decimation. They have
decimated them three times over. We should
have cried out against the cruelty of any nation
on earth which in time of war executed such a
judgment; yet in the heart of our own country it
is done.
I feel, Mr. President, and I know, that a ma-
jority of those with whom I am acquainted, who
have been turned out of the Navy by the action
of the board, are as brave ana as honorable
officers as there are in the United States. I would
as soon trust the honor and flag of my country
to their hands as to the hands of any citizens of
the United States. Under what notions have
they been sacrificed? Notions satisfactory, I
doubt not, to the honor and to the sense of duty
of the members of the board; but notions which
I think have been cruel in their effect and opera-
tion, and were altogether without the proper con-
sideration of the board. They have gone beyond
the limits of their jurisdiction. They have not
executed their powers within the law. They
have broken down all the barriers which were
intended to confine their power and jurisdiction.
I look on the whole proceeding as null and void.
It is, at best, a mere statutory proceeding, and
we can annul it. I look on the act of Congress,
(which I will say, in passing, I do not think is
unconstitutional,) and I look on the proceedings
which have taken place under it as the most
■weeping and extraordinary act of attainder that
ever was passed in any country. Mistaken as I
think it to be, I should forfeit every- sense of
justice, I should forfeit every sense of what I
owe to my fellow-men, and to the honor of my
country, and to the Navy of that country, if I
could, by my voice, with my convictions of duty,
sanction the doom which has been pronounced.
I will not do it. Under no circumstances what-
ever will I consent to do it. I will tell you, sir,
what I intend to do. I am not satisfied to vote
for the present resolutions. I will say to my
honorable friend from Georgia—if he will allow
me to call him so—that his resolutions would
meet my approbation if they could be passed
without any seeming imputation on the character
of the Committee on Naval Affairs; but I will
not do anything which, by the remotest implica-
tion, can cast any censure upon that honorable
committee. I do not like the resolutions, because
they are construed to be a censure on that com-
mittee. "When the bill which the committee have
reported shall come before us for consideration,
1 will move to strike out every sentence and
every letter of it after the enacting clause. I
shall not even retain the provision which provides
for the grade of admiral to be conferred on old
Commodore Stewart, that venerable patriot and
hero, as a sort of peace offering, 1 suppose.
What kind of a flag shall that old commodore
wear? Shall it be a funeral pall, as if grieving
over the fall of two hundred of his brethren, who
fell in the great battle with this board and the
Nary Department? or shall it be a white flag to
make peace, to quiet him, and, at the same time,
fetria of the cries of the more obscure two hun-
red, who are to sleep forever, forgotten hereafter
in the ignominious grave to which they have been
consigned ? Sir, I will not vote for any mockery
of that sort on this occasion. Besides, Commo-
dore Stewqjt is but a more eminent mstanct of
the injustice which has been done. The injustice
which has been done to the poor lieutenant is
just as great, and cries just as loudly for redress.
Shall we, tlie Senate of the United States, having
in our power the function of doing equal justice
to all men, quiet our consciences by voting to
confer the insignia of an admiral on Commodore
Stewart? No, sir. I am sincere; 1 am in earnest
in this matter; and no technicality, no formality
of reasoning shall turn me aside from the pur-
suit of that justice which I seek, to the uttermost
verge of senatorial power or congressional legis-
lation.
Sir, there are men petitioning Congress for
redress,.down whose cheeks I have seen the tears
trickle. In talking quietly in private chambers,
the tears have rolled down their weather-beaten
faces in narrating the stigma put upon them. They
are men who would, a thousand times, rather
shed their blood in the honorable service of their
country than have a tear bedew their cheek. I have
seen this. You cannot turn me aside from the pur-
suit of justice to these men by any argument of
the necessity of reform—by any abstract discus-
sion as to the power of the President, and the
exactness and irrepealability of injustice. I will"
not believe that justice is unattainable. Sir, while
there is a Senate of the United States, and while
there are men in it who have hearts, I will not
believe that justice cannot be done. I lament that
some of those whom I know have hearts, find
themselves, as I think, entangled in the meshes
of their own ingenuity, and incapable of rendering
that assistance to the cause of justice which nat-
urally belongs to their characters, and to their
magnanimity. I regret this; but for myself, in
my humble way, I mean to walk in the path
which I have marked out for myself.
My friend from Georgia will perceive the diffi-
culties which lie in the way of his resolution.
He has not merely to encounter all the inherent
difficulties of the subject itself, but he must per-
ceive the objection to taking it out of the hands
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and thus to
cast, though I am sure he does not intend to cast,
imputation or blame on them. I pass by this
consideration, and I hope he "will not press his
resolutions to a vote*now. Let us wait until the
bill of the Committee on Naval Affairs shall come
up for action.
As for the invective which it has pleased the
honorable gentleman from Georgia to turn a little
out of his way, as I think, to pronounce against
the American party, I will let that go, only sug-
gesting to the honorable gentleman that invec-
tives of that sort cannot penetrate the seven-fold
shield which guards the American heart of this
party. They fall pointless and harmless, broken
like rotten wood, at their feet, unworthy—alto-
gether unworthy of the noble hands of the hon-
orable Senator. Let him leave them for smaller
men to be thrown at different objects; five or six
hundred thousand of his own countrymen are
not fit subjects for raillery or obloquy here, on
their principles or on their character.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust my friend will allow
me to say that I made no disparagement of the
principles of the American party. I simply found
fault with their secrecy.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am very glad that
the gentleman has not found fault with their
principles.
Mr. IVERSON. Though I am opposed to
their principles, I did not comment upon them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am for their prin-
ciples, and I intend to defend them whenever
they are attacked here.
Mr. IVERSON. I made no attack upon them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have extended my
remarks further than I had any idea of doing
when I rose, and I shall conclude with a single
additional observation.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Smdxll] has thought proper to speak in the
harshest terms of one of the memorialists before
this body, who complains of injustice in having
been stricken from the rolls of the Navy. Con-
sider the condition of all these men. They are
catching at every straw. They find themselves
thrown overboard far at sea, rari nantes in eurgite
vasto; they are catching at everything right and
left. They heard that ComiQodore Perry, a mem-
ber of the board—a man justly celebrated and
eminent, as I have the honor to acknowledge
from personal acquaintance as well as from his-
torical reputation—had denounced and condemned
the proceedings of the board. What so natural
as that they should look to every word that fell
from him as a word of hope and expectation ?
Was it not the most natural thing in the world ?
Was it not honorable to Commodore Perry that
his compeers, the officers who had served with
him and under him, should now look up to every
word that falls from his lips as a word of tempo-
ral salvation ? Is it a matter of reproach that
they should construe those words too liberally ?
Commodore Perry stated, in his letter, which has
been read, that every person who had been inju-
riously affected by the board would, he hoped,
have an opportunity of full information and ex-
planation. What was more natural, then, but
that these men should suppose that he meant
everything which was necessary for their cause-
that he was their friend, that he did not concur
in the sentence which had consigned them to
ignominy ? What so natural as that they should
put too strong a construction, as it seems has been
put, on the letter in a newspaper article written,
it is said, in this city ?
Mr. SLIDELL. With the permission of my
friend from Kentucky, I desire to state that Mr.
Bartlett, in his communication to the Herald, pre-
tended to give an extract from a letter written by
Commodore Perry, which was totally different
from what Commodore Perry had really written.
I alluded to it, not because he had misconstrued
that letter, but because he assumed to make a
statement of facts which was not true, and the
evidence of the falsehood was palpable on the
record.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, sir, it seems to me
to be a charitable construction, and of course we
must suppose that the officer was quoting from
memory. He had read the letter with hope and
joy. It was like a reprieve to a prisoner under
sentence of death. He might naturally say to
himself: " Here is one of my judges, the highest
among them, highest in fame, highest in reputa-
tion, who does not approve of the proceedings
of the board." He read the letter probably with
this exultant feeling. A week or ten days after-
ward, nursing it in his mind, nursing it in his
memory, it being the very hope of his heart, he
undertakes to give what he calls an extract from
it. He states what he considers to be the sub-
stance, and gives it in his own words. This may
have been very indiscreet, very improper, but I
submit to the honorable Senator from Louisiana
himself—I would prefer no other judge—whether,
situated as this man was, his conduct, even if ha
wrote the newspaper letter, or furnished the mate-
rials for it, is not susceptible of an interpretation
more mild than that affixed to it to-day ? I think
there is no gentleman here who would temper
these things more carefully and more deliber-
ately than the honorable Senator himself.
Mr. SLIDELL. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky asks of me a qwestion, and I really feel
very reluctant to answer it; but I desire to be
frank, and therefore I shall reply freely. If this
letter had been unconnected with anything else;
if I had not had very recent occasion, in the pro-
cess of an investigation which is not yet com-
pleted before the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
judge of Lieutenant Bartlett's conduct, I might,
perhaps, have arrived at a more charitable con-
clusion; but there are other circumstances con-
nected with Lieutenant Bartlett's position and
career in the Navy, which have induced me to
draw this very harsh construction—that he did
not err from mistake, but intentionally. I wish
to be frank; and as the question has been asked
of me, I will say that I believe it was not a mis-
take on the part of Mr. Bartlett, but a gross mis-
representation, deliberately made.
Mr. HOUSTON, will the Senator from
Louisiana please repeat the epithets which ha
applied to Mr. Bartlett ? I did not hear them.
Mr. SLIDELL. Upon my word I do not rec-
ollect them; but I have no objection to giving th«
substance of what I said.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want the literal expression.
Mr. SLIDELL. I cannot pretend now to give
exactly what I said; but I expressed my belief
