THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
few moments since, he stated that if he had been,
here when the bill was acted upon, his vote would
have been for it. I, therefore, change my vote
from ay to no.
Mr. DOWDELL. I change my vote on that
statement back to no.
Mi\ PENNINGTON. Under those circum-
stances, I vote ay.
The result of the vote was then announced, as
recorded above.
NATHANIEL P. BANKS.
Mr. BALL. I offer the following resolution,
and upon it I demand the previous question:
Resolved, That Nathaniel- P. Banks, of .Massachusetts,
bp, and be is hereby, declared Speaker of this House lor the
Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. KELLY. I desire to offer a substitute
for that resolution.
The CLERK. It is not in order to do so now,
as the previous question has been demanded.
Mr. KELLY. Then I give notice, that if the
pending resolution is voted down,! shall here-
after offer the following:
Resolved, That William Aiken, of South Carolina, be,
and he is het-cby, elected Speaker of tins House, lor the
Tlurty-Foutth Congress.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put. .
Mr. JONE^ of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays on the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Ball.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 103, nays 315; as
follows:
YEAS—"Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Baihour, Ifoniy
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnijlmrst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bradshaw, Kreriton, Burlington, Buthngamo, Jam*1-* II.
Campbell, Lewis I). Campbell, Chaflco, E/.ia Claik, Clnw-
son, Colfax, Coming Covode, Crugiri, Cuuibaek, DiUim.-lt,
TimothyDavn, f)ay, Dean, be Witt, Dick, Oick&ou-, Dodd,
Durfee, Gdie, Flagler,Galloway,Gidding*,Oilhen,Granger,
Grow, .Robert B. Hall, Harlan, llolloway, Thomas R. Mor-
ton, Ilowaid, Kel>ey, King, Knapp, KrrighU Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, "Loiter, Mace, Matteson, xMeCarty, Meaeh-
am,K.iHian Miller, Moigan, Morrill, Mott, Mimay^ichol.;,
Notion, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearee, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Porry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Pmviance, Ritchie, .bob-
bins, Roberts, Sabm. Sago, Sapp, Sheiman, Simmon,•,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappun,Thorington, Tnurs-
ton, Todd, Traiton, Tyson, Wade, YVal bridge, Waldron,
Cadwalador C. Waslibume, Fllibu B. Wa--bbunio, foiaei
Washburn, Watbon, Weieli, Wood, Woodiuff, and VVood-
woith—1(W.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, B.ircJay, fJarksdalr, Bell,
IFendlcy S. Bennett, Bocoek, Bowie, Hoyee, Branch,
Brooks, Bioom, Burnett, Cadwa!adf,r, John "P. Campbell,
Carli!e,Cdiuihers, Ca.-due, Bayard Clark, Chnjjman, Mowll
Cobb, Williamson R. W Cobb, Cox, Crawford, CuSlen,
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn,
Edmunclson, Elliott, English, Ethoridge, Eustis, 13van«,
Florence, Foster, Ileniy M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
(ioode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J Morrison fLinw,
Sampson W. Harris? Thomas L. Hairis, Tlariison, Haven,
HetberL, Hickman, Uoilman, Houston, JeWett, Geoigo W.
Jones, J. (Jhmey Jones Kelly, Konnett, KidWell, Lake,
Letcher. Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander K.Marshall, Hum-
phrey IVlir*hall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMulhn,
MeCAueen, Smith MiJh'r, Million, Millward, Moore, Mor-
deeai Oliver, Orr, Pume, Peek, Phelps, Porter, Powell,
Puryear, (imtman, Reade, Readv, Rieaud, itiehaidson,
Rivers, Rutlin, Bust, Sandulge, Savage, Srott, Shoiter,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sn"-;d,
Stephen.-, Stewart, Swopj, Talhotr,Trippf, Underwood,
Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkms Wells, Wheeler,
Whitney, Williams, Win.slovv, Daniel B. Wnght, John V.
Wright, and Zolheoffer—115.
So the resolution was rejected.
WILLIAM AIKEN.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I have been endeav-
oring, during the entire day, to obtain the floor,
and i trust that that endeavor will be regarded as
commendable by all who may hear the proposi-
tion that I shall present. I think I can do it now
with the utmost propriety, since my honorable
file-leader, the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] has, this morning, in a manner, parted
from the Democratic caucus, in submitting the
name of a very worthy gentleman to the consid-
eration of the House, as its Speaker during the
present Congress. I have been anxious for several
days to try an experiment. That experiment may
fail, and it is quite likely that it will fail; but still,
as I <am one of the few members upon this floor s
(perhaps I might say there were many of them)
who desire an organization of this House, it is
my duty, at least, to make every endeavor, and
submit every proper and plausible plan that 1 can
suggest, to effect that object.
I- am not one of those who believe that this
House ought- not to be organized; nor am I one
of those who believe, as some have represented",
that the Administration party is the one most
directly interested in the organization of the
House. I am satisfied, as a member of that party,
that they are not. Our Government, sir, can go
on without an organization of this House until
the next presidential election. There is no fear
about that.
But there are other considerations which are,
perhaps, of sufficient importance to be alluded to
on this occasion. The country feels some inter-
est in the organization of this House; and a fail-
ure on our part to 'organize would effect, in a
pecuniary point of view, almost every individual
before the 4th of March, 1857, which, I believe,
is the time when we may expect to adjourn if we
do not organize. I had hoped, then, that that
object would" have been effected when my worthy
friend from Tennessee presented, for the consid-
eration of this House, a gentleman every way
wortliy and well qualified, and 1 believe I can
almost vouch for him. [A laugh.} 1 recollect,
to have heard, in times past, of a certain army,
or of certain individuals, attempting to pass a cer-
tain place by giving a particular word. The true
word, if I am well informed, was "Shibboleth,"
and those who did not understand the word prop-
erly and pronounced it "Sibboleth," were all
destroyed. Now, perhaps, the difficulty of my
friend from Tennessee was the same as that of
those individuals. He arose here with a com-
mendable objcct, and I thank him kindly for
giving me an opportunity of following in his
illustrious footstep's. I could say much of that
gentleman. ILs diatiict adjoins mine, and my
people think that abetter man does not exist than
the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jo>jks.] If. then, I follow in his footsteps on this
occasion, no charge can he laid at my door for
pursuing such a course. But the gentleman got
up and said that he had an " olive-branch " to
oifur. Perhaps, like those men of old to whom I
have referred, he mispronounced the thing, and
should have said that he had an " Guver " branch
to oiler, and that may account for his failure.
Now, sir, I come with an olive-branch—a true
olive-branch; and, as some who have watched
my course on former occasions know, when we
ore in trouble and difficulty I have always such
a branch to carry. If I shall succeed in convinc-
ing this House that we can now organize under
the proposition which I shall present, I shall have
done much,'and shall feel perfectly satisfied that
this day has not been spent in vain.
Then the inquiry is: <k What are you going to
present?" I have always heard persons who
read novels say that the wisest plan is to keep
the best for the last; and perhaps- upon this oc-
casion T have kept the best for the last. I am
about to submit, for the consideration of thid
House the name of a gentleman whose private
life has not a blot upon it—the name of a gentle-
man whose Democracy is undoubted—the name,
South Americans, of a- gentleman who has not
been in the Democratic caucus since I have been
a member of the Democratic party. I appeal,
then, to you. You seem to have objected to some
gentlemen only because they were the nominees
of the Democratic party. Are you frank, are
you honest in the declarations that you have been
making here and sending forth to the whole coun-
try daily, that you are willing to vote for a mem-
ber of our party who has not been trammeled by
the nomination of the Democratic caucus ? The
future will show whether you were honest in those
declarations. I do not ofter this resolution simply
to try the strength of my worthy friends. I do
it because I am thoroughly convinced that if a
majority of the House can center upon the gen-
tleman named in it, a better man they never will
find, nor one who will discharge the high duties
of Speaker of the House of Representativeawith
more fidelity, or with a greater degree of the dig-
nity that becomes an American statesman. I
tender the olive-branch, and I trust it will be ac-
cepted. Id is always best to join hands together,
as American people. Let us join, and do the
work which we were sent here to do, and fill up
the measure of our duties by bringing the country
into, and leaving it in, a healthy condition.
Mr. COBB. I present my resolution, and upon
it demand the previous question.
The resolution was reported, as follows:
Resolved, That the Hon. William Aiken, a Represent-
ative from South Carolina, be, and he is hereby, chosen
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. ORR.. I hope the House will indulge me
a moment.
The CLERK. If there is no objection the
gentleman will proceed.
Mr. COBB. I believe I have the floor.
The CLERK. The time of the gentleman from
Alabama has expired.
Mr. COBB. Did the Clerk recognize me as
having demanded tjie previous question ?
The CLERK. The gentleman moved the pre-
vious question in time.
Mi*; PAINE. ' I wish to ask the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] if he rises to make
a personal explanation?
Mr. ORR. I desire to say, in reference to the
resolution offered by the gentleman frcftn Ala-
bama, proposing to declare my colleague [Mr.
Aiken] Speaker of the House, that it meets with
my entire approval,and I trust it may be adopted
by a majority of the members of this body.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to lay
that " onve branch" upon the ta„ble.
Mr. YALK. The yeas and nays upon that
motion.
Mr. DUNN. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. PAINE. I desire to put a question to the'
gentleman from South Carolina.
The CLERK. Debate is not in order on the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. DUNN. T withdraw the motion.
The yeas and nays were then ordered upon the
motion to lay the resolution upon the table.
The question was then taken, with the follow-
ing result—yeas 98, nays 117; as follows:
VEAS—Mebsre. Albright, Allison, Banks, Baibour, Bar-
clay, Henry .Bennett, Benson,Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss,
BracMiaw, Brenton, Buffington, Burlingarne, James II.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaftee, Ezia Clark,Claw-
sou, Cohav, Coinins, Oovode, Ciagin, Oullen, Cumbaek,
J)ann ell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Vtatt, Dick, Dirk-
son, Dndd, Durfee, Edie, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gil-
bert. Granger, Gioiv, llobcrt 1). Hall, Hailan, Hickman,
Ilolloway, Thomas R. Hortou, Ilowaid, Keteoy, Iving,
Knnpp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Matte-
son, .MeCaity, Kiliian jYIiller, Moigaii, Mornll, Mott, Mur-
lay, Nouon, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearee, I'elton.'Pcriy,
Potu^Pjke, Prinjrle, Purvianoe, Ritchie, Robbing Robeits,
Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton,
Huanaliun,Tappan, Thoiington,Thurston, Todd, Tiatton,
Wailindge, Waidton, Cadwaladci C\ Wa.diburne, Ellihu B.
Wa^hbutno, Israel Wa^hbutn, Watson, Welch, Wood,
W°odruft,an(! Woodwoitli—98.
NAYS —Messrs. Alien, Ball, Barksdale,Bell, HendlevS.
Bennett, Bnhop, Kocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks,
Bioom, Burnett, Cadv/.ilader, John P. Campbell, Oarhle,
Ouiutbcis, Caskie, Bayard Claik, Clmgman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson It. W. Cobb,Cox, Crawford, Davidson, Henry
Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmuwlson, El-
liott," English, Eiheudge, EuUis, Evans, Florence, Foster,
Henry AI. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, J. Monison Harris, Sampson W. ISams,
Thomas L. Havri?, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hoffman,
Houston,Jowett,Geoi^e W.Jones, J. GlancyJones, Kelly,
ivennott, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lmdloy, Lumpkin,
Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey MaishalJ, Samuel
S. IVIaiohall, Maxwell, McMullin, Mcuuecn, Moaeham,
Smith Miller, Malison, Nichols, Moid«eai Oliver. Orr,
Paine, Peck, Pennington, Phelps, Potter, Powell. Puryear,
Quitman,lleaJe, Ready, Rieaud, Richard>on, Kivers, Ruf-
fin, ltiwf, Sandidge, Savage. Scott, Shoiter, Samuel A.
Sm.'h, William Smith, Wilham il. Smith, Snecd, Stephens,
Stewa<f. Swope, Talbott, Tripp.%Tyson,Underwood,'Vail,
Valk, Wade, Walker, Warner, Watkms, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitney, WiJliain>, Winslow, Daiuci B. Wii^ht, John V.
Wright, and Zolhroffer—117.
Pending the call,
Mr. MEACHAM (when his name was called)
said: In order to give a direct vote upon the prop-
osition, I vote no.
The CLERK. The previous question has been
demanded. Is there a second ?
Several Members. I second it.
Mr. LAKE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. PAINE. Is a remark in order ?
The CLERK. It is not.
Mr. PAINE. I inquire if the main question
has been ordered?
The CLERK. It has not; but there is a sccond
to the demand for the previous question, and
debate is out of order.
The question being, " Shall the main question
be now put?" it was taken, and decided in the
affirmative.
The CLERK". The main question is on the
adoption of the resolution.
