1934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
for military defense—it would be a clear case;
but if we asked them to do that originally, and
made that a foundation for another appropria-
tion, I should doubt our right to an appropria-
tion. I suppose the Government did not of its
own option go and make the first appropriation
of $7,000 for Dubuque. I presume the energetic
and thorough-going Delegate from that Territory
urged it, and got it through. The good feeling
that was extended to him, and the confidence in
his opinions, enabled him to get it; and then came
another and another appropriation; and each
time you touched the landmgyou made it worse,
and I suppose that each time you ever touch it
again you will make it worse, and there never
will be an end of these appropriations. This
thing of improving landings for towns is a per-
petual business; it never ceases. You have to
get your landings at every river town each year,
as long as time shall roil around, if this system
continues.
While our friends at St. Louis were getting their
large amounts of money from us to make a land-
ing accessible for a steamboat, they charged steam-
boats from three dollars to five or ten dollars
every time they landed against it. I suppose our
friends at Dubuque charge the steamboats for
landing there every time they stop.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. We do not charge the
Government boats.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But you charge every steam-
boat that runs on that river for landing against
this very quay which you arc making accessible
by public money. In other words, we make an
improvement for them to collect tolls on. Now,
I should like to know why the moneys collected
at that landing from steamboats stopping against
it,should not be expended in making the landing ?
There is not a town on all the western waters that
does not collect tolls or tonnage duties, or wharf-
age duties—I care not for the name—fioiu every
boat that touches it. It is the case at Cincinnati,
Louisville, Pittsburg, St. Louis, Memphis, New
Orleans, Dubuque, Ctuincy—every when* the boat
touches the town officer conies out and says,
" Here, I want toll for landing against our quay."
Now why should not that money make your
landing? Why collect money out of theTreasury
of the United States to make landings for little
towns, and then allow the towns to collect tolls and
apply the money for their own purposes.
My opinion is, that this system will not hold
water. I think it is not defensible on any princi-
ple of public policy. I am sorry the question
arises onacase presented by my friend from Iowa,
but J cannot, in conscience, vote for hi? appropri-
ation after the means which i have had to observe
the workings of this plan.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 am very glad that this point
is touched upon; for it discloses what 1 did not
know before. I recollect thai, th" other day, my
friend from Missouri |j\Ir. Geyi',xi] contended ih.it
the reason why it should exclusively devolve on
the Federal Government to make appropuations
for the improvement of the Mississippi river and
its tributaries was, that a Slate or a combination
of States might impose tolls m such a way as to
interfere with the freedom of navigation. As I
understood him, that was his proposition. Now
it appears to be the usage to collect tolls. It is a
part of the plan to get, our money to make an
improvement, and then charge everybody that
uses it. That is about the proposition. They cull
it ii wharfage," and they call tins a "harbor."
Can you, by a change of name, bring anything
within the sphere of legislation? 1 ask my friend,
[Mr. Pfgh, j if he were to issue a writ of assump-
sit inside, and mark it trover outside, would that
make it trover ? No. sir. When I get at the facts,
this is to benefit and improve the local residences
of gentleman—absolutely to improve the real
es'ate of Duhucjue—by taking our money to cut
out the channel, and then charge us for it. They
say they do not charge the Government. The
improvement is for the benefit of their commerce,
and they ought to be glad to have everybody go
there without paying toll. The other day, 1 was
told by the honorable Senator from Missouri, that
it would be unconstitutional for any number of
States to enter into a league to collect tolls from
ships or vessels going up and down the Missis-
sippi; now^I understand u is a common habit.
Air. PUGH. The Senator is mistaken. They
do not charge for navigating the river; they do
not charge for touching tbe wharf; but for stay-
ing at the wharf for a certain length of time.
Mr. BUTLER. Is there such a thing as a
whole city charging for wharfage ? Do not indi-
viduals have their own wharves? That is the
case with us.
Mr. PUGH. So it is with us; and they do
charge for them.
Mr, DOUGLAS. It is claimed, I think, by
our western people, that the right of wharfage,
even on individual property, belongs to the city,
and not to the individuals. If I own a wharf lot
the local government collects tolls for landing
against my lot; I may collect additional ones if I
can, but they get their wharfage for landing, be-
cause, they say, the landing belongs to the town
and the money collected must go into the town
treasury.
Mr. BUTLER. I merely wish to call attention
to this flagrant inconsistency. At one time my
friend from Missouri contends that it is uncon-
stitutional for a number of States to undertake to
control the navigation of the Mississippi, because
they cannot impose tolls; and here I understand
it is the common habit to do it, and they contend
they have a right to do it. Well, sir, if one State
has the right to do it, two States have the right,
and five States might agree to do the same thing.
I am told it is nothing but wharfage. That is
what I call an argument of refuge behind a name.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made yesterday as in Com-
mittee of the Whole was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time. On its passage,
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken resulted—
yeas 12, nays 29; as follows:
YIOAS—Mcssk. Oollamer, Dodjje, Foot, Foster, Geyer,
Ilaiian, James, Jones of Lovva, Seward, Wade, Wilson,
ami Wu^ht—14.
NAVri— Mosms. Jioil of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee. Bi<™^, Biglei, ilnsht, KiorUiL'ud, Brown, Butler,
ra-N, Clay, CintfiulPii, Douglas, Fey^euden, Fit/.patnek,
Houston, Hunter, Ivoi-jou, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory,
Ma^on, Pearee, Pusyh, Reid, Slidell, Stuart, Toombs, Ti um-
bull, Weiiei, and Yulee—*29.
So the bill was rejected.
HARBOR OF MICHIGAN CITY.
The bill (S. No. 153) to continue the improve-
ment of the harbor of Michigan City, Indiana, .
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It appropriates $19,000
for the hnrbor of Michigan City, Indiana.
Mr. HUNTER. If there is any report in that
case, 1 should like to hoar it. Iiow much has
been expended, and what will it take to finish
the work ? I think this is one of the cases refer-
red to by the Senator from Illinois, in which the
sand filled up as fast as it was taken away.
The bill was leported to the Senate without
amend ment.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand there is no re-
port and no estimate.
Mr. CASS. There have been detailed esti-
mates year jfter year.
Mr. MASON. In the absence of information
on this subject, which is very manifest, I move
to lay the bill on the table; and ask for the yeas
and nays.
Mr, STUART. Here is the information.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CASS. I can state from my own knowl-
edge, officially and personally, that there have
l)€ en appropriations for this harbor for many
years. I think it was among the earliest works.
It was a difficult position m the point of the lake
which was the mostdangerous on Lake Mich i^an.
Vessels ran aground there all the tune,and itwas
exceedingly difficult to get out. At first an effort
was made to make the harbor at the mouth of
the creek, .md then there was an effort for a break-
water; and year after year an estimate has been
made, and appropriations made, and the work is
going on. I understand that now there is a pretty
good harbor.
Mr. HUNTER. I may be mistaken, but f
thought the Senator from Illinois said the other
day that the sand accumulated as fast as we re-
moved it, and the money was thrown away.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator is mis-
taken with respect to the present state of the
woik. It is one of the most necessary works on
all the lakes. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois will agree with'me in that. I think there i&
a tolerable access to the harbor for vessels now.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was not aware that I al-
luded to Michigan City in my remarks the other
day. I did not intencl to allude to it. It was
i New Buffalo of which I spoke. There is no
| point on the whole of Lake Michigan where a
I harbor of refuge is more necessary than at Michi-
gan City—the very head of the lake. I will say,
furthermore, that I have groat doubt myself
whether the sand will not fill it up, and whether
you can make a harbor. My private opinion,
which I did not intend to express if it had not
been drawn out, is, that you will never succeed
in making it. My opinion is, also, that there is
no point where a harbor of refuge is more needed
than Michigan City.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Illinois has
anticipated in part what I intended saying. Thi.y
is the only harbor within the limits of the StaU
of Indiana, and is a most important point.
Whether it can be made, with all the money thai
j we can appropriate, such a refuge for vesselsas
i is needed, is an open question, and I am willing
to admit is somewhat uncertain, but 1 contend
that it is the duty of the General Government to
try. The importance of the point can be ascer-
tained by looking at the reports from time to time
made by different officers, who have, under the
order of Congress, made surveys and reports upon
our lake navigation. We have already spent
about one hundred thousand dollars. The amount
here proposed to be given is entirely insufficient.
It should be $50,000; and if I felt sure the Senate
would second the effort, I should move to increase
the amount, for the reason that I do not believe
$20,000 will be of any material service I will,
sir, with a view of getting at the sense of the
Senate, move to increase the amount to $57,300,
being the amount last estimated fur, and necessary
to place the work in the condition that the wants
of commerce demand.
Mr. CLAY. I have the estimates furnished by
the local agent, Mr. Bowes, upon which this re-
port was made to the Senate, and the sum which
the Senator from Indiana asks is very far from
being adequate to the completion of the work.
Mr. Bowes's estimate, made in 1853, was, that it
would require $301,000 to complete the work.
One hundred thousand doll-irs, it is manifest, will
not complete it if lie be conect in his estimate.
Mr. BRIGHT. I was in the chair when the
question as to Mr. Bowes's capacity and capa-
bility for this service was raised, and I will now
do what I ought to have done then. I know Mr.
Bowes. He is a constituent of mine; a highly
intelligent gentleman. He is a graduate of West
Point, and has been connected with public works
for many years past; has been stationed at the
point proposed to be improved by this bill, Michi-
gan City, and during his service has been engaged
in superintending other improvements under the
direction of the Secretary of War. There is no
gentleman with whom I am acquainted, connected
with this branch of the public service, in whose
integrity and judgment 1 have more confidence.
I am quite sure that, when the Senator from Ala-
bama alluded to Mr. Bowes in a former debate,
he did not know anything of the character and
standing of the gentleman of whom he spoke, or
he would not have alluded to Mr. Bowes in the
manner he did.
Mr. President, this appropriation is not in-
tended to build up a harbor for commercial pur-
poses. It is not to benefit Michigan City. It is
not for the purpose of increasing the commerce
on the lakes, but it is intended, as the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] has said, and knows
|l very well, as a harbor for refuge. There is, per-
il haps, no point on the lake east of Chicago more
important than Michigan City; and the interest-
ing feature in this case is to ascertain whether,
with the appropriation of any sum of money, a
harbor of safety can be made here, or whether,
as suggested by the Senator from Illinois, the
1 constant action of the water will not throw the
sand in to such an extent as to prevent making
the channel deep enough for any length of time
to receive the vessels that navigate the lake. The
judgment of Mr. Bowes, and others, who have
made the necessary examinations at this point,
is, that a good and safe hg-bor can be made by
extending the pier into the lake, as they are now
doing. If I were left to the dictates of my own
