1060
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 29,
I also read a letter from the Secretary of War
to the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means on this subject.
War Department,
Washington, February 29, ]8.>6.
Sir : I have the honor to transmit herewith a communi-
cation from the Quartermaster General of the Arm}7, stating
that the appropriations for his department are nearly ex-
hausted, and that further appropriations will be needed to
defray expenses during the remainder of the current fiscal
year. The estimates upon which the appropriations for the
current year were made were prepared in November, 1834 ;
and since that time events not then anticipated have oc-
curred, requiring extensive movements of uoops, and an un-
neual expenditure of quartet master's stores and other prop-
erty: the principal of these have been the Indian hostilities
on the western plains, and in the Teintories of Oiegon and
VCashmgton.
I have, therefore, to request that appropriations, applica-
ble to the service of the current fiscal year be made for
the following objects, as recommended by the Quartermas-
ter General, viz:
For regular supplies in the Quartermaster's de-
partment  ^160,000
For barracks, quarters, and store-houses  100,000
For incidental expenses  180,0U0
For mileage to officers    60,000
For transportation of the Aimy  1,000,000
Total $1,800,000
The particular objects for which these appropriations aie
intended will be found minutely detailed in the last Aimy
appropriation act, of March 3,1855. Statutes, pages 636
and 637.
Very respectfully, yoor obedient servant,
JEFF'N DAVIS,
Secretary of War.
Hon. L. P. Campbell, Chairmim Committee of Ways and
Means, House Representatives.
Quartermaster General's OrrrcE,
Washington, Felrruanj 527, 1S56.
Sir: The appropriations for the quaitermaster's depart-
ment will all be exhausted before the middle of next month.
The numerous and lapid movements which the troop-i weie
required to make during the la&t fiscal year caused an
expenditure for transportation greatly exceeding the appro-
priation for that year, and became acliaige upon the appro-
priation for the present year. 1 estimate the deficiency in
the appropriation for transportation the last year at about six
hundred thousand dollars. The great increase in the puce
of forage caused the cxpendituiop, on that account, to ex-
ceed the appropriation lor tne yeai. The chaige upon the
appropriation for forage, for the prcscn! yeai, J estimate at
$200,000.
In addition to these deficiencies in the la^t year, then;
has been a greatly increased expendmne caused'bv the In-
dian hostilities, and the active operations winch it ha? been
necessaiy to carry on against them, m the States of Caiiior-
ma and Florida, and the Temtoriesof Oiecon, Washington,
Kansas, and Nebraska. These operations weie not ex-
pected, and were not piovided lor in the estimate* pie^entei!
to CongiCM*, on which the appropiiauons tor the pirscnt
year were made.
From fifteen to eighteen hundred thousand dollars will he
necessary to carry the depaitment thiough tne year. A
consideiablo sum. will also bo requited to leimbm^e ex-
penses bem^ meuried on account ot militia and volimteeis
called into service. 1 have received no estimate of the pmb-
ablc expense inclined, o> bemsj uicui ted ; but, funn the eoi-
ro'-pondenee of office! f,cmn? on the Pacific and m New
Mexico, I am sine the expcndilmc to be piovided for will
he considerable.
As the time bar neailv arnvod wlien preparation.' Flumld
be made for the opeiations of the next season, I rcjpeet-
fully recommend that application he made fo; an appiopiui-
tion at as uarh a period a^ possible; and I have the hdhoi
to be, sir, jour obedient sen ant.
THOMAS P. JE£*rP,
Quartermaster llcncral.
I wish to call the attention of gentlemen to the
way in which our officers read Congress lectures
as to the mode in winch they are to conduct the
fiublic business. Wc had here on Friday last a
ong series of precedents eited as something to
control the coursc of tins House in the- construc-
tion of its money bills. It appears now, thut tiie
officers of the \Var Department have converted
themselves into a set of critics. They sneer at
the policy of this House in the expenditures of the
public money, and at the purposes to which it
chooses to apply it. And I suppose we shall be
called upon to light a double battle, with the peo-
ple on one side, and with the executive officers
on the other, when wc are called upon to pass on
some of the steamship appropriations. Our
resources had bettor be applied thus," says this
official, {C than m building up steam corporations
on the ocean on the silly pretext of strengthening
our Navy for war.'*' That is the phrase which
the head of the quartermaster's department sees
fit, in his wisdom, and m his modesty, to apply
to the appropriations made by this House to
place the American nation on a footing of equality,
and to enable u to compete with the great Powers
on the waters. Wo are informed that we had
better—in the opinion of this official—go to our own
western conntry and build railroads across it than
to waste our money on the " silly" pretext of
building up a power upon the ocean. Allow me
to say, sir, that this remark is the fit sequel to the
style in which this House has been berated in the
other end of the Capitol, and has been berated on
this floor, and has been required to make the con-
struction of its laws according to the judgment of
its subordinate officials; until now we do not even
wait to be berated by the occupant of the White
House, but his subordinate officials come here
criticising the mode in which Congress has seen
fit to appropriate its funds to the great purposes
which Congress supposes will be of most interest
to the people of the country. When that sort of
spirit prevails, it is exceedingly natural that the
money which we have appropriated for purposes
which wc have seen fit to designate, should be
turned off from those purposes, and applied to
carry on war at the will of the Executive, accord-
ing to his discretion, and beyond the limits to
which the expenditure authorized by this House
would permit him to go.
Now, sir, I am for protecting our fellow-citi-
zens on the western borders. My honorable
friend from Oregon [Mr. Lane] can make no ap-
peal on this subjcct to which I will not respond.
Whatever amount of expenditure will be shown
to be necessary for that purpose shall meet my
hearty concurrenco by voice and vote. But when
j we are called upon to foot bills which have been
j already incurred, and to pay expenses which
J have been illegally contracted, then I insist that
j the point at which legal expenditure stops and
} illegal expenditure begins shall be marked out on
! the official documents, so that this House and the
: country may know what was the grave and im-
pending necessity, what the great political neces-
sity, which coerced our Executive to transgress
the limits of law for the purpose of protecting
the Republic. I do not want to have it shuffled
over m the mode in which it in shuffled over in
thin report, as a manner of ordinary dealing with
the funds of the Government, not looking to the
fact that, according to the statement here, the
money for one fiscal year has been appropriated
to meet deficiencies and expenses incurred in an-
other iiscal year. If they have been appropriately
expended and necessarily applied to proper pur-
poses, it was the duty of the Executive, when lie
came to this House, to render an account of that
supervening and irresistible necessity which re-
quired lum. totiansgress the limits of the law. I
desire to hold him to that responsibility which is
the ultimate responsibility in the country—the
responsibility of public opinion, the responsibil-
ity which will remove from office men who thus
violate the lows of the Republic.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Missouri by including
therein the twenty-sixth amendment of the Sen-
ate, to add to it the following: *' and also that the
House recede from its non-i oncunence in the
twenty-sixth amendment."' That is the amend-
ment for continuing tin1 work on the Washington
aqueduct, and on that motion I call for the previous
question.
Mr. COVODE. I wish to call the attention
of the House to the fact that there is no provision
made for securing the water to the Government,
neither is there any arrangement for the purchase
of the property.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 suppose, Mr. Speaker, we
can have a division on the difleient amendments.
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Tha previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question being on Mr. Cahltle's amend-
ment,
Mr. KEL3EY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] that
as the House has once expressed its deliberate
opinion upon these amendments, and as the
Senate has insisted upon them, and asked for a
committee of conference, and as this bill has to
go to a committee of conference before it can be
finally disposed of, it seems to me it would be
well, by way of saving time, for the House to
insist upon its former disagreement, and appoint
a committee of conference. Where is the ne-
cessity of consuming time by repeating these votes
which the House has already taken upon concur-
ring in these amendments of the Senate? If it
meets the views of the gentleman from Missouri,
I would suggest that the House insist upon its
disagreement to the amendments of the Senate,
and allow a committee of conference to be ap-
pointed.
The SPEAKER. That course can now only
be taken by unanimous consent.
Mr. COfeB. If there is no objection it would
save much time.
Mr. CARLILE. T object, and call for a vote
upon my amendment.
The }<pas and nays were ordered upon Mr.
Carlile's amendment.
Mr. CARLILE. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Missouri is willing to withdraw his
motion if I will withdraw my amendment. If
that be so, I am willing to withdraw it.
Mr. SEWARD. I object, and want the vote
taken. I am opposed to these committees of
conference.
Mr. COBB. If my colleague will allow me, t
will appeal to him not to insist upon his objec-
tion. If the Hbuse adopts the amendments*
which it is now proposed to adopt, a committee
of conference will still have to be appointed
upon the remaining disagreeing votes of the two
Houses. My sole object is to save the consump-
tion of one or two hours in calling the yeas and
nays upon questions upon which the Mouse has
already voted by yeas and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. I insist upon my objection,
because I do not consider two or three hours'
time of as much consequence as two or three mil-
lion dollars. If I could have any assurance that
we could have a fair committee of conference, I
might waive my objection.
Mr. CARLILE. The Speaker will give us
that.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not mean to impugn the
motives of the Speaker in the least; but, as a mat-
ter of courtesy, the committee of conference will,
of course, be selected from the Committee of
Ways and Means; and, as they have reported in
favor of these amendments, they will be very
likely to back up their own report.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 will then withdraw my
objection.
No further objection being made, Mr. Phelps
withdrew his motion to rccede.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move now that
the House insist upon its former disagreement,
and that a committee of conference be appointed
to meet the committee on the pait of the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Would it be in
order to move to amend that motion by instruct-
ing the committee of conference to adhere to that
disagreement ?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order to
move to amend in that form.
The motion that the House insist upon its
former disagreement was agreed to.
The House then adopted the further motion
that a committee of conference be appointed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of proceed-
ing with the consideration of the Indian appro-
priation bill.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would submit
to the House whether it would not be well, inas-
much as the day is pietty well advanced, for the
House to allow the Committee on Public Lands
to report back the bill of this House, with the
amendments of the Senate, in regard to the evi-
dence to be presented in applications for bounty
land. There are a great many cases now pend-
ing in which widows and orphans are concerned,
who cannot very well afford to wait. I under-
stand that the Committee on Public Lands are
ready to report, and I would suggest whether it
would not be well to have the bill reported and
disposed of to-day. 1 understand that there are
every day cases suspended at the Pension Office
awaiting the action of this House upon this
bill.
Mr. WALBRIDGE and others objected.
Mr. BRENTON. I will state that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands are ready to report this
bill whenever the House are ready to receive the
report.
