im.
TJJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
says
Mr. FLORENCE. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put, with the following
result—yeas 103, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barksdale, Bell, I-Iendley S. Ben-
nett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch Brooks, Broom, Bur-
nett, Cadwaladei, John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers,
Caskie, Bayard Clark, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
R W- Cobb, Cox,"Crawford, Davukon, Denver, Dowdell,
Edpiundson, Elliott, English, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans,
Florence. Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison arris,
Sampson W. Ilairis, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hoffman,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly,
Kennctt, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mihson, Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Fame, Feck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puryear,
Quitman, Rcade, Ready, Rjcaud, Richardson, Rivers,*Ruf-
lin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smith. Snecd, Stephens, Stew-
art, Swope, Tulboit, Tfippe, Underwood, Vail, Valk,
Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and
golhcoilcr—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, 4Hison, Ball, Banks, Barbom,
Barclay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghui-st, Ihngham,
Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw,Bienton, Bufiirigtori,Buihngaing,
James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, CbatTee, "Ezra
Clatk, Clawson, Colfax, Coming Covode, Cragm, Cvillcn,
Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Do Witt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfcc, Edie. Flagler, Gallo-
way, Giddmgs, Gilbeit, Giangei, Gio\v, Hobot B. Ilall,
Hailan, Ilaven, Hickman, Holjoway, Thomas R. llouon,
Howard, Keldey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, McCaity, Mem-ham, KilUan
Millor, Miltwaid, Mooie, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Niclioli. Norton, Andtew Ohvci, Faikei, Pcaice, Pelton,
Pennington, Pcriy,Pettit,Pike, Pnngle, Purviance, Ritchie,
Bobbins, Robeits, Sabm, Sago, Sapp, Scott, Sbeiman,
Simmons, Spinner, Stauton, Stianuhan, Tappan, Thorir^g-
ton, Thuiston, Todd, Tration, Tyson, Wade, Walhndge,
Waldion, Cadwalatler C. Washburne, Elltltu B. Wash-
buine, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, Wood-
ruff, and Woodworlh—110*
So the resolution was not agreed to.
Before the result was announced,
Mr. WHITNEY said: I have been informed
that a change of my vote will effect an election.
I have said on this floor that I would not give a
vote which would commit me to the Administra-
tion; but I am informed that the gentleman whose
name is contained in this resolution is not afriend
to theaprescnt Administration. I therefore change
my vote, and vote in the affirmative.
ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS.
Mr. TALBOTT. I offer a resolution, which I
htmd to the Clerk, and upon it I demand the
previous question.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Kentucky
offers the following resolution, and demands the
previous question upon it. The resolution will
be read for information:
Resolved, That Alexander H. Stephens, of Georgia,
be, and he herebv 1^, deelaied Speaker of the House ot
Ilepic^entativob of the Thirty-Fouitli Congicss.
Mr. BOYCE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I ask my friend
from South Carolina to withdraw that motion for
a moment.
Mr. BOYCE. Certainly.
Mr. MARSHALL. I pow move that the
House proceed to vote for Speaker by ballot.
The CLERK. The motion is not in order,
inasmuch as the gentleman from Kentucky has
demanded the previous question upon his resolu-
tion.
Mr. MARSHALL. I thought the resolution
was read only for information.
The CLERK. The gentleman offered it, and
demanded the previous question.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. STANTON. I move the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put, and announced by the
Clerk as carried, when
° Mr. STEWART demanded the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. STANTON. Then I withdraw the motion.
Mr. WATSON. I renew the motion to adjourn.
Tellers were demanded and ordered; and
Messrs. Broom and Sherman were appointed.
The House was then divided upon the motion;
and the tellers reported—ayes 97, noes 57.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at five minutes of four
o'clock) adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF IlEPRESEI^TATIYES.
Saturday, Febniary 2,1856.
The House was called to order by the Clerk at
twelve o'clock, m. Prayer by Rev. George D.
Cummins, of the Trinity*(Episcopal) Church.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. TALBOTT obtained the floor.
ALEXANDER H. STEPHENS.
The CLERK stated that the first business in
order was upon the following resolution, upon
which the previous question had been moved and
seconded:
Resolved, That Alpxandfr II. Stephens be, and he is
.hereby, declared the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives for the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. TALBOTT. When I offered that resolu-
tion yesterday, I had no conference with the hon-
orable gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens]
at all; but knowing his eminent qualifications for
that position—knowing his national, conservative
principles, I had hoped that, all other propositions
having failed, we should be able to concentrate
the discordant elements of the House upon him,
and thus bring about that result which we arc all
so anxious to attain. Since that time# however,
I have had a conference with him, and he has re-
quested me to withdraw his name. I rise, there-
fore, in pursuance of that request, to withdraw the
resolution.
The CLERK. The resolution will be with-
drawn, if there be no objection.
No oUfetion was made, and the resolution was
accordingly withdrawn.
ELECTION BY PLURALITY.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I have heretofore
voted against the adoption of the plurality rule;
but as the vote on yesterday indicates that there
is*at least a chance that a well-known man of
sound, national principles, under its operation,
may be elected, 1 oiler the following resolution,
and upon it I call the previous question:
Resolved, That the House will pioceed immediately to
the election of a Speakei viva voce. If. after the roll shail
have been called three time, no membei shall have re-
ceived a majority of all the votes ca^t, the roll ^hall again
be called, and the member who shall then leceive the
laigest number of vot<\s, provided it be a majority of a quo-
rum, shall be deelaied dulv elected .Speaker of the House
of Representatives of the Thiity-Fouith Congress.
Mr. GOODE. I move to lay that resolution
upon the table.
Mr. MORGAN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. RICHARDSON obtained the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk would suggest that
no debate is in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am not going to de-
bate. I am going to make the single announce-
ment to the H.ousc, that I have agreed with the
gentleman from Ohio, [?vh\ Emuje,] who had
paired off with the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Faulkner,] that, when the gentleman*from Vir-
ginia returned, I would pair off with hnn [Mr.
Emrie] for two weeks. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is this morning in his seat, and I shall there-
fore be compelled, under the arrangement I have
made, from this time forward, to decline to vote.
If I could have foreseen that the important ques-
tions before the House were now about to be set-
tled, I should have declined to have entered into
&ny agreement by which my name would fail to
appear upon the record. I regret the necessity 1
am under, but have felt it due to myself to state
to the House the reason why my name will not
appear upon the record.
The yeas and nays were ordered upon laying
the resolution upon the table; and the question
having hern taken, was decided in the negative—■ ,
yeas 104, nays 114; as follows:
YEAS—.Messrs. Aiken, Baiksdaie, Bell, IJendley S. Ben-
nett, Bocqpk, Bowie, Boyce, Bianch, Brook*, Broom, Bur-
nett, Cadwaladei, John P. Campbell, Lewis }). Campbell,
Carlile,Carutbeia, Casdcie. Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Cox, Ciawfoid, Davidson, Ileiny Winter Davis,
Denver, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmund>on, Elliott, English,
Ethendsrc, Eiutis, Evan-, Faulknei, Florence, Fo-tcr,
Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller. Goode, Gieemvood,
Augustus Hall, J. Momson Hams, Samp-'on W. Harris,
Thomas L. Hams, Hairison, Hcibeit, Hoii'man, Houston,
George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Kcitt, Kennett. Kid-
wcll, Lake, Letcher, Lindley. Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Man-hail, Max-
well, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, ?rhll<on, Mill-
ward, Moore. Moidecai Oliver, On, Fame, Peck. Phelps,
Poiter, Powell, Puiyear, Quitman, Ready, Rieaiui. Riv-
ers, Rufiin,Ru>t,Sandidge, Savage.Scott,Shortei, William
OWwpvj J. U-UMHL, UUUi/jl lTV/vy, V C«0ll, V  IIV, TV llIlvvF,
Warner, Watkins, wheeler, Whitney, Winslow, Dsniei
B. Wright, John V. VVgghf, aad Zollieo^r—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Alien, Allison, SaU, £tank%
Barbour, Barclay, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bitjirighurfct,
Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Bufimgton,
Burlingame, James H. Campbell, Chaftee, Bayard CJarjfcj
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Clipgman, Colfax, Coming Covode* -
Cragm, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Tiipothy Davis,,Day,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Fil-
ler, Galloway, Giddlngs, Gilbert,Granger, Grow, Robert B.
KaJl, Harlan, Hickman, HoJloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Howard, Jewett, Kelly, Ivelsey, King, Knapp, Knighta
Knowlton, Knox, KunkeJ, Leiter, Mace, Matteson, Me-
Cnrty, Meacham, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce,
Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Prmgle/Purviance,
ftitclne, Bobbins, Koberts, Robison, Sabin, sage, Sapp,
Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan. Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton,
Tyson, "Wade, Walbndge, VVaidion, Cadwalruler C. Wash-
burne, Elhhu B. Wasbburne, Israel Washbuin, Watson,
Welch, Wells, Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—114.
• So the resolution was not laid on the ta!?!e.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
mailt question.
Mr. CARLILE. Has the main question been
ordered, Mr. Clerk?
The CLERK. It has not, but the previous
question has been seconded.1
Mr. CARLILE. Is it in order to move a 
amendment?
The CLERK. It is not.
Mr. CARLILE. I rose, sir, for the purposei
of offering the following resolution as a substitute
for that offered by the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I give notice that
I shall not accept any amendment. I care not
what it is, I shall not accept it.
Mr. Carlile's proposed amendment was read*
as follows:
Resolved, That the Hon. William Aiken, a Representa-
tive from the State of South Carolina, be, and he is hereby,
declared the Speaker of the Thiity-Fourth Congress.
The main question on Mr. Smith's resolution
was ordered.
mr. smith's resolution.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas ana nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided ia th 
affirmative—yeas 113, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Barbour,
Baiclay, Ilaniy Bennett, Benson, BUluighurst, Bingham,
Bishop, Bliss, iiiadshaw, Bronton, Buffingfcon, Iiufliugatoex
James H. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clark, Ezra Clark,
Clawson, Clinguian, Colfax, Comuis, Covode, Cragin, Cumr
back, Dannell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dick,
Dickaon, Dodd, Dtirfeo^Edie, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings,
Gilbert, Grangci, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Herbert,
Hickman, Ilollowav, Thomas il. Horton, Howard, Jewett,
Kelly, IColsey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Kimkel, Lefter, Mace, Matteson, McCarty, Meacham,
Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Munay, Nichols,
Noiton, Andiew Oliver, Paikor, 3'eaice, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Peri j , Pert,if, Pike, Pmglo, Pinviance, ltichie, Rob-
bing Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Sim-
mons, Samuel A. Smitli^ Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tapp'in. Thoiington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson,
Wade,Wa'biid£t«, Waldion, Cadwaladei C. Washburne,El-
hhu B. Wa-hburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch,
Wells, Wibiamo, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodwotth—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Broom,
Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Carlile, Caruthcrs, Ca&kie, I-Iowell Cobb,Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, David on, Henry Wmtei Davis,
Denver,Dowdell,Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, English,Eth-
eredfife, Eustis, Evans. Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Henry
M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greeuwood, Augus-
tus Hall, J. Moni^on Hams, Sampson W. Hams. Thomas
L. Hants, Harrison, Hoffman, Houston, George W. Jones,
J Glancy Jones, ICoitt, Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, XjCt^hor,
Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexandei K.Maishall, llumphrev Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Martial!, Maxwell, McMulim, McUueen,
Smith Miller, Million. M'llwanl, Mooie, Mnnkca.i Oliver,
Orr, Paine, Peck, Pluip^, Portei, Powell, Puryear, Quit-
man, Meade, Ready, Kie.iud, ltivcr«,Rutfin, Rust, Sandidge,
Savage, Scott, Shoiter, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Sneod, Stephens, Stewait, Swope, Tcdbott, Tnppe, Under-
wood, Vail, Valk, WoJk'-r, Warner, Watkins, Wneeler,
Whitnev, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, JoJm V. Wright,
and Zolhcofl'ei—1U4.
So the resolution was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF MR. ORR.
Mr. ORR. My name was put in nomination
some two weeks a^o by the Democratic party of
the House for the speakership. Very many votes
have taken place since that time, and the result
has shown that the purpose aimed at by that
party—to increase their strength by changing their
nominee—has not been accomplished. The com-
plimentary vote yesterday given to my colleague,
[Mr. Aiken J renders it very evident to my mind
that he would be able to concentrate more strength -
