1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
morning hour commenced?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the morn-
ing hour commenced when the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections was postponed. The Chair
then answered that reports of committees were
in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is right. The morning h our did commence
at that time.
THE MAINE CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. SPINNER. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 have a report from the Committee of
Elections in the case of Fuller vs. Milliken. I have
delayed making the report for some time, in con-
sequence of the absence of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Fuller.] That gentleman is now
in his seat. The committee were unanimous in
their recommendation. There is nothing in the
report except what the resolutions themselves
show. I ask to have them read at the Clerk's
desk; and then, if no one proposes to discuss them,
I shall demand the previous question.
The resolutions were reported as follows:
Resolved, Tliat Thomas J. D. Fuller is elected, and
rightfully entitled to liis seat in the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Resolved, That James A. Milliken, the contestant, be paid
the usual mileage and daily compensation from the 3d day
of March last to this day.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
if the Committee of Elections were unanimous
in recommending the adoption of the last resolu-
tion ?
Mr. SPINNER. They were. The gentleman
"wiil observe that the resolution only proposes to
pay the contestant his ver diem from the 3d of |
March. 1
Mr. JONES. The first resolution involves a
question of privilege, but I do not think the last
does. If it was so clear that the sitting member
was entitled to his seat, I hardly see how it can
be clear that the contestant is entitled to his per
dUm and mileage.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Maine. The committee
have followed precisely the course in this case
which the House adopted the other day.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask for a division of the
question upon the resolutions.
Mr. SPINNER, I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine.^ The report of
the committee exhibits the facts in the case; and,
as it is short, I ask,before the vote is taken, that
it be read.
There was no objection, and the report was
read by the Clerk, as follows:
The Committee of Eicctions, to whom was referred the
case of James A. Milliken, 33sq., who contests the seat of
the Hon. Thomas J. I). Fuller, of the bixtb congressional
district of tue State of Maine, having carefully examined
the same, do report:
That they have passed over and have not decided upon
tlit; claims of either party to be allowed the votes given, or
^returned to have been given, for J.D. Fuller and for Thomas
Fuller for the sitting member, and the votes letiuned for
James Milliken for the contestant; for the reason that,
whether so allowed or not, the lesult would not thereby be
changed, unless—
Fhst. That votes from plantations oiganued for elec-
tion pitrpobcs onlv,'" fiom which h&tsof the voieis were not
mimed to the office of the Secretary of State, as is con-
tended the law required as a condition to being allowed, be
rejected; or—
Second. That the votes of Hancock plantation he rejected,
because the officers who held the election were chosen at
a meeting lield m the month of *dpnl, when, as the con-
testant contends, the law of the State required that it should
have been held m the month of March.
There is no contiovcisy about the facts m either case,
and, although there was difference of opinion in the com-
mittee, whether the election of municipal officeis in the
Hancock plantation was held at a time permitted hy the law
of the State, yet the committee is unanimously of the opin-
ion that the persons officiating were ofnceisdefacto, acting
in good faith; and a«j no fraud is alleged, the votes fiomthe
district were rightfully counted for the sitting member.
In regard to the returns from " plantations organized for
eledion purposes only," the members of the committee
were, as were the Governor and Council of the State of
Maine before them, divided in opinion, and are not prepared
to say what concision they would have come to in the
case had this been an original question; but, inasmuch as
ootemporaneous constructions by the State canvassers
have recognized the returns Irom these plantations, and that
they have received and counted them, as valid, notwith-
ptanding the list of voters was not returned with the number
of votes cast—therefore, under the circumstances, the com-
mittee do notfeel authorized, whatever the opinion of some
of its members may be of the effect of a non-compliance
on the part of the plantation officers with the plain require-
ments of the law, to exclude the votes of these plantations.
The committee are unanimous in the opinion that Mr.
Milliken had good and sufficient cause to contest Mr. Ful-
ler's seat, and" that deference to the opinions of large num-
bers of persons m his district requned lnm to undertake
and prosecute the contest; and that he should, therefore,
receive compensation from the day on which his memorial
was presented to the House.
In accordance with these conclusions, the committee
unanimously report the following resolutions:
Resolved, That Thomas J. D. Fuller is elected, and right-
fully entitled to, his seat m the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Resolved, That James A. Milliken, the contestant, be
paid the usual mileage and daily compensation from the
third day of Maich last to this day.
The first resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. CARLILE. I demand the yeas and nays
on the second resolution, which provides for pay-
ins; the contestant. I wish to see 
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the call for the
previous question will be withdrawn, so that we
may understand this matter before we vote.
?4r. BARKSDALE. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. My colleague [Mr. Quitman] is about
leaving the city, and before doing so, is desirous
of submitting some remarks.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
inasmuch as the order for the previous question
has been partially executed on the report of the
Committee of Elections.
The question was taken on the second resolu-
tion; and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
81, nays 59, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Barbour, Barclay, Homy Ben-
nctt, Benbon, Bilimshurnt, Hi:15<nvif, Bra<Miaw, Bien-
ton, Rnrfinton, Builmsame, ,Tame« 11. Campbell, Lewis 1).
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark. Colfax, Covode, Cr,\<iin,
Cuiliback, Damrell, Tunotliy Davis, Dean, Dickson, Dodd,
Flagler, Galloway, Gilbert, Gimv, Italian, Haven, Uollo-
way, Thomas R. Iloiton. Valentine B. Hoiton, Hugh-ton,
Kelsey, Kennett, Km?, Kuapp, Knowlton, Knox, Mace,
Maue&on, McOarty, Meacham, Killian Miller, Milhvaid,
Morgan, Motrin, Parker, Peck, Pelton,Perry, Pike, Potter,
Pxmgle, Put viance, Robbing Roberts, Robison. Sabin, Sapp,
bhortei, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stianahan, Tappan,
Thonnqton, Todd, Trafton, Wakeman, Walhridge. Wal-
dion, Eilihu ii. Wasliburne, Isiael Washburn, Watson,
Wells, Whitney, Woodruff, and Woodwoith—SI.
NAYS—Mcbsrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Hendloy S. Bennett,
Bocock. Boyee, Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader, John P.
Campbell, Carlile, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Cox. Crawford, Davidson, Huuiy Winter Davh,
Dowdeil, Edmundfion, Evan«, Goode, Greenwood, J. Mor-
uson Harris, Samp?on W. Ilairis, Hoffman, Jevvctt, Geoige
W, Jones, J. GlaiicvJones, Keitt, KidweII,Leiter,Linrtley,
IjUmpliin, MeMilllin, McQuccn, Smith Miller, Millson,
Nichols, Orr, Paine, Pettit, Phelps, Powell, I'm year. Quit-
man, Reade, Ready. Ricaud, Richardson, Rutfin, Scott,
^nccd. Swope, Thurston, Tuppe, Warnei, Wheeler, Dan-
iel B. Wngiit, and John V. Wnght—59.
So the resolution yvas adopted.
Pending; the above call—
Mr. BARBOUR, stated that his colleague, Mr.
English, had temporarily paired off with Mr.
Bingham, and upon the return of the latter gen-
tleman, he [Mr. Barbour] was to pair off with his
colleague,
MrrVALTv stated that he had paired off for
two weeks with Mr. Wade, who had gone
home.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the report from the
Committee of Elections was adopted, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Campbell's
motion that the rules be suspended, and the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union; and being put,
the said motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mv. Cobb, of Georgia, in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the special order—
the Indian appropriation bill, the pending ques-
tion being on Mr. Stanton's motion to strike
out the first section of the bill. Mr. Maxwell
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. If the gentleman from
Florida is not exceedingly anxious to submit his
remarks at this time, I would be greatly obliged
to him if he would yield me the floor, so that 1
may say what I have to say to-day. I am about
to leave the city,' and this is the <5hly opportunity
I shall have to make my speech.
Mr. MAXWELL. Under the circumstances
I cannot hesitate, if it meets the approbation of
the committee, to yield the floor to my friend
from Mississippi, trusting that I may soon get it
again.
Mr. Q.UITMAN then addressed the committee
for an hour in favor of the abrogation of the neu-
trality laws. His speech is, at his request,
withheld for revision, and will be published in
the Appendix. Before he had concluded his
remarks—
Mr. CLINGMAN said: It is late in the day
now, and I suppose no one else will want to ad-
dress the committee this evening. The subject
on which the gentleman from Mississippi is
speaking, is one of great interest, and is now be-
fore the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I would
suggest that, by the general consent of the com-
mittee, the gentleman from Mississippi be allowed
to proceed a little beyond his time, if he find it
necessary.
Mr. CADWALADER. By unanimous con-
sent, let the gentlemon's time be extended half
an hour.
The CHAIRMAN. If no gentleman apply to
get the floor at the expiration of the gentleman's
hour, he can proceed. If any member of the
committee take the floor at the expiration of the
hour, he is entitled to it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If my suggestion were
agreed to now, I suppose he might proceed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that in
committee there is no power, even by unanimous
consent, to suspend the rules.
Mr. MAXWELL. I suppose it is perfectly
competent for another gentleman to get the floor,
and, if he do not desire to speak, to yield it to
the gentleman from Mississippi.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has stated the
rule as he understands it—that if, at the expira-
tion of the hour, no one takes the floor, the mem-
ber from Mississippi can proceed.
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to know whether
we are to wait till the gentleman be through en-
tirely, or only to the expiration of his hour, before
we try for the floor?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Chair will
announce when the gentleman's hour shall ex-
pire.
Mr. QUITMAN then resumed, and continued
his remarks until the expiration of his hour.
Mr. BUFFINTON then obtained the floor;
but yielded it to
Mr. GALLOWAY, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I should be through in ten
minutes, if the committee would allow me to
proceed.
[Cries of " Go on !" " Go on !"]
Mr. BUFFINTON. I have no objection to
yielding the floor to the gentleman from Missis-
sun} provided I do not lose my right to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is entitled to the floor. The Chair
understands that it is suggested that the gentle-
man from Mississippi be allowed to continue his
remarks for ten minutes, with the understanding
that, at the expiration of that time, the gentle-
man from Massachusetts shall be entitled to the
floor. Is there any objection to that arrangement i
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
Mr. QJJITMAN. I then have only to state
that I shall print the balance of my remarks.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will allow the gentleman from
Mississippi to occup^ten minutes of his time.
Several Members objected.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I insist on my motion
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, re-
ported that the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, the
state of the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the Indian appropriation bill;
and had come to no resolution thereon. 1
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, announcing
that the Senate had agreed to the amendments of
