1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
34th Cong...> 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
that Mr. BartJrtt had intentionally told a false-
hood. I do not know the exact words which 1
used, but that was the substance of my state-
went-  
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The honorable Senator
from Louisiana has stated his convictions, I have
no doubt, with perfect candor and frankness.
Such a declaration as that which he has made,
could proceed from nothing else; certainly not
from flattery. He has told us his opinion, and
the ground tor it. So far as relates to the letter,
I have endeavored to show that he might place
a different construction on it—a construction per-
fectly i-onsistent with the integrity and honor of
this gentleman, considering his excited feelings
on this subject. There are other reasons, how-
ever. It seems now that the Senator from Lou-
isiana does not rest entirely on the letter, and on
the statement which has been read, but on other
circumstances. We cannot judge of them, be-
cause we have not heard them, and know nothing
of them.
But, Mr. President, there is a circumstance
which ought to render us exceedingly cautious
in pronouncing on this floor sentence on individ-
uals outside of the Chamber. Our own great
elcTauon, and the influence which an opinion
pronounced by a Senator on this floor is cal-
culated to have, whether it be a mistake or not,
on public opinion throughout the country, ought
to render a gentleman here exceedingly cautious.
His convictions and assurances ought t  be
*' doubly sure," it seems to me, before a private
man—who has no right to reply, who cannot
be heard in his own defense—is condemned to an
ignominy like that which the accusation of in-
tentional falsehood bringstipon him. Now, sir,
I do not know what Commodore Perry has said;
I have expressed my high respect fbr him; but
if a thoasand rumors which have reached me
are not all untrue, Commodore Perry, though he
has not said it in the letter which has been read,
baa said more, much more than that letter was
represented to contain. It may be so or not.
There is but one authority which can clear it up
satisfactorily, and that is Commodore Perry him-
aelf, when he shall choose to speak on the subject.
Then the truth may be known; then we shall be
better able to determine the truth or falsehood of
the statements which have been made in regard
to him. I should be very loth to suppose or be-
lieve on any evidence, that Commodore Perry
baa said anything on this subject which he is not
willing to avow. All I desire, then, is some little
degree of forbearance, even on the part of gentle-
men who, in their own minds, are convinced—
mbm little forbearance in the declaration of opin-
ions against individuals who are, and necessarily
must be, unheard on this floor.
Mr. President, I had no intention of entering
ao much at large into the discussion of this sub-
ret. It was my original design to reserve what
had to say, more particularly and especially,
until the bill reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs should be brought before us for action.
Then, as I have said before, I shall move to strike
out the whole bill after the enacting clause, and I
intend in its place to propose a repeal of the act
under which this board was constituted, with a
further declaration of the nullity of all the proceed-
ings which have taken place, unless in the mean
time it shall please the Secretary of the Navy—
1 speak of htm only, though I know that he can-
not act without the President—in whose justice
and generosity on this subject I repose to see
that justice be done. Unless the errors and in-
justice which have been done, shall be voluntarily
redressed by sending the names of the injured
parties to the Senate, I will vote to repeal the
whole law, and annul this whole sentence of at-
tainder. I shall be prepared to do it,and to show
that it is not only demanded by every considera-
tion of justice, but is perfectly consistent with the
power of the Congress of the United States and
with the Constitution of the country.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish my friend from Ken-
tacky to understand that the discussion in regard
to Commodore Perry has been brought on, cer-
tainly not by me, Mid I engaged in it very reluc-
tantly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. So it is with me.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have abstained heretofore
; from taking any part in the discussion, on account
of my relations to Commodore Perry. To-day,
the Senator from Georgia introduced his name
into the debate, and declared that he asserted on
what he conceived to be good authority, that
Commodore Perry had written a letter, couched
in certain language, to a certain lieutenant in the
Navy. I asked him for his authority, and he
gave me the name of Lieutenant Bartlett, who
certainly has had ample means of ascertaining,
since the publication in the Herald, that what
was there stated was not correct. Under these
circumstances, the charge having been made and
the witnesses cited on the part of the Senator
from Georgia, 1 could take no other course than
that which has been forced upon me, and which
I may say I have been obliged to take with great
reluctance. 
. Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman Beems
1 to me to have said nothing but wnat is commend-
able, in consideration of the connection in which
he stands to Commodore Perry—nothing which
any Senator might not have said.
Mr. STUART obtained the floor.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the Senator yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir. i
Mr. CLAYTON. Before my honorable friend
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] rose to speak
to-day, I was apprised that there was a difference
of opinion between him and myself in regard to
the constitutional question. It was expressed by
both of us on a former occasion. I always differ
with great respect and much regret from tne opin-
ions of my fnend from Kentucky, with whom I
have been proud to agree during the greater part
of my public life; but sometimes we are com- '
pelled to differ. On this occasion I differ from '
him Mo eerie. He maintains that the power to
remove these naval officers was derived from the
statute—from the act of Congress wflich provided
for the naval board, and created the retired list
and the dropped list. I, on the other hand, main-
tain—and I dare maintain it against as great odds
as this—that the power of the President to remove
is derived exclusively from the Constitution of the
United States; and that it is impossible to resort
to thisor to any other statu teas a source of power
for the President to exercise the authority of re-
moval. If one act of Congress can confer on the
President the power of removal, any other act
can confer the same power; and if an act of Qon-
gress can confer that power it can regulate, con-
trol, and restrict it.
This proposition leads at once to an absurdity.
The power of the President was derived, by the
'fathers of the Republic in the year 1789, after one
of the most famous debates that ever occurred in
Congress, entirely from the Constitution—from
that clause which confers on the President the ex-
ecutive power of the country, and directs that he
shall see that the laws of theTJnited States are
faithfully executed. Every speaker who appeared
on that occasion derived tne power from this
source. My honorable friend from Kentucky,
however, contends that in this particular case tne
power of the President is conferred by the statute,
and is, therefore, to be regulated by the statute.
Hence it is, that he deduced such consequences
as we have heard urged by him to-day. Let us
examine his position. He contends tnat this act
gave the President the power. I say that the act,
so far as it professes to give power to the Presi-
dent, is a perfect nullity.
Mr. BUTLER. I think we should have a uni-
form rule on these subjects; and if the Senator
from Delaware is to go on I must ask for my rights.
When I rose before, I was confined to an explana-
tion. Now my friend from Michigan is entitled
to the floor, and the Senator from Delaware rose
to make an explanation, and I think he is far out
at sea upon an argument. Let him apply to him-
self the same rule which he applied to me. I think
it is a bad rule which does not work both ways.
Mr. CLAYTON. I beg the Senator's pardon.
He has fired before he got near enough; I was not
out of order.
Mr. BUTLER. Nor was I when I was inter-
rupted.
Mr. CLAYTON. I was proceeding perfectly
in order, and I was replying to the remarks of my
friend from Kentucky, who maintained that this
constitutional power was derived from the statute.
I say that statute was not made merely or chiefly
for the purpose—it was not made at all for the
purpose of conferring power on the President to
remove officers. It was made for the purposa
of creating a retired list in the Navy. Its great
object was to create a retired list. Without that
statute a retired list could not have existed. If
the President had removed these men without the
statute, they would have been entirely out of the
Navy without pay. The act was passed in order
to enable the President to give these men, in lieu
of a pension, (for that was considered to ba
odious,) an allowance suitable to maintain them-
selves, honorably retired from the Navy, as I con-
tend, standing on the leave-of-absence pay list.
The object was to give them a sufficient Bum of
money to enable them to live with their families
without distress.
Now, sir, my friend from Kentucky, who has
given us, as he always does, an admirable and elo-
quent argument on this subject, has contended—
and he seems to feel deeply, as I have no doubt
he does, every word that he says—that the officers
on the absence-leave pay list are disgraced by the
mere circumstance of being placed there. I deny
it. I say that, if the language of the President, if
the language of the Secretary of the Navy, if the
language of every member of the naval board can
be trusted, if the language of every man who has
had anything to do with the execution of this law
can be trusted, they were not dishonored, but they
were honored by being placed on that list.
Sir, has it come to this, that in our country no
man can be retired on a reserved list without
being considered as dishonored ? Whence is that
idea derived ? Prom what country, in what age,
and among what people, did it originate ? In Eng-
land, the heroes of Trafalgar and of the Nile—men
who have distinguished themselves as much as
any men in the British service ever did for gal-
lantry and bravery, are to be found on the retired
list—admirals, vice-admirals, and rear-admirals.
You will find the names of hundreds in the book
which I hold in my hand, retired on pay far in-
ferior to that which we give to a retired captain
in our Navv. Have they ever been considered
as disgraced ? In the volume which I have before
me, which sets out the names of these admirals,
you find the services of every man of them re-
corded. You find the battles in which they have
been engaged, the honors which they have earned.
They stand on the retired list precisely as our
officers do here, with this great and important
exception, that our captains, the very men who
have made this hue ana cry, who have cried out,
" Disgraced!" " Disgraced!" have been retired on
freater pay than the high admirals of England.
have the book before me which shows that men
on the retired list, in the position of captains in
our Navy, receive more money than high admi-
rals in England. I can show you the further fact,
that on the retired English list, honorable men, as
honorable as any in this or any other nation, have
been retired, some as rear-admirals, who receive
no more than one of our lieutenants on furlough
pay. I have taken some pains to be perfectly
accurate in the statement which I make on thia
subject.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the honorable Senator
from Delaware will yield to a motion to adjourn.
The hour is very late.
Mr. CLAYTON. I intended to do so; but as
my friend from Kentucky has chosen to go into
the whole argument, and not merely into a single
point in his speech, I am willing to continue, if
necessary, until midnight.
Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. CLAYTON. I will give way.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mich-
igan was entitled to the floor, and yielded it to
the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to what
is evidently proper at this time—an adjournment
—but, before we adjourn, I wish to submit amo-
tion to reconsider the order by which this sub-
ject was made a special order, so that, when we
come together in the morning, we may have some
understanding as to the consideration of this sub-
ject. As it now stands, it interferes very much
with other business.
Mr. MASON" I trust the suggestion of the
