1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1ms
judgment, as a Senator from the State of Indiana,
I would rather say take nothing, than §20,000.
This sura will merely commence the work, but
cannot carry it forward to the point of comple-
tion, something very desirable. I move an
amendment increasing the amount to $57,300,
believing it to be my duty, under the circum-
stances, to do so; and I shall be glad to have the
vote of the Senate upon it.
Mr. CLAY. I have no personal acquaintance
at all with Mr. Bowes. It is true he is a grad-
uate of West Point, but it is equally true that he
graduated there in 1815, before any school of
civil engineering was established; and hence I
was correct in saying that he had not been edu-
cated as a civil engineer. Because he had not
received that education, I questioned his capacity
for this work. As some corroboration of my
opinion of his capacity for the work, I will state
that he estimates as requisite to complete this im-
provement $310,000, but the board of topograph-
ical engineers who supervised the estimates and
examined the place, report that $77,619 will com-
plete it.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is clear that the informa-
tion on this point is very imperfect. It is equally
clear from that defective information, that it is a
doubtful question whether your money will not
be thrown away; judging from what is said by
Senators in the vicinity and those who have seen
it, that seems to be rather the best opinion. We
have got the estimate of Mr. Bowes, who seemii
to have certified to them all. He seems to be
very handy at that business, at all events, what-
ever may he his qualifications. It would be no
particular recommendation to me to know that he
graduated at West Point. 1 do not accept that as
a qualification for engineering, because there are
a great many ignorant people on that subject,who
have graduated at that school.
But it is very certain that we have, as I say,
defective information, and it is by no means cer-
tain that the weight of information is not against
the work. We also know, from the testimony
of Senators, that $200,000 have been expended,
and we do not know whether, to any extent, any
good has been done, because of the $200,000
having been expended. It is admitted to be a
doubtful question, whether ail the money you
may put there will be effcctivc for any purpose
whatever. It seems to me that prudent men—Sen-
ators, if managing their own business, would not
make such an expenditure, until they examined
the place and saw its propriety. Admitting the
propriety, the constitutionality, and the expedi-
ency and. the high necessity of a harbor of refuge
in the neighborhood, they would certainly, as
prudent men, wait for a thorough and scientific
examination, the best one they could gel, and
then appropriate means adequate to the end. As
the Senator from Indiana very properly says, you
are simply throwing away $20,000 on the prin-
ciple that $20,000 is not much money anyhow;
and, practically, that is necessary, in order to
give Indiana a share. I see no other reason for
this appropriation.
Mr. STuART. I am not going into the dis-
cussion of this subject, but only intend to do
just enough to show that the infoi mation on this
subject is accurate, that the bill has not been
reported without resorting to it, and that it is
clear. The difference alluded to by the Senator
from Alabama, between the report of Mr. Bowes,
and that agreed to by the board, is simply caused
by the length of the pier proposed by him. He
proposed to carry it out to a point where there is
a clay bottom, and twenty-five feet of water.
They propose to restrict it, and give a less amount
of water; and as the cribs are restricted they cost
less money. This report is not very lengthy,
but its reading would take up too much time.
The board says:
" In this report the boaul emphatically expresses its dis-
sent from the character of the mole or breakwater < struc-
tuie which was to be founded in twenty feet water, and
to rise eight feet above the surface of the lakeand con-
cludes by the opinion, c that the recommendation of the
agent in this structure should not be approved, but that he
be required to carry out the plan adopted for this haibor,
by commencing at a cential point with the usual crib-work,
and continue it in either direction, as far as the available
means will jusuiy. 
It then goes on to speak of the plan, and gives
the estimates:
" And for thirty-six and one third cribs, the number required
for a length of one thousand and ninety feet, being the
cost of the breakwater, as modifed $77,619 90
Deduct present appropuation  20,000 00
Leaves a balance of    . ....§57,619 90
Which being divided into three years, there will be required
for each year$19,206 63 ; orsay,asin the margin, §19,000."
There is the information clear and specific.
That is the information on which the committee
acted. That is the amount appropriated in the
bill. The board asked that the amount of
$57,71(5 70 be divided into three years, acting on
the ground that $19,000 is as large a sum as can
be profitably expended in one year; but if you
were to adopt the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Indiana, and appropriate $50,000, I
would rather suggest to him to take the estimate
of $57,619 90. That is the exact amount re-
quired to complete this work. That would be
the only difference on the question presented to
the Senate of taking the committee's bill or the
amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I am in favor of the passage
of this bill, and therefore I shall not make a
speech for it; but I wish to say that I have been
familiar with the commerce of the lake for a great
many years, and I was quite surprised this morn-
ing to hear any question about whether Michigan
city was a place where a harbor was desired, or
a place where there was any doubt of a harbor
being possibly constructed. But I wish to sug-
gest to the honorable Senator from Indiana, that
1 think he would do well to accept the appropri-
ation which is reported by the committee, which
is based on the general principle on which they
have acted in regard to these bills, and withdraw
his amendment, and let the bill stand.
Mr. BRIGHT. I intended, in offering the
amendment 1 did, to reach the amount named by
the board of engineers in their estimate, and
hoped the Senate would see the propriety of con-
curring in opinion with me; but as it would be
something of a departure from the rule laid down
by the Senate since acting upon this class of im-
provements at this session, i will not insist upon
it. I must repeat, however, I do not approve this
policy of half doing whatever is worth doing well;
and this is the principle upon which we are acting
in passing these various bills for the improvement
of western lakes and rivers.
I withdraw the amendment.
The bj 11 was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read a third time.
Mr. MASON. I call for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS — Messis. Alien, Bell of New Hampshire, Boll of
Tennessee, Bright, Cass, ColJanier, Cnttenderi, Dodge,
Douglas, Umkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Geyer. Harlan,
Jaine.-', Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Trumbull, Wade,
Woller, Wilson, and Wright—25.
NAVri—Messrs. Big^, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clay,
Fitzpatuck, Houston, lluntei, Iverson, Johnson, MaJlory,
Mason, Reid, Thompson of Kentucky, and Toombs—lo.
So the bill was passed.
HARBOR OF VERMILION.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill (S. No. 134) to con-
tinue the improvement of the harbor of Ver-
milion, Ohio, which appropriates $43,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any reportin regard
to tins harbor ?
Mr. WADE. There is a report and estimate,
and the bill is in accordance with them. The
reason that this is detached from the other bills
for the Ohio harbors is merely because it was
overlooked in making out the bills, and the com-
mittee did not readily find the report; but it is
based on a full report, the same as all the rest of
them. It is an old work, and stands on the same
ground with all the other harbors on Lake Erie
that have been passed.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it supposed that this
amount will complete the harbor, or is it to be an
annual appropriation.
Mr. WADE. I suppose that it is estimated
that this amount will complete it, but neither the
report nor the bill says so.
Mr. CLAY. I offer this amendment, which
I hope the Senator from Ohio will accept:
Provided, Said sum be found sufficient to complete said
work, and if not, no part of said sum shall be diawn from
the Treasury. i
Mr. WADE. I will not accept thfc amend-
ment, because it is not in accordance with the
other harbor bills, by which appropriations have
been made on Lake Erie, or any other lake.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator is mistaken. -I
offered the amendment to several bills,<&nd it was
accepted.
Mr. WADE. Those harbors, however, were
new works, where the bills were to construct har-
bors for the first time. I believe, in every instance
of that amendment being made, it was the case of
a new harbor. This is an oW harbor. It may Be
possible that this amount will complete it, but it is
not so stated in the report. It will make all the
repairs necessary which were contemplated by
the engineer at the time of making the estimate.
I hospe the amendment will not be agreed to.
This bill, standing on the same priuciple as the
rest, I hope will receive the same judgment from
the Senate.
Mr. CLAY. I offer the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to; there being
on a division—ayes 13, noes 19.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
STEAM DREDGE ON LAKE MICHIGAN.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Welle*,)
The next bill on the Calendar is (S. No. 127) for
the construction of the steam dredge for Lake
Michigan.
Mr. DODGE. I ask that that biH may be
passed over for the want of an estimate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be laid aside informally if there be no objection.
The Chair hears no objection.
OHIO RIVER.
The bill (S. No. 132) to provide for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Ohio river was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The original bill introduced by JVJr. Brodhead,
proposed to appropriate $200,000 for the improve-
mcntof the navigation of the Ohio river,$100,000
to be expended above the falls. It also provides
that, so soon as the private stock in the Portland
and Louisville canal should be paid to the sub-
scribers out of the tolls, the President of the
United States should appoint the proper officers
to take possession of the canal on the part of
the United States, and proposed to appropriate
$*25,000 per annum for it£ custody and manage-
ment.
The Committee on Commerce reported the bill
with amendments; the first of which was to strike
out " $200,000." and insert "$90,000," and to
strike out the provision limiting the expenditure
to that part of the river above the falls.
The next amendment of the committee was to
amend the second section relating to the Louis-
ville and Portland canal, by striking out the
clause:
And the expense attending the custody and manage-
ment ot the said canal and canal property shall be paid out
of any mouey in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
not exceeding the sum of $25,000 per annum ; and the ^aid
canal, after coming into the possession of the United States,
shall be free from all tolls and chaigess whatever—
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
And after said canal shall have come into the possession
of the United t^tatc*as aforesaid, such tollssball be charged
as will be sufficient to keep the same in repair and pay the
expenses of taking care thereof.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Commerce
did me the honor of referring this bill to me for
my examination as a sub-committee. Generally,
I knew that Mississippi reaches, by its long arm,
the Ohio, and its fingers, into the interior of the
State of New York, through the State of Penn-
sylvania; and that the State of New York was
deeply interested in having the channel of the
Ohio free from all obstructions, and that the State
of Pennsylvania was even more interested. As
the sum was a very large one, as originally pro-
posed—$200,000—1 thought itexpedient to reduce
that appropriation to the estimate for the present
year, which is $90,000. Otherwise, the bill was
commended to me by the fact that it was intro-
duced into the Senate by the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,] whose con-
servative regard for the Treasury, and soundness
on the principle of internal improvements, accord-
ing to the Democratic platforms and systems, ar«
known to this House and this whole nation, I
