$36
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
than myself; and, as I desire to see this House
organized unon national principles, m opposition
to sectionalism, I tako this occasion to return to
my party friends my hearty thanks for the com-
pliment they have shown me in my nomination,
and for the fidelity with which they have sus-
tained me; and I unconditionally withdraw my
name from the contest.
PLURALITY RULE—AGAIN.
- Mr. BOYCE. I move to rescind the resolution
just adopted by the House, and ask the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
motion on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would in-
quire if the gentleman from South Carolina voted
in the majority? If he did not, he has no right
to move to rescind the resolution.
The CLERK. In the opinion of the Clerk,
that makes no difference. The gentleman has
the right to make the motion.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Smith's j
motion to lay upon the tabic; and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 117, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssm. Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball, Tianks,
Barbour, Barclay, Homy Bennett, Benson, I'lllin'.rliui-t,
Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Butdshaiv, Brenton, Biitimgton,
Burlingame, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chafi'ee, Bavard (Jlajk, Sua Clark, Clawson. Clmgman,
Colfax, Coniins, Covode, Cragin, Culleii, Cumbaek, Dam-
rell, Timothy Bavts, Day, Dean, l)e Witt, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Durlcc, Edie, Flagler, Galloway, Giddmgs. fiilheit,
Gran-er, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, llerbeit, Hickman,
Hollowaj,Thomas tt. Ilorton,Howard, Jewett, Kelly, kel-
sey, King, Knapp, Knight,Knowlton, Knox. Kunkel, Loiter, :
Mace, Matteson, MoCartv, Aleaeham, Killian Miller. Mor- i
gan,Morrill,Mott, Mini ay, Nichols, Norton, Andicw Oliver,
Parker, Pearee, I'eiton, Pennington, Perrv, Pettit. Pike,
Pringle, Purvmnce, Kitclne, Bobbins, Roberts, Kobi-on,
Sabm, Wage, Sapp, Sheiman, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thormgton, Thurs-
ton, Todd, Tral'tou, Tyson, Wade, Walbiidge, Waldi'on,
Cadwalader C Washhurno, Elhlm B. Washhurne, f^iacl
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, William*, Wood,
Woodruff, and Woodwoith—117.
NAYS—Messis. Ailcen.Barksdale, Bell, HendleyS. Ben-
nett, Boeock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bi ooks, Broom, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, John I'. Campbell, Carhle, Caruthers,
CasklO, Howell Cobb, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Cox,
Crawford, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Denvei, Dow-
dell, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott. English, Etbeiidge, Eus-
tis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Hemv M. Fuller,
Thomas J. P. Fuller, Goode, Gieemvood, Augustus Hall,
J. Morrison Harris. Sampson W, IJanis, Thomas 1 <■ Hams,
Harrison, Hod'man, Houston, (Jeorge W. Jones, J. (ilancy
Jones, Kom, Kcnnett, Kidwell, I/ake, Lotchci, Lindl«y,
J.umpkin, Alexander K. Maishall, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel W.Marshall, Maxwell, MeiMulliti, McQueen, Smith .
Miller, Millson, Millward, Moore. Morilucai Oliver, Oir,
Paine, Peck, Phelps, Bolter, Powell, l'uryear, Uuitiriaii.
Keady, Ricaud, Rivers, Ruttin, Run, Sandidge, Savag",
Scott, Shorter, William Smith, William R. Snnth, Sliced,
Stephens, Stcwait, Swope, Talliott, Trippe, Underwood,
Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Whitney,
Winslow, Damol B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolh-
cofli'i —101.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I send tho follow-
ing preamble and resolution to the Cleik 1s desk.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I make the point of order,
that no proposition is in order under the resolu-
tion we have just adopted except to vote. I do
not know what the resolution of the gentleman
from Kentucky is. I have no objection to its
being read for information, but I raise the ques-
tion in advance, that it is not in order.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the proposi-
tion of the gentleman is not in older.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, sir, 1 desirn to have
it read, and then the question of order decided.
The preamble and resolution were read, as fol-
lows :
Whereas, the aamesof different membeis of this House
have been pT ipnted for the office, of Speaker, bv resolu-
tion, and by direct vote, or avote tantamount thereto, and j
such resolutions have all been lejected, tl ilsp aviug that a j
majoi itv of the membeis are unwillm? to confer said office !
upon any pei-on yet thu> p-oposed Thereloro, j
RcsoU-l'i/, That it shall not be m order again to propose
or vote for any member of f!:i • lion-c for Speaker whose |
name has been proposed for that office by resolution, and j
which has been rejected, cithei bvdneet voteon such prop- ;
osition, or by a vote laving it on the table; and that in ail
future ballots for Speaker, votes given to such person, or
person-,shall be rejected, and not eountcd by the Cleik;
and that ail persons who may hejeaftei be pioposed and
rejected, m the manner contemplated m this resolution,
shall be deemed unacceptable to a majority of this body, and
shall not again be pioposed or voted for: pmvided said vote
is taken with the consent of the person voted for.
that the
The CLERK. The Clerk will state
, House has just passed a resolution to proceed j
' immediately to vote for Speaker. Under the order i
of the House, it is the opinion of the Clerk—he
makes no decision—that the proposition .of the
gentleman from Kentucky is not in order.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. The rule just
adopted by the House prescribes that, on the fourth
ballot, the person having the highest number of
votes shall bo declared to be the Speaker elect.
Then, sir, upon the fourth ballot, thi3 contest
must be terminated; and that all may be prepared
for that crisis, and come here understanding^ to
know how to act, I move that thisHouse do now
adjourn, and that the contest be decided on Mon-
day next. One party we know is thoroughly
drilled and ready to act. The other is not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I differ from the gentle-
man from Tennessee. I hope the House will not
adjourn.
'Mr. KEITT. We might very well take two
votes this evening.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ; and it was disagreed to—-yeas 84, nays 133;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, ]3arksdale,Bcll, HendleyS. Ben-
nett, Boeock, Boyce, Branch. Brooks, Buinett, C'adwalader,
John P. Campbell, Cailde, Caruthers, Caskie, Howell Cobb,
Cox, Crawford, Davidson, llenry Wintci Davis, Denver,
Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, Btilendge, Eustis,
Evans, Faulkner, Floience, Henry M. Fuller, '1 liomas J.
I). Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Moirtson
Harris, Samp=on W. Ilanis, Thomas L. Hams, Harrison,
Heibert, Iloffinan, Houston, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kid-
well, Jjetcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Maidiall, Hum-
phrey Maisliall, Samuel S. Marshall, MaxweB IoMuliiu,
McQueen, Smith Millei, Millson, Moidecai Oliver, Oit,
Paine, Peck, Phelps,Powell, Reade, Ready, Rivers, Puffin,
Rust Pandidw, Savage, Scott, Shorter, William Smith,
William R. Smith, Sliced, Stewait, Trippe, Underwood,
Vail, Valk, Walker, Wainer, Watkms, VVutslow, Daniel
B. YVught, John V. Wright, and Zollieoffer—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Banks, Baihour,
Barelav, Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghmst, Bingham,
Bishop", Bliss, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Builing-
ton, Buibu"aine, James 11. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chaffee, ISavaid Clark, Ezra Claik, Clawsoil, Clingman,
W. R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Coniins, Covode, Ciagin, Culleii,
Cumbaek, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Do Witt,
Dick, Dickson. Dodd. Dmfee.Edie,English, Flagler,Foster,
Galloway, Giddnlgs,Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall,
11,11 Ian, Hickman, llolloway, Thomas R. Horton, Howaul,
Jowett, J. Glaney Jones, Kelly, Kelsey, King, Knapp,
Kni'lit, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Lcitcr, Lindlcy,
Mace, Matteson, McCaity, Mcacham, Killian Miller, Mill-
w.uil, Moore, Morgan, Morull, Mott, Muriay,Nichols,Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Peaiee, Pelton, Pennington,
Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pi ingle, Purvianee, I'm year,
Quitman, Ricaud, Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts, Robison, Sa-
bin, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith,
Spinner, Stanton, Stephens. Stranahan, Swope, Talbott,
Tappan, Thormgton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson,
VYade, Walbndge, Waldrori, Cadwalader C. Wa-himrne,
Elliim B Wasliburne, Tsiael Washburn, Watson, Welch;
Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruft,
and Woodworth—133. <
MOTION TO RESCIND TIIB PLURALITY RULE.
Mr. "WALKER. I move.thatthe plurality rule
be rescinded. [Sbverul Members. The motion is
not in order.] I maintain that it is ill order; for
since the vote was taken on the motion to rescind,
which was moved by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] business intervened. The
motion is in order; and I call for the yeas and
nays on it.
Mr. CLINGMAN". I insist that the motion to
rescind is not ill order; it has once been moved
and defeated, and cannot be again renewed during
this day.
Mr. WALKER. I differ from the gentleman
from North Carolina.
Mr. GOODE. The motion to rescind is in
order; for have we not seen the plurality rule
a°;ain and again moved, and without any point of
order being raised on its repetition ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. But the plurality rule was
offered when defeated on another day; that is not
the ease with the pending motion to rescind. I
adm it, if a parliamentary day intervened, that the
motion would be in order. A parliamentary day
has not intervened, and I hold that it is not in
order to renew the motion to rescind on the same
day that it was rejected.
Mr. WALKER. Let the Cleric decide; I have
offered my motion.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the motion
in order.
Mr. BARCLAY. Put the question to the
House.
The CLERK. The Clerk repeats that he
thinks the motion is in order; but, as there seems
to be various opinions on the point of order, he
will submit it to the House for its decision. Is
the motion of the gentleman from Alabama in
order?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I demand the yeas
and nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MEACHAM. I rise to a point of order.
We have just passed a resolution that the House
immediately proceed to the election of a Speaker;
and I insist that that order must be carried out.
The CLERK. There is one question of order
already pending. The House is in the act of
giving its decision.
Mr. MEACHAM. I will withhold the point
then for the present.
The question was taken; and it was dccidcd in
the negative—yeas 83, nays 128; as follows:
YEAS-Messrs. Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock,
Boyce, Bianell, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Caihlc,
Caruthers, Caskie, Ilowell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
Cox, Crawloid, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmuiidson, Elliott,
English, Etheiidge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence,
Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Good's,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J.Morrison Hams, Sampson
W. Ilanis, Thomas L. Hams, Harrison, I-IolTman, Hous-
ton, George W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, Keitt, Kennett,
Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
MeMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millwaid, Moore, An-
drew Oliver, Mordccai Olivei, Panic, Peek, Phelps, Por-
ter, Powell, Puryear, Reade, Ready, Kiveis, Ruflni, Rust,
Sava"e, Scott, Shorter, William Smith, Snecd, Stewai t,
Talbott, Tuppe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Wainer,
Walking Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wnght, and
Zollieotier—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Albiight, Allen, Allison, Barbour, Baielay,
Homy Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brenton, Brooks, Broom, But-
fin''ton, Burlingamc, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
hell, Chafloe, Bayard Claik, Ezia Clark, Clawson, Chng-
maa, Col.'ix, Comins, Covode, Ciagin, Cull?n, Cumbaek,
Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Timolhy Davis, Day. Dean,
Denver, Do Witl, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Dm<'ee,
Edie, Flakier, (Jallowav, Giddmgs,GiliK ,.t, Giangei, Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Ilailan, Heibert, Hickman, llolloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Howaid, Jewett, Kelly, Isolsev.Jvimr,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton. Knox, Kunkel, Letter, ?ilaee,
Matteson, MeOarty, Mcacham, Killian Miller, Millson,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Noiton, «rr,
Parker, Pcaico, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Prmcle, Purvianee, Quitman, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbins,
Robeits, ltobison, Sahin, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Sliciman,
Sumnons, Samuel A. Smith, William R Smith, Spmnei,
Stanton, Stephens, Stranahan,Tappan, Thoiington. Tiiurs-
ton, Todd, Tiafton, Ty. on, Vad, Wade, Walb.idg^ V\ al-
dion, Cadwaladei C. Wasliburne, Ellihu li. Washbuine,
Isiael Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wheeler. Whitney,
Williams, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—128.
So the House decided Mr. Walker's motion
out of order. * .
ADJOURNMENT.
Air. PAINE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
'The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
[The announcement that the House refused to
adjourn, was received by the galleries with shouts
of applause.]
Mr. ORR. If the House is to be constantly
annoyed by applause from the galleries, I shall
move that they be clearcd. [Several Members.
And we will vote with you.] I, of course, ex-
clude the ladies' gallery. [Laughter.]
ELECTION OF SPEAKER.
The CLERK. The roll will now be called,
under the order of the House, which was adopted
this morning.
The House proceeded to vote the one hundred
and thirtieth time for Speaker, with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 215; neces-
sary to a choice, 108; of which—
Nathaniel P. Banks received 1®
William Aiken  93
Homy M. Fuller       14
Lewis D. Campbell  4
Daniel Wolls ...       ^
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Ball,
Homy Bennett, Benson, Bihinglmrst, Bingham, Bi-hop,
Bliss, B.adshau, Brenton, Biiflihgton, Builtngame, James
H. Campbell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Cliaffec, Ezra Claik,
dawson. Colitix, Comins, Covode, Ciagin, Cumbaek,
DamivJl, Timothy Davis, Dav, Dean, De Witt, Dick, D(ek-
pon, Dodd, Dud'ce, Edie. Flagler, Galloway. Giddms*, Gil-
bert, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall,_ Hailan, Hollovray,
Thomas R. IIoiton, Howaid, Kelsey, Kiup[, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Kimx, Kunkel, Loiter, Mace, Matteson, Mc-
Cartv, Mearliam, Kilhan Miller, Moigait, Momll, Molt,
Murlav, Nichols, Noiton, Amhcw Oliver, Parker, Pearee,
Pelton", Peiry, Pettit, Pike. Piincle, Piiivianee, Stitrhio,
Kobbms, lloberB, Robi>on,' Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman,
Simmons, Spinner. Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Tlioung-
ton. Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Ty.-on, Wade, Walbndge,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wasliburne, E. B. Washburne,
