326
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
{April 1,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
Senator from Michigan will not prevail. I do not
know of any more important business before the
Senate than this subject.
Mr. CLAYTON. Does the Senator from
Michigan propose to postpone the discussion so
that I can proceed to-morrow?
Mr. STUART. I will not interfere with the
Senator. I only make the motion to reconsider,
so that we can come to some understanding on
the subject; and now I move that the Senate ad-
was agreed t ; and the Senate
journ.
. The motion
adjourned.
Toesdat, April 1, 1856. ;
The Senate having under consideration the Rssolutiona
of Mr. Iverso* for the appointment of a special committee
to eiamine the members of the Naval Board under oath
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, at the time
of the adjournment of the Senate yesterday I was
engaged in the discussion of a question of consti-
.. ituUonal law. It had been contended by my friend,
.the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
that the power of the President to remove naval
officers, and to retire and put upon furlough other
such officers,was derived entirely from the statute,
, and not from the Constitution. He was under-
stood to contend that, as the power of the President
, was derived.from the law, the law would admit
,,,of a construction that would entitle these officers
to the hearing and notice, so often spoken of, and
to a record of the proceedings of the board—in
fact, to a judicial investigation, although the Con-
stitution did not admit of such a construction. It
„,w*s admitted, as I understand, in his argument,
. that, if the power to remove these officers Was de-
. rived entirely from the Constitution, then, accord-
ing to the established construction put upon the
" Constitution from the foundation of the Republic,
the Senate and the Congress of the United States
have no control over that power of removal, and
. cannot even inquire into the causes of the removal.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. JMy friend will allow
me to explain. I did maintain that the power
exercised by the President under this act was a
statutory power. I did so, not for the purpose of
. inferring an absolute right on the part of- those
, officers to have anything like a judicial investiga-
tion, or notice, or trial, hut far..the purpose of
..showing that, if it was a mere statutory proceed-
ing, we were competent to annul that statute and
, . to annul the proceedings under it. That was-the
consequence which I deduced from it.
. .Mr*. CLAYTON. .Then the object of the ar-
gument of the honorable Senator was to show
the. Senate, that by repealing the statute we could
restore the officers wno had been removed (as
the Senator contends) under the operation of the
statute. With all respect for my honorable friend
; from Kentucky, I deny that position toto ccelo. I
say that the. repeal of this act can have no effect
.to restore the officers who have been dropped from
..the service, and that the only effect of. the repeal
would be to take away the pay of all the officers
.who. are on the reserved list, whether they be on
the leave-of-absence list, or on the furlough list.
Repeal that statute, and the only act giving pay
to these retired officers is blotted from the statute-
book. No man can point to any act of Congress or
.any authority whatever to pay them one cent
when that statute is repealedi > • ■
, But, sir, if I am right in my position, that the
power of the President is derived from the Con-
stitution, and not from the statute,—a position
which.I expect tp maintain fully,—it will follow
as an irresistible consequence. mat .those officers
who have been dropped from the service cannot
be restored by any power whieh Congress - pos-
sesses. . . . •
, Let us look again at the point which is con-
tended for by my honorable friend from Ken-
tucky. It must be admitted that-the whole power
of removal before this statute, existed was under
the Constitution.. No man doubts that before
.. this statute was enacted the President had. the
y Power .to remove everyone of these naval officers
Jrom the service. Then, if the whole power of
removal existed under the Constitution, how did
the.statute confer any more power?
Again, if it be true that the power of removal
can be derived from the statute, as a -matter of
course it must follow, as a fair corollary, that
the Congress of the United States has the right
to take away the removing power of the Presi-
dent. If Congress can confer the power, they,
of course, can abolish it—they can abridge or
restrict it, and control it.
The result, then, of this argument is, that the
President of the United States ceases to be an
independent Executive, and that the checks and
balances which we have heretofore supposed to
exist.between the three coordinate branches of
the Government, the Legislature, the Judiciary,
and the Executive, are gone, so far as relates to
the Executive.
Sir, to illustrate more fully what I mean, let
me put a case which may happen during the
administration of some weak President—I mean
a man weak in power, or having few political
friends in Congress* By way of illustration, and
without intending any disrespect to President
Tyler, who was really an excellent gentleman, I
will refer to his Administration, in whose time,
you may remember, sir, a bill for building rev-
enue cutters was vetoed by him, when his Teto
waaQvt}fru]ed bya large majority,greatly exceed-
ing two thirds, of each branch of Congress; and
thus the bill became a law in defiance of the veto
power of the President. Suppose such a case as
that overruling a veto should occur again. Sup-
pose a bill should be passed by the requisite two
thirds oyer a President's veto, to take away from
the President the removing power, or to abridge it
by confining it to a small class of officers, or to
control its.exercise by denying it any operation,
except when authorized by the previous fiat of a
board of inquiry—will it be contended that such a
j statute would be constitutional ? If such a statute
as, that, taking away or affecting the removing
; power of the President, could be constitutional,
it would follow as an irresistible consequence,
that the Executive of this country is not independ-
ent of the Congress of the United States, and that
Congress can take away the great prerogative, or
more properly the great executive duty of the
President to remove officers who are unfaithful.
Sir, I forbear to go further with the discussion on
this point. To my own mind it is perfeetly clear
—I say it with great respect to my friend from
Kentucky—that no power of removal can be de-
rived by the President of the United States from
any act that Congress can pass. Congress may
indeed pass a law necessary and proper to enable
the President to carry any executive power into
execution, such as this was. But the moment it
attempts to control or abolish that power, its act
becomes a dead letter; A law to control or abol-
ish, is not a law to carry into execution a power.
If, therefore, this act of Congress providing
for a naval board had attempted, as it is supposed
by others here to have done, to restrict- the re-
movals of naval officers to cases where there was
a trial or a notice or a record, it wopld not in the
slightest degree have impaired the President's
Bower to remove without any such prerequisites.
But no-such trial, no such, notice is- required or
contemplated by the law.- We know from the
debate at the very moment of its passage, as
well as from its own details, that no! e of these
were contemplated by those who passed it. We
know in fact that it passed with a full premoni-
tion by those who debated it, that its examina-
tions,though intended to be careful and impartial,
like similar investigations in the Cabinet and the
secret sessions of the Senate, were to be secret
also. <
It has been said, and it has been stoutly main-
tained by gentlemen here, from week to week, that
those ameers who were retired on the absence-
leave list, were - dishonored—disgraced by the
operation of the law. We have heard this almost
daily whenever the question has been under dis-
cussion. I deny it. I say that it was intended,;
and it is so declared by the Secretary of the Navy
himself, that retirement on that list is a post of
honor. It was intended by Congress to be a
high honor to any officer to be placed on 'the
absence-pay list. I referred yesterday to the fact
that, in Great Britain hundreds of admirals, vice
admirals, rear admirals, captains, lieutenants,
and masters were retired on what they call half
pay, which is considered there to be a post of
honor, and n rer has been regarded in the uistory
of England as a post in which a dishonored man
could be placed. There you find the names of
the heroes of the Nile and of Trafalgar. You
will find, if you will look into the book which I
presented here yesterday, a short biographical
sketch of the services of every man retired on
that list, and will see the names of some of the
most brilliant officers that Great Britain ever pro-
duced are still to be found on that list, which
corresponds with our absence-pay list. I was
proceeding to show, after having demonstrated
that fact, that our officers on the absence-pay
list were far better paid than the British officers,
and that ours could not possibly have any reason
tocomplain. In order to demonstrate this,Ihavs
extracted from the " New Navy List" of Great
Britain, some facts which I beg leave to submit
to the Senate.
You will find on the British retired list, on*
hundred captains with a pay of ^£191 sterling,
equal to about $848, or $15 74 less than the pay
of a reserved captain in the United States Navy
the leave-of-absence list. You find, on th«
British reserved list, six admirals, fifteen vies
admirals, and forty rear admirals, retired on a
pay far less than our retired captains in the Navy
receive on our absence-leave list. A retired cap-
tain in the United States Navy, with leave-of-
absence pay, receives $2,500; while admirals, vie*
admirals, and rear admirals in the British Navy,
to the extent which I have stated, receive a pay
of .£456 per annum, equal to about $2,211. Our
retired captains get nearly $300 more than a Brit-
ish retired high admiral.
Again: reserved captains and a certain number
of rear admirals, one hundred and ninety-seven
in number, on the British reserved list, receive
^365 sterling per annum—about equal to $1,770.
Captains in our Navy on the retired list, as I
have already stated, receive $2,500, or $730 a
year more than a captain, or even one of the rear
admirals on the reserved list in the British Navy.
( In Great Britain the commanders on the re-
j served list receive ^182 sterling; equal to $882,
. or $918 less than the reserved commanders in ths
United States Navy on the leave list, who receive
$1,800 a year.
A small number of. lieutenants on the British
reserved list receive seven shillings a day, or $1)62
per annum. Six hundred and fifty-eight lieuten-
ants on the British list receive only six shillings
per day—equal to $480 per annum, being $720 less
than the reserved lieutenant in the Navy of the
United.States receives. Our lieutenants on the
reserved list, with leave pay, receive $1,200 a
year.
From these facts, I deduce the conclusion tt^at
the complaints which have been made against
this law and its operation are destitute of founda-
tion ; that the officers who have been retired in
our service have been better treated and better
paid, than men of the same grade in England^ and
if they have not equal honor /writh officers "of ih«
same rapk^n Great Britain , it is not the fault of
their Government, which has expressly set apart
this list for the purpose of honoring them ^nd
rewarding them for their services. It is not ojily
so declared by the Secretary of the Navy, but
also by the officers of the naval board, as you
will find by referring to the correspondence be-
tween Lieutenant Maury and the officers of that
board.
.There is no retired-pay list for the benefit of
any civil officer. Jefferson and. Monroe retired
poor after all their services; and so did many
other civilians- who were reduced to poverty-in
the public service; but there was no such, hojior
or reward-secured for tliem. \ 1
Then, sir, why is it that we hear, day «$er
day, such a constant clamor that the naval veter-
ans who have been retired from our service have
heen disgraced ? I have before me the memorial
of Lieutenant Maury, who cries out that he has
been officially disgraced. How disgraced ? JBy
being put on th« highest grade of the reserved
list on, leave pay, receiving the highest compen-
sation of any one on that list. What does he
actually receive? I have heard honorable:Sen-
ators debating this que at ion, constantly referring
to that distinguished man as an example of the
injustice *>f the Government, and particularly of
the President, the- Secretary of the JN vy, and
