338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
discussion;" " Too late."] I want an answgr to
that question before I cast my vote.
Mr. RUST. I call the gentleman to order.
The question comes from a wrong quarter.
Mr. BARCLAY. I am in order. I am upon
the floor; and before I cast my vote I desire to
know upon what platform the gentleman from
t South Carolina stands, and I ask him to answer
my question. I also ask him whether he has not
addressed a letter to the Hon. Humphrey Mar-
shall, of Kentucky? and whethe'rTie has made
any pledges satisfactory to the southern wing of
the National American party ?
Mr. BOYCE. I object to any questions being
asked.
Mr. BARCLAY. I ask the gentleman -what
his position is? I ask him if he has not written
such a letter ?
Mr. AIKEN. I am not a candidate for the
speakership. If my friends think proper to placc
me in that position, I shall serve them to the best
of my ability.
Mr. BARCLAY. I shall then withhold my
vote for the present.*
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire to say to the
House, that the gentleman from South Carolina
has addressed no letter to me upon any subject
whatever.
Mr. BARCLAY. I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky if he has seen any such letter?
Mr. PAINE. I desire to say a word.
The CLERK. Discussion is out of order.
Mr. PAINE. Inasmuch as one or two gentle-
men have been heard, I thought I might also be
heard.
The CLERK. The Clerk would state that the
gentlemen who have been heard, spoke when
their names were called in their regular order,
and there was no objection; but if the House
will hear the gentleman from North Carolina 
Mr. PAINE. All I want to lfnow is whether
they will extend the same courtesy to me they
have to other gentlemen ?
Mr. CULLEN (when his name was called)
said: I vote for Henry M. Fuller, of Pennsyl-
vania, to the last,
Mr. WALKER (when Mr. Henry M. Ful-
ler's name was called) said: I beg to announce
that Mr. Henry M. Flller has paired off.
Mr. LINDLEY (when his name was called)
said: 1 hope the House will indulge me in a few
remarks.
The CLERK. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Missouri will proceed. Is there
objection ?
Several Members objected.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL (when his name
was called) addressed the. Clerk.
The CLERK. Is there objection to the gen-
tleman proceeding ?
Several Membf.rs objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. 1 ask whether this House has
a right, under the parliamentary law, to prevent a
member from explaining his vote?
The CLERK. The gentlemen from Kentucky
are aware that the House is acting under a reso-
lution.
Mr. STANTON. I would suggest, purely as
a matter of expediency, whether it will not
greatly protract our proceedings if we allow these
personal explanations ?
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not think it will.
Mr. STANTON. I say it with great respect
to the gentleman from Kentucky.
* I take occasion to say, ray reference to a letter having
been written to tlie Hon. Humphrey Marshall, or, in-
deed, a letter having been written at all by Mr. Aiken, was
not correct. 1 was so infoimed ,iust before tin- final ballot
came on: and lienee my inquiry of the position of Mr.
Aiken. A -1 have since been informed, the facts are these :
The Hon. Mr. A. K. Marshall, of Kentucky, propounded
certain inquiries to the Hon. Mr. Aiken alter the balloting
under the plurahtyrule commenced. Oneof which was—
Are jou opposed "to the American party? To which Mr.
Aikrn replied in substance as follows: " I have never said
anything against that party. [ have never opposed them,
and have no teeling against that party." As a Democrat
who indorsed fully the resolutions passed at the caucus
referred to, I could not consent that the position of the
party should be abandoned, and our candidate, the Hon.
James L. Oris, laid quietly on the shelf by a mere resolu-
tion offered in the House, without caucus consultation;
and especially under the circumstances referred to, 1 could
not .east my vote for Mi. Aiksn, though he is a gentloinan
whom I esteem very highly, without a public avowai ot his
position.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is the last
ballot, and gentlemen cannot take more than ten
minutes in explaining. I hope there will be no
objection made.
Mr. STANTON. I will withdraw the ob-
jection.
Mr. JONES. I am willing to sit here until
twelve o'clock at night, to enable gentlemen to
explain their votes upon this ballot.
The CLERK. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Kentucky will proceed.
Several Members objected.
Mr. READY. The House has power to grant
leave, and I move that leave be given to the gen-
tleman to proceed.
The CLERK. The Clerk will read the resolu-
tion which the House itself adopted, and under
which it is now acting.
Mr. HERBERT. I move to rescind that reso-
lution.
, The CLERK. That motion is not in order
during the call of the roll. The resolution is as
follows:
Resolv&L That during the call of the roll no debate or per-
sonal explanation shall be m order, and this rule and the ten-
minute rule shall not bo suspended except by the unani-
mous consent of the House.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not think I come
within the purview of that resolution. Read it
again.
The resolution was again read.
The CLERK. The gentleman will see that a
single objection suffices to prevent him from pro-
ceeding.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Several gentle-
men have been permitted to explain.
The CLERK. By the unanimous consent of
the House.
Mr. JONES. Certainly, sir; and I hope others
will be allowed the same privilege.
Mr. PURYEAR. It is evident that there are
several gentlemen upon this floor who deem it
important that they should give their reasons for
their votes. I hope, therefore, that that rule will
be suspended.
The CLERK. That is not in order.
Mr. PURYEAR. I know that it would bo
highly gialifying to many gentlemen here to have
an opportunitv of explaining their course.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I sec before me agon-
tleman of the Democratic party, whose acquaint-
ance I formed on my way to this city, while trav-
eling together in the cars. We conversed freely
together. During the protracted struggle which
we have had here, now about to close, I have
been often reminded of, to me, an interesting and
impressive conversation which occurred between
us. The position of parties on this floor, and
especially the action of that little band of friends
with whom I have acted, and the attitude in which
we all stand before the country just now, remind
me most forcibly of what then passed. He, in
reply to hopes confidently expressed by me, told
me 1 was young as a politician, and a stranger to
the constitution and character of political combi-
nations; that when I should reach Washington
I would find that the American party had no real
existence; that in the North it was merged and
lost in a different and indeed an antagonistic prin-
ciple; that the few southern men who would
meet here, unsustained by, unassociated with,
and wholly unaided by northern support, would
not be able to make the least stand or show as a
party on the floor of Congress. I think my friend
will take back that declaration now, and I think
I can say with truth that, with northern friends,
few but faithful, we have not only stood here as
a distinct and separate party, but that we have
fought a good fight.
But gentlemen, my friends, we have not yet fin-
ished our ctrarse. We have yet a duty to perform.
The battle in which we have till now been en-
gaged, has been a party fight. Wo have been
contending for party existence, for party suprem-
acy. We have demanded from our Democratic
friends a recognition of our existence, our re-
spectability, our patriotism; and an acknowledg-
ment upon their part that they did us injustice in
the opinion they expressed by the resolution
passed in their first caucus, and the declaration
made in regard to us in that resolution. We have
fought a good fight for our party; and we have
done more—we have conquered for them. The
1 Democracy have no candidate for the office of
Speaker before us now. Is there a nominee of
that party here ? Is there a Democratic platform
now presented which bears on its face an offense
and indignity to the American party? No, sir;
neither is before this body now. They have lost
sight of both, and why should we remember them
longer ?
So far, then, we have fought a good fight; but
I repeat to my friends we have not yet finished
our course. Wehaveahigher,more sacredduty
to perform. Having done thus much for our
party—having done all that party could require—
having done all that it has been our duty as party
men to do—having, as I believe, proved our-
selves equal to any contest, and now standing here
upon this battle-field victorious over the much
larger numbers who have assailed us, we have
a duty to perform to our country. Looking at
the condition of this House and the country, we
should ask what is our duty now ? Notas party
men, not as members of any particular organiza-
tion, but as Americans. I appeal to those who
have been acting with me thus far, who have acted
in accordance with principles which they and I
have justly advocated, whose conduct through-
out I am proud to applaud, whose bold and fear-
less defense of their principles has commended
itself not only to their friends but even to their
enemies, and won for them an acknowledgment
and recognition far more honorable than any mere
numbers could command.
What, I ask, is now our duty? Our gallant
leader—and I leave him with as much reluctance
as ever clansman left his honored chieftan—has
fallen—not dishonored. Nay, he has not fallen;
but gracefully and gloriously retired from a con-
flict in which he has met every issue openly,
stood every test without flinching, passed each
heated ordeal without even the smell of fire upon
his garments, and retires beloved by his friends,
and admired by his enemies. [Applause on the
Democratic side.] Now, what must we dor Sir,
there is presented to us this question, in my view
of it: Shall there be a sectional organization of
this House, such as would provoke and excite a
portion of the people of this country, and bring
about an agitation which is to be deplored, and
might prove dangerous, or shall we for a time
give up our particular party organization, and
unite with those who, having already done this,
are willing to act with us, and witli whom we
agree upon the great paramount questions of the
day ? 1 wish to be understood here and at home.
My position is somewhat peculiar in this House.
I have been for years a Democrat; I am one still,
as 1 think. 1 represent a Whig constituency—a
district which has heretofore been largely Whig—
and I owe to Whig votes my position on this
floor; but, sir, I represent an American constitu-
ency, real, true; and never will I, for a moment,
abandon the principles of that American party;
and in voting now for one acting with the Demo-
crats, I shall do so under the firm conviction that
those who are my friends at home will excuse—
nay more, will approve—the course I now take,
when, on the ground of absolute necessity, and
in accordance with the principles of Americanism,
I cast my vote to save, if possible, the country
from degradation. Having, as I hope and believe,
thus far faithfully pel formed my duty to my party,
I continue that course now by casting my vote for
my whole country. I vote for Mr. Aikex.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to give notice now
that I shall hereafter, without respect to friend or
foe, object to any further discussion during the
call of the roll.
Mr. WALKER. I am about to vote for a man
in no spirit of partyism.
Mr. STANTON. I object to the gentleman
proceeding.
Mr. WALKER. I make no speech; but 
Mr. STANTON. I object.
Mr. WALKER. I am not going to make a
speech. I have only to say, that I vote for a man
who has not sought office—to whom office has
been tendered—a mail true to the Constitution of
the country. I cast my vote for William Aiken.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the House to indulge me
in a single remark.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
Mr. PAINE. I wish merely to say 
Mr. STANTON and others objected.
Mr. PAINE. I do not wish to say anything
out of order.
