328
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 1,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
more than twenty-oneyears. It is true he has per-
formed some service on board surveying schoon-
ers in the revenue (not the naval) service for a
short time; but on board a man of war he has
not set his foot in the service or wet lua jacket
for more than twenty-one years. After so long
an absence from the duties of his profession, can ;
he be s« well acquainted with it as those who
have been constantly engaged in performing their
duty •« board ship? A lieutenant is constantly
liable to be called t# the executive command of
the deck. Is he the man to manage a sffip in a
gale of wind, when there may be five hundred or
one thousand men on board? He no doubt thinks
he is compete'nt to perform all the dutiea of a
lieutenant in the Navy, both afloat and ashore.
But, crippled as he was and infirm as we must j
believe that he still is and must remain, would |j
he be a proper man to trust in a storm with the
safety of a ship, or the lives of five hundred
seamen, or in action to lead the boarders against
the enemy ? How would he climb up the side
of a ship and perform those daring and desperate
acts which are so often required of a lieutenant
of a ship engaged with an enemy ? In a gale of
wind, or wlicn the ship is on the lee or near the
land in a fog, the duty of the lieutenant is often
to go aloft, look out from the top-sail-yard, see
which way the ship heads, and keep & strict
watch. Is he capable of performing service like
that? Who will pretend it? Yet, I repeat, he
thinks, for he so says, that he is still competent
to perform all the duties of a lieutenant ashore
and afloat. I submit that the testimony is con-
clusive of the fact that the naval board did him
no injustice, but as his brother officers must have
been acquainted with these facts, and therefore
acted with the clearest light and the most incon-
trovertible evidence. To me it is strange he
should complain that, by being placed on this
leave list, with many other men whose names,
like that of Commodore Stewart, will be honored
forever in our naval annals, he has been dis-
graced. Such is his language: "Officially dis-
fraced," he and his friends constantly cry out j
ere, and that, too, although he has the letter
which the Secretary of the Navy addressed to ^
him personally, saying that the position to which :
he has been assigned is one of high honor, and
although he has also the letters of the individual
members of the naval board declaring to him the
same thing, and some of them asserting that the
idea of disgracing him never entered into their
imaginations, but that they intended to place him j
in a highly honorable position. _ I
In connection with the facts which I have just !
laid before the Senate, I beg leave to dwell for a j
moment on the pay allowed to this gentleman. !
It is computed by those who understand the sub-
ject better than 1 do, that his salary, with all the
appendages annexed, to whichallusion has been
made, amounts to something like $5,000 a year.
Compare that with the salary of a British admiral,
and how many timea more than the pay of a re-
tired high admiral of England does this gentle-
man receive, who complains that he is so much
injured by being put on the absence-leav«-pay
list of our Navy? You can soon figure that out.
I do not know a man in office within the limits
of the United States who is better paid for his
official service# than Lieutenant Maury; and,
therefore, I indorse what was said by the hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, when he remarked, that of all other men
this gentleman had the least cause to complain;
yet thpre has been more complaint about him
than nearly all the rest of the officers, either
dropped or retired, taken together.
My attention was directed, some time during
the fall of the year 1854, to some letters addressed
, by Lieutenant Maury to the people of the United
States, under the name of letters to his son. They
were, I suppose, after the character of Sir Walter
Scott's letters to his grandson. 1 presume the
object was to give instruction to the youth of the
country, to teach them how to live, and what to
prize as objects of honorable ambition. There
is a passage in one of these letters published by
him in the National Intelligencer on the 10th of
November, 1854, so remarkable in this connection,
that I desire to read an extract from it. I will do
him full, exact, and ample justice in the extract
which I shall read. He says, in this letter to his
son:
" You see, now, what a monument De Witt Clinton has
left behind him; and how, with the pick and the spade,he
has shaped the destinies of the State. I do not mean to
institute a comparison between him, with these implements,
and Jefferson, with his pen and ink, over the Declaration
•f Independence; but I wish you t« take Mr. Jefferson's
career after his election t* the Presidency, and De Witt
Clinton-s from the time he became identified with the Erie
canal, and tell me which veu would rather have—the fame
due Thomas Jefferson for works after his election to the
Presidency, or the fame due De Witt Clinton for seeking
to develop the resources of his State, and making her wel-
fare the goal of his ambition ?
" Thus you see, my son, that one can become a great
man—can win the blessings of posterity, receive the praises
of the good, and be crowned with honors—without being a
great general, or sea-captain, or anything else ia the gilt of
'Uncle Sam.' I hope you will never seek his'service. I
consider that I committed the great mistake of my life when
I accepted a midshipman's warrant in the Navy."
This passage has dwelt in my memory, because
I recollect well that, when I read it, I felt some-
what surprised that a gentleman standing high
in the Navy of the United States, as I had Defore
that always supposed he did, should so far seek
to disparage the American service in that branch
of our defense which has gained the name of
our country's right arm, as to say that the great
mistake of his life was in receiving a midship-
man's warrant, and entering the Navy. If that
was the great mistake of his life—if he would have
been a much greater or more successful man in
case he had never entered the service of his coun-
try, why is it that he is now so determined and
fixed in his purpose to remain in that service ?
Why should he care so much about remaining in
the service if he can advise all the youth of his
country never to enter service ? This sentiment
struck me—I submit to the Senate whether I was
right in my apprehension or not—as unpatriotic.
I trust this is not the lesson which an American
father is to teach his son. Devotion to his coun-
try; readiness to enter its service at all times when
required for its honor or its welfare; readiness to
sacrifice himself in its defense, if necessary—these
are the precepts which I think it becomes an
American father to teach his child. But, so far
as this distinguished gentleman has influence over
them, the American youth are cautioned never to
enter the service of Uncle Sam; and he says the
great error of his own lift was in accepting a mid-
shipman's warrant in the American Navy. Had
he confined himself to an admonition against
office hunting, I should have applauded the senti-
ment. That he, in his high and honored position,
should have thus warned the young men of the
country against seeking her service, under all cir-
| cumstances, or without any limitation, is, 1 think,
to be regretted.
I ask the attention of the Senate in this con-
nection to some observations contained in the
memorial of this gentleman. It is a very remark-
able document, and it is pregnane with attacks
upon all concerned in his retirement. I have
shown you that he has lost nothing by being1 re-
tired, that he stands At the head of the Observa-
tory with the large salary to which I have alluded;
but, though he has been treated thus kindly by his
country, ne has, because of the fact of his being
retired, assailed the Secretary of the Navy and
the naval board. He has charged the Secretary
of the Navy with ignorance of the law, and has
charged the naval board with tyranny, malice,
and envy; for the deductions of envy and malice
are irresistible from his statements. Let me read
from his memorial:
" Wherefore, your petitioner charges the board, or a ma-
jority thereof, composed of individuals to him unknown,
with having done iiijury to the aaval service, and the fair
fame of your petitioner. He accuses them of having passed
arbitrary judgment, which is tyranny. He charge? them
with having wantonly offended the majesty of the faw, and
with having acted contrary to the true meaning and intent
thereof. He charges them with having abused the power
intrusted to their hands—with having, by their mode of pro-
cedure, ignored the usages of the law, and spurned its most
cherished maxims. Finally, he charges them with having
violated the principles of natural justice, and with having
done outrage to sentiments that are very dear to the hearts
of all good citizens."
This passage is in keeping with. othera not less
violent, interspersed throughout his memorial.
So, too, in another place, speaking of the reg-
ulations drawn up by the Secretary of the Navy,
he says:
" There is reason to believe that some members of the
board misconceived their duty, and took the Secretary of
the Navy's regulations for instructions. If so, their find-
ings under them were illegal."
Is not this saying that the Secretary of the
Navy did not do his duty, and did not know the
law ? In another passage he states what I said
of his memorial before, that "he holds himself
now, as he has ever aimed to do, equal to the
prompt and efficient performance of any profes-
sional duty whatever, on which the Government
may be pleased to order him." He says he has
been '' disfranchised'' as well as'' degraded;'' and
that this board " without cause cast a stigma upon
his professional reputation;" and that " all the
precautions and checks tending to restrain preju-
dice, bridle envy, or curb malice, and to protect
those who were submitted to this cruel ordeal
from injustice, were totally neglected. ^ Thus the
door was left invitingly open to arbitrary, and,
therefore, tyrannical findings."
Lie®tenant Maury plainly leaves us to infer
that those naval officers who caused him to be re-
tired were interested in condemning him. It be-
comes then my duty,as an actof justice, to state
that the decision in the case of this gentleman
was made by twelve officers who were his supe-
riors in rank or grade, and could not, therefore,
possibly gain by the decision, and that one of the
three juniors was his own cousin. Then how is
it that he can, with any degree of propriety,
charge on these officers that they had an interest
in retiring him? The law itself required "that
no officers upon said board should examine into
or report upon the efficiency of officers of a grade
above them."
Again, he says in one part of his memorial that
a young lieutenant, Biddle, one of the three juniors
of his own grade, in a letter which he addressed to
him, and which evidently was intended in kind-
ness, had admitted that the board "would have
been bound to have a fling at science in the Navy,
and remove your petitioner (Lieutenant Maury)
from the active list." Is it unjust to say that he
here considers himself the impersonation of
science? Sir, I do not stand here to detract from
his character for science. I have nothing to do
withthat. Scientificmen will judge of that. They
are better able to form an opinion on such a point
than I am, or than probably most of us here are. I
have nothing to do with it; but I have something to
do with that part of his memorial which seems to
treat service on shore, in the pursuit of science, as
being of equal merit in the naval profession, with
active service on board a man of war afloat. I
' deny that. I say that the naval officer who serves
his co'-'ntry well on the ocean is entitled to be
ranked in the highest order of merit; that, while
| he who is on shore is not to be undervalued
for his services there, you cannot, with any
degree of propriety, lay it down as a rule, that a
man who is all the time on shore, exempt from
the dangers of the ocean, is as much entitled to
credit for services as, one who is constantly
exposed to the perils , of storm or battle on the
ocean. The contrary assumption would place
Nelson and Blake, Stewart and Jones, McDon-
oughand Perry, and Decatur and Shubrick, only
on the same footing with professors in colleges,
and those savans who in all countries are append-
ages of navies and armies. We have science of
the highest grade in our country outside of the
Navy. We do not expect that gentlemen in
the Navy will reach to as high a degree of per-
fection in science as men who are trained to it
from their boyhood and kept employed in it
steadily for their whole lives, we have such men
as Pierce at Cambridge, and Silliman and Olm-
stead at New Haven, and many more whom I
could name. We cannot expect that gentlemen
in the naval profession will rival the honor
which these men have attained in the ranks of
science, nor do I desire it. While, I trust, ! ap-
preciate the highest pursuits of science in its
proper place, I prefer in the naval officer just that
kind of character which belonged to Nelson, and
Blake, and De Ruyter, and Van Tromp, and to
the American heroes whose names I have men-
tioned.
But, sir, the Navy of the United States is far
from being destitute of science. We have still
on the active list some very able scientific men.
We Jiave now in our Navy—I name them with
