1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
pride anil pleasure—such men as Goldsborough,
Wilkes, Blake, Harwood, Davis, Dahlgren, Page,
Jenkins, Rodgers, Herndon, and many others
-whom I need not name, but who are well known
to their country: all the science of the Navy is
not in the possession of any one man. Some of
the men whom I have n^med are by their fellows
esteemed to be even Lieutenant Maury's supe-
riors in science. With -what propriety can it
be charged that the naval board made a fling at
science when the very men whose names I have
mentioned are retained on the active list of the
Navy, and he, though a gentleman whose claims
to science ought to be honored in the same con-
nection, is retired?. I cannot see that Lieutenant
Biddle, the junior officer he alludes to, is censur-
able for the opinion he expressed; and I believe
he stands above the reach of any imputation upon
his integrity or impartiality.
Now, Mr. President, I respectfully Bubmit to
the Senate that I have established the positions
which I desired to maintain in regard to this gen-
tleman—that no wrong has been done to him by
the naval board; that it is not true that he has
been officially disgraced; but, that it is true that
he has been properly assigned to a most honor-
able position; that it is also true, that he has been,
and still continues to be, amply and generously
rewarded by the country for his services. Then,
I dismiss him from my thoughts, and come to
the consideration of other cases in which it is
often said injustice has been done.
The honorable Senator from Texas presents, in
the foreground of his long string of accusations
against the board, the cases of Lieutenants Bart-
lett and Rolando, and Commander Ringgold.
These, I believe, are the gentlemen whom the
Senator from Texas and others have presented |
prominently as having, suffered from the action ,
of the naval board. I think I might leave Lieu- j
tenant Bartlett in the hands of the honorable
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Seidell,] who
yesterday addressed the. Senate in reference to
him. I think I need go no further. Sir, it is a
painful thing to me to investigate private charac-
ter on this floor—Senators will bear mte witness
that it has been forced upon me—but, having been
forced upon me in the just defense of the officers
of the naval board, it is my duty to meet it. I
approach it with extreme reluctance. I think,
however, the gentlemen of the Committee on
Naval Affairs will be able to make the most satis-
factory explanation in regard to the conduct of
. Lieutenant Bartlett. I know well enough what
.the proof before the committee is, but i will not
. now state it unless his friends desire it.
Now, I come to the case of Lieutenant Rolapdo,
who has just returned from sea in the Powhatan.
He was engaged in a gallant battle against the
. Chinese pirates. I do not believe there is any
charge against his character for integrity or gal-
lantry. The officers of the ship, who came home
with him, and his brother officers generally, are
the proper persons to consult. I will venture to
„ say they will not condemn the action of the board
in his case. What will the captain of the Pow-
hatan aayin regard, to the decision .in his case?
I do not state anything—for of.jny own knowl-
edge I know nothing. The lieutenant's ship-
mates undoubtedly have a reliable opinion, and
can state the grounds on which a decision should
have been made against him..
Mr. HOUSTON. State it.
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir, I will not state it.
I take no pleasure in stating anything which can
' hurt the feelings of any man in the Navy, or out
of it. I desire only to stand on the defensive;
but I do say, that the testimony of the officers of
that ship, and the testimony which the members
of the Committee on Naval Affairs can give, or
ought to have, will sustain the members of the
naval board, and that is enough for my purpose,
which is to injure no man, but to defend all I can
rightfully vindicate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would rather have the open
statement than innuendoes calculated to blast the
reputation of a gallant man.
Mr. CLAYTON. Sir, you have got, and will
get, no such innuendoes from me. Go to the
officers of the ship; I delight not in the utterance
even of unpalatable truths. I repeat, that I am
assured the testimony of those officers to whom I
refer will confirm the judgment of the naval board;
and there I choose to stop.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Senator for the
statement, so that if it is necessary I may repel
his charge when I come to reply to him. I wish
that the statement may be made now, so that I
may know what it is. I wish to have no after-
claps.
Mr. CLAYTON. Again and again 1 repeat,
the gentleman will find my charge to be this:
That, by the judgment of his own fellow-officers
in the Na.vy, he ought to have been placed pre-
cisely where he is; and that is sufficient.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the facts.
Mr. CLAYTON. The Senator must go to the
authority I have given him; and if that will not
satisfy him he must be hard to please.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would rather have the
statement now. I do not wish to go to officers
who may have skulked from the discharge of
their duty when Rolando performed feats of gal-
lantry beyond their emulation.
Mr. CLAYTON. I believe I have the floor.
The Senator is out of order.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Dela-
ware is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CLAYTON. The gentleman from Texas
must, like the rest of us, bide his time.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope the honorable Senator
, from Delaware will allow me to interpose. I do
.not wish my friend Rolando to be taken entirely
out of my keeping, though I kliow he is in the
hands of a very gallant man, who has defended
him better than f could. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Delaware one question. He says that
the board made & right decision in the case of
Rolando. I wish to ask him, after the develop-
ment of the tributes that have been paid to that
mem, he would not, if left to himself, reverse
their decision ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I certainly would not re-
verse that decision; but, according to what I
understand is the testimony in the case, I would
confirm it without any hesitation whatever. I
think my honorable friend from South Carolina,
when he comes to understand all the facts, will
confirm that decision also. Let him inquire and
be satisfied.
Mr. BUTLER. All I have to say is, that the
British admiral who watched his conduct states
that Rolando is an officer of uncommon merit;
and he has paid him the highest compliments.
I leave him with the tributes which the British
Admiral has paid to him.
.Mr. CLAYTON. And I leave him with the
American captains and other 'American officers
who have been with him daily and weekly, in
battle and out of battle. These are witnesses
whom I prefer to any British admiral; and on
their statements I am satisfied to rest this case.
If they will acquit him, so will I.
The Senator from Texas alluded to the circum-
stances connected with another distinguished
man—Commander Ringgold. He came home
as is charged- -and it can inflict no disgrace on
him—under a'visitation of Providence rendering
him unfit to command an American ship. I know
nothing against the character of this gentleman,
and if I did I would not state it. I do think,
however, that a man who is aflUcted with tem-
porary insanity is not qualified to command an
American man of war; and, although it is cer-
tainly to be regarded as a misfortune, and not a
crime, such a man, if subject to such insanity,
ought not to command any ship containing hun-
dreds of American sailors.
Mr. HOUSTON. Was the mind of Com-
mander Ringgold ever affected except on one oc-
casion, at Port Mahon, owing to an undue quan-
tity of quinine that had been administered to
him?
Mr. CLAYTON. I am very sorry to say to
the gentleman that I understand he exhibited,
while in command of his ship, decided evidences
of temporary insanity.
Now, sir, I have gone in a very imperfect way
through a part of my task, which I should gladly
have avoided; and I come to the discussion of
another part which I should be equally glad, to
avoid, if I could. The Senator from Texas, as
was well said by the chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, has thrown a drag-net over the
whole lives of all the gentlemen sitting on this
naval board. Captain Pendergrast was one of
them—a true gentleman, and a most admirable
officer in the American Navy, now commanding,
by the assignment of his Government, the finest
sliip that floats on the ocean. There is probably
no vessel in commission in any Navy superior to
the Merrimac, and he is her commander. This
fact of itself, backed by the uniform approval of
i hi  naval conduct by the Department under all
' | Administrations, would be a sufficient refutation
i of all those allegations against him which the
, Senator from Texas seemed to delight to dwell
; upon.
i But, sir, the honorable Senator seems to be
] peculiarly unfortunate in his attempts to injure
! these officers. His calls for information against
members of the board elicit information, not
against them, but against the retired or dropped
officers whom he wishes to defend. To use a
common adage, he often goes after wool, and
comes back shorn. [Laughter.] He sought to
make a haul on the naval life of Captain Pender-
grast, and in doing so he has made a disclosure,
for which I think the friends of Commodore Fox-
hall A. Parker will never be obliged to him. He
has dragged out the letter of Lieutenant May,
who preferred charges against Pendergrast, be-
cause Pendergrast, in the kindness of his heart,
refused to report Commodore Parker for intem-
perance on board his ship. The document con-
taining this charge ought never to have been
called for by the Senator from Texas. We had
no business with it. That feeling, however,
which seems to follow Pendergrast, and which
prompted the Senator to bring forward charges
against him of this description, meets with its
tj own punishment in the answer which was re-
i j turned from the Department. You find that Lieu-
tenant May, in his charge against Pendergrast,
I' thus states his point to the Secretary of the Navy:
! i " Sir, at this very time, when the admonition was for-
, warded to me by Commodore Parker, he was recovering
from a debauch, in which, only two nights previous, he waa
! howling drunk in his cabin, and for at week or ten days
previous was in a continual state of intoxication, to the
scandal of a proper example and good morals. And this
was no isolated case, for unfortunately the condition, that
of intoxication, with Commodore Parker, is of no unfre-
quent occurrence; thereby, in foreign ports, bringing disre-
pute upon our flag, as the commander-in-chief of an Amer-
ican squadron. I did [hope] that! this unpleasant duty of
communicating these things would have devolved, as of
right and duty it should, upon the captain of the ship, (Pen-
dergrast.")
The same document, thus produced on the call
of the honorable Senator from Texas, contains
the letter of Commodore Parker, on the subject
of this charge of Lieutenant May, in which he
deprecates a court-martial to try him on this
charge of intemperance, and says ne would rather
resign than submit to such an exposure.
Sir, if any man can take delight in dragging
into view such things as these, and publishing
them years after they have passed away, I will
j only say that I do not envy nim his enjoyments.
I dismiss this with the declaration that I have
always had, and yet have, high respect for Com-
modore Parker, both as an officer and a gentle-
man; and the information of his intemperance,
for which he is indebted to the honorable Senator
from Texas, was the first I ever had of the ex-
istence of such a>fault.
In the call which the Senator from Texas haa
made, he has exposed transactions affecting the
memory of the dead. He has raked and dragged
among the ashes of the honored old Commodore
Hull to bring up something from his pen against
the gentlemen who served on the naval board, and
now it becomes my duty for a brief period to
refer to what the Senator has elaborated so much
in the long speech which he delivered two weeks
ago in regard to this point. In the years 1838,
1839, 1840, and 1841, the noble ship Ohio, a first
class man of war of one hundred guns and a thou-
sand men, under the broad pennant of Commodore
Hull, was cruising in the Mediterranean. On
board of her were Pendergrast, Du Pont, Miss-
roon, and Godon, all subsequently officers of the
naval board. When the Commodore was about
to start from New York on this cruise, he received
an order from the Secretary of the Navy, which I
shall presently have occasion to read; but before I
do so I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
