1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
339
The CLERK. The gentleman from North
Carolina is out of order. Several members have
objected to his proceeding.
Mr. PAINE. I will not proceed if any objec-
tion is made; but I do not think there is objection.
Mr. STANTON. There is objection; I insist
upon carrying out the rule.
The CLERIC. No debate is in order under
the rule.
Mr. LINDLEY. I do not see why the gen-
tleman from North Carolina should have the rule
enforced against him, when others have been
permitted to make explanations during the call
of the roll.
The CLERK. The gentlemen to whom the
gentleman from Missouri refers were permitted
to procccd by unanimous consent.
Mr. STANTON. They were permitted by
genera] consent; after which I expressly gave
notice that I should object to any further expla-
nations being made, by friend or foe, during the
call of the roll. I am only carrying out that
notice.
Mr. WALKER. You have got your Speaker.
Now you certainly cannot refuse to give us a
chance to explain our positions.
Mr. STANTON. I am not at all so certain of
that. I want the vote to be announced, and then
I will withdraw all objection.
Mr. PAINE. I will violate no rule of the
House, but I desire to say 
Mr. STANTON and others objected.
The CLERK. Objections are made by several
gentlemen, and the Clerk hopes order will be
maintained.
Mr. LINDLEY. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] one question.
The CLERK No debate is in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. I make the
motion 
The CLERK. No motion is in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I rise to a question
of order.
The CLERK. That the gentleman has the
right to do.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My point of order is,
whether the House has, at this stage of the pro-
ceedings, the right to pass a resolution that will
take from a member the right to give the reason
for casting his vote ?
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the point of
order is not well taken. The House has been
aeting under the resolution ever since its adoption.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, sir, I submit the
point of order.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Ken-
tucky persist in his objection ? The Clerk makes
110 decision.
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, sir, I will withdraw
it.
Mr. PAINE. Is it out of order to ask a ques-
tion of the Clerk?
The CLERK. That is not out of order.
Mr. PAINE. Then I wish to ask the Clerk in
all rcspect, whether it is in order for me to say
that I —— [Cries of " Order!" and much laugh-
ter.]
The CLERK. It is not in order to ask ques-
tions in the nature of debate.
Mr. PAINE. Oh, I am not debating; I am
asking a question of the Clerk, which the Clerk
has decided to be in order.
Mr. STANTON. I have several times objected
to the gentleman from North Carolina, or any
gentleman proceeding with remarks during the
call of th§ roll. Now, sir, I am not willing to
take the responsibility of standing out against the
House. If there is no one else to object, or to
sustain me in my objection, I shall make no fur-
ther opposition to any remarks that any gentle-
man may choosc to submit.
Mr. SHERMAN, Mr. KNOWLTON, Mr.
TAPPAN, and others, objected.
[The confusion, which had all along been very
great in the Hall, now became so general that it j
was found impossible to proceed.]
Mr. COX. I rise, to a question of order. I
insist that the call of the roll shall not proceed
further—that nothing shall proceed further until
members, standing up all over the Hall, lake their
scats.
Mr. PAINE. I understand, Mr. Clerk, that
it is in order to ask a question of the Clerk.
Several Members called to order.
The CLERK. The gentleman from North
Carolina is out of order. The Clerk will say that
he has repeatedly called upon gentlemen standing
in the aisles and area to take their seats, but in
all cases his call has been disregarded.
Mr. PAINE. I understand now, Mr. Clerk,
that all objection has been withdrawn.
Mr. TAPPAN and others objected.
Mr. PAINE. Well, sir, it is in order for me
to vote. I am going to vote for a man who is in
favor of maintaining this Union. I vote for the
gentleman from South Carolina, William Aiken.
I know him to be a Union man^and an American.
Mr. LINDLEY. I now desire to say a word;
and I am sure there will not be any one to object
to it.
Mr. TAPPAN, Mr. KNOWLTON, and
others, objected.
Mr. LINDLEY. I should like to state a
reason for the vote I propose to give.
The CLERK. It is not in order.
Mr. LINDLEY. I know it is not; but I trust
I may be alio wed, as I am not a Massachusetts
man nor a South Carolina man, to strike a com-
promise line between them. I have said two or
three times that I could not vote.
Mr. SHERMAN and others called to order.
The CLERK. The gentleman must see that
objections arc made to his proceeding.
Mr. LINDLEY. I understand that the objec-
tions have been withdrawn. I want to say a
word to my friends here, for I think 1 have some
left yet.
The CLERK. The Clerk again informs the
gentleman that he is out of order. Objections
are made to his proceeding, and no debate is in
order.
Mr. LINDLEY. Well, sir, then I will vote.
I cast my vote for a man for whom I have very
groat personal regard, and who is a national man.
His name is William Aiken.
Mr. HOFFMAN rose, but was received with
cries of " No debate."
The CLERK. The Clerk must remind the
gentleman that all remarks are out of order.
Mr HOFFMAN. I desire to give an expla-
nation of my vote, but as the House is evidently
averse to hearing it, I will forbear. I vote for
Mr. Aiken.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of
order. I want to know what delays the an-
nouncement of the vote?
Mr. COX. I rise to a question of order. I
again insist that members shall take their seats
before any proceedings are permitted.
Mr. McMULLlN. I have not voted. Before
doing so, I wish to inquire of the Clerk whether,
under the rule which has been adopted by the
House, I have the right to now expLun my vote.
The CLERK. The gentleman has not the
right to explain, unless there is unanimous con-
sent.
Several Members. I object.
Mr. McMULLlN. Then I vote for Mr. Aiken.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, took the floor.
[Cries of " I object to any explanation !" "Or-
der!" " Declare the vote !" "Hear him!"] I
stand here recognized by the Clerk.
The CLERK. The gentleman is out of order,
if he intends to address the Clerk.
Mr. SMITH. I did not design to even explain
the vote which I intend to give; but 1 would like
to make a remark or two. ["Loud cries of order!"]
I hope I will be indulged. [Cries of "Order!"
II Hear him!"&c.] Then, Mr. Clerk, under the
word protest, Ivotefortlie-Hon. William Aiken.
Mr. COX. I rise to make a motion that is
always in order; I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The CLERK. During the call of the roll no
morion is in order.
• Mr. EDMUNDSON. There is a matter which
ought to be explained 
Here Mr. BENSON, one of the tellers, taking
the roll, said: Gentlemen, the following is the
result of the one hundred and thirty-third vote;
Mr. Banks, 103; Mr. Aiken, 100; Mr. JVller,
6; Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, 4; and Mr. Wells, 1;
therefore, according to the resolution which was
adopted this day, the Hon. Nathaniel P. Banks,
Jr., a Representative from the State of Massa-
chusetts, is declared Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives for the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
This announcement caused the wildsst excite-
ment. The Hall rung with repeated cheers and '
hisses. After orderwasin some degree restored,
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL said: Mr. Clerk, who
empowers the gentleman from Maine to make the
declaration which he has made ? Who is he; that
he should declare who is, and who is not, the
Speaker of this House'?
The CLERK. The Clerk appeals to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, to remember that at the
beginning of the session the Clerk, without ob-
jection from anybody, appointed four tellers.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Benson] is on®
of them. It was understood between the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Dowdell] and the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Benson,] that if Mr. '
Banks were elected, the latter, and if Mr. Aikbn
were elected, the former, gentleman should an-
nounce the result to the House.
Mr. MARSHALL. I say, Mr. Clerk, that
according to the terms of the resolution, even, Mr.
Banks is not elected the Speaker of this House.
I ask that it be read.
Many of the members crowded to the area, and
remained standing around Mr. Marshall.
Mr. MARSHALL. I hope gentlemen will re-
sume their seats, for I intend to fight this out.
The CLEPtK. The resolution which the gen-
tleman wants read is in these words:
\
''Resolved, That the House will proceed immediately to \
the election of a Speaker vu:a core; and if, after the roll |
shall have been called three times, no member shall have !
received a majority of all tile votes cast, the roll shall again
be called, and the member who shall then receive the .
largest numbej of voles, piovided it be a majouty uf a quo-
rum, sAa/i fte declared duly elected ^peakei of the House of
Representatives for the Thirty-Fourth Congress."
Mr. MAR.SHALL. The resolution, however,
does not point out by whom that declaration shall
be made. There resides no power in the Clerk
of this House, who is, so far as I know, holding
his office merely by virtue of having been Clerk
before, either to make such declaration for him-
self, or to depute any (.uher to make it for him. 1
presume, Mr. Clerk, that the action of this body
is based, in no small degree, on the action which
was had in 1849. The course pursued then is a
precedent for what ought to be done now; and,
looking to the action in 1849, Mr. Banks, under
the terms of the resolution, must be declared
elected. Now, sir, who has the official right to
make such declaration, m the absence of oeing
empowered so to do by a majority of this House ?
The voice of that majority, and the voice of that
majority alone, can give sanction and force and
vitality to any action here. That declaration is
to be made—by whom ? Can the gentleman from
Maine make the declaration - Could I have made
the declaration ? And what power has he to make
it above any power which I possess on this floor?
You say that he has been appointed teller. By
whom? By an officer of this body ? Not at all;
but from the necessity of the case there is con-
tinued over an individual in the capacity of Clerk,
who calls our roll and takes our votes, and who,
to that end and no further, has any power in thia
body. I will ask my friend from Arkansas to
read the proceedings which occurred in 1849.
Mr. RUST. In 1849, under a similar condition
of affairs, a resolution was adopted of like char-
acter to the one under the operation of which the
House is now acting, and in the Journal of the
House of that time I find the following:
" IIowllj. Cobb, of Grorgia, having tereivcd ono hun-
ched and two voie-, borne: the laiye^i numbei cast for any
one member, under the icsohiiion adopted fv the House,
and being .1 majority of a quotum of the iiou-'e ;
"*• Mr. Stanly thereupon oiioi 'Jd the following 1 evolution:
"Resolved, That llowixr, Cobb, a R<'piesenta?ive from
the St'Ue of Georgia, be deeiaicd duly elected Speaker
of the tlou^e of Ilepiescntatives lor the Thiuy-Fjrst Con-
gress."
No Speaker, Mr. Clork, was declared elected
until that resolution was adopted.
Mt-. MARSHALL. And that, Mr. Clerk, is
the precedent on which wo now base our action,
Mr. RUST. The gentleman will permit me.
I was going on to state that, until a vote by yeas
and nays had been taken on the resolution offered
by fhu gentleman from North. O.roUna [Mr Stan-
ly] no Speaker was declared to have been elected
by this House. I supposed that the same course
was to be pursued to-day.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask now, in connection
with the remarks winch I have made, whether
that gentleman, who now acts as Clerk of this
House, and who lias presided with s© much fair-
