1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
Of course you can get that whenever you want it.
Those who have been here long understand that.
I do not think I ever knew a gentleman—at least
on a second application—who failed to get a rec-
ommendation of anything of this kind from the
Department. X have seen them brought in at the
last night of the session by armfulls—just as many
as you want. They can always be obtained in
one form or another, and I attach no importance
to them.
Mr. TOTJCEY. 1 understand that the revenue
collected at Detroit is only between $13,000 and
$14,000. I should like to be informed by the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] who resides
at Detroit, whether, if this building be constructed
with arrangements for a post office, that post office
will be so situated as to accommodate the people
of Detroit now, and hereafter in all probability?
Is the location of it as a post office such as will
accommodate the public?
Mr. CASS. I will answer the honorable Sen-
ator. I have heard no objection to the place
where it is located. It was located by an agent
sent out by the Government last year. I have
heard no difficulty about that. I take it that it is
as good a selection as could be made.
Allow me, while I am up, Mr. President, to
say that it would be a very false standard to
measure the business of the custom-houses on
the lakes which have intercourse with Canada,
only by the amount of revenue collected. Since
the arrangement made with England by the re-
ciprocity treaty, there is a very small amount of
revenue collected there; for the great bulk of the
produce pays no duty. The custom-houses, how-
ever, arc our places of check; and, in the large
towns—as Cleveland, Detroit, and Milwaukie—
they are overrun by applicants. The officers
have to make their entries, though the goods pay
nothing; and some places, to my certain knowl-
edge, are filled with them. Therefore the busi-
ness must not be measured by the amount of
duties collected. The duties are all collected on
the sea-board because there are scarcely any im-
portations on the lakes. There is no importation
from Canada. In the present relations between
the two countries, almost everything passes free.
Still we require custom-houses as checks; and an
immense business is doing in them.
The PRESIDENT. The hour appointed for
the spccial order has arrived; and it will be taken
up, unless the Senate direct otherwise.
Mr. STUART. I hope the Senate will take a
vote on this question. I do not wish to make a
motion which will interfere with the regular or-
der of the day/but I hope the Senate will consent
to take a vote on this subject.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
a vote will be taken.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I also have objections;
1 hope the Senate will not vote on the subject.
I made a proposition, when the joint resolution
came from the House yesterday, to the chairman
of the committee. I prefer that we should pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order, be-
cause that gets rid of this subject for the present.
The PRESIDENT. The special order will be
taken up.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. Iverson, on the
29th of February, for the appointment of a select
committee to investigate the action of the late
naval board.
Mr. BIGGS addressed the Senate at length in
defense of the proceedings of the naval board,
and of the course of the Executive department m
executing the law.
Mi". ADAMS followed Mr. Biggs, and occu-
pied the opposite side of the question, in condem-
nation of the proceedings of the board.
[The speeches of the two Senators will be found
in the Appendix.]
Mr. TOOMBS next obtained the floor.
Mr. WELLER. The hour is late, and as itis
important that we should have an executive ses-
sion to transact some business to-day that cannot
be done at any other time, I move that the further
consideration of this subject be postponed until
one o'clock to-morrow, and be made the special
order for that time.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Jlpril 30, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the call of committees for reports.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The Speaker laid before the House a communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Interior, in answer
to several resolutions of the House calling for
estimates, &c., for the construction of bridges at
the Little Falls; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
"WITHDRAWAL OF A PAPER.
Mr. MATTESON, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers in the case of James S. Abeel,
for the purpose of having them referred in the
Senate.
LANDS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. KELLY. Mr. Speaker, I desire now to
present, for the consideration of the House, a peti-
tion of the mechanics and woiking-mcn of the
cities of Now York and Brooklyn, asking Con-
gress to appropriate lands belonging to Govern-
ment to actual settlers. I desire to have it re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories, that they
may give the matter an early consideration, and
I trust a favorable one, and thereby do justice to
the petitioners, who arc worthy and respectable
men. But, sir, men of this character have too
often appealed to the Legislature of the nation
with but little redress; while corporations a:«d
monopolies have had the ear of Congress, the
working-man has beenneglected. Somemayhave
constitutional objections against the passage of
an act based on such petitions; but I trust, after
due consideration, they may see their way clear,
and vote for the bill of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, or some other equally favorable to the
working-men of the country, who are at times
nearly driven to starvation by the scanty subsist-
ence which they derive from a day's hire.
The argument may be used, and perhaps very
properly, that man should be left to his own in-
dustry and perseverance to procure a livelihood,
where health and strength are the predominant
features of his constitutional formation. But, sir,
Government should provide the way where it has
the means to do so without loss or the incum-
brance of the people. Nor should Government
make paupers of the people when it has such fa-
cilities to relieve them as the unoccupied domain
of our country. All men arc not possessed of
the same characteristics of energy and persever-
ance in the acquirement of wealth, and it is well
that itis so, for we might all become money
graspers and none artisans. Then why not give
the lands of your country—those parts of them
at least, which are now lying waste and unculti-
vated, and of no use to Government or to mankind
in their present state, to the hardy yeomanry that
they may till and cultivate them? By doing
so you also relieve the surplus population of
our large cities, where the increase is so fast that
all cannot be employed at their usual avocations,
and receive a fair stipend for their services.
Mr. Speaker, I have been led to make these
remarks in favor of the petition, having had the
experience myself of the want of employment,
and the great necessities that the working-man is
subjected to in large cities who, having every de-
sire to earn his living cheerfully by his physical
labor, yet too often cannot do so on account of
the scarcity of work, and the too small pittance
given. But I will not prolong my remarks on
this subject in its present state, but will give my
views more fully when the matter comes up be-
fore us for our action and final consideration.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Territories.
MESSAGE 3PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dicrins, their Secretary, announcing that
the Senate had passed the following bills, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House:
An act to continue the land office at Vincennes,
Indiana, and also at Dubuque, Iowa; and to as-
certain and adjust th.e titles to certain lands in the
States of Indiana and Illinois, formerly included
within the Vincennes land district; and
An act to transfer certain rights and duties con-
ferred upon the trustees of the town of Vincennes,
Indiana, to the Common Council of the city of
Vincennes.
Also, that the Senate had appointed Mr. Hun-
ter,Mr. Toucey, and Mr. Crittenden-the com-
mittee of conference, on its part, on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill of the
House (No. 68) to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriations for the service of the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1856.
CUSTOM-HOUSES.
Mr. WHITNEY, by unanimous consent, of-
fered, the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Reiolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he, and he
is hereby, requested to liifoim the House what number of
custom-houses are now m progress of erection, or under
contiact; where they are severally located ; the names of
contractors engaged upon their construction, and such in-
formation m relation to extras in the cost of construction
as it may be in ins power to give.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON THE INDIAN BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I propose the
usual resolution for terminating debate, under the
hour rule, upon the Indian appropriation bill in
two hours after its consideration shall again be
resumed in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I will state that my object
is to put that bill through for the purpose of send-
ing it to the Senate. There is no probability, I
presume, that any controversy will arise in the
House in relation to the bill. X desire, there-
fore, to have it disposed of; and then I will move
to take up the next appropriation bill, upon which
general debate can go on as well as wpon this.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio will not press that motion
mow. Let us go on with the regular order, and
hare committees called for reports,
Mr. CAMPBELL. It will require buta minute
to dispose of the motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I must insist upon the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is a privileged question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call the previous
question upon the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be pat; and being put,
the resolution was adopted.
gtfKi BILLS REPORTED.
jBb House then proceeded to the regular order
of business, being the call of committees for
reports.
Mr. EUSTIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, without amendment, the
following bill of the Senate: which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed:
An act to remove the obstructions to naviga-
tion in the mouth of the Mississippi river, at the
Southwest Pass and Pass a 1'Outre.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
same committee, reported back, without amend-
ment, the bill of the Senate for the improvement
of the harbor of San Diego, in California; which
was referred to the. Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back bills of the following titles;
which were severally referred to the Committee
ofthe "Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed:
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor at Conneaut, Ohio;
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Muakegon
river, in the State of Michigan;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor at Ashtabula, Ohio.;.and
