1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
A bill to improve the harbor of Galena, and
the channel of the Galena river, in the State of
Illinois.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mr. Speaker, I am also
instructed by the Committee on Commerce to
report back a bill establishing the collection dis-
tricts of the United States, and designating the
ports of entry and ports of delivery in the same,
and for other purposes; and to ask that its fur-
ther consideration be postponed until some future
day.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The bill is a very
long one, and ought to go to the Committee of
the Whole 011 the state of the Union. It ought
to be printed before we are called on to act on it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. My colleague on the
Committee on Commerce desires to make some
verbal amendments to the bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
Mr. MILLSON. Why docs my colleague
object ?
Mr. McMULLIN. I want the bill to go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WAc HBURNE. I hope the bill will not
be committed.
Mr. McMULLIN. And I, on the contrary,
hope that it wilt.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of tbu Whole on the
state of the Union; and also, that {he further con-
sideration of that motion be postponed to the
second Tuesday of June.
Mr. BOCOCK. I lisp (0 a question of order.
Can the.gentleman from Illinois make two motions
without yielding tile fiooi ? I know the House
indulges the practice in two instance.-.; a gentle-
man is allowed to make a motion and call for the
previous question 011 it; or to move to lcconsidor,
and then that motion be laid upon the table—but
in these two instances only. Beyond those
motions 110 gentleman can make two motions
without losing the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
moves to refer the bill to the Committee of tin:
Whole on the state of the Union. Under the
usual parliament;*!y courtesy, the gentleman is
entitled to the floor on that question, and he may
move that the further consideration of the motion
to commit be postponed to another day. If the
gentleman from Virginia insists on the regular .
order, that order will be pursued.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Iwitlul raw the. motion
I made, and now move that the further consider-
ation of the bill bo postponed to the day which I
have indicated.
Mr. fcjliWARD. I would be glad if the Chair
would state ho w the motion of thc^entiimiuu fiom
Illinois, if it be agreed to, would affect the business
on the Calendar. Will not this bill ciumse its
place oil the Calendar > WHB
The SPEAKER. If the motion to pnSP pone
be agreed to, the bill will come up on the day to
which it was postponed, the same as if the bill
were then reported; and the question will be on
the motion to refer the bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SEWARD. There is another question
which I wish to have settled in this connection.
A few days ago I introduced a bill in reference
to the obstructions in the Savannah river. It was
reported from the Committee on Commerce, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I made a motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was so referred.
That motion is still pending. The bill, however,
has not been placed on the Calendar in its proper
order-, and, if the motion to reconsider fails, it
will be put down some two or three hundred bills
on the Calendar lower than it would have been. I
wish to know what the rule is in this matter ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia can call up his motion to reconsider, as it is
a privileged question, at any time. Until it is
called up and acted on, the bill does not take its
place on the Calendar.
Mr. SEWARD. Ought not the bill to be
placed on the Calendar, as having been committed
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ? Ought it not to take the position on
the Calendar of the time of its reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state erf the
Union?
The SPEAKER. Under the practice of the
House, if a bill is passed, and a motion made to
reconsider while that motion was pending, the ;
Clerk, understanding the motion as instruction to '
retain it, would not send the bill from the House.
So with the motion to reconsider in the case
alluded to by the gentleman from Georgia: while
his motion to reconsider is pending, the bill does
not take its place on the Calendar.
Mr. SEWARD. Yet the bill has been sent to
the committee.
The SPEAKER. The bill remains in the cus-
tody of the Clerk until the motion to reconsider
is decided.
Mr. SEWARD. I waive the point.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Every gentleman must
be satisfied that this is a pretty formidable bill
from the looks of it; but it is one which is not
new to this House. Before any further action is
had, and in order that the House may understand
something of the subject, I desire that certain por-
tions of the letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the subject may be read. My wish is not
to ask tiny action now, but that the bill may be
placed m a condition where it can have the con-
sideration of the House. Jf it be sent to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
that will be the end of it. It has been prepared
with a great deal of care. Its preparation has
been m progress ilu several years. It has been
thoroughly examined by the Committees on Com-
merce of both Houses of Congress, in conjunc-
tion with the Treasury Department. I have no
doubt that there is a great and imperative necessity
for legislation on the subject. The only question
with the House is, whether it will keep the bill in
such a condition where it can be early acted on,
or send it to the Committee of the Whole on the
' state of the Union, without making it a special
order. The bill has been printed. The gentlc-
miin from "Maine, when he introduced the bill,
luul jt, out of the usual practice, ordered to be
printed. Members will find it m their boxes in
the Document room. 1 ask that portions of the
letter of the Secietary of the Treasury, which 1
have marked, may he read by the Clerk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the whole
letter bo read.
The SPEAKCTC. The letter cran only be read (
by unanimous consent. If there is no objection '
to the reading of those portions of the letter i
which have been indicated, they will be read bv i
the Clerk.
Mr. W-ASIIPu RNE. 1 suppose I have a
right to read the letter as a part of my remarks?
The SPEAKER. It can only be read other-
wise by the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will read the letter as
a part of my speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
it can be read by the Clerk if there is no objec-
tion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
Mr. WASHOURNE. I will read it.
Mr. W. then commenced the reading of the
letter, but was interrupted by
Mr. McMULLIN, who said: J rise to a ques-
tion of order. I understand that the proposition
before the House is the motion of the gentleman
from Illinois, to postpone the further considera-
tion of this bill to a day certain.
The SPEAKER. That is the question.
Mr, McMULLIN. My point is, that a mo-
tion to postpone to a day certain, is not debatable. ;
The SPEAKER. It is certainly debatable to
thehmitofthoscmattersbearingupon the motion, '
and showing the necessity for its adoption.
Mr. McMULLIN. But not to discuss the
merits of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I was not discussing
the merits of the bill, but was reading a letter to
show the necessity of its consideration, and for j
that purpose to postpone action upon it for the j
present. j
Mr. McMULLIN. My point is, that the gen-
tleman has no nsjht to discuss the merits of the !
bill. _ |
The SPEAKER. The Chairconccdes that the I
gentleman from "Virginia is right in that; but he |
does not understand that the gentleman from Illi- j
nois is debating the merits of the bill, but is speak-
ing to the motion which he has made. !
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am speaking only to
the motion, and will read the balance of the let-
ter.
Mr. W. then read the balance of the extracts
from the letter, all of which are as follows:
Treasury Department, July 11, IS54.
Sir: Under the resolution of the Senate, dated the 19tb
of January, 1803,1 have eau.-ed to be prepared the revision
of file levenne laws, of winch a copy accompanies this
communication.
The appropuation of $10,000 to accomplish tiiis work,
and which had passed, as I was told, both Houses of Con-
2iess, not appearing in the acts of the last  csfion, (having
toon omitted in the enrollment,) 1 was onlvable to procure
one commissioner (Hun. G. It. Bariett, of I'ennsj Ivaniaj to
engage in the revision, and Congress having reduced the
appropuation this session to $5,000, I was compiled to
dispense with his services after the two first chapters were
picpared, and the residue but lanly commcnced, all which
ha& retaided the work. The revision, as now pi denied,
lias been under tiie supervision of myself, my assistant,
P. G. Washington, my chief clerk, Gilbert Hodman, ana
Met pis. J. W. Barker, and J. F. Hartley, clerks m my office,
charged with questions daily anting under the levenue,
navigation, and passenger laws ; and, pnor to receiving us
present form, was subjected to the remaiKs and sugges-
tions of the most experienced persons at several of the
principal cu>tom-hou es. It has taken considerable time
andgteat labor. The whole legislation upon the subject
has been examined fiom the commencement of the Gov-
ernment to the present time. The fiist objcct was to ob-
tain a clear view of all the acts or Congress upon the sub-
ject; the second, what pan of those enactments had been
directly repealed ; the third, what part had been repealed
by conflicting enactments, so as to ascertain what was still
in force; the fourth, what part of the remammgenactments
wa? inapplicable to the pioscnt condition of our revenue
and navigation laws,and rvopmed modifications; the filth,
what additions were nccer^ary to make the enactments a
consistent whole, capable of a ptacncal and beneficial ap-
plication by our official coip«, and of ready comprehension
by tlio^e engaged in commevce and navigation.
Tiie other thirteen chapters, under the respective heads,
cmbmee cveiyihmg of the trusting law that it was deemed
expedient to iet<un, with mch additions as the experience
of the official coips pointed out as necessary. The prin-
cipal chancres will be found in the regwtiy of vessels for the
toieiirn ,tnd coasting trad", in abolishing the piovicion that
two thud-- of the ciew should be Aniencan sailors, and pro-
viding fh.n the tonnage of ve^ls should be the actual car-
ryuig tonnngc, and in abolishing all custom-house fees—
exempting those for recording sales, transfers, and mort-
gages of ships and vessels—and the twenty per cent, on
seamen's wages, as an hospital fund lor sick and disabled
seamen, and substituting therefor an hospital tonnage duty
on the vessd. These fifteen chapters give the present rev-
enue, navigation, passenger, and other laws, in connection
with many improvements. Their enactment would enable
the revenue officers, the inspectors, and s.hip-own<Ms, to &ee
and know the law as it exists, and would facilitate tiie
business of the customs.
All which is respectfully submitted.
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. b. r. Atchison', President pro tempore of the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
how many pages there are in that bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
there are three hundred and forty-two pages.
Mr. JONES. Perhaps the longest bill ever
presented to Congress; and certainly, sir, though
many of the provisions may be very plain, and
have received the careful examination of the
Treasury Department and of the committee, and
in the main may be right, yet it is a bill of very
great importance:and the gentleman from Illinois,
as every other gentleman upon this floor ivlio has
had any experience here must know, that that
bill cannot have an investigation m this House.
You must pass it, if you pass it in the House,
under the operation of the previous question; the
reading of it through will be merely a matter of
form; and, after the previous question has been
ordered, there will be no opportunity whatever to
investigate and amend its provisions.
Now, sir, here is the gentleman from Virginia
from the Norfolk district, [Mr. Millsov.] who
tells us that there are some of the provisions of
the bill, at least, which require amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Mere verbal amend-
ments.
Mr. JONES. But you cannot make even verbal
amendments under the operation of the previous
question; and I therefore conceive that the right
course to be pursued is to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
when we can close debate upon it, rcc?d it through
by clauses and sections, and thpn, in the mean
time, each member can have an opportunity to
examine that part of it which pertains to his par-
ticular locality, and to get such information as
will enable him to move such amendments ay will
perfect the bill. It can only be actcd upon intel-
ligibly in that way.
