1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE ^eiWRESSiODf *<il jOEE.
r 381
r 34th Cong....1st Sess.
■JVavaZ Retiring Board—^Ir. Qeyton.
'.' Senate.
that the ship was not there. They ascertained
that, if t'uoy undertook to .travel all over Europe,
as is now charged, to join her., it.would cost more
than their pay would allow. They therefore
placed themselves in Florence, the cheapest place
which they could find, and. there waited for. intel-
ligence from any and every quarter, in regard to
the ship. Thev expectcd to meet her at Spezzia,
but aj. last they found that she had gone to Mahpn,
and "they immediately returned there, and .pre-
sented their full explanation ts the Commodpre,'
and he was satisfied with it. There the case ought;
tohavesleptforever. They wereguilty of no Zac/tes, j
no delay, no neglect. They showed no disrespect i
to the Commodore. There was no fault to find
with them. Du Pont went back immediately. 1
The gentleman asked me on a former occasion :
if he did not malfe an apology. .No, sir. No i
apology was ever,asked of him, for he had, done
nothing to require an apology. But Cprnmodore |
Hull still kept the ladies on board of the ship,,in
. defianceof the orders of the Secretary of the Navy.
..There is a generalorder in.the Navy Department,
prohibiting the carrying of. Yomen on board of
ships of war without permigsjipn of.the Secretary
•f the Navy, and that permission i§ now never
granted, so far as I know.
Mr. HOUSTON. .Waa (that order in.-ejdst-
ence at that time ?
Mr. CLAYTON. - Yes, sir, an order was in
existence then and before "that time,.prohibiting
any officer from taking .women on board his. ship
without,the consent of the Secretary of.,theJNavy.
Besides, in this case, there was a special order,
as I have shown, allowing the Commodore, to
take the ladies on. board, but " with the express
understanding that the . ladies are to. reside on
shore during the cruise."
Now, sir, honored as the name of the gallant
Commodore Hull justly is, yet.we know Uiat.at
. the time of these occurrences, hewas about seventy
years of age. Old age is always honorable, but at j
thatadvanced period of life one naturally expects i
to find mnn " d\fficilis, querulus-—£aftigator cen#or-
que minor urn." And. naw, .with the, renewed ex-
, pression of my regret that the. honorable Senator
•from Texas thought it his. duty to bring the name
of sach a man in this connection, and the,con-
ductor these naval officers on, shipboard before
. the public, I_drop the subject to,meet another
attacks from hun against our.sailprs while engaged
in a battle with the enemies oftheir country on
shore.
The .Senator .frpm Texas. seemed to take par-
ticular pleasure'in disparaging all the. services of j
these naval officers. I stated on a former occasion j
the gallantry of one .hundred American.sailors, |
under Captain Du .Pont,, in Lower California, .in
the capture of San Vincente,. and of the cartel
where Lieutenant Hey wood was besieged. I said,
. speaking strictly on the authority of the com-
manding officer of the squadron in the Pacific, that
a more gallant achievement was not on record.
I say, now, it will bear the test of all the scrutiny
and of all the invidious , commentary . which the
. Senator from Texas can bestow on it. He.com-
plained that there was but a small number killed
or wounded on our side of the action. There
were thirteen known to be killed on the side of
the enemy, and by one statement .there were
thirty-five killed; and how many were wounded
no man undertook .to state. I understand .these
Lower Californians engaged in that action are
among the best horsemen in the world, quite
equal, if not superior, to theMamelukes of Egypt.
Tney can, as 1 have heard it stated by an officer,
now in this city, who was in Lower, California
at that time,.though.not engaged in fiis battle,
.'while riding ahorse at full speed wheel him on
an ox hide ! We know how they attacked and
besieged General Kearny with his troops, on
the {Sains of California, and how that General
"was relieved by a division.from the Congcess
. under Commodore Stockton. They do not fight
like the ordinary Mexicans. They are of the old
Castilian blood,,and are as brave and daring in
battle as any soldiers. Fifty of these men, com-
posing Penidas's veteranos, were splendidly armed
and mounted,in this action, on the finest chargers,
flanking our sailors, as they marched, firing on
them from the chaparral, and at every step our
men took fighting and impeding their progress.
The Senator from Texas, however, finds it to
his purpose to sneer at everything done by Cap-
tain Du Pout, because he was one of the naval
board, and, therefore, denies any merit, not only
to him but to all the other officers, and all the
seamen, who behaved so nobly in that action.
The commodore commanding on the station said
that the achievement was one, of. which " the
Navy Department and every- American would
' forever be proud." But, sir, the Senator from
] Texas finds no merit in it. It is with him asub-
; ject of derision and ridicule; and a ground, of his
j contempt for it is  forsooth, that-, there were .but
four riun wounded on our side, in the action.
Alas! what a pitiable thing it was that there
were only four of our men stricken down by the
bullets of the enemy! • If they had all been cut
to pieces, I suppose Captain Da Pont would have
been entitled to, great credit. Sir, I have not
learned to, , measure- the .importance of a com-
.m&nder's services to his country-by the number
of men under his command who are killed or
..wounded. If that were the rule, what should
■ we, think of the victories of Cr«ssy,--of Agin-
court, and of Poictiers ? In each of these actions
not more than twenty-five or, perhaps, fifty Eng-
lishmen were stricken down dv the enemy; and
yet these battles are considered, as among the
greatest that ever were fought, and they have
made the names of the- English Henry and Ed-
[ ward immortal. The Senator from Texas is so
, much better quafified to judge on such a subject
i than I pretend-to be, that it is. with all deference
< to him I venture to, .ask the, -question:. .Is it true
that we should judge of. theimerit-of- battles.-by
i the number of men we may Ipse in them ?
, i To determine this, let us look a moment!'at
, aome.ather victories achieved by American arms,
i In the battle of'New Orleans it was reported that
L only fourteen or fifteen.'were killed and wounded
..on.aur side. Many, thousands .were eragaged in
nthat contest. Welti, sir, another great battlehas
. been fought in modern times, called the battle of
. San Jacinto? and. the Senator from Texas has won
well the honors of the hero of . San Jacinto. In
that battle, according to the statement of his own
colleague [Mr. Rusk] to me, there were.but seven
.men - killed on the side of Texas—and they did
not all die on the field-~and only twenty men
were,wounded. There then-were twenty-seven
. stricken down.in an action where.seven hundred
men were erigaged on the Senator'a-side. Now,
if ODe hundred men in an action had four wounded,
seven- hundred should-have had twenty-eight;
.and that is more than were stricken down in the
.battle.which.shed such - honor upon the name of
.the Senator. I submit, then, that,by his own
rule, he would condemn the most brilliant act of
ihis life. Yet, the hero;of San Jacinto,has trans-
mitted his fame to posterity by that glorious vic-
tory; and,, regardless of this new.view of merit,
.men will continue to honor him for it in future
.ages.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Senator - permit
me to say a word in this connection ?
•Mr.-CLAYTON. Certainly.
.Mr. HOUSTON. It is very true that there
were not many killed on the sicte of the Texans,
in the battle of San Jacinto, but they did not de-
pend upon the report of -friendly Mexicans or j
Californians to tell them that there were- from
thirteen to thirty-five of the enemy killed. They
found about seven'hundred and thirty killed. I
say they found that many on the field. _
Mr. CLAYTON. The gentleman, it seems,
supposes that he honors himself by the statement
of tliat fact, but I regret that he. should measure
the glory of an achievement by the amount of
blood which is shed-in it,lowing from men, many
of, whom may have fled or ceased to resist. Let
.me tell him another fact. At :th,e battle of San
Vincente—an actioji of which I venture to .say
. evesry American Senator here b t -him is proud—
| the Californians who fell were -slain , in the heat
of-battle,: and our sailors wqujd -have been cut to
pieces had not the former fortunately fired, gen -
I erally too high. That, perhaps, was the effect of
[ their-firing on-horseback, or often from an ambus-
cade, behind, the chaparral. These Californians
were not in the habit of leaving their dead and
wounded on the field of battle, but carried them
oft on their swift horses, on which they could
easily «seape front any pursuit that an American
sailor could make after them. Let it be recol-
lected, to the honor of those engaged in this con-
flict, that the men whom Du Pont commanded
■and led to so brilliant a victory were seamen fight-
ing on the land. There was not a soldier among
them. The honor-due to them will be acknowl-
edged by all impartial men in all time to come,
when it is added that this little band was landed
at every; hazard, in. boats, through the surf,'in
presence of an enemy whose numbers they had
no- means of estimating; that, regardless whether
they, were to-encounter thousands,- whom they
had-quite as much reason to expect as hundreds,
they did not stop to measure the hazard, and con-
quered, as Lieutenant-Hoy wood s.ays, four times
their number. They risked the encounter when
-they had quite as-muchseaso.n,before-they landed,
• to expect the-«ji>position of ten times their force.
There lies the highestevidence of daring courage,
in; which-respect these sailors have never been
excelled.
Among th*<offieer& who were with Du Pont on
that occasion, and whose services the Senator
considered so trifling, were Lieutenant, now
Commander, S. C. Rowan, of Ohio; Lieutenant
Gieorge W. Harrison, of Virginia; Surgeon C.
D. Maxwell, of Delaware; Acting Master, w
Lieutenant, D. M. Fairfax, of North Carolina;
•Midshipman E. Vanderhorst, of South Carolina;
and« Midshipman, now Lieutenant,-Robert F.
Lewis, of the Distriot of Columbia, and ethers.
-To -test the justice of'the honorable Senator's
view of-this achievement of theee officers and sea-
men, on. which be dwelt so long, it may be Well
to compare their losses with those of some whose
•brilliant actions- on the ocean-have made -our
countrymen proud whenever they are mentioned.
"We Bhould expect even greater loss on ship-
board from the-splinters and falling spars in> a
naval action than in an engagement by the same
number-on land. Let'us take first in order the
action of Commodore Hull, in the frigate Consti-
tution, with the British frigate Guerriere. Our
ship,. I suppose, had about five hundred men,
a<nd. the. British vessel,, as'-appears by Cooper's
•Naval History; had two hvwdredand sixty-thrae,
of whom ten,were Americans, who-were ordered
or- had leave to go below, and did not participate
in the-action. The,-British'frigate was cut to
pieces* and sank. -There were but five killed asd
seven wounded, on the part of the Americans.! If
• five hundred men have twelve cut down in battle,
on the Senator's principles one hundred men
will do very.well when they lose four.
Take, the - ease - of Decatur's victory in' the
United States over- the-Macedonian. There were
seven, killed and seven wounded—fourteen out of
-five hundred—a loss smaller in proportion to num-
bers, than in the battle,of San Vincente. Take
Commodore Stewart's glorious action in-the Con-
stitution, against the Levant, and Cyane, where
he captured them both; an action in-which the
brave Shubrick, whom the Senator has attempted
to assail, was honored by-his commander with the
duty of taking possession-of the enemy's ship,
the Cyane. In that action there were out ,three
killed and twelve wounded, and the Senator can
cipher out by the rule of three-how small ah affair
that would have been on the principles on which
.he: has depreciated the action m lower California.
Why,.sir, if the-American people could hear
him commenting omsuch,actions^they might think
all these victories of ours amounted to nothing,
because no more were killed and wounded. Let
.us go back a little further, to the time when Trux-
.toni fought the first battle which gained us reputa-
tion as a naval Power. I refer to his victory over
.the French frigate 1'Insurgent, which had four
hundred and nine men onboard, while the Con-
stellation had somewhere^about the same number.
What was the result of that splendid victory tfver
which the American people have rejoiced ever
since ? There was not one man killed, and there
were but three wounded! If the Senator from
Texas were to handle that, would he not make a
case out of it? Would he not show that old
Truxton was -not a.hero after all, and that his
fight was not worth talking about ?
Let us take another ease—the action between
U*e Hornet and the Peacock. There was an ac-
tion where Lawrence in the Hornet had many
