1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
341
>/
the least doubt that Mr. Banks is elected Speaker
of this House, and I suppose it would be the
common judgment of the House that he has been
duly elected. It is a clear proposition, thatwhen
any one man, or any body of men, have a duty
to perform, a duty is implied to use the means to
accomplish the performance thereof. It was the
duty, in my judgment, of the conservative mem-
bers m this House to combine in order to prevent
the election which has just been achieved, and
this result, deplored by-so many upon this floor,
is the effect of a bungling management which I
shall take occasion to follow no more forever.
Mr. RUST. I rise to a point of order.
The CLERK. If the House will permit, the
Clerk will present the proposition of the gentle-
man from South Carolina. The gentleman asks
permission to escort the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Banks] to the Chair, as Speaker
elect of this House.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope, a vote will be taken
upon that, and that there will bo no objection.
Mr. RUST. I submitted a resolution, which
is now pending.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I offered a substitute for
the proposition of the gentleman from Arkansas.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Arkansas
has not the floor, and his proposition is not now
before the House.
Mr. RUST. I have not yielded the floor.
The CLERK. The gentleman rose for the
purpose of presenting a point of order, and not
for debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I have the floor
myself.
Mr. RUST. I took the floor upon a point of
order, and I shall keep it until the point of order
is decided.
The CLERK. In the opinion of the Clerk, the
gentleman is not in order. When the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] was addressing the
House, he yielded to the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Clixoman,] and then the gentle-
man from Arkansas rose for the purpose of pre-
senting a resolution, which was merely m the
course of the remarks of the gentleman from
North Carolina.
Mr. RUST. Was it not by the consentof the
gentleman from Ohio ?
The CLERK. The Clerk does not understand
thot the resolution was offered, but only read for
information. It would have been very extraordi-
nary had the gentleman offered his resolution in-
termediately be tweon the beginning and end of the
speech of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. RUST. It may have been extraordinary,
but it nevertheless was the fact.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will offer a resolution which I think will ob-
viate any objection.
Mr. RUST. 1 will hear the gentleman's reso-
lution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I propose to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Rbiohcd, That, by reason of the adoption of the proposi-
tion known a-i the plurality le-nliilion, and the voles taken
tnin'm it, the Hon. Nathan-h i, P. Basks, jr., lias been duly
clio&en ripeaket, and is hereby *=o deehueil.
[The House was in great confusion, members
all over the Hall addressing the Clerk, and making
various propositions.]
The CLERK. The Clerk appeals to gentle-
men to preserve order. It must be evident to
them that he cannot recognize half a dozen at a
time, nor any one at all, while a gentleman is
occupying the floor.
Mr. RUST. The point I make is, that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. B wksj must be
declared elected by a major-ity of the House before
he can be so considered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Very well. If it will meet
the views of the gentleman, I will add to the reso-
lution ,'' and is lie! eby declared to be duly elected.''
Mr. BARKSDALE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the adoption of that resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I have the floor.
Mr. BARKSDALE. No, sir, I claim the floor;
and again I demand the yeas and nays upon the
adoption of the resolution of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.]
The CLERK. The Clerk must say that the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Smith] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Clerk, I understand the
honorable gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Aiken] has expressed a personal desire to escort
the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] to the chair. Sir, I wish to say
how much I admire the sentiment. I wish to
express my earnest desire that the House will,
by general consent, agree to the proposition
simply coming from the gentleman from South
Carolina. Let them do it, and how much will it
not do to heal our dissensions! How much will
it do to pour oil upon these troubled waters!
The honorable gentleman from South Carolina,
who has been voted for for Speaker, and with
almost sufficient strength to secure his election,
now comes forward, in the true spirit of southern
chivalry, which cannot be sufficiently admired,
and offers to escort the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts to that chair to which he has been
elected. Let the House accede to the proposi-
tion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Once more I demand the
yeas and nays upon the proposition of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina.
Mr. SMITH. I have not yielded the floor. Is
there any man in this House, Mr. Clerk—espe-
cially is there any one here who voted for the
plurality rule, when looking at the question im-
partially, who is not willing to say that Mr.
Banks has been elected regularly, fairly, and
honorably? I trust not. If, then, it be conceded
that he has been thus regularly, fairly, and hon-
orably elected, I say that he ought to be escorted
to the chair without further delay; and the
conduct of the gentleman from South Carolina,
in presenting this request, makes me proud that
I have voted for him, although, as I have before
remarked, I did it with very great reluctance.
I repeat, sir, that I hope the request of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina may be accedcd to
without objection. I say, that when grown-up
men make a child's bargain they ought to stick
to it. If gentlemen, by voting for and adopting
the plurality rule, have elected the man they did
not want elected, they ought to stick to their
bargain.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the adoption of my resolution.
Mr. SMITH. 1 have not yielded the floor.
The CLERK. The CJerk would suggest that
the time of the gentleman from Alabama is out.
Mr. BOYCE. I merely desire to say to the
House, not by way of raising any factious oppo-
sition, but in order that our action upon this oc-
casion may be, as I conceive, strictly in accord-
ance with the letter and spirit of the Constitution,
and may not hereafter be drawn into a false and
injurious precedent, that I cannot agree with the
distinguished gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Cungman,] that a majority of the House
may delegate to any numberless than a majority,
the absolute right to elect a Speaker, because it
is in opposition to that great fundamental maxim,
that delegated power cannot be delegated. The
authority which wre hold here as meyibers of this
House is an authority delegated to us by the
people under the Constitution. That authority
we cannot delegate. And when it is required to
be exercised by the House—meaning a majority
of the House—less than a majoi ity cannot exercise
it. V True, the majority may point out a particular
mode by which a minority may point out who
shall be the Speaker. That I consider to be a
legitimate mode of proceeding, though it is a mode
that I would never consent to adopt, so far as I
am concerned, because I think it is a principle
dangerous for the South to concede. I think that
the safety of tiie South requires that they should
insist in every cale that the mode prescribed by
the Constitution should be carried out in its plain-
: est sense, that the full action of a majority should
J be required.
But, sir, in this particular case, the House has
agreed, by a majority, that, in a specified form,
the minority might point out who should be the
Speaker, and ii seems to me that, in good faith,
those who have voted for the plurality rule are
bound to vote for the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts. I did not vote for that rule, and,
therefore, cannot vote to declare him Speaker;
but it seems to me that those who did are, in good
faith, bound so to vote.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now demand the pre-
vious question upon the adoption of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit that the
gentleman from North Carolina has not the floor
to make that motion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I obtained the floor by the
permission of the gentleman who held it for that
purpose.
Mr. JONES. I would respectfully submit that
we have the night before us, and that it is not
worth while to cut off debate by motions for the
previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will withdraw the call
if the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. JONES. I do notwish to obtain the floor
for the purpose of making a speech, and then
bind myself to cut off all those who may wish to
follow mo.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Very well; I will then
insist upon my demand forthe previous question.
Mr. JONES. Have I the floor?
The CLERK. The gentleman is entitled to
the floor; but the previous question has been de-
manded and seconded, and no debate is in order.
Mr. JONES. I thought the gentleman with-
drew the demand.
The CLERK. The Clerk did not understand
the gentleman from Tennessee to accedc to the
condition made by the gentleman from North
Carolina.
Mr. JONES. I did not agree to renew the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I object to all de-
bate. I insist upon my demand for the previous
question.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Once more I demand the
yeas and nays upon the resolution of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Cungman.]
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Clerk, I desired, when my
name was called on the last vote, to give my rea-
sons why I no longer voted with my party a's a
party man, and was willing to vote, when the con-
test was narrowed down to two gentlemen, forthe
gentleman from South Carolina. I stated that I
loved this Union; that it was more dear to me
than any party tie or consideration; and that there
arc not, and cannot bo, any circumstances which
would induce me to vote for any man for the
speakership of this House who would be willing
" to let it slide." 1 was not allowed to explain
my vote when it was given; I will do so now.
Entertaining the sentiments which I have ex-
pressed, I could not vote for the election of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. He was charged
with having made a speech, in the State of Maine,
in which he said that he was willing " to let the
Union slide." He tried to explain that declara-
tion by sayinff, that when one section of the
country was bolstered up at the expense of the
others, lie would then consider the Union no
longer valuable, and he would be willing to let it
slide. I say to the House now, that I have evi-
dence that the gentleman, no longer than eight
months ago, expressed his willingness for a disso-
lution of the Union. Devotion to the Union has
been the guiding star of my political life; and I
will never vote to place any man in the Speaker's
chair, or in any other responsible position, who
maintains any such sentiment as that which the
gentleman has uttered. In accordance with the
promise I made to the gentleman from North
Carolina, I now renew the call for die previous
question.
Mr. DUNN. Will my friend from North Car-
olina withdraw the call for the previous question,
and indulge me in a single remark ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia asks that I yield the floor to him. He
voted with me on the plurality rule; he is in a
peculiar position, and I withdraw the call that he
may say what he has to say,
Mr. HERBERT. 1 will merely remark, Mr.
, Clerk, that I felt it my duty as a Representative
I of the people to vote for the plurality rule. I
| now feel it my duty, as an honorable man, to vote
to place, Mr. 6anks m the Speaker's chair, in the
| belief that he was fairly elected under that rule.
! Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 now renew the call for
i the previous question.
i Mr. CARLILE. I wish to say a word.
The CLERK. Debate is not in order.
Mr. DUNN. I appeal to my honorable friend
from North Carolina to withdraw his call for the
previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN.
tleman vote than speak.
I would rather the gen-
