1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let me ask the gentle-
man if he and his friends are willing that the bill
should be made a special order?
Mr. JONES. I am not. But the gentleman
from Illinois very well knows that this House,
when they get through with the special orders
already made, can go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and lay aside
all other bills until they reach this one. And
what, I ask the gentleman and the House, is the
necessity of postponing the consideration of the
bill to a day certain, if we have then, when that
day arrives, to pass it under the operation of the
previous question ? If we have to pass it event-
ually under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, just as it is, upon the recommendation
which comes with it from the Secretary of the
Treasury, and from the committee, pass it now.
We are as well prepared to pass it now, under
the operation of the previous question, as we shall
be at the end of three months. But, if you let it
go to the Committee of the Whole, if a majority
want to pass it then, they can take it up, cut off
all political Buncombe speeches, read it by clauses,
let amendments be proposed to it, and then you
will have action, intelligent action upon the bill;
and that is the only way in which you can secure
such action. I can see no difference between
passing it now, under the operation of the pre-
vious question, and on the recommendation which
comes with it, and postponing it three months,
and then passing it under the operation of the
previous question.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I would not tres-
pass upon the House by offering nn3r remarks
now, if I did not suppose I was familiar with the j
subject, and therefore think 1 understand it, better j
than it can be understood by those who have not !
had the leisure to examine it. 1 apprehend that, i
if my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] had
examined this branch of legislation as much
and as carcfuily as he has some others, to which
his attention has been more particularly directed,
he would not be disposed to throw any obstacle
in the way of the consideration of this bill.
Mr. JONES. I wish to ask the gentleman one
question. Does he claim that this bill is now
perfect? And does ho think that, if tins bill was
passed to-day, and became a law to-morrow,
this Congress would not be called upon to amend
it before its expiration in March next?
Mr. FULLER. I tiling the bill is as perfect-
as it is in the power of man to perfect any bill.
Perfection is, unfortunately, not stamped upon
any act of legislation.
Mr. JONES. Exactly; and, therefore, let
others haveau opportunity of amending it.
Mr. FLlL,LER. It, however, approximates
as closely to perfection perhaps as any bill can
of the same magnitude.
Mr. JONES. Then let others have an oppor-
tunity to move such amendments as they deem
proper.
Mr. FULLER. Certainly there is no objec-
tion on my parr, Mr. Speaker, to their having
such opportunity. There is some misapprehen-
sion, or perhaps a want of information, on the
minds of some gentlemen in the House m regard
to this bill. It partakes more of the character of
a codification ot existing laws than of a new rev-
enue system. Our laws on the subject of revenue,
and on kindred subjects connected with it, are to
be found in over four hundred different legislative
acts, commencing with the adoption of the Con-
stitution. The course of legislation has been, in
a great many instances, to enact a law, and then
to repeal all existing laws inconsistent with it;
and so we have gone on for sixty or seventy years
piling up a mass of confused legislation, which
the most giant mind might well shrink from in-
vestigating. For three or four years past, differ-
ent gentlemen, and the head of the Treasury,
have been at work with a view of systematizing
and codifying our revenue laws; and the result
of their labors is now presented in this manner.
It is quite manifest that, in any legislative act of
this character, the responsibility of it must de-
volve on a few gentlemen who will devote their
attention to it as codifiers or commissioners, if
you please. I believe, from the examination
which I have given to this subject—and I would
wish gentlemen who so desire to examine it—that
if we can mature and pass this bill, and have it
enacted into a law, we shall have accomplished a
| more desirable work of legislation than the entire
! legislation of this Congress. This is the view
j which I take of it; and 1 really hope that gentle-
j men who have not examined the bill will be dis-
| posed to do so, or to take it upon trust, and not |
! throw any impediment in the way of the consid- i
| eration and passage of this bill, but will consent ;
| to place it in a position where it can be brought !
! forward and receive the consideration of the ■
i House at a convenient time. j
| Mr. HAVEN. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to say
1 a word about this bill, but I say it with a good
I deal of hesitation. The thing comes here in a
| manner which creates in me a little division of
; opinion or hesitation as to the course which duty
; to myself and to the business men of the country
j require that I should pursue. That this proposed
, legislation is of vast importance there can be no
! possible doubt. That there is not, and cannot be
1 in it anything which partakes in any way of the
! nature of party spirit or party feeling is equally
i true. It is, sir, a business matter, commending
| itself to the commercial and mercantile interests
i of the country, and as such it requires careful and
j considerate examination at our hands. On the
i whole, I have determined, if no other course be
j adopted here, that I shall vote to postpone; but I
, shall do so with this express declaration to the
■ House and determination on my part, that I will
not agree to enter upon the consideration of the
bill unless, when the time arrives that we can
enter on it, it shall be sent to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and made
a special order. I know we cannot consider it
now; we are so hampered, shackled, and strapped 1
up with business that we cannot go on now with it. ,
But I shall vote to postpone it with a view, when ,
the postponed day arrives, of having the House
consider whether it can then spare one, two, or
three days to this important business-, or whether
it can select a day some time ahead, when it can
be considered in the Committee of the Whole
House, and made a special order. I shall there-
fore vote to postpone it, with that view. I will
never—as mivdi as I believe that the substantial
interests of the country are involved in this bill
—vote to put it upon its passage without our
having had the time and opportunity of consid-
ering it section by section; and I hope that the
House will be able to enter on its consideration
at some future day; and then, in a liberal spirit,
and not captiously, accommodate it to the busi-
ness of the country.
We are told that this bill contains four hundred
pages. It is a digest of the entire revenue laws
of the country—of hundreds of acts. For aught
I know, i could interrogate "entlemen who have
considered the subject now and in the last Con-
gress, and I doubt whether 'hey could answer,
notwithstanding these gentlemen have given this
bill their attention, and are roady to put it upon
its passage and vote for it binidiv. Winch of the
gentlemen ran get up and tell me. now, the exact
difference in this bill between the registry and the
enrollment of a vessel? This bill provides for
both registry and enrollments, and it is a simple
legal question. Who eon tell me that? Who
can tell me now, in reference to the revenue laws
, of to-day, whether, when goodsare imported into
j this country, they should be estimated at the
price which they cost at the place where they are
manufactured—with thocostof transportation and
insurance added—or whether they should bo esti-
mated at their market price where they ore man-
ufactured, or at their market price at the place of
import? These are all questions, from and out
of which the calendars of our courts of justice are
; loaded, day after day, with cases arising among
the commercial and "business men of the country.
I have great confidence in the gentlemen who
have had this task m hand. Allow me to say,
that the Secretaiy of the Treasury has given it
much, and I believe earnest, attention. He has
even done me the honor of talking with me about
it.
It is true that the provisions of this bill nave
been considered by a gentleman living in Penn-
sylvania—Judge Barrett, I believe—who is a good
i man, so far as he knows anything about the
■ matter. But allow me to say that that gemle-
l man lives at the head of canoe navigation on some
I river in Pennsylvania, and is likely to know as
i little about the revenue laws of the country prac-
I tically, as he would be likely to know if "he had
been born and lived on the comb of the Alleghany
mountains.
I now mention this for no other purpose than
to endeavor to impress upon the House the vast
importance of taking up the bill in a liberal, fair
spirit, when the time shall come that it con be so
considered. For that purpose I will go heart and
hand with the present and last Committee oil
Commerce; and for the purpose of having it go
to the Committee of the Whole House ultimately,
I will go heart and hand with my friends on the
other side of the House who desire it to go there,
for it is right it should go there. I am asked why
not move it there now?" Sir, if we move it there
now, we do not know what will become of it. If
we move it there now, we cannot get it up again
and make an intelligent special order of it at a
future day, and for that reason I desire to con-
sider the suggestions of the gentlemen who have
the charge of the bill and allow it to be postponed
until such future day as they shall name; and
when that future day arrives, we can then look
over the business on the Calendar and sec when
we can conveniently make a special order of it;
and if we cannot then make a special order of it,
1 shall still be unwilling to put on its passage in
gross a bill containing the entire revenue laws of
the country. For, sir, without disparagement to
i the intelligence of any man, there are some men
in this House who have more information upon
the subjects to which the bill relates than other
gentlemen, and perhaps as much as the gentle-
man upon whose recommendation the bill was
drawn. I do not by any means claim to be one
of those, but there are gentlemen here, represent-
ing the great commercial points of the country,
and they should have the opportunity of compar-
ing views with each other, and also with gentle-
men away from the sea-board. For these reasons
I shall vote for the motion to postpone; with the
distinct understanding, so far as I am concerned,
that when the day to which it is postponed ar-
rives, I shall vote to refer it and make it a special
order for such time as the House may see fit.to
determine, and as will then suit its convenience.
Mr. MILLSON. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Commerce from which this bill was
reported, and as one desiring that the bill may
be considered during the present session, I have
risen simply to make some suggestions as well to
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce as
to the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,]
who has just taken his seat, in reference to the
most expedient mode of procuring certain action
upon this bill before the close of tlie present ses-
sion.
It seems to me that this bill must be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union It is absolutely impossible to pass the
bill without such reference. I have known very
many excellent bills sacrificed in this House by
an injudicious desire upon the part of their pa-
trons to secure their immediate passage. And
the igggison why the bill cannot be passed in the
House, and why, if the attempt be made, it must
necessarily result in the defeat of the bill, is this:
By the rules of the House there can be but one
amendment offered to this bill, which is a Senate
bill, at the same time, and an amendment to the
amendment. This bill needs extensive alteration.
The Committee on Commerce have reported a
number of amendments. Three or four entire
sections of the bill have been stricken out by the
unanimous vote of the committee. Now, sir, if
debate should sprmgupupon the firstproposinon
to amend, which may relate to the very first sec-
tion of the bill, the only possible mode of termin-
ating that debate, although it may have been con-
tinued until it has become tiresome to the House,
will'be to call the previous question; and if that
call be seconded, although it will operate to term-
inate debate upon the proposition, will also op-
erate to prevent any other proposition whatever
to amend from being submitted at all. The
House must then determine to take the bill in its
present imperfect condition, or reject it altogether.
Now, sir, I do not hesitate to say that I, for
one, desiring, as I do, the passage of this bill,
should be compelled to vote against its passage
unless it could be amended in the manner sug-
gested by the Committee on Commerce.
Why not, then, allow the bill to be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union at this time? The gentleman from New
