1942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 5,
ber.
The whole operation has, so far, been attended with
a current expense (of the United Stales tftewu-dredge
belonging to Lake Michigan) of iess than $-2,000. You
are authorized, General, to communicate tlus fact to any
member of the Committee on Commerce, or to quote what
I have &aid m any remarks you may choose to make on
the subject. I stand responsible for its correctness under
my commission in the corps of topographical engineers.'*
Now, I want to read a resolution of the Com-
mon Council of the city of Chicago, to show the
estimate in which this gentleman is held:
Resolved, That the thanks-of the Common Council of the
city of Chicago be tendered to lJrevet Lieutenant Colonel J,
I). Graham, Major United States Topographical Engineers,
and superintending engineer of Lake Michigan works, for
his valuable maps and chaits presented to tins Council, and
for the many and indefatigable exertion® to promote the in-
terests of this ciry, and for the faithful and able manner in
which he dischai«es his official duties as an otficcr of our
General Government, as diown m his several report^ to tiie
Secretary of War on the subject of the Chicago harbor.
Ordered, That the city siipeimtemleru, in conjunction
with the barbor-ma ter, be, and they aie heieby, m-Uiucted
to use all legitimate measures to protect the United States
diedges and scows, or other property ot the General Gov-
ernment, m chaigeof Colonel J.I). Graham, whenever the
same may be in operation within the harbor.
I merely read this to confirm the statement I
have already made in regard to the character and
talents of that officer. There is no mail more
respected in the American service. With respect
to the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Illinois, I shall vote for it, with the understand-
ing that it is recommended by the Committee on
Commerce. "Without that, 1 .should not vote for
it. I have acted on that principle. This is one
of the most important positions on the whole
lakes, and, as the honorable Senator from Illinois
has said, the difficulty is getting over the bar, and
then you find yourself directly in deep water in
the Chicago river.
Mr. SEWARD. Perhaps a word of explana-
tion from the committee is due to the Senate ami
certainly to themselves. When this bill was sent
to the committee it contained an appropriation of
$50,000. The committee had before them at that
time only the estimates of 1853 and IS54. The
estimate of the engineers then was $24,000. The
great importance of Chicago, and the knowledge
that the estimate would be increased by the agent,
induced the committee to double that sum and to
allow the bill to stand at $50,000. After the hill
was reported by the committee, the honorable
Senator from Illinois who introduced it {JVJt\
Thumiu'm.] came to the committee, and brought
new estimates, which he submitted. He minims
me that the conn nit tee at that time authorized him
to move thia amendment, and ev preyed th'-ir
assent to it. The bill was lepoi fed by iheSenator
from Louisiana, [M r. IJevj vmin, j who is not here.
My own recollection upon the subject is very
imperfect. We deem it due to the Senator and
the Senate to say—at least I do—that i cannot
gainsay what lie says; at the same time I cannot
assert thai the committee took the matter into
considnation and recommended this mciease. 1,
under the circumstances, make no objection, and
shall cheerfully vote for the amendment.
Mr. BUTLK1L I move that the Senate now
adjourn, as there is some dispute about this mat-
ter, and I presume there will be further discus-
sion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. We can take the vote on
this bill in a minute.
Mr. DUTLKR. 1 withdraw the motion in
order to allow the vote to be taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Douglas.]
Mr. TRUMBCJLL. I wish to say one word
in reference to the amount m the bill. As I
stated that it had the assent of the committee, it
may be proper to remark that the report of Colo-
nel Graham was not here until very late. It is
dated the 31st of December. After it was received
1 went before the committee, and all the com-
mittee were not present. The chairman, the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, will recollect that I stated 1
had this report, and I was informed by some mem-
bers of the committee—I recollect the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] was present—
that they understood the whole matter. There
was no action that I know of in the committee;
but 1 understood from them that they hud agreed
on the same principle in reference to oilier cases,
and j believe the Senator from Wisconsin moved
to increase the amounts of some bills according
to the now reports. Some member of the com-
mittee, though there might have been no formal
vote, stated to me that when the bill came up I
might move the amendment.
f wish now, as i am up, to make a single state-
ment from a paper that I have in my hand, which
is the report of Captain Dobbin, who is the in-
spector of the board of lake underwriters, at the
underwriters* convention, recently held in the
city of Buffalo, giving an account of all the losses
during last year on the lakes. It is a long list,
giving every vessel that was lost, the amount of
property lost, and the number of lives. At Chi-
cago bar, where this improvement is sought to
be made, the losses last year, according to this
report, were $59,000; and the whole losses on
the lakes amounted to $2*821,529 last year.
Mr. CASS. And the number of lives upwards
of a hundred.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The number of lives lost
was one hundred and eighteen.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish the gentleman
from Illinois would withdraw this amendment. I
want to show no reluctance whatever to vote
appropriations for this object. 1 have been in
Chicago. It is a wonderful creation, with a
wonderful commerce, and a very exposed situa-
tion on the lake. I know the necessity of defense,
and protection for ships and vessels carrying on
this mighty new-born commerce; but at the same
time I 'think $50,000 is as much as these gentle-
men, with all their mdustiy, can expend m the
working season. It is but a short time until
Congress will meet again; and $50,000 is no small
sum It is as much as they can use from this
until the working season ceases.
Mi. DOCJGLAS. The $50,000 would leave
the work m such an unfinished condition, that the
ne^t .slorm would take it away, and I fear it
would be almost a useless expenditure. 1 would
rather, therefoje, that you would give us the
amount of the estimate as the only relief.
Air. DODGE. I ih em it due to the Senate and
myself to state on tins occasion, that the Com-
mittee on Commerce never agreed to leport the
appropriation of £138,000, although it is the esti-
mate of Colonel Graham. As stated by the hon-
orable gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Tuumbttu.,]
the committee were consulted on his general esti-
mates. It is well known to the Senate that in
the Wisconsin harbor bills the first amendment
was passed, the second was objected to, and
there was a discussion of perhaps a day in this
body on the subject. The gentleman from Mich-
igan, [Mi. C\<>8,] my venerable and respected
•Irietul, appeared to think there was danger of
e\pending too much money in oneyear,and that
il was necessary and proper to taRe moie than a
year to expend the amount of estimates as made
by Colonel Graham. Under the pressure of my
filends hen4, (and m the house of my friends, I
hope,) 1 asked the Senator from New York to
withdiaw the amendment. It was to the Racine
bill, in which I felt deeply interested. The esti-
mate of Colonel Graham for that work was
$49,000 or $50,000; and I felt a very great unwill-
ingness to accept $11,000, which was the esti-
mate lis previously made m 1853; but wtliiaview
of conciliating my friends, (for 1 was afraid my
amendment would be voted down, and perhaps
might operate against all the bills of the House of
Representatives,) 1 consented that the Senator
fium JNew Yin k should withdraw the amendment.
Tins he knows to be the fact, and so do other
friends.
Wisconsin has been hardly dealt by. We have
received but $11,000 for I'aeine, $LJ,000for She-
boygan, and £17,500 for Milwaukee. My friend
from Ahchi^an appeared to think it was as much
money as ought to be expended in one year. He
had the kindness to say he would not interfere
with me; but I discovered that, if I pressed my
amendment, there was some danger of its being
lost, and that it might not leceive the favorable
action of the House.
I cannot consent to vote for the appropriation
of $I3S,000 for Chicago, although if it had been
presented before us as a'committee I should have
consented to it. To make fish of one and flesh
of another js unfair. I think the Senate ought to
do us justice. If theygive to Chicago $13^,000,
and give to her near neighbor, Racine, only
$11,000, it is very unequal, and I must protest
against it. To be sure, I shall endeavor to press
the Wisconsin estimates at the next session of
Congress, and hope to have the aid of my friend
from Michigan, and other friends, in support of
my measures; but to give Chicago $138,000 now,
without the action of the Committee on Com-
merce, when $50,000, perhaps, is as much as can
be expended this year, would be very unequal, as
1 remarked before, on its operation on the State
which I have the honor in part to represent, t
therefore shall feel myself bound, as the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, in this
instance, to vote against the appropriation of
$138,000 for Chicago.
Mr. CASS. My honorable friend from Wis-
consin is under a misapprehension with respect
to myself. I may have said, as I did in the case
of other works on the lakes, that there remain
only some two or three months of the season of
the year, and the amount in the bill may be suf-
ficient. That, however, was not the principal
difficulty I urged in the case to which my friend
alludes. I urged another, and more important
one, which wa«, if we began to increase each bill
as asked for, without the action of the committee,
we should never get through, or we should swell
the amount to such a sum that no man could vote
for it. I did not want to break into the system.
Now, if my friend from Wisconsin says the Com-
mittee on Commerce have not agreed to §138,000
in this case, I shall not vote for it.
Mr. DODGE. I will say, in response to my
honored and respected friend from Michigan, that
the Senator from Illinois [Mr.Trumbull] did ap-
pear before the committee. There was not a ma-
jority present, and there was no particular action
of the committee on the subject. If a majority of
the committee had been present, I should certainly
have assented to the appropriation—at least, to
the extent of the estimate—because 1 have uni-
formly been governed by the estimates. I wanted
the amount of the estimates for my State. I
therefore was desirous that the estimates should
be acted upon; but they were not adhered to. 1
will go for the estimate of the gentleman from
Illinois at the proper time; but, as my honorable
friend from Michigan said,$50,000 appears to be
as much money as can be expended now. 1 am
in favor of the estimates ss made, and shall en-
deavor to press them if I live at the next session,
with a view to do the people of the State 1 in pait
represent justice in this important matter.
This is no new subject to me. 1 felt keenly
that we were cut down to $31,000 dollars for
llacme, when the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Cass,] the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] and the honorable Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] all vouched
for the importance of that place; but fearing that ,
my amendment, although based upon the esti-
mates of Colonel Giaham, would defeat the
measure, I consented to withdraw it, very much
against my own feelings and wishes, as is well
known by the honorable Senator fiom New
York.
As I remarked before, I should be exceedingly
unwilling to see this amount swelled here to
$13S,0(111, when a very important point in my
State has received but $11,000. 1 never can con-
sent to see an injustice done to one portion of the
country,particularly to the advantage of the same
coast and on the same lake at other points.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there is a little
misapprehension in reference to a matter of fact,
which I am soiry to see. I understood the Com-
mittee on Commerce to authorize an amendment
to bo olfercd to make the bill conform to Colonel
Graham's estimate and report, and I understood
that from the Senator from Wisconsin 
Air. DODGE. Do you speak of the committee,
or of a part of the committee.
Air. TRUA1BULL. 1 understood it from indi-
vidual members of the committee, for I was
never present when the committee had a formal
meeting.
Air. DODGE. The Senator was not present,
and therefore cannot speak for the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not being a member of
the committee myself, I called to see them about
this bill, and 1 un'derstood from diilerent members
of the committee—I recollect distinctly speaking
to the Senator from Wisconsin, and the Senator
from Louisiana [Mr. Bestjvwn]—that they would
report the amounts tecommended by Colonel Gra-
ham; and I understood the other day that the
Senator from Wisconsin moved to amend the
