■340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn. We cannot get along intelligently;
nobody can hear what is said on the other side
of the House. Let us adjourn, and when we
again meet, if wo adjourn, we will be a little
calmer, and can better understand one another.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman persist in
his motion?
Mr. LETCHER. I do. There are now two or
three hundred outsiders in here, and one hardly
knows who are members.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
The call for the previous question received a
second, and the main question was ordered to be
now put.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I demand the yeas and
nays on the resolution.
Mr. DUNN. I move to lay the resolution on
the table. [Several Members. No, let us have
a direct vote.] I withdraw the motion to lay on
the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the resolu-
tion.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted—yeas 155, nays 40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Alien, Allison, Ball,
Barbour. Barclay, Bell, Henry 15enn<nt, Benson, Billing-
hurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bhsa,Bowie, Biadshaw, Brentou,
Broom, Buffington, Burlingame, Cadwalader, James I[.
Campbell, LewisD. Campbell, Chalice, Bayaid Claik,Ezia
Clark, Clawson, Chngman, llowell Cobb, Colfax, Comms,
Covode, Cox, Cragin, Culien, Cumback, Uamiell, Timothy
Davis, Day, Bean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Durfec, Edie, English, Etheridge, Evans, Flagler, Flor-
ence, Thomas J. 1). duller, Galloway, Giddnigs, Gilbert,
Granger, Giovv, Robert B. Hall, 11mtun, J. Moujaon
Harm, Sampeon W. Harris, Han won, Herbert, Tliekinan,
Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas ft. Norton, Howard, Jewett,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelley, Kelsey, Kemiett,
King, Knap}), Knight, ICnovvhon, Knox, Kunkel, Loiter,
Ijumpktn, Mace, iilarteson, McC.ury, Meaeliam, Kilhan
Miller, MiUward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Munay,
Nichols, Norton, Andiew Oliver, Paiker, Poaioc, IVlton,
Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Prmgle,Pnrvianee,
Puryear, Reade, Ready, Ritcliie, Rtvem, Robbms, liohcrts,
Robison, Saliin, Sage, fSapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmon?-,
Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Stephens, Stewart, Stranahan, Talhoit, Tappan, Tiioiing-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Tvson, Underwood, Vail,
Wade, Walbrulge, Wahhon, Wainw, Cadvv.Uadci C.
Washburne, Ellihn B. Wa->hlmrne, Israel Washburn,
Watkins, Watson, Welch, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams, Wm&low, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodvvorih—
155.
NAY'S—Messrs. Baiksdalo, llendley S. Bennett, Boyee,
Burnett, John-P. Campbell, Cailile, Caskje, Ci.iw'oul,
Davidson, Henry Wintei f>.ivi>, Dowdell, JOdmuiuhon,
Klhott, Foster, ( ood«', (Jreenwood, Thomas 1. Ham-:,
Houston, Kent, Kiihvell. Lake, Letchei, Alexander K.
Marshall, Maxwell, McMnllin, MeUneen, IMoideeai Oli-
ver, Orr, Phelps, Powell, Ruftm, Rust, Sundidge, Savage,
Shortei, Sneed, Tnppe, Walker, Daniel B. Wnght, ami
John v. Wright—40.
Pending the above call, the following remarks
were made:
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Clerk, 1 a?k whether the
resolution limiting debate docs not now fall by its
own limitation ?
The CLEIMC. The resolution does not fall;
but, if there be no objection, the gentleman from
Indiana will proceed.
Several Memreks. J" object.
Mr. DUNN. I i-ndeavorod to get the floor
before the resolution was offered.
Mr. TAPPAN. f o'-jref.
Mr. DUNN. I vote for the resolution. When
an election is had, we ought to admit it.
Mr. WALKER. There has fallen on us a
great calamity. To the last I wish to show my
disapprobation of the action of tins House, and
vote no.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will make a re-
mark, if there is no objection. [Cries of " Go
on!"] In 1840 I voted agnmst the adoption of
the plurality rule for the election of a Speaker.
I have uniformly voted against it during the nine
weeks this House has been in session. I have
voted against it, because my conviction was, from
the first up to the present time, that under the
operation of that rule, what is now declared by
many on this floor as a calamity to the country,
would be the inevitable result. But, sir, the res-
olution was adopted against my counsel and my
vote. It has been duly executed in the face and
presence of us all. IVfy character is not the same
now as when I voted on the plurality resolution;
it has been changed from an elector to a judge of
the fact whether, under the operation of the rule,
Mr. Banks is or is not elected Speaker. My
conviction is that he is; the majority having
determined the mode of election, and he having re-
ceived the largest number of votes of any one can-
didate, that number being a majority of a quorum.
The pending resolution is merely declaratory of
the fact, that Nathaniel P. Banks, Jr., is elected,
under the operation of the plurality rule, Speaker
of this House. With this conviction, and believ-
ing it within the competency of the House to elect
in that mode, I vote in the affirmative.
Mr. DUNN obtained the floor.
Mr. BURNETT. Mr. Clerk, I want to hear
the gentleman from Indiana; and I hope there
will be no objection to his proceeding.
The CLERK. Motions or debate are not in
order during the call of the roll.
Several Members. Hear Dunn! Don't object.
Mr. TAPPAN. I object.
Mr. DUNN. When the result is announced,
if there be no objection, I will then say a word.
Several Members. Go on now.
The CLERK. There arc objections to the
gentleman proceeding.
Mr. BURNETT. I will vote, then. I agree
with my friend from Alabama, and not with my
friend from Tennessee, with whom I have acted
from the commencement of the session. I have
not aided directly or indirectly in the result which
has been effected, nor do I intend to sanction it
by my vote now. I vote no.
Mr. STEWART. If the HouseVill indulge
me for a moment, I will make a remark. [Cries
of "Go on!"] I am obliged, according to the
view taken by the gentleman from Tennessee, to
act in conformity with him. I have differed with
the majority on the plurality rule, and voted
against it. I am now called on to vote as to the
fact of the result reached under the operation of
that rule. I would have preferred the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from South Carolina, that
the gentleman from Massachusetts be escorted to
the chair as the Speaker elect of the House, and
thus terminate the matter without difficulty in
any quarter; but, inasmuch as the resolution is
up, and we have to decide whether the election is
proper or improper, and inasmuch as without it
doubts may be thrown on the legislation of the
Congress of the United States, if the question
should arise in the courts, I deem it proper that
each and every member should express Ins opin-
ion judicially.
1 have some doubts about the constitutionality
of an election by a plurality, yet 1 am under the
impression—that rule having been adopted by a
mujouty of the House, aud the House having
proceeded to vote merely in the execution of the
previous order, and the announcement of the
result having been made by the proper person—
that Mr. Banks was elected under that resolu-
tion, and is the Speaker of this House. I must,
therefore, vote for the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope unan-
imous consent will now be given to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] to do what every other
member has been allowed to do. [Cries of
"Object!"] •
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. Mr. Clerk, 1
merely rise to say, that no man has been more
uniform in his opposition to the adoption of the
plurality rule than myself. When this rule was
first adopted, some years ago, I was opposed to
it; and I have voted against it upon every occa-
sion this session. In opposition to my vote, the
rule was adopted. The House decided to elect
by plurality. It was a fixed fact. Action was
had under thatiule, and the gentleman fiom Mas-
sachusetts received a plurality of votes He is,
therefore, by virtue of the decision of the House,
Speaker of the House.
Mr. WALBR1DGE. I call the gentleman to
order.
The CLERK. Debate is not in order.
Mr. MILL WARD. I desire to make amotion
that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] be
heard.
The CLERK. It is not in order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. I desire to say
that I stand here, not as a voter for Mr. Banks,
but as a mere judge of the fact of his election
under the plurality rule, and I will not stultify
myself by declaring that to be untrue which every
man on this floor knows to be true. I vote for
the resolution.
Mr. MATTESO.N. I hope the House will,
by unanimous consent, hear the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Dunn.] Other gentlemen have
been heard.
The CLERK. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from Indiana will proceed.
Cries of ii Go on!" and ii Object!'9
Mr. DUNN. I will not avail myself of any
extorted courtesy. I prefer to wait until it will
be my right to say what occurs to me appropri-
ate in regard to this very extraordinary exhibi-
tion—an exhibition as objectionable in taste as
it is in spirit. I cannot consent to be indebted in
the smallest degree for favors to a few gentlemen
here, whose power seems confined to the phrase,
" I object!" I am greatly obliged to those who
manifest a different and more liberal sentiment,
but tliey must allow me to decline their proffered
indulgence now.
Mr. LINDLEV. I want to make an appeal
to the House, not for the purpose of making a
speech, but to ask a favor. I want to be permit-
ted to withdraw the vote which I gave during
this call of the roll, and I wish to assign a reason
for it. I will not occupy a moment. I stood by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller]
for a long while. I fought faithfully for him; but
when I concluded to go for the gentleman from
South Carolina, I went for him altogether, and
with all my might. And, Mr. Clerk, when the
result was announced, and manifestations of re-
joicing were made in this Hall, though I never
wasdefeated in an election, I felt then agood deal
like as if I had been running a race at home, and
the news from every county was against me. I
felt a good deal like kicking against it, and there-
fore, contrary to the advice of some of my friends,
I voted in the negative on that question. But I
understand from my good and honest " friend
from Tennesson, [Mr. Jones] it- is right for
us to vote in the affirmative—that we are not
electors, but that we are now judges. That be-
ing the case, and not desiring to decide this ques-
tion as a judge, 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to withdraw my vote. [Cries of
" Agreed."]
Mr. COBjB, of Alabama. [ desire to explain
my vote. [Cries of " Object!"] Then! will not
vote at all.
Mr. SAVAGE. I know that the House is not
in a temper to hear explanations, but I desire to
say that I do not agree with the construction put
upon our acts, that we sit here as judges. I know
that this vote makes Mr. Banks Speaker, and I
do not think the one heretofore given did. 1 vote
no. I vote no, and at some future time I shall
give the reasons for that vote more fully.
Mr. WHEELER. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Hon. William Aikf.n of South Car- 1
oiina, the Hon. Hknry M. Fuller of Pennsylvania, and
the Hon. Lewis 0. Campbell of Ohio, be appointed a
commitrec to wait upon the Hon. Nathaniel P. Banks,
Jr., of Massachusetts, the Speaker elect, and conduct him
to the chair
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope that resolution will
not be adopted. It is an innovation on the whole
past practice of the House. The Clerk always
appoints a committee to conduct the Speaker to *
the chair.
Mr. WHEELER. I withdraw the resolu-
tion.
The Clerk then requested Messrs. Fuller of
Pennsylvania, Aiken of South Carolina, and
Campbell of Ohio, to conduct the Speaker elect
to the chair.
The gentlemen designated proceeded to dis-
charge this duty, and Mr. Banks was thereupon
conducted to the chair, and took his seat.
After a moment's pause, the Speaker rose and
addressed the House as follows:
Gentlemen of the House of Representa-
tives : Before I proceed to complete my acceptance
of the office to which I am elected, I avail myself
of your indulgence to express my acknowledg-
ments for the. honor conferred upon me. It
would afford me far greater pleasure in taking
the chair of the House were I supported even by
the self-assurance that I could bring to the dis-
charge of its duties—always arduous and delicate,
and now environed with unusual difficulties—any
capacity commensurate with their responsibility
and dignity. I can only say, that, m so far as I
am able, I shall discharge my duty with fidelity
to the Constitution and with impartiality as it
regards the rights of members. I have no per-
