332
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
more American sailors than were atSanVincente;
yet, only one man was killed, and but two were
wounded on our side! In thu, asm all the ether
instances I have referred to, the officers and men
ens aged received the thanks of Congress and of the
country, while the Senator would only name the
officers and men of the Cyane to ridicule them.
Take another case—the action in which War-
rington won his honors, between the Peacock and
the Epervier. The British vessel was captured,
and there were two men wounded on our side,
and not one killed! Medals, honors,and thanks
from Congress rewarded that victory, to®. But,
according to the Senator's view, it would appear
to have been a miserable affair, and he could rid-
icule it finely. Yes, sir, that also would be some-
thing for him to whistle over. [Laughter.]
Mr. President, the Senator from Texas pro-
duced in the debate a letter which he said was
■written by Captains Magruder and Du Font, and
which was published in the Intelligencer on the ,
21st of May last. . 1
I did not say it was written
Mr. HOUSTON,
by them.
Mr. CLAYTON,
delivered by them.
Mr. HOUSTON
The Senator said it was
I said it was presented by
them at the Intelligencer office.
Mr. CLAYTON. He left it to be inferred
that they wrote it. I am in no wise interested to
admit or deny that they delivered it, for I take it
for granted that it never was a subject of a mo-
ment's consideration with them, whether it was
known to the public or not. One thing is certain,
from his own statement, that they enjoined no
secrecy on the editor, and evidently cared not who
knew they presented it to him for publication.
There was nothing in the article which a patriot
might not properly write. I have examined it
critically, and I cannot see what there was in that
which could possibly be a fit subject for censure
on the part of the Senator. The very passages
which he has quoted do credit to the head and
the heart of whoever wr.ote them. These gen-
tlemen did not, I say, care a sixpence at the time
when they delivered the paper, whether or not
some Paul Pry might come and ask who wrote
it, for they took not the slightest pains to conceal
their agency from anybody; and consequently,
when a call was made on him, Mr. Seaton seems
to have had no difficulty in stating that the gen-
tlemen who delivered it Were Captains Magruder
and Du Pont. I do not know who wrote the ar-
ticle, but there are passages in it which certainly
evince ability and a thorough knowledge of the
subject. I find in it sentiments which would do
honor to either of us if we could claim the pater-
nity of it. These gentlemen did not seek to
blazon their names before the country, but they
disdained to shun any responsibility by conceal-
ment, their only object toiog to convey valuable
information to the public, and especially to gen-
tlemen of their own profession. They delivered
the paper openly to the editor, and asked him to
print it. Under the editorial head of the Intelli-
gencer on the day of its publication, I find this
notice:
"The communication is from a source both experienced
and intelligent, and will be found no less interesting to the
general reader than it is for the professional one."
In order that the Senate may form some idea
of this composition in reference to which the ]
Senator from Texas engaged the attention of this
body for the greater part of an hour, I will read
a few sentences which I think do credit to the
writer of it, whoever he may be. The subject
is the law to promote efficiency in the naval ser-
vice:
" The men of the last war, who fonght the Navy into
favor, were at the age at which now our mature passed-mid-
ehipmen pass into the grade of lieutenant—the age of those
who now command the fleets of France, and the powerful
ships of Great Britain. It is the policy of the bill to restore
the efficiency of the Navy,by putting maturity in the place
of old age; activity in the place of sluggishness; hope in
the place of memory."
After reciting the duties of the board the article
goes "on thus:
" The board have nothing else to do. They are to inquire;
they are to form a judgment; they are to report to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and then they are through. They are
bound to make the inquest, and pass a judgment on the re-
sults.
" Every means of inquiry is open to them. No limit is
get to the sources of their information. No rule of judgment
is prescribed to them. They are not a court, acting on the
rights of men. They are only an administrative board of
officers, aiding the President with their knowledge and
professional judgment in performing the executive duty of
seeing that the laws be faithfully executed. It is the duty
of the President to keep the public force, on shore and at
sea, in an efficient state—ready for any emergency. If
men are incompetent—no matter from what cause—it is
his duty to know it, to ascertain it, and to remove them,
either by his executive power, or by legal proceedings.
But, whatever be the means adopted, he is responsible for
the efficiency of his instruments. Congress have aided his
judgment by giving him the benefit of the inquest by the
board. They are as free to inquire as the President. They
are subject to no other restrictions. They pass their judg-
ment subject to the same responsibilities, and they are
subject to no other. They are bound to inquire fiiirly,
earnestly, courageously; to be guided by public considera-
tions alone; to give the country the full benefit of their
knowledge and experience; to report the truth as it shall
appear to them; and to remember that the blood and dis-
honor of any disaster to the American army—following
from any neglect to report any case of incompetency coming
within their knowledge—will rest on them and on their
memory. Beyond this they have no duty, no right, and no
responsibility. , .
" What follows on their report, the law does through the
President. If he disapprove the report, then it is of no
effect, and no change is produced. If he in his conscience
thinks it ought to be approved, be will so approve it.
" In the eye of the country the first thing is that Ameri-
can seamen and officers shall not be sacrificed by incompe-
tent commanders. If Decatur were alive, but blind, or a
paralytic, or deaf, or dumb, or so feeble as to be unable to
encounter the hardships of a cruise, it would be their duty
to say so, and leave the country to take care of the hero
while supplying his place."
I submit these passages to show that, if the fact
could be proved that any officers of the naval
board had written and published this article, it
would do them honor.
Mr. President, the Senator from Texas told
us that he relied only on public documents, and
yet in the progress of the discussion he referred
to a private letter written to Lieutenant Thor-
burn by Captain Du Pont, and he dwelt on it
very much. All that he said about it was an-
swered by the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and by my colleague, [Mr. Bay-
ard,] whose reply to the Senator did equal
honor to his head and heart. It was well said
by both these distinguished gentlemen, that if
that letter, written in the confidence of private
friendship, was furnished to the Senator to be
read here for the purpose of injuring the man
who wrote it, without his permission or con-
sent, the man who gave that letter for that pur-
pose was a dishonored man. The taint will
stick to him through life, if such was the fact.
When we examine it we find that it is nothing
but a playful letter written by Captain Du Pont,
in Lower California, to an officer who felt dissat-
isfied because Du Pont had written an account
of the adventures of the Cyane's men to Colonel
Burton, of the Army, and had written no account
of them to him.
Du Pont's note was playful and mirthful; yet
the inference which the Senator drew from it
was that Du Pont was endeavoring to extract
from such a man as Thorburn applause for his
action. Let me tell the Senator that I have seen
the reply which Thorburn wrote to Du Pont, and
wished to read it here to show how utterly des-
titute of foundation was the Senator's conjecture.
But, when I asked Du Pont to permit me to pre-
sent that letter to refute the inference which the
Senator drew from the production of Du Pont's
letter, he said:
"I will not do it; it is a private letter, and I will
not follow any example set by others of publishing letters
written in the confidence of private friendship. I consider
the whole inference drawn from a garbled extract of my
own letter so unworthy of my notice, that I shall take no
means to refute so pitiful a pretense, though you see bow
easily I could do it."
If the Senator can take pleasure in the produc-
tion of such things as the presentation of private
letters written in the confidence of friendship,
there are probably but few men in existence
whose reputation would stand the test of his ex-
plorations, as Du Pont seems to have stood it;
but, if every word that any gentleman writes in
private confidence, or in playfulness, to his friend,
is to be produced afterwards against him, what
security is there for any character in this world ?
The honorable Senator seemed to take the
greatest pleasure in raking up everything which
could by possibility reach Captain Du Pont. I
took occasion, a few days ago, to say to the
Senate that Captain Du Pont was the author of
a work which nad received high encomiums in
Europe, and among others, had received the ap-
plause of Lieutenant General Sir Howard Doug-
lass, a most distinguished man in the British ser-
vice—a writer, who is supposed to understand
gunnery and the whole subject of coast defense
as well as any man living. I believe I have un-
derrated his title, for I think he has recently been
promoted to the rank of a full general. One
would naturally suppose that an American would
be proud that one of his own countrymen could
receive applause from such a man as that. It has
not been very long since Europe reproached ua
with the famousquestion, " Who readsanAmeri-
can book ?" I thought it worthy of being stated
here, that Captain Du Pont .had made a report on
the subject of our national defenses, by the com-
mand of the Secretary of War, which extorted
the applause and attracted the admiration of such
a man as Sir Howard Douglass. I thought also
that it was proper to state some other services
which Captain Du Pont had rendered to his coun-
try by his pen. The Senator from Texas selected
this passage from some remarks which I had the
honor to deliver, and commented upon it in the
following most remarkable terms:
" But, sir, my friend from Delaware has said that Captain
Du Pont has done a great many things, and, amongst others,
that he absolutely wrote a book for which he received great
cemmendation ; but, sir, that book has given him no very
great credit, according to the fact which I shall proceed to
state. Du Pont was a member of the board appointed by Sec-
retary Kennedy in the fall of 1852, to prepare a code of rules
and regulations for the government of the Navy, approved
and issued in March, 1853, a few days before the change of
administration. The present Secretary, entertaining doubts
upon th^ubject, submitted the case for the opinion of the
Attorney General, who pronounced it ' null and void,' the
board having exceeded its jurisdiction., This printed c ode,
forming a volume of two hundred and fifty pages, and cost-
ing many thousand dollars, became a dead loss in conse-
quence of tAisftoord having no definite knowledge of matters
more legitimately within their province, than framing and
executing laws to promote the ' efficiency of the Navy.'
" You see what a latitudinarian this fellow Du Pont is.
[Laughter.] There is no telling what he will not have hia
fingers in ; if you give him an inch, he will take an ell."
Now,mark how plainatale shall putthis down.
In the time of Mr. Fillmore, a board, consisting
of Commodore Morris, Commodore Shubrick,
Commodore Skinner, Commodore Smith, and
' Commander Du Pont, selected by the Secre-
tary because he deemed them the ablest men in
the Navy for so important a duty, was commis-
l sioned to make a code of rules and regulations
; for the government of the naval service. Captain,
f then Commander Du Pont, was, as I have said,
selected as a member of that board; and it was
undoubtedly a great honor to a lieutenant to be
detailed for such a service with the oldest and
ablest captains and commodores of the Navy.
This board reported rules and regulations for the
naval service. The board ably discharged its
duty, as all have admitted; and Secretary Ken-
nedy and Mr. Fillmore approved their report. It
was Mr. Fillmore who ordered this commission,
and the Senator's whole attack falls on him, not
on that board; for he originated the board, and
approved of all its acts, and put the rules reported
into operation ! After this Mr. Fillmore went out
of office, and Mr. Pierce came in; and then Attor-
ney General Cushing, looking at the regulations
and finding no fault whatever wit h the labors of
the board, decided that their report ought to have
the approval of Congress before it could be put
in operation; because, by the Constitution of the
United States, the consent of Congress was neces-
sary to make such rules and regulations. That
is the whole foundation of the story which the
Senator ^related here about Du Pont's having
written a book of rules and regulations for the
Navy, which, as he represented, the Attorney
General had pronounced to be null and void, be-
cause the board had exceeded its jurisdiction. So
you see he has hit Mr. Fillmore, which was far
ftom his object, and missed Du Pont.
Mr. HOUSTON. The book was not intro-
duced by me into the Senate. The subject was
brought forward by the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. CLAYTON. No, sir; that is not the book
to which I referred in my remarks. The book
to which I alluded was entirely different. The
book I spoke of was Du Pont's report on the
national defense, so highly admired by Sir Howard
Douglass.
