1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
194a
cousin bills to conform to Colonel Graham's
report. I remember that amendment having been
moved to the Rocine bill.
Mr. DODGE. That is true.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought that was the
action of the committee^ or, at least, the under-
standing of the committee; for I did not know
that there had been any formal meeting on the
subject. I supposed the committee intended act-
ing in the same way in reference to all these works.
Mr. DODGE. The supposition of the Sena-
tor and the action of the committee may differ.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I have misunderstood (
the venerable Senator from Wisconsin, I am glad
to be corrected.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Being mistaken in regard
to the approval of the committee, I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to say one word,
which is due to the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin; and that is, that it was at my instance,
urgent and persevering instance, that he was in-
duced to withdraw his amendments which were
based on those estimates. I urged him to with-
draw them while we were engaged in the Senate
discussing the subject, and he did so, although
his amendments had previously been indorsed
by the committee.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, road the third time, and passed.
Mr. ALLEN. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, bright, Brodhead, Brown, Clay,
Crittenden, Dodge, Fitzpatnok, Johnson, Slide!!, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, and Toombs—1 '2.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of Tennessee, Bisgp, Ca^s, Douglas,
Fesoendcn, J-Vh, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hailan, Pugli, Kind,
Se.ba-.tian, Seward, Stuait, Trumbull, Wade, Weller, Wil-
son, Wnyht, and Yulee—21.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
WAUKEGAN HARBOR.
The bill (S. No. 1GG) for continuing the im-
provement of the harbor of Waukrgan, Illinois,
which appropriates $35,000, was considered as m
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have an amendment to
move to this bill, to which, I presume, there will
be no objection. The amendment is to make it
conform to the estimates which 1 hold m my
hand, dated on the 12th March, 1850. It is a
report from the board of topographical engineers,
which svas not received until after the bill was
introduced. In this report Colonel Albert states
that §20,000 will be wanted for the next fiscal
year, to carry on the work. I move to strike
out $35,000, and insert $20,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Now I should like to
know where this harbor is.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is an old acquaintance of
mine, and, like other suspicious characters, it
comes in under an alias. It is a town, I think,
not far from Chicago, that used to be known in
the House of Representatives as John Went-
worth's town, and we appropriated for it under
the name of Little Fort. That name got to be
odious—the improvement was got up as a local f
scheme—and now they have changcd it. Before |
it was Little Fort; now it is Waukegan.
Mr. WELLEU. 1 move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. WELLEIl. If the Senator from Illinois
desires to make any statement, I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to make a
statement in regard to this matter.
Mr. bTUART. Allow me to suggest to the
Senator from Illinois that he had better let us
have some vote token. We cannot do anything
by argumg. Let us vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I will say but a
word or two. Waukegan was formerly Little
Fort, and it is a place of quite a number of thou-
sand inhabitants, and the report which I hold in
my hand gives the amount of its business.
Mr. WELLER. How far is it from Chicago?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is some distance, but I
am not able to state the precise number of miles.
Mr. WELLER. I understand it is only ten
or twelve miles from Chicago.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is more than that. I
think the reading of the report in this case would
satisfy the Senate, but the Senator from Michi-
gan objects. I hold in my hand a report from
Colonel Abert of eighteen or twenty pages, giv-
ing an account of the business, and the number
of vessels that trade at this harbor, and the esti-
mates for the work. 1 see it stated here that the im-
ports of Waukegan, by the lake, are $520,415 94;
by railroad, ^220,995 32. The exports by lake
shipments are $491,408. The total value of the
exports from Waukegan, in 1855, was $666,488.
I presume my colleague can tell the precise dis-
tance of Waukegan from Chicago.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will explain the local po-
sition of Waukegan. It is an old customer here.
It is a place about which there was a good deal
of controversy when it was in a former bill under
the name of Little Fort. It is about thirty-five or
thirty-six miles north of Chicago, between that
place and Milwaukee. It is on the bank of
the lake, one of the most beautiful sites on
earth, and is on the line of the railroad from Mil-
waukee to Chicago. It is a town of about seven
or eight thousand inhabitants. There was an
appropriation for it before, under the admira-
ble system which we have of river and harbor
improvements. I went and took a look at the
work the last time I was there, and found that
the Government had bought a pile of timber,
which lay rotting on the lake shore. I think my
colleague ought to have kept in the original
amount, although it was above the estimates, so
as to buy new wood. A harbor is needed there,
and a harbor can be made. It is a solid founda-
tion, and not a sand bank, and hence you can
make a hatbor.
Mr. CRITTENDEN You can make one
almost anywhere.
Mr. DOUGLAS. So you can, if you have
money enough. Waukegan, however, has as
high claims as any of the side ports on the whole
line of the lake, and is at a greater distance from
the other harbors than many for which we have
made appropriations.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read a few extracts
from this report of the board of topographical
engineers, as it seems to give some information:
is The present view*? are limited in reference to this place,
to the icpair of the piers, the keeping them in good ordej,
and dredging, lor which £H.U0l) or $10,000 will be rcquned
dmmg the nrxt fiscal year." * * * *
In relation to Waukegan (formerly called Little Fort)
there has been appropriated, in I6.r2, $15,000.
'• By the la;-t statement of Lieutenant Colonel Graham's
account', up to the close of the third quarter of the
whole amount appears to have been expended for materials,
maehineiy, and m the work of erecting the bieak water pier.
In fact, this statement rather brings the woik in debt—the
debt to be liquidated by sales, &c.
" By our statement m June last, there was m the Treas-
ury (unexpended) $2,42f> 40 ; which was then drawn Out,
and piaeed m the hands? of Lieutenant Colonel Giabam. It
is supposed, horn the accounts referred to, that the balance
has been evpended.
" The plan for the work bv the board of engineers at this
place was laid bet'oie Congress, and is punted. The esti-
mate of the boaid is $99,98.'*; fioin which, deducting the
$1."),000 appioprmted m lcf52, there will be required to
complete this woik $34,983, as per Executive Documents
No. t, fust sesMon Thnty-Tlimi Congress. 1'iobably
$20,000 wilt be wanted for the next fincal year, to carry on
the work."
This report is signed J. J. Abert, colonel corps
topographical engineers. I will take no more
time.
Mr. WELLER. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On that motion I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator is going to
consume time by having the yeas and nays taken,
I would as soon have them on the passage of the
bill, and I therefore withdraw my motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is better to take the test
question on the passage of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred m. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed, and was read the third time.
Being on its passage,
Mr. BIGGS called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 1G, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Collamer,
Douglas, Fessenden, Ficli, Foot, Foster, Ueyer, Haiian,
James, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—
16.
NAYS — Messrs. Biggs, Bright, Brown, Butler, Critten-
den, Fit/.patrick, Johnson, MaMory, Pugh, lteid, Sebastian,
Slide!!, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs; Weller.
and Yulee—17.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. SEWARD. I must ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr.* WELLER, and others. We can vote it
down without the yeas and nays.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the call.
The motion was not agreed to.
APPALACHICOLA HARBOR.
The bill (S. No. 173) for the improvement of
the harbor of Appalachicola, m the State of
Florida, was considered as m Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to make an appropriation
of $39,000.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and read the third time.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill, and they were
ordered, and the Secretary proceeded to call the
roll.
Mr. JOHNSON, when his name was called,
said : I do not believe this improvement is ap-
proved by the Senators from Florida, and X can-
not vote for it under those circumstances.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, when his
name was called, said : The Senator front Ar-
kansas says that the gentlemen from Florida dis-
approve of it, and therefore I shall vote against
the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. One of the Senators from
Florida [Mr. Mallory] introduced the bill.
Mr. YULEE. If debate is in order, X will
explain. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Debate is not
in order.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. If the Sen-
ator from Arkansas is correct, I must vote against
the bill.
Mr. WELLER, when his name was called,
said: Both the Senators from Florida are political
friends of mine, and as they are opposed to this
measure on principle, I vote against it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand from the Serv-
ators from Florida that they approve of it, though
they cannot vote for the bill; I change by vote.
Air. VULEE. It is quite as worthy as any
other bill; but I vote against it on the same prin-
ciple as all the rest.
Mr. PUGH. You do not think it constitu-
tional ?
Mr. YULEE. Exactly.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask, by unanimous con-
sent, to say a word. [" No objection."] The
Senator from New York alluded to me, and said
that I introduced the bill, it may be proper for
me to remark, that, on the earnest appeal of the
people of Appalachicola, I introduced the bill.
It may be proper also to say, that Appalachicola
river is far more deserving of the patronage of
the Government, if money is to be appropriated
in this way, than many of the objects appropri-
ated for. Appalachicola ships one hundred and
sixty thousand bales of cotton alone. She loads
seventy square-rigged ships of the northern States,
for Florida has scarcely any shipping of her own
Appalachicola river runs through three States
—Alabama, Georgia, and Florida, with the
Flint and Chattahoochie, which may be consid-
ered together. I will not vote for that, any more
than vote for all the other measures here. There
have been many bills presented that I probably
would have voted for, if I had had the informa-
tion before me %vhich I desired; for, differing from
many of my southern friends, I havo no doubt
of the power of this Government to appropriate
money to provide harbors of refuge on the lakes
for our ships of war. If we have a right to place
a navy there, we have a right to take care of it.
I have voted against all these measures, not
because I opposed all, but because I had no in-
formation before me; and I have no doubt there
were those I would think proper to vote for.
The result of the vote was announced as fol-
lows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Collamer,
Fessesden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Harlan, James, John-
