33*
APPENDIX i€ONORESSlONXS>
[April 1,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Namliietiring Board—:Mf.[ Bell, of Tetinessee.
Senate.
selft particularly to defend. ' But> air, if I am to
suppose that the feelings and motives of the board
were such as I might conjecture or suppose them
to be from what has been distilled through the
conduit of their feelings and prejudices, and even
the malice the honorable Senator from Delaware
 I could have no respect for them. I do not im-
pute these feelings to the honorable Senator from
Delaware, because I can conceive of no motive
why he should entertain them in his own bdsom;
but I am surprised that the honorable Senator
from Delaware should allow himself to be made
the channel of communication to the Seriate and
the country, of such sentiments and feelings and
prejudices and malice
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask if the Senator charges
that I was the channel of anybody's malice?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I said I did not
impute it to the Senator, but he has allowed him-
self 4o be made the channel of communication to
the Senate and to the public of such vile dis-
charges 
Mr. CLAYTON. Does the gentleman charge
me with that?
Mr. BELL, of Ttenftessee; I only chai^qtwe
honorable Senator with beinff made the conduit'
of such communications to the Senat« «id td the
public. Sir, I regret deeply haVOthe feelings
which I cannot out have <m this occasion in
relation to the Senator from Delaware, for whom,
generally j I have had the highest respect. I have
honored his talents; I have reverenced his patri-
otic. services in the cause of the great principles
with which I have ever sympathized, and which
I have supported; but I feel strangely when I
reflect that the honorable Senator on this occa-
sion has pursued such a singular course', from
the commencement to the end of his remarks-*
ab ovo usque ad mala—in a speech which no mem-
ber of the Senate could have1 beard without per-
ceiving that it was well considered, and that be
expressed no sentiment which he was* not pre-
pared to stand by, and did not consider himself
fortified in announcing. I feet myself somewhat
relieved when the honorable Senator says, sub-
stantially, that he did not know that I took any
interest in the case of Lieutenant Maury. lie
did not even know what I had said aboutitr; but
even offensively and insultingly,-in the enuncia-
tior to the Senate—— ■
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the honorable gentle-
man'allow me?
Mn BELL; of Terfhessee. The honorable
gentleman will find that he had better postpone
nis explanations to a later period.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to put one question:
Are you not perfectly aware that I was sick in
bed when you presented the memorial of Lieu-
tenant Maury?
Mr. BELL; tff Tennessee. I know that. I
have been astonished, considering the relations
which I supposed had been: 'established between
the honorable Senator and myself, to suppose that
he could be the author of the attack which he has
made to-day on Lieutenant Maufy. • If the fact
be as he has just stated in regard to himself, and
if there was no other consideration involved, I'
would excuse him readily, for there is not a man
in the Senate with whom- I have enjoyed such
relations «s I have with the honorable- Senator
from Delaware.- I would concede much to the
claims of personal friendship and regard, and I
think he ought to hwvfe done jso if he wished to'
"preserve them.
The honorable Senator firortf Delaware, of all
the Officers whose character has been called in'
question in the course of. the discussion which has
taken place on this subject, has thought proper
to select Lieutenant Maury as the one upon whom
he might-make, not innuendoes, but direct attacks.
I suppose he thought he could do it withimpu-
nity because this is a free assembly and every"
member of it has a right to- speak his own senti-
ments independently, and he eannot be called to
account for it. The person who calls a Senator
to account for what he says on this floor, violates
a high principle of our Constitution and Govern-
ment. But, sir, I ask, why did not the honorable
Senator speak of the allegations against Rolando
and-Bartlett, and others who had known and
avowed champions on this floor? I know that
the bodomhis'Senator toOfeu positiori-boldlyand
openly, and if you pletise, chivalrously—but I
do 'not like to bring that word 'into debate—in
regard to some cases presented by the Senator
from Texas. He utterly and obstinately refused,
however, to make a point in regard to some of
them. Lieutenant Maury stood in such a position
that he might with impunity assail and attack him.
I need not say that I regret this most Sincerely.
I presented the memorial of Lieutenant Maury
to the Senate, and I stated at the time that I did
•not concur in all the feelings, perhaps the natu-
ral and proper feelings of an officer of the Navy,
as expressed in his memorial. I went further,
and I said openly in the Senate that' I did not con-
cur in all the opinions and sentiments of Lieuten-
ant Maury, and in all the positions which he had
taken in his memorial. In some respects I had
it mitigated, and I only1 consented to present it
fcs it was drafted by himself, in consideration of
what I felt to be due to those sensibilities which
were difficult to control in the feelings of a high-
minded, noble, liberal, and elevated man. I be-
lieved that his memorial sincerely and honestly
expressed his opinions as he felt them to be, and
therefore I consented to present it.
*'• The honorable Senator from Dei&ware has'
thought proper to select Lieutenant Maury as the
particular victim. Does he present him as the
victim of himself, or of his friend, or of the naval
board, or as the selected and chosen victim of the
Navy Department. He preceded'his remarks in
relation to Lieutenant Maury by the explanatory
statement that he had been the officer of the Navy
behind whom violent and unmeasured assaults
were made on the board and its proceedings,
under the act of the last Congress. He said:
" Tbat is the substance of the charge, and therefore I
will meet the issue which is presented boldly, without any
qualification, and I will eviscerate the true facts connected
with the case of Lieutenant Maufy, and will present them
to the Senate and to the world in such a manner as to de-
stroy the moral influence of the point which has been made
upon his ease as an illustration of the character and nature
of the proceedings of the board."'
This was the declaration of the :Konorable Sen-
ator. Permit me to say, he has descended from
the elevation which he occupies Soft this floor by
going into the histoiy of a trials which took place
in the State of Ohio, oh asuit instituted by Lieu-
tenant Maiiry for the recovery of damages, which
he received by the negligence or incompetence of
the carrier who had undertaken to carry him
safely from one point to another. He read With
emphasis to the Senate a statemehi in the judge 's •
charge, in whieh he said that Lieutenant Maury
was entitled to more than $250, ■torhich he had to
pay to the surgeons who atterided to his broken"
leg and thigh-bone, and for the other attendance
necessary for him. He read from the charge of
the judge to show that he was entitled to more
than this as a compensation for the injury he
had received i that hie was entitled td damages for
the disability which 'had been incurred by that
injury permanently as a Lieutenant in the Navy;
H« might,.in charity, have added, that ,the dam-
age# imgm include considerations of the depriva-
tion of physical-ability which'he otherwise might
have been: able* to exert in any other calling or
profession besides the Navy. When he read
from the judge's charge, he looked around xipon
the Senate to see the force and! power which it
was calculated to produce on the minds of hon-
orable Senators; and 'then he stated that the ver-
dict of the jury give to Lieutenant Maury $£325
for that disability, which was regarded and cer-
tified by surgeons to be permanent, and would'
not only prevent the exercise of his profession W
a naval officer, but disable him from other pur-
suits as a man and a citizen. He also looked
around to see what impression this produced on
the Senate. J1 .
The"honorable Senator Will fellow me td say
that I think his reference to the testimony of sur-
geons in that trial, that Maury was disabled for
life, and that there was ho hope df 'his being:re-
Stored to physical ability, Was entirely beneath
him; To use such an argumenton a question of
this sort Was not worthy of the high position Of
the Senator from Delaware: It may'have been
lawyer-like. If he had received a fee—which I
know he has not, and I Tcriow he would Scorn
1 it—he might be excused for using the argument.
" The honorable Senator has gonei further He
has searched the dusty files of the Navy Depart-
ment for the accounts of Lieutenant Maury, and
he has read with emphasis a statement that he
was allowed #250 by the Department for setting
his leg and for nursing. I presume this to be so;
for, I suppose that the honorable Senator took
great care to see that the foundation upon which
he stated such an important fact to the Senate
was well supported by irrefragable evidence. I
should like to know, whether that amount was
received from the Department while the trial was
pending, or before or after the suit was instituted ?
Was it before it was possible that Lieutenant
Maury could have any knowledge of the result
of that decision ? Does the honorable Senator
know these facts? If he does, I should like to
have him state them now to the Senate. If it be
true that Lieutenant Maury received this money
from the Department when he knew that he had
received the same thing in the verdict of the jury,
it would be disreputable and infamous to him.
Such a statement should be carefully investigated
before being announced in the Senate of the
United States. Honor, and every principle which
belongs to man as a member of society in the
discharge of his duties to his fellow men, ought
'to induce him to be well satisfied of the fact, before
stating that Lieutenant Maury received $250 in a
verdict of a jury for certain things, and applied
to the : Navy Department to receive the same
amount from them, which would have been double
compensation. It seems to me, that a due regard
for tne feelings, the character, and the honor of a
fellow man much less distinguished than Lieu-
tenant Maury—though he may not be the im-
personation of science—would nave led the Sen-
ator to inquire carefully and particularly into the
fact, whether that allowance was received before
Lieutenant Maury knew of the result of the suit
instituted in Ohio. It was due to the most humble
citizen of the Republic, under the circumstances
of the case, that such an inquiry should be made.
If Lieutenant Maury had received compensation
' for this expenditure of $250, in the verdict of the
jury in Ohio, before he made the application to
the Department, it would be a stigma—perhaps a
damning one—upon him. If the honorable Sen-
ator' could bring the proof of that fact before me
or the Senate, I would renounce the defense of
Lieutenant Maury..
The Senator has gone Further, and uhdertajcen
to enumerate in detail the applications of Lieu-
tenant Maury for a pension, and tlie several cer-'
. tificates which1 were forwarded to the Department
on that .subject in 1839,1840, and'1841. This fact
'is held up to the Senate of .the United States'
as depriving Lieutenant' lilavfry of all claims to
sympathy, protection, or support in this body, in
regard to any injustice which Way possibly have
beeii done to nim by the action of the naval board.
He applied for a pension for half disability, ahd.
Subsequently, for a pension fbt three fourths dis-'
ability. He received—mark it, Mr. President—'
the stinti of $150 annually as a pension! For howr
long a period' he ireceaved it the Senator did not
undertake to state'. J"
With all the feelings of respect and friendshlp
whidh I" have entertained for the Senator from
Delaware, I must say that such'references are
utterly unWorthy of hirii'&nd beneath the character
which he lias sustained not only ill the Senate but.
throughout the country.' He nas occupied, and
does occupy, a high position and a large; space,
in the opinion and respect' of the people of this
country, as I am ready to certify. I cannot be-
ilieve the attack which "he has made on Lieutenant
: 'Maury to be the prompting of his own heart. I
; i canndt believe that he has any sympathy or con-
;[ geniality of feeling with such' motives as those to
J't wliiijh such an attack would ordiharily be ascribed.
I should regret very much if I were forced to be-
lieve that the honorable Senator's own feelings,
on mature consideration, had taken this course.
I should also regret for the sake of the naval'board .
fwhosij character for integrity and purity I have
C ■ ■ —— .— — ■' W..W — _ ..    J I / — 
heretofore' indorsed) that such should be the fact.
If what'has been stated by the Senator from Del-
' aware 'is to be regarded as an indieation of the
feelings', the resentments, and the vindictiveness
of that board, I should feel self-abased if I stood
up any longer in defense of such a body of men,
however distinguished, however " gallailt they
