346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
from what I have heard of them, that they feared
and favored no man; that they dropped, retired,
or furloughcd, those whom they thought not
efficient for service, whether they stood m high
or low ranks of life, no matter what influence their
relatives or friends might have with the Govern-
ment. All that influence was disregarded; and
not only was the President's own ward subjected
to the operation of the law, but the son of one
of the leading members of the board, Commodore
Perry, was retired. This shows a very bold and
manly spirit on the part of the officers who con-
stituted that board; and all that I have been able
to find out in regard to them—and I have been
anxious to know the truth—shows that they
have borne the same manly character always
heretofore in life.
Now, sir, the honorable gentleman from Geor-
gia says that the Secretary of the Navy gave
some instructions, outside of the law, to dismiss
those officers who had been guilty of moral
delinquencies, and that the law did not author-
ize him to do so, and that the President has
confirmed some removals on grounds like that.
If he has done so, he has done that which the
law did not direct him to do; but has he done
that for which power has not been conferred on
him? If there had been no law like this—if no
such law had ever been passed, could he not,pro-
prio motu, have directed the Secretary of the Navy
to ascertain whether such and such moral delin-
quencies or any moral delinquencies existed in
the Navy; and could he not, by the power con-
ferred upon him by the Constitution, strike with
his pen from the Navy list any man guilty of a
moral delinquency when he pleased ? Undoubt-
edly. Then we are clearly placed in this posi-
tion at last, and must come back to it: whether
the law has been transcended or not, when you
set about a remedy, you cannot undo what has
' been done; you cannot, by repealing the law, re-
store the men who have been dismissed. Can
you compel the President, if, in his serious con-
victions, he thinks these men ought not to remain
in the Navy, to reappoint them ? Can this body,
or can the other House, or can both Houses of
Congress together, compel him to retain such
men in the Navy ?
It is well enough always when you go about
a thing to look to what you have power to do.
I do not see how wc can afford redress in the
manner which gentlemen have suggested. I have
stood on this floor, as my friend from Georgia
and other friends here well know, many long
years ago, contending against the extension of
executive power—contending that there was too
much of it in the country—and particularly in
reference to removals from office. But the prac-
tice of the Government is settled; the commis-
sion of every officer, naval, military, or civil,
runs during the pleasure of the President. He
can make and unmake; and it is in vain for us to
say that he has not the power. Wc may com-
plain of the exercise of it; we may believe there
has been em abuse of it. if you cJioo.se to go to
the extent which Mr. Madison said you might
go, in the debates of 1789, you can have him im-
peached by the other House, and this body can
try him; out there is no other remedy. You
cannot reverse the action of the Executive. You
have but the remedy pointed out by the framers
of the Constitution, in 1789, and no other.
Sir, if a strong case were presented where a
man had been wronged under this law, where I
myself was convinced that he had been wronged,
(and I trust I shall always be open to conviction,)
I should seek for some means of redress, and I
should not be contented until I had found some,
if it be possible, but lam utterly unprepared to
say what that means would be. I should inquire
diligently of others if they could not find some
mode in which we could do justice, inasmuch as
we had been m some degree, however small, ac-
cessory to the injustice. For myself, I should be
in favor of restoring the officer, if we could do it
by unanimously applying to the President to put
hnn back. If that could not be done, I should
seek some mode of indemnifying him for the
wrong. I cannot presume that wrong has been
committed; I cannot undertake to say that this,
that, or the other man was injured by the action
of the board, until I have proof of the fact.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I do not mean
to be drawn into a discussion of this question at
this time; but there are one or two of the remarks
of my honorable colleague [Mr. Clayton] which
I regretted to hear, and which, I think, ought to
be answered now. He places his argument on
the ground that it would bring Congress into
conflict with the Executive if we were to attempt
a remedy here. I think not. So far as I have
read these papers, I presume that the President
and the Secretary of the Navy think that some
injustice has been done by the action of the
board. Now it seems to me that the vice is in
the law itself, and that if we were to pass a law
which would authorize an appeal or revision of
the action of this board, it would not at all bring
us in conflict with the President. If he should
approve of that law, it would certainly do any-
thing but bring us in conflict. The reason why
such an appeal is necessary I will state.
My honorable friend [Mr. Clayton] says that
the President possessed, anterior to the law, the
power of removal, independently of the action
of any board; and that whether it has been ex-
ercised properly in submitting to the board the
moral character of officers, the power existed;
and that the resvilt having been approved by
the President, must be considered as the action
of the President, and not of the board. Sir, the
objection to the law, and the ground on which it
ought to be revised, is this: that though the power
existed in the President before, it existed with
responsibility; but the act of Congress authoriz-
ing this board, and the mode in which these cases
were submitted to them, leaves the power and
utterly destroys the responsibility. That is the
reason you have more than one fourth of your
Navy removed or displaced by the action of the
board. That makes the whole distinction.
It seems to me that the law not having been
executed, we can remedy the evils which are
complained of by authorizing a revisory board,
composed of a majority of civilians, who would
have no ambition enlisted in this reform of the
Navy for the purpose of personal advancement;
who, from their habits of life, would probably be
better qualified, on the examination of testimony,
to decide as a revisory board upon the action of
the previous board. If the President approved
such a law, it would place him in the same situ-
ation that he stood in reference to this board. He
would then have the advantage of revision by
another board. Thatwould remove the individual
responsibility for the restoration of any of those
officers of the Navy who may have been unjustly
or unwisely retired' from the service.
Sir, I will not go further into this question
now, but I think that befoie the discussion is
ended, I can establish that the law (whether it be
construed according to its legal phraseology, or
lie construed tis it has been, erroneously, I think,
by the Secretary r f the Navy) is the most bar-
barous law ever passed by the Legislature of a
civilized nation. I wish to correct the evil of the
law. 1 have no imputations to make against any
member of the board or their motives. On the
contrary, I do not think that the character of
those officers or their motives enter into this ques-
tion. As far as 1 know them, as far as I have
heard of them, they are efficient, honorable, and
meritorious officers. Some of them I know per-
sonally. One of them, from my own State, who
is said to have been an active member of the
board, I have known from early boyhood; and I
believe that a more efficient, more meritorious, or
more gallant officer does not live in your naval
service. Sir, I have no imputations at any time
or on any occasion to throw out against the mem-
bers of this board; but they were men, and I
think I can show, when I come to give the true
construction to this law, that it was impossible
that they should not have committed error—and
great and extensive error—in their action, because
they were necessarily biased by those infirmities
of humanity which will disturb the judgment of
the wisest and best of men.
Sir, it is the reversal of the principles of all
jurisprudence and of all tribunals that a man
shall be a judge in his own cause. This law
made these officers judges in their own cause,
where their own ambition and their own inter-
ests were, in all respects, involved. The princi-
ple of the law, in my opinion, is unwise through-
out.
But, Mr. President, I pause. I promised not
to discuss this question, butl am very near-having
been drawn into its discussion. I intend to debate
it hereafter; and I shall endeavor to show, on a
future occasion, that, independently of the vice
in the structure of the law itself, the Secretary of
the Navy—and it is with great deference and great
kindness of feeling to him that I say it—has
formed an erroneous opinion in his instructions;
no, not instructions—in his exposition ofthelaw—
to the board, who were to act upon it, art! which,
no doubt, controlled their judgment. He not
only made an erroneous exposition which led to
a latitude of construction utterly intolerable in
the exercise of the judgment of the board, but he
has positively violated the language of the law.
I hold that, on any known principle of construc-
tion, there was no authority whatever under that
law to submit to the board the question of retire-
ment on furlough pay or on leave-of-absence
pay. On the plainest principle of legal construc-
tion, I shall endeavor to show, when lcome to
the discussion of the question, that such must be
the fact.
It is admitted that errors have occurred. They
must be corrected, if wc have the power (and I
think we have) to do so, without the slightest
conflict with the Executive. If we were to pass
a law giving what I desire—an appeal, a rehear-
ing before another board, differently composed—
surely it is not supposable that the President of
the United States would not approve it. Surely
he desires to do justice where he conceives injus-
tice has been done; and it is not to be conceived
that he would refuse to afford to men, where their
professional fame, their reputation, and their
means of future subsistence are concerned, the
poor, miserable remedy of a second hearing; and
that, too, in a mode of inquiry which must ne-
cessarily still be one not competent to protect a
man as far as he ought always to be protected,
before a judgment of condemnation is pronounced
against him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. _ Mr. President, I wish
to say a few words on this subject, and yet I am
very conscious that, by so doing, I shall be tres-
passing upon the time which has been allotted to
my friend from Vermont [Mr. Foot] on another
question. I shall, therefore, be very brief.
This subject is too important and too interest-
ing not to have occupied, to some extent, the
attention of every gentleman in the Senate. _ It
has occupied mine. I see the difficulties of acting
upon it discreetly, and I feel the importance of
our acting upon it with the utmost degree of con-
sideration and caution. There was perhaps—
certainly Congress was of that opinion—some
occasion for a reform in the Navy. This law was
designed to accomplish that end. It has been
made to operate to a greater extent than the
country, or any member of the Senate, perhaps,
anticipated, as to the number that have been
stricken down by it or removed from active ser-
vice. It cannot be possible that the Senate of
the United States, constituting not only a part of
the legislative, but a part of the executive, branch
of this Government, participating in the final
action which is to consummate the labors of this
board, can sit still and quietly close their cars to
the complaints of two hundred American citizens,
officers of the American Navy, who have been
suddenly and indiscriminately cut down—who
appeal to us from what they say is a wrong and
injusticedone to them. "We arc bound to hearthem.
No ordinary technical considerations, no mere
formal etiquette or official respect for persons or
stations, can be allowed to preclude us from the
exercise of this high and solemn duty. It is a
duty to the honor of our country, and to the jus-
tice of our country, and to those men who have
so gloriously maintained our flag as long as many
of us have lived. We must look to it. I desire
to do so in the most temperate and the most mod-
erate spirit.
I have no imputations to cast upon this board,
or 'pon any person who has been appointed by
law io act in concurrence with them to effect this
object. That they should not have made mis-
takes, and many of them, would have boon sur-
prising indeed. The time in which all this duty
had been performed was very brief—some thirty or
forty days perhaps, in which the fate of two hun-
dred and one officers was pronounced. Sir, there
is no tribunal m the country that decides so many
cases, which does not make mistakes. It is no
disparagement to the members of that board to
