336
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 2,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Clayton, Mr. Pratt, etc.
Senate.
able Senator from-Delaware upon the subject,
because on a point of etiquette and honor I have
stood alooffrom him; but I have thought that he
was a little obstinate, and that he owed me some
explanation. I am informed by friends, however,
that I went too far, and I must consult their
feelings.
MrT President, in the course of my life, if there
it necessary to say this much in vindication of
them. I believe its members are actuated byfeel-
i ings of justice. They desire to do justice to every
| individual who may have been wrongfully dealt
with by the board, and at the same time sustain
the action of the board in all the good which they
may come to the conclusion the board has effected.
I do not believe they are so rigid as the board has
is anything which has embarrassed me above all been, and yet they are inclined not to be censori-
others, it has been a diffidence in my own judg- ous in regard to the feelings of the board, but to
ment. I have been accustomed to defer, perhaps protect both sides.
too much, to others rather than to rely upon my Mr. President, I have protracted my remarks
own judgment. In this case, I must follow my a little further than I intended when I rose. My
usual course I readily understand, from the friends have advised me that I have placed a
representations which have been made to me to- \ wrong construction on what was said by the hon-
day, that I may have been deceived in regard to j orable Senator from Delaware, and that he did
the intention of the honorable Senator from Dela-
, and that he did not mean to sunder those
ware,
relations of friendship between us which have
been consolidated and cemented by twenty years
hearty cooperation in support of the same great
principles which he and I have regarded as vital.
He claims to have been anterior to me in their sup-
port—to be one of their original friends. I admit
not mean what I imputed to him. Now, I tell
my honorable quondam, and I hope future friend,
that there are some things which he said which
I think ought to have been omitted. But, sir, I
have taken the initiative. I withdraw everything
which I said that was unkind or which was in
violation of the usual courtesies due from every
member of the Senate towards e-Very other. All
it; but 1 came to him and joined him, not when that I said yesterday was on the spur of the oc-
Z.   M MM A «* l"V nVk BV#V M M A N « A W* «. b. J A U AU — - .  A.. — .  a. - ^ lL . _f*   * 1
he was in a majority, but when he was in a very
meager minority; and, perhaps, if he had been in
the majority at the time, I should never have
joined him, for I always incline to the weak side.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Delaware
and myself have cooperated for twenty years in
friendly union. There is no reason why there
should be a desire for & quarrel between us.
Neither of us could have any motive for it. I
■would rather shake bands with him ten times
over, if it was necessary, daily and weekly, than
have the slightest jar between us. I acknowledge
the obligation of ancient friendship. Nothing on
earth butastrongfeeling,inspired bythemoment,
could have tempted me to say anything unkind,
or anything which, on a day's reflection, I could
wish were blotted from memory.
1 confess that yesterday, when I heard the
honorable Senator from Delaware, I supposed
there was a design not merely to vindicate the
casion, under the influence of the feelings which
I have narrated. I shall be most happy to find
that the honorable Senator from Delaware intended
to make no attack on the personal character and
integrity of Lieutenant Maury, and then I will
withdraw everything offensive, and I hope he
will withdraw what He said; for if he does not, it
is no bargain.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr, President, it gives me
; very great pleasure to confirm the impression of
the gentlemen around the Senator from Tennes-
! see, to whom he has referred. I think, if he
were to inquire of the Senators who were present
i at the time when the controversy arose, he would
! find them unanimous in sustaining me in what I
: am now about to say.
1 did not design to attack, and I did not attack
the integrity or personal honor of Lieutenant
Maury. I had no object in attacking it. I came
board, but to regard Lieutenant Maury as a sort 1 'lere *° debate question which was presented
of Malakoff, and that the friends of those mem -' !? me' wheth?r he was Pfoperlv retired—a ques-
----- tion presented, not merely by his memorial, but
constantly in the discussion in the Senate, as to
the propriety of the conduct of the naval board,
i If I had entertained any idea of attacking that
gentleman's personal integrity or honor, I should
not have insisted that the board should have
placed him as they did on the honorable leave-of-
absence pay—on that list which they all declared
that they considered honorable; but if I had in-
tended what was attributed to me, my argument
must necessarily have driven me to contend that!
he should have been placed on the dropped list
of the Navy. I maintained no such thing, and
all here will bear me witness that I did not.
Now, sir, it gives me pleasure to find that my
honorable friend from Tennessee was laboring
under a mistake at the time when our difference
occurred yesterday. I have no doubt he regrets
what occurred, because it was under a mistake.
I certainly regret what happened on my part.
After his retraction, I regret every exhibition of
feeling, but I confess that 1 did feel, and feel
warmly. Sir, I am one of those who "carry
anger as the flint bears fire." I cannot long bear
Wk 11 n A A   .     TffVf V 1 -
bers of the board who considered themselves
injured meant to assail it, and capture it, at all
events. I am told, however, by my friends that
I misconceived the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware.
There is another thing which I ought to state.
I have looked at this subject, and I have endeav-
ored to look on it in every aspect. I have heard
most eloquent appeals, and those appeals have '
■fleeted me deeply, penetrating into the inmost 1
recesses of my heart, and I have found the tears
rolling down my cheeks, on the representation !
of those officers who concieived themselves injured
by the action of the naval board. Nevertheless,
I have considered the question, what is it practi-
cable to do—which is the path that leads to the
greatest good and the greatest security to the
interest of the country and the protection of the
proper feelings of gentlemen, many of whom
have performed important services to their coun-
try; How can we protect them consistently with
maintaining the good which probably has been
done by the action of the board. All these things
entered into tny mind before coming to a conclu-
sion as to the course which I ought to pursue. ! ma, *Salnst any man. When I hear so frank
and which 1 have before stated to the Senate. j an exP'arjatl0IJ
My honorable friend from Delaware—I call him
friend in advance, for I have said enough to
M
my friena in advance, for I have said enough
show that I have consented to take the initiative
in thusi matter—alluded yesterday to the action
of the Committee on Naval Affairs in the case of
an individual whose memorial is before them. I
think it proper to state, as a member of the com-
mittee, that no investigation in regard to any case
has been completed by them. I feel authorized to
say, from association and conference with the
members of that committee on many occasions,
that they deem it a matter of justice and equity
that nothing should be relied upon in regard to
thexMtse of any man—whether Bartlett, Rolando,
or any other gentleman whose memorial has been
presented—until there shall have been a full in-
vestigation of the subject. I do not say that the
honorable Senator meant to refer to what was
pending before the committee, but I have thought
as the honorable Sena
tor has given us to-day, I tell him I am proud to ,
renew the ancient friendship which has existed
between us, as he well states, for more than
twenty years. It is true, that heretofore this
friendship has never for a moment been inter- j
rupted. We have acted together in the same i
party; we have generally concurred in all our !
views as statesmen, in reference to public affairs. 11
I expect still to be with the honorable Senator, j
I, therefore, without any hesitation, make the '
statement which he requires, and I tender him my i
hand with all my heart. |
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I desire now to
state, after the satisfactory explanation of my ' i
friend from Delaware, that I shall claim to-mer- j I
row, or on some other day, the right to go on and '
review his argument, and show whether or not
t "LU Maury ought to have been retired; but
I shall do it in the most friendly manner.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to disabuse my hon-
orable friend from Tennessee in regard to one
idea, which he seemed to throw out yesterday,
that a gentleman who has been involved in this
' controversy, Captain Du Pont, was one who had
either prompted me or been in some way con-
cerned in the review which I made of the grounds
on which I supposed Lieutenant Maury's retire-
ment on the absence-leave list was founded. I beg
to assure the Senate that Captain Du Pont asked
me particularly not to say anything against Lieu-
tenant Maury. So we see how far wo can be
mistaken.
Mr. PRATT. I desire, very reluctantly, to
occupy the attention of the Senate for a few mo-
ments. The honorable Senator from Delaware,
in the course of his very able speech yesterday,
unnecessarily—as I think he will be convinced
himself—introduced into his argument the name
of a very gallant constituent of mine, Commander
Ringgold, of the Navy. In the course of the Sen-
ator's remarks, when questioned by the honorable
Senator from Texas, he said he was convinced
that the naval board acted justly in that case.
When further questioned as to the authority for
such an assertion, he said that he was convinced,
from the information which he had received, that
this gentleman was still subject to occasional fits
of derangement. Sir, I have been acquainted with
the family of this gentleman for many years—
from a period long before that at which it was
alleged he was deranged. It certainly is not a
family affliction. It was never known to exist in
reference to any member of the family. In his
case it was a partial attack, consequent upon sick-
ness while in the East India squadron; and that
he was properly sent from his command on that
account there can be no doubt; but I am con-
vinced at this time that the gentleman is of as
sound mind as he ever was in the world. I am
sure that the honorable Senator has been led
astray in making the assertion that he is now sub-
ject to temporary fits of insanity.
I was requested by the gentleman this morning
to say that he was satisfied the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware had unintentionally intro-
duced his name into the debate, and he depre-
cated most sincerely the introduction of his name
at all. He said to me, that all he desired was
that the Senate would give him, and others tfllb
believed they were injured, some tribunal to
which they might appeal for the purpose of
having justice done them; and that the bill re-
Sorted by the Committee on Naval Affairs, if it
ad reference to all officers, was, he thought, all
| that he or any one had a right to demand; and
I that was to authorize a board or court of inquiry,
where the fact on which the Senator's conclusion
was based might be inquired into by some com-
petent and impartial tribunal.
i Mr. CLAYTON. I desire to say, in reply to
j the honorable Senator from Maryland, that I am
: not aware that I said that Commander Ringgold
was now subject to periodical fits of insanity. I
did say, be<?ause I had been so informed, that he
had once_ at least, and I thought on more than
one occasion, exhibited evidences of mental ab-
erration; and at the same time, if the honorable
Senator recollects what I stated, I spoke of this
•fficer in terms of as great kindness as I could.
Mr. PRATT. I have no doubt of it.
Mr. CLAYTON.^ I have been taught from
all quarters to consider him as one of the most
admirable seamen we have in our Navy. I have
never heard a word from any quarter disparaging
his character as a gentleman of high honor ana
integrity. I have never heard any man refer to
the misfortune to which we have alluded to-day
without speaking of it in terms of the deepest
regret.
Mr. BUTLER. I desire to say but two or
three sentences in relation to another gentleman
whose name has been introduced into this discus-
sion. I do not wish it to be understood that the
Senator from Delaware, when he insisted *n the
justice of the judgment pronounced against Ro-
lando, was speaking as the organ of the Govern-
ment.. Whilst it may be his'own judgment, I am
inclined to think, and I am very confident, that it
is not the judgment of the Government.
The further consideration of the subject was
postponed.
