1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'847
say that they have committed mistakes. I sup-
pose they have. The legal presumption that all
that is done is supposed to be rightly done, can-
not shut my eyes to the naked truth which is
presented by the various complaints that are ad-
dressed to Senators, and by our own personal
knowledge of some of the men who have been
struck down, which convinces me, as a matter of
fact, against any presumption to the contrary, that
injustice has been done. It should be remedied.
I know that there is a great difficulty in dsing
this rightly. I do not know how my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, pro-
poses to remedy it, or whether he thinks we are
to take the good and the ill indiscriminately,
and, in a summary way, confirm all that has been
done. I cannot consent to that. I should bo
very glad to retain all the good which has been
accomplished—and I have no doubt much has
been accomplished—by the findings and exam-
inations of the board. I desire to retain it;
but if the alternative is put to me, I am prepared
to say that, sooner than one honorable and faith-
ful officer shall be dishonored and displaced, 1 will
take the responsibility, so far as my voice and
my vote can go, utterly to abrogate and annul all
that has been done.
Sir, there was, independently of this law, a con-
stitutional remedy. The President of the United
States, for this very purpose, has been invested
by the Constitution with power and discretion
to apply the remedy. If that, in times past,
had been properly and efficiently applied, there
would have been no occasion at all for this ex-
traordinary interposition of an extraordinary
authority, for the purpose of accomplishing sum-
marily, and by ways unusual and unknown to
our laws in all other respects, that which the
President, in a salutary, constitutional way, might
have accomplished. Sooner than one honorable
and faithful and efficient officer shall perish in this
crowd, I will relieve the whole of them from the
sentence pronounced upon them; and I will rather
turn back again upon the Government one hjin-
dred officers who are useless and burdensome to
the Navy, and leave them to the exercise of the
?residential power of purgation and removal, than
will, by the adoption of a more summary pro-
cess, sacrifice that one honorable man in order to
get at the inefficient. But we cannot do it, say
honorable gentlemen; the Presidentof the United
States has acted; the President has power to re-
move; and when the President has exercised his
constitutional power, there can be no authority in
this body to contravene or to frustrate his acts!
That, as a general proposition, subject to some
exceptions which grow out of the Constitution
itself—such as our right of confirmation of his
nominations—may be true enough; but is that the
case now before us? Has the President, in the
exercise of that constitutional power, removed
these officers? Hehas removed them, to be sure;
but is the removal the result of that constitutional
powerwhich we cannot properly resist? No, sir;
it is the result of the finding of a board of officers;
it is a consequence, made such by the law, of their
finding. It is not the President who has removed
them; it is the board, in effect. The sanction of
the President has been given, not in the exercise
of his constitutional power of removal, but in
the exercise of the mere legal power conferred on
him by this statute. Surely, gentlemen will be
at once sensible of the great distinction between
the two cases. In the one instance, he exercises his
high power as a President upon his own presiden-
tial discretion. In the other case, he carries into
effect the sentence, the finding of a board, under
the operation of an act of Congress. His power in
the one instance is constitutional, and he acts upon
it, and then it has an irresistible character and
quality of constitutionality; but when liis action is
under the law, it has a different and humbler origin,
and may be resisted. He has been led into it by,
and he has founded it upon, an erroneous and ille-
gal finding of a board. That is thecase here.
It is no argument in this case to say that the
President had power to remove, and, having ex-
ercised it, the subject has been closed. No, s^r,
it is no such case as that; we cannot delude our-
selves into that fancy. The action of the board,
the recommendation of the Secretary of theNavy,
the approval of the President, are all parts and
parcels of a thing done, not under the Constitu-
tion, but under an act of Congress. The act of
the President, the act of the board, the act of the
Secretary, and all the other acts under it, are to
bo measured and adjudged by their conformity
to the law.
Such is my view of this case. I think, there-
fore, sir, that it is perfectly competent for the
Congress of the United States utterly to annul
and abrogate the whole action of the board, and
make it as though it had never been. I think the
action of the President is but an incident under
this law, and that falls the moment the founda-
tion is taken away. That far-1 am prepared to
go in my vote, and that far I will go, unless some
means be found to extricate from the thraldom
and dishonor of the action of the board those
men who have been unjustly removed or other-
wise unjustly dealt with. I will take that respons-
ibility; or rather I will not take the responsi-
bility of condemning one honorable and good
man, because forty who may be supposed to be
in a measure criminal or incompetent have been
joined with )#m. I am willing to take the re-
sponsibility of turning loose from this sentence
the inefficient—those that arc somewhat guilty, if
you please—rather than condemn unjustly a just
and honorable man. That is the position on
which I stand.
Now, sir, how can the Committee on Naval
Affairs, in whose discretion and justice and
judgment 1 have much confidence, proceed to
accomplish the object which is desired, in such a
temperate manner as to save the good that has
been done, and save those officers who have been
improperly removed? I should think that upon
an appeal to the Secretary of the Navy, he would
take the initiative, and send us back for restora-
tion the names of such officers as, upon subse-
quent consideration or subsequent information,
he may deem worthy of restoration. If the
Executive is disposed to cooperate with us, we
may attain the object of both parties, do justice
to the country on the one side by the exclusion
of incompetent persons, and do justice to the
individuals who have been injured on the other.
Send in your list, gentlemen, so far as your
knowledge has gone, of the individuals who have
been wronged and improperly displaced. If we
concur with you as to that, so far the object will
be accomplished. When that is done, it will
lessen the number of corrections necessary to be
made. We may be satisfied with those that the
President himself shall renominate. We shall
thus go quietly, cautiously, and justly forward,
retaining the good that the board has accom-
plished, and avoiding all the injustice that would
otherwise follow from its findings.
Now, who ought to be more gratified with this
course of proceeding than the board itself? Is
it any imputation oil its members that we do not
consider their judgments as infallible ? Certainly
not. Ought they~not to rejoice that, upon fur-
ther consideration and further information, some
of their brother officers, whom they felt painfully
bound to lemove fiom the service, have now been
rescued from that sentence? Certainly, I should
think so, and I doubt it not from the character
of those officers.
Rut, sir, there must be some correction; justice
demands it; the Senate, unless I misjudge them,
will insist upon it and have it; and if, by a re-
fusal of all cooperation on the part of the Execu-
tive in making this discrimination, we may find
ourselves unable to go through all those investi-
gations which will be necessary for us to dis-
criminate properly, in that case, I, for one, with-
out hesitancy, will take the course of annulling
altogether all that has been done under the law
organizing this board.
Gentlemen may say that will not replace these
officers. That will remain as a legal question.
The result of it would be, I know, to scatter con-
fusion throughout the whole Navy; and I fear
that the end of this disastrous law will be found
in the utter confusion of the Navy of the United
States. I want to avoid it; and I think the way
I have suggested is the only way to avoid it. If
the President and Secretary of the Navy refuse
all concurrence in this mode—if they refuse to
recommend to us anybody for restoration—I do
not know that I should carp to go further, and
trouble the Senate with any investigations or dis-
criminations on the subject; but, as far as I could
!! do so, I would be for the utter annihilation of the
f, whole finding.
' But, sir, I did not intend to enter into that argu-
ment. Theactionof the board stands, if I under-
stand what it is, on no legal foundation. I do not
speak of a technical rule to be applied in courts;
I speak of a great principle; and I say no tribunal
has any other power than that which is delegated
to it by law. This board had the power to judge
of the efficiency of an officer—his capacity to do
duty ashore and-at sea. That alo e they had a
right to decide. I shall not go into a discussion
of that question. My purpose in rising was
to suggest that the executive officers should take
the initiative. I trust they will do so, and, on the
suggestion of the chairman of the committee, will
furnish us with such a list as they think ought to be
excepted out of the finding of the board. If they
refuse to do that, then I think it will be the duty
of the committee to go on with further investiga-
tions, and to bring ashore, on their own author-
ity, as many as they can of those drowning and
perishing people, for us to save them.
Mr. MALLORY. Let me say to the honorable
Senator from Kentucky, that the Committee on
Naval Affaiis of the Senate is now engaged in the
investigation of the whole subject. I concur with
him fully in the unwillingness which he has ex-
pressed to see a single case of injustice done by
this board stand uncorrected, if we have the power
to correct it. I believe we have the power, and
I expect in due time to show it; but if these dis-
cussions are to take place every morning, before
our report is handed in, I shall be compelled to
enter into the whole subject in detail, and show
in open session, instead of in executive session,
what* the committee expect to do. I may state,
generally, that they are engaged upon a report;
that we expect to show the action of the board,
so that the Senate may judge of the mode of pro-
ceeding. We expect to show the quality of proof
that was admitted by the board in reference to these
officers; the time they occupied in their proceed-
ings, so that the Senate may judge dispassionately
of it. We also intend to propose a remedy for
cases of injustice, which I have no doubt will meet
the judgment of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am happy to hear that
such is the course of the committee. It meets
with my concurrence; and if, when they have
reported, they cannot go as far as I think they
ought to go, and if there are any cases of injustice
left behind, I must say to gentlemen that until
they are rescued, I am against the whole finding,
and I will vote against it all, and for the utter ob-
literation of the finding and all its consequences.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CRTTTENDEN presented the memorial
of William M. Armstrong, a commander in the
Navy, who has been placed upon the reserved
list, praying to be restored to his former rank and
position in the naval service; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of Lieu-
tenant Robert Handy, of the United States Navy,
who has been placcd on the reserved list, in con-
sequence of the action of the late naval board,
praying to bo restored to his former position in
the Navy; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have received, and been re-
quested to present, the petition of Commander
Joseph R. Jarvis, of the United States Navy,
which is accompanied by a copy of a letter from
Commodore Conner. The petitioner states that
he has, by the action of the late naval board, been
placed on the retired list, without any known
cause; and he asks for such action by Congress
as shall restore him to the active list, with such
promotion as he would have been entitled to but
for having been placed on the retired list. I move
that the petition be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BIGGS. I am requested to present to the
Senate the memorial of Lieutenant J. N. Maffit,
of the Navy, who states that he has been in the
naval servico for the last twenty-three years—
eighteen of them in actual service at*sea. He
states that while engaged in this active service he
was placed by the action of the late naval board
upon the reserved list, with furlough pay; and he
prays for relief from that action.
Mr. President, I do not propose to accompany
this memorial with any remarks. To me, a new
