THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MAY 3, 1856.
New Series No. 68.
THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
The Senate resumed the considorntion of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. Iyerson, on the
29th of February, for the appointment of a select
committee to investigate the action of the late
naval retiring board.
The PRESIDENT. On this question the
Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. BAYARD. Before the honorable Senator
from Georgia proceeds with his remarks, I wish
to ask the permission of the Senate to submit
(with a view that it may be printed) a substitute
which I intend to offer, by way of amendment",
to the bill reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, as a remedy for the evils that may have
resulted from the action of the naval board" under
the law of 1855. I intend, if it interferes with
no other Senator, to endeavor to get the floor for
Monday; and I should like to have this substitute
printed before that time, as it includes the entire
remedy which I propose. 1 ask permission now
to offer it informally, and accompany it by a
motion that it be printed as an amendment to be
offered at the proper time to the bill reported by
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the amendment will be received informally, and
ordered to be printed. [" Agreed."]
Mr. TOOMBS addressed the Senate upon the
nature of the law of 1855, the action of the board,
and the proper remedy for the officers who have
been unjustly dealt with. His speech will be
published in the Appendix.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Delaware
has notified the Senate that he desires to be heard
on this subject on Monday; but he is not present
at this moment. To accommodate him, I move
that the further consideration of the subject be
postponed until Monday, and be made the special
order for that day, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk,
.announcing that the House of Representatives
agreed to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 8) to amend the act in addition to
certain acts granting bounty land to certain offi-
cers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States, approved
March 3, 1855, with amendments.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of the House joint resolution (No. 12,) for
enlarging the custom-house, post office, and court-
house at Cleveland, Ohio, the pending question
being on the amendments of the Committee on
Commerce to include in the proposed extension
similar buildings at Detroit and Milwaukie.
Mr. PUGrH. Mr. President, I think the prop-
osition before the Senate is a singularly unfair
one, and one which the Senator fram Michigan
should have been the last to offer. The House
of Representatives, by a suspension of the rules,
and upon the recommendation of a committee, in
view of special circumstances, has sent us a reso-
lution contemplating an increase of the size of the
custom-house building at Cleveland. If we amend
this resolution by inserting new propositions,
and return it to the House, it involves another
reference to a committee, and further delay.
Now, sir, it is of the last importance to the
people interested in the commerce of the city of
Cleveland and of Lake Erie, that this custom-
house building should proceed without delay. The
Department is ready to proceed; and why it should
be made the bearer for other propositions, simi-
lar in character, and perhaps meritorious, passes
my comprehension. I did not treat the Senator
from Michigan in this manner when he had a
proposition before the Senate; nor did my col-
league treat him so* when two bills were brought
in here for the improvement of the "St. Clair flats
68
and the St. Mary's flots, in the State of Michigan,
and wo were asked to pass them without a refer-
ence to a standing committee. Then my colleague
and myself did not insist on making them the
bearers of our various propositions for the im-
provement of our rivers and harbors. We allowed
them to go on their individual merits. Those bills
have been passed by this body, and have gone to
the House, whereas the rest of our bills remain
here. Yet, when a resolution is now presented
from the House of Representatives for a single
case, it is proposed to be amended, so as to in-
volve the necessity of delay, of further examina-
tion in the House, and perhaps will end in the
defeat of the original measure, or will at least defer
it until such a late season that the work cannot
be progressed with during this year.
It seems to me that the Senator ought, in jus-
tice to himself, to withdraw these amendments,
and offer them m the shape of a separate resolu-
tion I shall have no objection to that resolution;
and if he can convince other Senators of its pro-
priety, I have no doubt it will be passed at once,
and can take its appropriate reference m the House.
Mr. STCJAUT. Mr. President, 1 do not desire
to discuss this question; but the Senator from
Ohio seems to be laboring under so great a mis-
apprehension thatl think heoughtto be corrected.
In the first place, 1 have no power to withdraw
these amendments. They are reported from the
Committee on Commerce by the instructions of
that committee, and I have no more power to
withdraw them than the Senator himself has.
They are not amendments offered by me individ-
ually. That is one error into which the Senator
has fallen.
In the next place, the Senator says that the
proposition of the committee is unfair. I must
take a moment to show that it is not unfair. Tlus
is a subject of legislation not for the State of Ohio,
not for the city of Cleveland, but for the United
States. The Government of the United States
has deemed it proper to make appropriations for
the erection of these buildings at different points
in the country for its own exclusive use, and has
demanded, before the buildings can be erected at
all, that the State authority shall be surrendered
over the ground. There cannot be a dollar ex-
pended for the erection of one of these buildings
until this requisition is first complied with. This
has been done in these cases. Now, what has
happened ? •
Two years ago the appropriations for the build-
ings at Milwaukie and Detroit were made; one
year ago an appropriation of a similar character
was made for Cleveland. Upon consultation,
the Departments having charge of the business
to be conducted in these various buildings have
concluded that these structures provided for them
are too small. The same case is presented in
regard to the buildings at Buffalo and at Chicago,
and a joint resolution has passed both Houses
at the present session to extend the structure at
Buffalo. The Departments are recommending
an enlargement at Chicago to a still greater
extent; and that is the reason why the Committee
on Commerce did not recommend that it should
be included in the same resolution. It turns
out, however, that Cleveland, Detroit, and Mil-
waukie, in the opinion of the Departments having
control of these questions, need buildings of pre-
cisely the same size. The enlargement in these
three' cases is identical in every respect.
Again, it is deemed proper to go on with the
construction of these buildings aa soon as it can
be possibly done in all the three cases.
It appears, then, that there cannot be a single
suggestion made, applicable to Cleveland, which
does not apply with equal force to Detroit and
Milwaukie. I could show, if it were nectssary,
that the business of the other two places is larger;
but that is not necessary. The question of the
necessity and propriety of these buildings has
been settled by the appropriations heretofore
made. Now, when a committee of this body,
acting in the discharge of its duty, on the recom
mendations of the Departments, in considering a
proposition for the enlargement of the buildings
at Cleveland, says that it is right and proper to
put two other places, which stand on precisely
the same footing in every respect, in the same
bill, I ask, is it proper to characterize that as
unfair on the part of any member of the com-
mittee? I cannot so understand it.
Now let me say a word in relation to the Sen-
ator's illustration, for it will be seen, I think, on
examination, that he was equally in error on that
point. I need not remark to the Senator from
Ohio that what I say to him here is not only with
the utmost respect but with friendship for him.
I hope I cannot be understood otherwise. The
bills to which lie has referred were introduced by
my honorable colleague at the beginning of the
present session. They were not then referred to
the Committee on Commerce, because they had
been recommended by that committee last year,
passed by the Senate, sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives, recommended by the committee
there, passed by the House, and only failed to
become laws because the President did not give
them his approval. They had received the sanc-
tion of both Houses, and of the committees of
both Houses, and it was therefore a work of su-
pererogation to send them again to the Committee
on Commerce. The same course was pursued m
regard to a bill introduced by the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Suuell,] for partly the same
reason, it having passed the Senate last year. It
will be perceived, therefore, that there is no anal-
ogy between the cases,
1 would notembarrass improperly thismeasure,
and 1 have no such object m view. I thought I
explained sufficiently yesterday to the Senators
from Ohio, and to the Senate, the effect which the
adoption of these amendments will have. The
bill will go back to the House of Representatives
it is true, but the question before the House will
simply be on concurring in our amendments.
The original measure in regard to Cleveland has
no point of interest in it which does not exist in
both the other cases. The House by a vote of
two thirds—1 think nearly three fourths—took it
up and acted upon it when it stood by itself;
how, then, will it be hazarded by these amend-
ments? Itsstrength will certainly not be injured.
If Senators will only reflect that these are not
private or local measures, but measures of public
and constitutional interest, they will perceive that
the motive power is increased just in proportion
as you add to them. I admit that if you introduced
into this measure a new proposition that would
embarrass it, and 1 would not do that; I would
not sanction it; but there is no new proposition in
these amendments. Provisions have been made
by law heretofore to erect public buildings at theso
points; they are found to be too small; it is ne-
cessary to progress •with them now, or lose this
season. The same reason applies to each of these
cases. They all stand on an equal footing.
Now, sir, I hope that the action of the com-
mittee on this subject will be fairly considered by
the Senate; and, if so, I think the amendment of
the committee will be sustained. I stated soma
facts yesterday in the debate which I could repeat
if necessary, and which would give more import-
ance, perhaps, to one of these points than to that
embraced in the original resolution, but I have no
desire to embarrass it improperly. I only submit
that Congress should not be called upon to take
up each of these propositions separately, when
precisely the same measure has been agreed to
by the House in two cases, Buffalo and Cleve-
land, at the present session. And these stand an
identically the same grounds. I think, under
these circumstances, Congress should not be
called upon to legislate on each particular case in
a separate bill. I hope the Senate will so consider,
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to propound a ques-
tion which will govern my vote on this matter.
I know but very little of the rules of the House
of Representatives, and I desire to ask the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, who has been a.
member of the House for many years, and ^ ac-
quainted with its rules and proceedings, whether
