1948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
Tellers wero ordered; and Messrs. LEiTERand
Phelps were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 63, noes 51. No quorum voting,
the roll was accordingly called, and the following
gentlemen faiied to answer to their names:
Messrs. Bail, Barclay, Bell, Bingham, Bowie, Brooks,
Broom, Burlmgame, Burnett, Carhle, Caskie,ClnIds, Bay-
ard Clarke, Howell Cobb, Cox, Cragm,Craige, Cullen, Da-
vidson, Day, Denver, I)e Witt, Dickson, Dunn, Edie, Ed-
mundson, Edwards, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Augustus
Hall, Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Herbert, Hickman, Hoffman, Hollo way, J. Glancy .Tones,
Lake, Lindley, McMullm, McQueen, Meacham, Mordecat
Oliver, Packer, Paine, Peck, Perry, Powell, Iticaud, Rich-
ardson, Rust, Sage, Scott., Samuel A. Smith, William R.
Smith, Stephens, Talbott, Vail, Walker, Wells, Wheeler,
Daniel B. Wright, and Zolhcofter.
The committee then rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Haven reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly House
bill No. 202*, and finding itself without a quorum,
the roil had been called, and tho committee Had
directed him to report to the House the names of
the absentees.
One hundred and sixty-five members having
answered to their names, the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union resumed its
session, (Mr. Haven m the chair.)
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee r"
the tellers resumed their places; and the House
having divided, the tellers reported—ayes seventy-
six, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Before the question be
taken on the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, I would like to propose an amend-
ment from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GROW. 1 yield the floor with the under-
standing that I am to have it afterwards.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Of course. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
In line nine hundred and sixteen, strike out "$800,000,"
and insert " $1,000,01)0so as to make the clause read as
follows:
For defraying the expenses of the supreme, circuit, and
district courts ot the United States, including the District of
Columbia ; aUo tor juio^ and witno-siN, in aui of the funds
ansing irom lines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred in the
fiscal yeat ending Jam' 30,I8.")7, and previous years; ;md
likewise lor defraying tin- c.xpci^es of suits in*which fl>e
United States a re concerned,anil ot prosecutions foi oifcnses
committed n#uiM the United States, and for the sate-keep-
iiig of prisoners, $!,OOU,U(JO.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Guow's amend-
ment.
Mr. GROW, l have one word to say in ex-
planation of the amendment, i do not propose
to consume much of the time of the IIounc. The
bill appropriates money for the prosecution of
offenses agumst tne Government of the United
States, i propose by my proviso, that none of
the money shall be used for prosecuting men m
the Terntoiy of Kansas for treason against the
United States. Itsimply limits the appropriation
so far as the Territory of Kansas is concerned;
but it affects in no way whatever appropriations
for other purposes; and when we stop this appro-
priation for prosecutions the piosecutions them-
selves will cease.
Mr. PHELPS. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 1 like an
open, manly way of meeting the question. The
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
is designed to have the effect of declining that the
law punishing persons for treason shall not bo
enforced in the Territory of Kansas. Now, I
ask him, if he desires to accomplish that purpose,
to present an amendment here which will call
upon the House to declare that the laws of the
United States punishing persons for treason shall
not be enforced within the Territory of Kansas.
That is the fair and manly way of meeting the
question. The object which the gentleman wants
to accomplish is that persons may be guiltv of
treason m the Territory of Kansas, and yet shall
not be prosecuted for it in any judicial tribunal '
of the land. In other words, lie is ottering a
r°Tfar^ Valium for traitors in that country.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the words: "Or for any pros-
ecution that has been heretofore instituted or car-
ried on. ' I desire to say that, as I understand
the amendment, it is to the clause out of which
all the incidental expenses attending the pros-
ecutions in Kansas must be paid—the prosecu-
tions instituted, and the processes in the hands
of Mr. Marshal Donaldson, under which Law-
rence was sacked, and the army marched there
for the purpose of arresting supposed criminals.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman allow me
to inteirupt him ?
Mr. STANTON. I do not yield to the gentle-
man. 1 trust that this Houso docs not intend to
give its sanction to the proceedings that have beeix
carrfbd on in that Territory. I trust they will
not authorize the payment of the posse comitatus
called out by the marshal of that Territory, not
to carry out any valid laws, but to act upon a
foray, for the purpose of putting down the Abo-
litionists; for the purpose of destroying the town
of Lawrence, and crushing out the free-State set-
tlers. That was the object; and 1 understand the
effect of this amendment to be, to settle, upon the
part of the House, whether we arc to pay outof
the public Treasury those who were engaged in
that nefarious work? So far as I am concerned,
I will not vote one dollar to pay the expenses of
filibuster or marauding expeditions.
Mr. KEITT. If i understand the effect of the
amendment of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Grow,] or that of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton,] it is, that no criminal prosecu-
tion shall be carried on in the Territory of Kan-
sas, for any crime whatever, at the expense of
the United States. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, as I understand it, enlarges
tho operation of the amendment of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, so that under it no prosecu-
tion can be carried on in Kansas for the crime
of murder, arson, burglary, or any other crime
whatever. It prohibits ail judicial proceedings
whatsoever in Kansas Terntoiy. What is the
condition of things upon which we are called
to legislate ? A law was passed in 1854, organ-
izing the Territory of Kansas. Under that or-
ganic act, laws hove been passed by the Legisla-
tive Assembly of the Territory. It is charged
that those laws have been violated; and what is
this House called to do? It is to determine in
advance, independent of, and it may be against,
the judicial tribunals of the Tenitory, that these
laws have not been violated, and to withdraw
from those judicial tribunals all cognizance which
they have over persons thus charged with tho vio-
lation of law. It is asking that this legislative
tribunal shall constitute itself a judicial tribunal.
It is asking this House to determine whether or
not the execution of the laws has been resisted
—whether or not war has been levied agamst the
United States authorities in Kansas. If war has
been levied against the United States authorities,
as is charged, then these parties are guilty of
treason; and I ask whether the question should
not be determined by the judicial tribunals of the
country exclusively?
Do you propose to carry the political power of
this House to such an extentnis to screen crime?
My friend from Missouri [Mi'.PiiklpsJ has cor-
rectly said that the object of this amendment is
indirectly to wipe out all the legislation of the
Territory, and to redress the alleged wrongs of
the people of that Territory by launching them
into anarchy. What do you propose by this
amendment, if you do not propose that? Do
you propose, by the action of party here, to screen
men who have committed treason? Here arc
your judicial tribunals. Are they so corrupt that i
yon cannot trust them? You have acknowledged
your belief in the guilt of these men by under-
taking to declare in advance that they were not
guilty. Do you mean to say that the judiciary
of that Territory is so unreliable that it has been
prostituted to base purposes? If you do not
mean to say that, what do you mean ? You mean
no more and no less than to say that, if your
fiee-State men have been guilty of violation of
law, if tiicy have been guilty of treason, you
will interpose your party power to screen them
ftom the hangman's rope.
Mr. Stanton's amendment to the amendment
having been modified, was reported, as follows:
And for any prosecution* that have heretofore been insti-
tuted foi political otieiibCs.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I merely wish to
ask the gentleman from Ohio to inform me to
what class of crimes known under the laws of
the United States political offenses belong? v
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The question now being on Mr. Stanton's
amendment to the amendment,
Mr. LEITER called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
Galloway were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 69, noes 59.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. Grow's amendment, as amended, was
then adopted. *
Mr. TAYLOR. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the marshal of the eastern district of Louisiana,
for the rep.ihs of turntture, and for furniture supplied tor
the couit-room and offices of the United States lor tho
eastern di.-tuct of Louisiana, rendered nece&saiy in con-e
quencc of the removal of the said courts from the .Munici-
pal Hall, in the lirst di&luet of New Oileau4-, the sum of
$;{62 60: That the vouchers shall he submitted
to the Socretaiy of the Intenor, and the expendiuncs ap-
proved by him.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me that this is
a private claim; vouchors are to be presented,
&c., and I hold that it is not in order.
Mr. TAYLOR. The amendment is in order
under the rules, and so the gentleman will be
assured, if he will turn to them.
The CHAIRMAN. On looking at the amend-
ment, the Chair is of the opinion that it is not in
order.
Mr. TAYLOR. I think that it is in order
under the 81st rule. The object of the amend-
ment comes under the head of " contingencies,"
under the head of judicial expenses."
Mr. PHELPS. The contingencies under the
head of judicial expenses, are paid out of the
preceding appropriations, when they arc author-
ized by law. If the expenditure proposed is not
authorized by law, then it is not a contingency.
Mr. TAYLOR. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BALL. I am instructed by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
For arrearages due Baley Drown, keeper of the upper
Eastern Branch bridge, for expenses incuried in the years
1853 and 1834, in the purchase of fuel and oil, and in the
repairs of lamps, $100.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I offer as an amend-
ment the following additional section to the bill:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the first section of
the act entitled " An actto remodel the diplomatic and con-
sular system of the United States," passed March 1, J83.%
shall be so construed as that the annual compensations pa?d
lor the diplomatic representatives of the United States, at
the several coutitucs therein emnneiated, shall be the b.uuo
as theicm specified theiefor respectively, whether such
representatives &hal Ibe of the siades exisami? at the time
of tiie passage of the bill, or ol a superiot giade, and that
smell compensation commence fiom the i&t day of July,
lboo, as the peuod designated m said act.
The object of this amendment is to give a con-
struction to the first section of an act passed by
the last Congress in 1855. It proposes no appro-
priation, but authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to apply money already appropriated to the
payment of the salaries of the ministers resident
at the various foreign posts to which they have
been assigned.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs whether
the persons who are to be benefited by his amend-
ment were nominated to, and confirmed by, the
Senate after the passage of that law?
Mr. PENNINGTON. No, they were not.
Mr. HOUSTON. My understanding is, that
the consular bill of last session required that
the representatives of this Government abroad
should be nominated to, and confirmed by, the
Senate, before they could avail themselves of the
increased salary provided for in the bill. Is that
correct -1
Mr. PENNINGTON. I will state briefly what
the provisions of that bill are in the particulars
referred to. The first section directs the President
of the United States to appoint full ministers
plenipotentiary and envoys extraordinary, at
all the places where this Government have dip-
lomatic representatives. Prior to the passage
of the act, (Match 1, 1855,) he had already
