1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
the adoption of these amendments will endanger
the passage of the bill in the House, or delay
it materially in point of time? If there were a
probability of that, I should be disposed to vote
against the amendments. I think all the appro-
priations right enough, because Congress have
authorized the construction of these three build-
ings for the combined purposes of the courts,
custom-house, and post office, in these respective
places, and it has been found by the Secretary of
the Treasury, as he reports to us, that they are
not sufficiently large for the proper accommoda-
tion of the different branches of the public service
to which they are to be applied. I am willing to
pay that deference to the opinion of the Secretary
of the Treasury, as it is a matter of executive
cognizance, on which I have no doubt he has
fully informed himself, to consider it as correct.
I believe, therefore, that the appropriations pro-
posed by the amendments are right and proper;
but if the effect of the adoption of the amend-
ments will be to delay the bill unreasonably, orto
embarrass proceeding with the building to which
the original bill passed by the House relates, I
am not willing to agree to them, but would rather
pass them in the shape of an additional bill, and
let them take their own fate. If, however, the
adoption of them will not have the effect of pro-
ducing any material delay, I think it appropriate
nnd right (the cases standing on the same prin-
ciple and on the same weight of evidence, and the
same necessity existing for the additions,) that
they should be embodied in the same bill.
Mr. STUART. As the Senator from Dela-
ware appeals to me, 1 will give him my views for ,
what they are worth. As he says. I was for.
some time a member of the House, and may there- j
fore be supposed to be somewhat familiar with its
rules. 1 say that the course which this bill must
take when it goes back to the House of Repre-
sentatives with the amendment is [his: it will go
on the Speaker's table, and after the morning hour
has expired on any day it will bo competent for
a majority of the House to vote to proceed to the
consideration of the business on the Speaker's
tabic; and when they do so they can take up
this bill and concur in these amendments.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President  
Mr. PUG'H. Will my colleague allow me to
answer the Senator from Michigan while the
matter irf fresh in mind?
Mr. WADE. Certainly, sir. j
Mr. PUGH. My impression and belief are j
that, if these amendments prevail, they will en-
tirely defeat, for the present season, the appropri-
ation at Cleveland, That case stands on peculiar
grounds. At the time when the original appropri-
ation was made by Congress, there was no statute
of Ohio authorizing the cession of jurisdiction
over the site, ami the appropriation has lain over,
T think, for two ye.irs, until ihe Legislature of
Ohio could meet and pass n statute of that de-
scription. The law has been passed, and we are
now ready to proceed with the work. We are
already behind the site of the Senator from Mich-
igan.
I know, .sir, that when this joint resolution shall
go back to the House of Representatives with these
amendments, if they be adopted, the question
will be on concurrence in the Senate amendments;
but what will be the case in point of fact? This
resolution has been in Committee of the Whole
House under their rules, which require every
appropriation of money to be first considered m
Committee of the Whole House. That commit-
tee was discharged from its furthereonsideration,
and it was then put on its passage. If now we
send back to the House propositions for further
appropriations, they will not vote upon them on
a simple motion to go to the business on the
Speaker's table, but the Senate amendments will
be referred to the Committee of the Whole House,
and there they will stay.
Mr. BAYARD. Do I understand the honor-
able Senator to say that, under the rules of the
H ousc of Representatives, if we send this bill back
with amendments, the necessary effect will be
that the whole bill, together with the amendments,
must go to the Committee of the Whole?
Mr. PUGH. That is my opinion. As it is a
matter in regard to the rulus of the other House,
however, it is a matter of judgment.
Mr. BAYARD. If that be the fact, it would
control my vote.
Mr. PUGH. The appropriation for Milwaukie
and Detroit must be regarded as new appropria-
tions, which have not been considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole House, but this for Cleve-
land has been so considered.
Now, let me see whether.it is in the power of
my friend from Michigan to withdraw his prop-
osition. When I said it was unfair, of course I
did not mean anything personal towards him;
but I spoke of the character of the proposition.
Here it is proposed to insert the buildings at De-
troit and Milwaukie; and does not every Senator
know that the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] and the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Dodge,] are two of the members of that very
committee? When my friend from Iowa, [Mr.
Jones,] yesterday succeeded in tabling this reso-
lution, it was because the committee had not in-
cluded his custom-house.
Sir, the question before us simply is whether,
because the House of Representatives has passed
this resolution on considerations confined to itself,
it shall be made to carry every other locality in
which a Senator may be interested; and whether
those Senators who happen to be mcmbeisof the
Committee on Commerce shall saddle it with their
propositions, and leave off that of the Senator
from Iowa? Why, sir, we passed a few days
since the resolution from the House for the en-
largement of the Buffalo custom-housc. Why
were not these propositions offered as amend-
ments to that? Why is it that wo wait for the
ease of Cleveland, in the State of Ohio, before
any such amendments are proposed.
| Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
j allow me to say a word of explanation m my own
| behalf m this matter ?
! Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
j Mr. SEWARD. When I went into the room
] of the Committee on Commerce of the Senate
; yesterday morning, I was informed, as I under-
| stood, that the amendments proposed by the Sen-
j ator fiom Michigan, a colleague of mine on the
' committee, would be acceptable to the Senators
from Ohio, and therefore I agreed to report that
the amendments should be made. It was not until
the debate arose that I knew there was opposition
to them. If I had understood the case rightly, 1
, should have been opposed to incorporating this
proposition into the other. At the same time, if
the two amendments shall be adopted, I shall feel
it to be my duty to support also the proposition of
the Senator from Iowa in regard to Dubuque; but
I agree with the Senator from Ohio that the better
plan is to let cach proposition stand by itself.
Mr. PUGH. I believe that the Senator from
New York is a member of the Committee on
Commerce; and the bill for the enlargement of
the custom-house building at Buffalo, in New
York, was not embarrassed by any amendment,
but was passed at once. Now, I ask the Senate,
and I ask my friend from Michigan, whether I
have demanded anything unreasonable when I
say that the custom-houses at Milwaukie and at
Detroit shall stand on their own merits; shall go
through the other House regularly, as this reso-
lution has; and shall not be put on by way of
rider to defeat or defer a proposition which the
House of Representatives has fairly considered ?
I3nt the Senator says that this is not peculiar
to the State of Ohio. In one sense, to be sure, it
is not. It is not peculiar to Ohio in the sense
that we have any personal interest in it; but still
the people concerned in the commerce of Cleve-
land aie citizens of the State of Ohio, and citizens
whose interest it is the duty of my colleague and
myself to protect. I have no hostility toward
these other measures; but T simply ask that those
interested in them shall do as we have done—
have them passed on their own merits.
I did not mean to indicate that the bills which
we passed for the improvement of navigation
over the St. Mary's and St. Clair flats were not
proper bills. I voted for them; I would do so
again; but I say that they passed the Senate in
advance of every other proposition of the same
nature; they have gone to the House of Repre-
sentatives, while the rest of the river and harbor
bills are here delayed for more than one or two
months. The Senator from Michigan obtained
the passage of his local measures without any
gentleman here offeiing to make them the medium
for carrying their propositions. If I had offered,
as an amendment to one of these bills, that which
has since been reported by the Committee on
Commerce, to improve the navigation of the Ohio
river, would not the Senator have implored me to
permit his case to go on its merits? Now, I only
ask him to do likewise. I appeal to him, and to
the Senator from Wisconsin, to bring in their
propositions separately, and let them be consid-
ered separately, on their own merits, for I assure
them that the public necessity which demands
that we proceed with the custom-house at Cleve-
land is urgent, and that there ought to be no de-
lay.
Mr. WADE. I have but a very few words to
add to what my colleague has already said. Time
is of more importance than anything else in this
matter. It is imperative that the original resolu-
tion, if passed at all, should be passed at once. I
do not say that the propositions embraced m the
amendments have not equal merit with the ori-
ginal resolution. I do not think, however, that
| they have superior claims in any particular: but,
' at any ra$e, I can see no necessity for embarrass-
ing the original resolution. I think it would be
! much better to allow it to pass by itself, and
permit the work at Cleveland to be proceeded
with at once. It is agreed on all hands that itis
expedient that it should be done without any
unnecessary delay. If it is a public measure,
not peculiar to the State of Ohio, as the Senator
from Michigan says, what reason connected with
the public interests is there for this delay? None
has been assigned. None can be urged.
Besides, the adoption of the amendments now
will not expedite their final passage. I have no
doubt that you could pass them separately in
this body at once, and they would become laws
just as soon as the whole will when all are put
together,but the original measure will be delayed
by that course, and it may be a delay of a great
length of time. I have consulted many expe-
■ rienced members of the House on that point,
! and I learn from them that delay may be antici-
j pated,and for this reason I urge the passage of
the original resolution at once without amend-
ment, because it is important that it should not
be deferred. I am assured that there will be great
danger of delay if the resolution be sent back to
the House with amendments. I am told that it
will almost necessarily go again into the hands
of the Committee on Commerce; and we all know
that when a measure goes before a committee of
the House there is no telling when they will have
an opportunity to report it. I do not presume
that the committee of the House will be hostile
to the amendments, but the rules of the other-
House are such that it is difficult for them to
report, except occasionally. They have to wait
from day to day, from week to week, and some-
times from month to month, before they have an
opportunity to make reports, and I have no doubt
the whole measure will be delayed in that way,
if amended.
_ For this reason I desire to have the resolu-
tion passed as it came from the House without
amendment, and then the other cases can be pro-
vided for in a separate bill. There is another con-
sideration for this course. The Representative of
the Cleveland district in the other House took
great pains to have the resolution passed. Since
it was passed by the House ho has left the city,
and in his absence no one, I presume, will take
it specially in charge, if it be sent back there.
All these considerations urge me to ask the
Senate to pass the resolution immediately, with-
out amendment, so that the contracts may be
made without delay; and the other cases, if mer-
itorious, as I have no doubt they are, can be in-
cluded in a separate bill, and put on their passage
at once. I think all will be accommodated by
this course, and there will be no time lost even
to the measures embraced in the amendments.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President , i;v<Ty reason urged
by the honorable Senators from Ohio, in respect
to the custom-house at Cleveland, applies to the
condition of the other two custom-houses em-
braced in the amendments. It is simply a ques-
tion of construction. Unless the appropriation
be made soon, the buildings caimotgo on to com-
pletion. Two years have already elapsed, and
the work has not been commenced. This is the
reason which has influenced my colleague, in the
endeavor to attach them to this hill, because, if
attached to it, under these circumstances, they
will go'through tho House sooner than if they
