1850;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S49
pension; ten dollars per month having been allow-
ed him before.
James Davidson, in the battle of the Thames,
commanded a company of mounted Kentucky
volunteers; and, upon orders to that effect, with
his troops charged upon the Indian lines, and
was the only man, officer or private, that executed
the order thoroughly. He passed through and
through the ranks of the enemy. He found him-
self alone on the other side, and in coming back
again was seized on every hand, shot in the breast,
and thrown from his horse. He survived, how-
ever, escaping in a most extraordinary manner,
and is now living, working in his old age with
his own hands. He was shot through the thigh,
and he was shot plumb in the breast; but he sur-
vived it all. He is now a poor old man, and he
asks for a pension. There is no man in the United
States who ever deserved it better. I move that
the petition be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. SEWARD. The time has arrived and
passed for the consideration of the special order
of the day. I understand from mv honorable
friend from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] who has the
floor upon that question, that it would not be
agreeable to him to begin an argument, at this
late hour of the day. 1 therefore ask that that
question may be taken up in order that it may
be postponed, and made the special order of the
day for to-morrow, at one o'clock.
Mr. STUART. That is not necessary. It will
ceitainly stand in that position to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. It will, unless there be a
different order of ihe Senate.
Mr. STUART. Does the Chair decide that,
when a subject is made a special order of the day
for a particular day, it does not remain so ofter
thai clay?
The PRESIDENT. There maybe other special
orders intervening, as is frequently the case, which
would prevent it coming up again.
Air. STUART. But is it not the rule of the
Senate, that when a question is made the special
order ic remains so, and that the flrstspecial order
on the files is the first to bo taken up, unless a
motion be made to the contrary >
The PRESIDENT. That is the uniform
practice.
Mr. STUART. Then there is no necessity
for the motion of the Senator from New York.
The PRESIDENT. The subject referred to
by the Senator from New York is the special
order of the day, at one o'clock. That hour has
passed.
Mr. STUART. Tt will remain the special
order for to-morrow then, if it be not taken up
to-day.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose there will be no
objection to taking up the special order for the
purpose indicated.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special older—
the motion to refer to (he Committee on Foreign
Relations the letter of Loid John Russell, "which
was communicated by the President of the United
States in answer to a resolution of the Senate.
Mr. FOOT. As 1 have, the floor upon the
question before the Senate, I desire to say that,
inasmuch as the hour assigned for its considera-
tion has so far passed by, I am not only quite
willing, but somewhat prefer that it should go
over to another day, provided, however, I may
not be postponed beyond to-morrow by an ad-
journment over. To-moirow, if it be thepleas^
ure of the Senate to proceed to the consideration
of the special order, atone o'clock, I shall present
the views which I have to submit on this ques-
tion.
The motion submitted by Mr. Seward was
agreed to; and the subject was postponed until
to-morrow, at one o'clock, and made the special
order for that time.
NEWPORT HARBOR.
Mr. JAMES offered the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs bo in-
structed to mquireintothe fitness or the haiborof Newport,
in the State of Rliode Island, for a naval depot; and also
to mquiie whwt other harbors, if any, on the coast of the
United States are capable of admitung the large war steam-
ers now 111 process of construction. And if, after such ex-
amination, said committee be satisfied of the superior fit-
ness of the harbor of Newport for the above purpose, and of
the expediency,under existing circumstances, of establishing
such a depot at that place, they report a bill accoidingiy.
WILLIAM MAXWELL WOOD.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be
directed to mqune as to ceituin public and mciitonous
services, alleged to have been pei formed by Surgeon Wil-
liam Maxwell Wood, United States Navy, m Mexico, dur-
ing the Mexican war, and as to the expediency of piovidmg
for some public recognition thereof.
CUSTO'jM-HOUSB AT GEORGETOWN.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following Res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Th.it the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquiie m the expediency of making an appropriation for
the put chase of a site, and the creel ion theieon of a suit-
able building;, for a eu^tom-house and post olfiee in Geoige-
town, m the District of Columbia.
LAWS OF KANSAS.
Mr. .TONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
the Territories, reported the following resolution,
which was considered by unanimous conscnt,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Piesidcnt bo, and he hereby is, re-
quested to funnel to the Senate copies of the Jaws and
journals of the Legi.-lative Assembly of the Teintory of
Kansas, and also copies of the executive pioceediujjs and
eoiretpomleneo of the Governoi or Governors of i aid Ter-
nfory, or of anypei?on acting as such; and that lie also
communicate to the Senate such information as he ha* m
relation to the present number of inhabitants in said Tci-
litoiy.
SPANISH COINS.
Mr. FISK submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, Thai the Committee on Finance inquire
whethei the nnallei £pam?-h silvei com-' may not be re-
moved ftoni encuhition, Oi have a -value c.^Mbhshed In law
to accoid with their lutuiis-ic vaiue, and to avoid fractional
paits of a cent.
RAILROAD ON PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
scnt, and agreed to:
ResolvetU That the Committee on the .Tudieimy be in-
stiucied to inquire and report to the Senate by wh.it sup-
posed HiiThonty, if any, certain poisons have claimed and
exeieised the right to lay a ladroad tiack across Pennsyl-
vania avenue, and thiougli Maryhuul avenue, m the eny of
Washington ;and th<u they aUo leport what they shall deem
neces&ury for the icnioval of said tiack.
LIFE-BOATS.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, submitted
the following lesoluiion; which was considered !
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Rcsoh ed, That the Secieiajy of the Treasury be lequested
to communicate to tins body the mnnhet and condition of
the Government stations on the coast of New Jeisev, and
of the life-boats and appaiatiH lor saving life in case ot
clnpwieek; and aJ^o wiiether any and what meaMiies, m
addition to those aheudy adopted, aie advt.*able more,
piomptly and effectually to atford aid to shipwrecked ves-
sels. ,
£jUGINATTON (^APPROPRIATION BILtjjg>
Mr. HUNTER. Some time since it will be
recollected that the Senate, by a resolution, di-
rected the Committee on Finance to inquire into
t^e_ cxpe d iency of rep or tin g" *dT e *"gc n e raFap pro -
pnation bills. The Committee on Finance have
had that resolution under consideration, and they
have come to the conclusion that u would, per-
haps, be better that they should be directed to
prepare suclfoT"those appropriation bills'as they
may deem expedient, and report them to the
Senate. It is probable, that by so doing, they
may be able to expedite the business of the two ;
Houses; and it may be that the committees of the j
House and of the Senate will agiee on some dis- j
tnbution of this business, which will promote the j
convenience of both Houses. I am, therefore, ■
directed to report the following resolution, which
I ask may now be considered:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
jo prepaio and icport, such ot the general nppiopnauon bill >
as they may deem expedient.
Air. SEWARD. I prefer that the consideration
of that resolution Miould he over until to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made to t
the consideration of the resolution, it will lie over ,
under the rules. 1
INDIAN REPORT.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. X present the following
resolution:
Xtesolved, That two thousand copies of the last annual
report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, with the ac-
companying documents, be printed and bound for the use
of the Indian department.
It is usual, I believe, to refer such resolutions
to the Committee on Printing; and I therefore
propose that this shall take that direction.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is hardly necessary to
refer the resolution to the Committee on Print-
ing; these extra copies are always ordered.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then I ask for the imme-
diate consideration of the resolution
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
MAILS BETWEEN CAIRO AND NEW ORLEANS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to offer a resolution,
which 1 ask to be taken into immediate consid-
eration. I am sorry to trouble the Senate on the
same subject so often; but duty to my constitu-
ency requires me to call the attention of the body
to this subject again. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be mstiucted to
report to the Senate what is the piesent condition of the
mail communication between New Orleans and Cairo, and
what measures have been taken by lum to secure the
punctual tiansmission of a daily mail between those two
points.
I am told there is but one mail a week now on
that route.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
ORGANIZATION OF THE TWO HOUSES.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. William V.
McIvean, Chief Clerk:
Mi. Piuisidk^t: I am directed to mfoim the Senate of
the parage of the tollowmg resolution by the House of
Representatives :
''Resolved, That a message be sent to the Senate to inform
that body tlnu a quorum of the lluu-->e of Representatives
has a^scipbled. and that Nxthanu-t. 1*. Banks, Jr , one of
the Kepicsentatives from the State of Massachusetts,has
been chosen Speaker, and that the Ilou&e is now ready to
pioeeod to business!."
T am also dnected to inform the Senate that the House
of Representatives has passed the followingoider:
i: Oidered, That a committee be appointed on the part of
this House, to join such committee a< may bp appointed on
the pint of the Swnate, to wait on the Pi evident of the
United Stales, and inform him that a quorum of the House
of HepicsentaSives has assembled, and that Congress is
iead} to lcceivc any communication lie may be pleased to
make."
And that Mr. Pfnn'ivoto^ of New Jcirny, Mr. Atkfn of
South Carolina, and Mi. Hroo'i of PemiM !\ r.,'ia,li.i\e been
appointed the committee oti the part of the House.
On motion by Mr. TOUCEY, it was
Raoh (d, That a committee ooiMe.T'U£ of three members
be appointed, jointly \\irh the committee appointed by the
House of Rep)c,eniatives, to wait on the Piesidciir of the
United State,-, and mioim him that aquoiumof each House
has a^-embled, and that Centre,is se.idy to icceive any
further communication he may be pleaded to make.
Ordered, That the committee he appointed by the Piesi-
dent \-ro tempore of the Senate.
Messrs. Toucey, Biggs, and Jones of Ten-
nessee, were appointed the committee on the part
the Senate.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, gave notice
of his intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to
compensate the owners of certain military lands
in the State of Kentucky, granted to the. officers
and soldiers of the Virginia line of the army of
the Revolution, which have been taken by para-
mount claims.
Mr. CLAY gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce bills of the following titles:
A bill to improve the military defenses of Mo-
bile, and of the internal navigation between that
city and the eitv of New Orleans; and
A bill to gra'>t alternate sections of the public
land within the State of Alabama, in aid of the
construction of certain railroads in that State.
KILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. YULE", in pursuance of previous notice,
asked find obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. ]) to provide for the sale, by preemption,
of certain portions of the pubiic lands, to the
States within which th'1 y he; winch was read
twice by its title, and lefeired to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS. Some time ago I gave notice of
my intention to ask leave to introduce tv.*o bills,
