1950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Stephens.
Mr. DENVER stated that he had paired off
•with Mr. Day.
Mr. EVANS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Hall, of Massachusetts.
Mr. HO&TON, of New York, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Kicaud.
Mr- NICHOLS stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Burnett.
Mr. SNEED stated that Mr. Puryear. had
paired off with Mr. Howard, upon all general
questions during the day.
Mr. SAGrE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. "Fuller, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. TH0R1NGT0N stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Cobb, of Georgia.
Mr. TR1PPE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Welch.
Mr. WALBRIDGE stated thatMr. Waldron
had paired off with Mr. Vail.
Mr. WALKER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Mace.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Wakeman.
Mr. PRINGLE stated that Mr. Dick had
paired off with Mr. Smith, of Tennessee; and
that Mr. Edwards had paired off with Mr. Da-
vidson.
The House then proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing amendment, as a proviso to the appropri-
ations for Kansas, on which a separate vote had
been asked:
Provided, That the money hereby appropriated shall not
be diawn from the Treasury, 01 any pan thereof, arid the
same, or any part thereof, shall not be paid out of any other
iippiopiiation made by Congie&s, until all cintuu.il pio-;ecu-
tions now pending in any eoin t of Hie Territory of Kansas
ugamst any pet sou or peisons ehaiged with treason ajjam-t
the United States, and all criminal piosecutions by inform
cuion or indictment against any person or persons, tor any
alleged violation or disiegaid of the prolcssed laws of a
body of men who assembled at the Shawnee Mission in
said Teintory, claiming to be the Legislative A^embl> of
the said Terntory, shall be dismissed by the eomt; and
every person who is, or may he, icstrainod of his liberty bv
icasou ot such prosecution or prosecution*, shall be released
fiom confinement.
The yeas and nays were called for, and ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Albn^ht, Albion, Hall, BaYbour,
clay, Henry Bennett, Benson, BilhnsjhuiM. Bi>hop, Bl^s,
JBradshaw, lhenton, BuUmton, James H. Campbell,Chatlee,
E'/aa Claik, C|;iw->on. Colfav, Coimns, Covode, Ciagm,
Cumbaek, Danuell, Dean, Dirk, Dodd, Duilee, Emue,
Flagler, Galloway, Guiding, Giangei, Giow. Ilailan, llol-
Joway, Hughsiou, Kel,-e), lung, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Kno\, Kunkel, Lciiei, Matteson, MeCaity, Killian Miller,
Miliward, Moigau, Morrill, Mott, Muriay, Norton, Andicw
Oliver, Parker. Pearce, Pelton, Pennington, Penv, Petht,
Pike, Prtngle, I'm vuincr, Rite hie, Rohbins, Robei tx, Sahm,
Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Sjnimcr, Stanton, Stiunahan,
Tappan, Todd, Wade, Wallmdge, <-adwalader C. Wa h-
binne, Elliliu B. Wsvdibm ne, Isiael Wa->hbuin, Watson,
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—81.
NAV"S— Messis. Aiken, Bocoek, Bowie, Branch, Cad-
walader, Lewis 1). Campbell, CaiIde, Caskic, Clmjjman,
Williamson It. W. Cobb, Orawfojd, Ileury Winter Davit-,
Dowdell, Dunn, Elliott, English, FaMis, Faulknei, Flot-
once, foster, Goode, Greenwood, Haven, Hickman, Vat-
om ms 15. Hortnn, Houston, George ,W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kid well, Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Smith
Miller, Millson, Moore, Phelps, Portei, Quitman, Reade,
Riehardson, Rivers, Rulliu, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Scw-
aid, Shoiter, William Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Swope,
Tavloi, Thurston, Tyson, Underwood, Vallc, Wainer,
Watkins, Whitney, William^, Wm-dow, Daniel 15. Wright,
John V. Wiight, and Zollicotler—61).
So the amendment was concurred in.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. MEACHAM stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Orr.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, stated that, owing
to severe indisposition, he was absent from the
Hull when his name was called; otherwise, he
would have voted " no." j
The House then proceeded to consider the fol- j
lowing proviso to the Kansas appropriations, on j
which a separate vote had been asked: I
t Pro virled, nevertheless, And 1 he appropriations for said Ter- j
ritory of Kan& t& arc made upon these expires condition*, i
that all prosecutions pending in said Terntory for tending [
t a Part of the posie comitate, or lor treason, or for ,
taking part, as oflicer or otherwise, m any legal or illegal
election therein, or for other political enme-ior offense,
shall be suspended until Conci ess -hall have passed upon
th" validity oi the alleged Legislative As^cmblv of «aul Ter-
ritory; and until such time all persons now in custody for
such oltensca shall be discharged from custody; and until
such tune no one bhall be charged with such crime or of-
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
[ desire to know whether there are any commu-
nications on the Speaker's table from gentlemen
resigning their seats in the House ? Judging from
the number of vacant seats I suppose there are.
Mr. SHERMAN offered to withdraw his
amendment.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN, 'then I move to lay the
amendment on the table.
Several Members. The gentleman cannot do
thai^
mf. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that motion and lot the bill be sent to
the Senate this evening, so that we may go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and have general discussion to-night.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Do I understand that the
gentleman will move to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. KNOX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken on the amendment;
and it was decided in the negative—yeas 39, nays
111; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barbour, Henry Bennett, Bishop, Buffin-
ton, Chatlee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Cum-
baek, DumicM, Dean, Dodd, Emnc, Flagler, Granger,
Hughstori, Kel-ey, Knapp, Knowlton, Leiter, Matte on,
Morgan, Mott, Muriay, Andrew Oliver, Pennington, Perry,
Pike, Pnngle, itobbius, Sapp, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan,
Cadwalader C Wasbburne, Elhhu B. Waabbuinc, Wat&on,
and Woodruff—W.
NAYS — Mossis. Aiken, Albright, Barclay, Ilendley S.
Bennett, Benson, Bilbnghur^t. Blit^, Bocoek, Bowie, Brad-
shaw, Branch, Bieuton, Cadwalader, James U. Campbell,
John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caihle, Cu->kio,
Chngman, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Covode, Ciagin, ('raw-
foul, Henry Winter Davis, Dick, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmund-
son, Elliott, English, Eustis, Florence. Fostei, Giddmg-:,
Coode, Gieenwood, Giow, Ilailan, Thomas L. Hants,
llavcn, Hickman, llolloway, Valentine B. Iloiton, Houston,
(Jeorge W. Jone<, J. Clancy Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Knlwell,
King,Knight,Knox,Kunkel,Letcher,ijimpkia, Humphrey
Mar-hall, Samuel S. Man-hall, Maxwell, MeCarty, Killiau
Mdler, Smith Miller, Million, Mdhvard, Mooic, ISlornll,
Noiton, Paikcr, Pelton, Pettit, Phelps, Porter, Powell,
Puiviance, (iuitman, Reade, Ilichaidson, Ritchie, lhve^,
lloberts, RutKn, Hi^t, Sabin, Sandidge, Savage, Sewaid,
Sherman, Shortei, Simmons, William Smith, Sneed, Stcw-
ait, Stranahan, Tavlor, Thurston, Todd, Traiton, 'J'vson,
Underwood,Valk, Wade, Walbrulge, Warner, Isiael \Vasti •
burn, Watkms, Wiihams Wnihlovv, Wood, Woodwoith,
Daniel J{. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zollicoffer—111,
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FAULKNER stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Galloway
The next amendment on which a separate vote
had been asked was then reported, as follows:
Strike out the following clause :
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, ojhoers, clerks, and contingent ex-
pens><:&of the Assembly, ^0,000.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
^he motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS — M('^r«, Albright, Alli«on, Barbour, Baiclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bishop, Bh^-, Brad-
&haw, Bieaton, Bu Urn ton, James H. Campbell, Lowi^ D.
Campbell, Chatiee, K/jaClaik, Clawson, Colfax, Oonims,
Covode, Ciagin, Cunibaek, Daitnell, Dean, J)iek, Dodd,
Dunn, Din lee, F.rnii", FiaL'b'i, ^.'lddmir-, Cian<r>-r, Ckw,
Harlan, Haven, Hickman. Hollowav, Y,ileal me B. Hoiton,
llugliston, Kel.-ev, Kum, Knapp, Kniirlit, Knowlton, Kun-
kel, Leiter. Matte^on, McCartj, Killian Miller, Milhvard,
Moore, Morgan. Morrill, Mott, TMutray, Noiton, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Pennnurton. Perry. Pettit,
Pike, Pnngle, Purviance. Ritchie. Robbing llobcits. Sabin,
Sapp, Sherman, Simmons. Spmnei, Stanton, Snanahan,
Tappan, Thurston, Todd, Trafton. Wade, VValbndffe. Cad-
waladci 0. Waslibuuie. Elhlm B. \Ya^hbuine, Israel Was-h-
buin, Wat>on. Wood, Woudiull'. and Woodwoith—90.
\t.\YS — j\Ie>,srs. Aiken. II'Tidb-v S. Bennett. Bowie,
Branch. Cadwalader,Ca^kie,Chnguiau, Williamson 11. W.
Cobb. Crawloul, /Ienry Winter J)avj««. Dowdell, Edmund-
son, Elliott, Encli-h, Eu.stis, Floicnce, Foster, Goode.
Muilm, Smith Miller. Millbon, Phelps, Powell, (iuitman, !
Richardson, Rivers, Ruifin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Sew-
ard. Shorter, William Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Taylor, j
Tyson, Underwood, Warner, Watkms, Williams, Window,
Daniel B. Wught, John V. Wright, and Zollieotler—58.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. SNEED stated that Mr. Reade was absent
from the House in consequence of indisposition.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
Add to the clause for defraying the expenses of the Su-
preme Court, &c., the following:
Provided, however, That no part of the money hereby
appiopnated shall be expended lorprosecuting or detaining
any person or persons charged w.nh treason, or any oilier
political offense in the Territoiy of Kansas.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 82, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Hall, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Ben&on, Bilhnghuist, Bht*, Brad-
shaw, JBrenton, Buffinton, James H. Camphell, Chatfee,
Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Crnmn,
Cum back, Damrell, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dunn, Emtio,
Flagler, Ciddings, Granger, Giow, Harlan, Hickman, Hol-
lovvay, Valentine B. Horton, Hughston, Kelsey, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Kunkel, Matteson, MeCarty,
Killian Miller, MUlward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Muiray,
Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce, Pelton, Penning-
ton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Purviance, Ritchie, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Sabin, Sapp, Simmons, Spmner, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan, Thuiston, Todd,Tiafton, Wade, Wal-
brulge, Cadwalader C. Washhurne, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Isiael Washburn, Watson, Wood, and Woodworth—8*2.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Hendley S. Bennett, Bishop,
Bowie, Branch, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Carlile, Caruthers, Caskte, Chnjjman, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Crawfoul, Henry Winter Davis, Dowdell, Edmund-
son, English, Florence, Foster, Goode, Greenwood, Thomas
L. llam-i, Haven, Houston, George W. Jones J. Glariey
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letchci, Lumpkin, lliun-
pbruy Maibliall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell. McMulhn,
Smith Miller, Millson, Phelps, Powell, (iuitman, llichard-
son, Rivers, Rutlin, Rust, Sanduljie, Seward, Shorter. Wil-
liam Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Taylor, Tyson, Undetwood,
Warner, Watkms, William^, Winslovv,Daniel B. Wnglit,
John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—60.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CL1NGMAIS stated that Mr. Eustis and
Mr. Sherman had paired off.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS demanded the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered. '
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmativp—yeas 84, nays Go; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Benson,Billmghmst, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshavv, Bien-
ton, Buttmton, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chaffee, Ezra Clavk, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode,
Cragtn, Cumback, Damrell, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Emrie,
Flagler, Giddmgs, Grangei, Grow, Ilailan, Hickman, Hol-
lovvay, Valentine B. iloiton, Ilugbston, KeUey, Kmc,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Kunkel, Leiter, Matteson, Me-
Carty, Killian Miller, Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Muriay, Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Paiker, Peaice, Pelton,
l^nnmgton, Periy. Pettit, Pike, Prmgk, Purviance, Ritchie,
Robbins, Robcits. Sabm, Sapp, Simmons, Spmner, Stan-
ton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thurston, Todd. Tiaiton, Tyson,
Wade, Walbndgc, Cadwalader C. Wa-hbunir, Elhliu B.
Washhurne, Isiael Washburn, Watson, Wood,and Wood-
worth—84.
NAY S ~ Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Ilenry Bennett,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bowie, Branch, John P.' Campbell,
Carlile, Caski". Chn<rman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craw-
ford, Hemy Winter Davis, Dowdell, Dunn. Edmund^on,
Elliott, Florence, Fostei, Goode, Greenwood, Thomas L,
Jlairis, Houston, Geoige W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt,
Kuhvell, Letcher, Lumpkm, Humphrey Maishall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Smith Miller, MilKon,
Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Rivers, Ruthn, Rust, Samiidire,
Sewaui, Sliorter, William Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Tay-
lor, Underwood, Warner, Watkms, Wnislow, Daniel 33.
Wught, John V. Wright, and Zoihcoffei~55.
So tlie bill was passed.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CAMPBELL said: 1 desire to say,that
I am very much surprised to find my friends on
the other side of the House disposed to stop the
wheels of Government. I take the bill with all
its enormity. [Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. PHELPS. I am surprised to see my
friends on the gentleman's side of the House
voting for appropriations which at the commence-
ment of the session they denounced as monstrous.
[Cries of '* Order I'M
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to state that I vote
for the bill, although I do not think there are
half enough restrictions attached to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to amend the title of
