340
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 19,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Bowie.
Ho. of Reps.
are the precise questions now before the House. I
On the 12th of February Governor Reeder fi ed
his petition, in which he avers that he is entitled
to the seat as a Delegate from the Temtory of
Kansas, now held by General Whitfield, for the
following reasons: m. ■
First, " That the law under which Mr. Whit-
field's election was held emanated from a legis-
lative body not elected by the qualified voters of
Baid Territory, but imposed on them by the force
of supefior numbers of non-residents."
Secondly, " That the said election law was en-
tirely nugatory and of no effect, because passed
at an illegal and unauthorized place, where no valid
legislation could be had, and was void in itself, and
on its face, as containing provisions in violation
of the act of Congress organizing the said Terri-
°'Fhirdly, " That said pretended election was
not conducted even according to the forms and
mode prescribed by the supposed law which purported
to authorize it." ....
Fourthly, "That many hundreds of illegal
votes were polled at said pretended election by
non-residents and others.'
On the 4th of March, General Whitfield filed lua ,
answer to the said petition, in which he takes issue j
to every averment, both of fact and law, in Reed- j
er's memorial, and proceeds to argue the grounds
on which he claims the right to hold his seat.
In this condition of the case, and upon th«
issues thus joined between the parties to tliis con-
test, the majority of the Committee of Elections
have reported, for the consideration of the House,
the following resolution:
"Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, In the con-
tested-election case from the Territory of Kansas, be, and
are hereby, empowered to send for personsand papers, and
to examine witnesses upon oath or affidavit."
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dcnn] pro-
poses to offer, as an amendment to the report of
the committee, the following resolutions:
" Resolved, That a committee of three of the members of
this House, to be appointed by the Speaker, shall proceed
to inquire into and collect evidence in regard to the troubles
in Kansas generally, and particularly in regard to any fraud
or force attempted or practiced in reference to any of the
elections which have taken place in said Territory, either
under the law organizing said Territory, or uiider any pre-
tended law which may be alleged to have taken effect therein
since. That they shall fully investigate and take proof of all
violent and tumultuous proceedings in said Territory, at any
time since the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act, whether
engaged in by residents of said Territory, or by any person
or persons from elsewhere going into said Territory, and
doing, or encouraging others to do, any act of violence or
public disturbance against the laws of the United States, or
l!ie rights, peace, and safety of the residents of said Ter-
ritory : and for that purpose said committee shall have full
power to send for, and examine and take copies of all such
papers, public records and proceedings as in their judgment
will be useful in the premises; and, also, to send for per-
sons, and examine them on oath, or affirmation, as to mat-
ters within their knowledge, touching the matters of said
investigation ; and said committee, by their chairman, shall
have power to administer all necessary oaths or affirmations
connected with their aforesaid duties. j
" Resolved further, That said committee may hold their
investigations at such places and times as to them may seem
advisable, and that they have leave of absence from the
duties of this Housp until they shall have completed such
investigation. That they be authorized to employ one or
more clerks, and one or more assistant sergeants-at-arms,
to aid them in their investigation; and may administer to
them an oath or affirmation faithfully to perform the duties
assigned to them, respectively, and to keep secret all mat-
ters which may come to their knowledge touching such
investigation as said cmnmittee.shall direct, until the report
of the same shall be submitted to this House; anil said com-
mittee may discharge any such clerk, or assistant scrgeant-
ut-arms, for neglect of duty or disregard of instructions in
the premises, and employ othere, under like regulations.
"Resolved further, That if any person shall in any manner
obstruct or hinder said Committee, Or attempt so to do, in
their said investigation, or shall refuse to attend on said
committee, and to give evidence when summoned for that
purpose, or shall refuse to produce any paper, b6ok, public
record , or proceeding in their possession or control, to said
committee when so required, or shall make any disturbance
where said committee is holding fheir sittings, said commit-
tee may, if they see fit, cause any and every such person to
he arrested by said assistant sergeant-at-anns, and brought :
before this House to be dealt with as for a contempt.
" Resolved farther, That for the purpose of defraying the
expenses of said commission, there be, and hereby is, ap-
propriated the sum of $10,000, to be paid out of the con-
tingent fund of this House.
" Resolvedfurther, That the President of the United States
be, and is hereby, requested to furnish to said committee,
should they be met with any serious opposition by bodies
Of lawless men in the discharge of their duties aforesaid,
such aid, from any military force as may at the time be
convenient to them, as may be necessary to remove such
opposition, and enable said committee without molestation
to proceed with their labors.
" Resolved further, That when said committee shall have
completed said investigation, they report all the evidence
so collected to this House."
The gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Bennett]
offers, as a substitute for the whole, the following
resolution:
"Resolved, That Joseph H. Bradley and SidneyS. Baxter,
Esqs., of the city of Washington, be, and they are hereby,
appointed commissioners for and on behalf of this House,
to take depositions tind obtain process by taking copies of
all such documents as may be desired by either party, or
their agents or attorneys, in regard to the contested seat of
Hon. Mr. Whitfield, as Delegate for Kansas, under the peti-
tion of Hon. Mr. Reeder; that said Bradley and Baxter be,
and they are hereby, clothed with full power to adopt all
needful means to elicit clear and full proof upon all points
which the parties respectively may submit to them as facts
tliey, or either of them, desire to establish or controvert;
that they shall give to the parties respectively written and
reasonable notice of the time and place at which they will
be ready to proceed in taking such depositions, and may
adjourn the same to other times and places as, in their judg-
ment and discretion, will tend to the full and perfect elicit-
ing of the truth touching all such controverted matters; and
that, when they shall have completed their labors, they
report the same to this House."
It will thus be seen, that the only questions
which now arise in this stage of the controversy
are questions touching the admissibility of evi-
dence. The resolution of the majority of the
Committee of Elections, fts well as those offered
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,]
propose to invest the committee with unlimited
power to investigate and report to this House,
all and every description of testimony, whether
written or parol, which may relate to any sup-
posed disturbances of the public peace or other
riotous proceedings which may have taken place
in the Territory of Kansas within the last
eighteen' months, or since its first organization as
a Territory under the aot of Congress of the last
session. The resolution of the gentleman from
Mississippi, [Mr. Bennett,] on the other hand,
proposes that the evidence to be reported to this
House', in whateverform or mode it may be taken,
shall be limited strictly to the issues joined on
the petition and answer, be confined to the period
of the elections under which the parties respect-
ively claim their seats, and shall relate only to
questions connected with the constitutional power
of this House " to judge of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of its own members."
Mr. Speaker, these are questions of law purely,
and I Shall proceed to discuss them as such, ac-
cording to those well-known and familiar princi-
ples which govern the courts, both common law
and equity, in their administration of justice. I
know, sir, it has been said that this House is not
a judicial body, and possesses no judicial power;
that it is a political body only, and as such, we
are left to infer, cart form any judgment it may
please, upon this or any other subject, which an
enlightened discretion may suggest. But, sir, if
this were even so, looking to the exercise of its
political power only, possessed, as it is, of legis-
lative functions, as a coordinate branch Of the
Government, it would be difficult to prescribe any
other rule of action for its guidance than one
founded upon those principles of reason and jus-
tice which lie at the oasis of all sound, deliberate
legislation. If the House'is now called upon to
exercise a political power only, and not a judicial
one, I trust it will nevertheless feel itsetf bound
to follow those rules of interpretation, those prin-
ciples of sound logic and just legal construction
which conduce to the establishment of truth and
justice, and to the entire overthrow of a wild,
fanatical, or partisan discretion. I cannot, how-
ever, sir, yield to any such doctrine. This House
is hot now sitting in either its political or legisla-
tive capacity, it is sitting, pro'hoc vice, purely as
a judicial tribunal.
By article one, section five, of the Constitution
of the United States, it is declared that " each
House shall be the judge of the elections, returns,
•and qualifications of its own members." By this
1 understand judicial power, not only to be 'ex-
pressly delegated, but also its extent to be limited
and defined. The nature of the power conferred^
as well as the subjects over which it is to be exer-
cised, are clearly enumerated, and set forth, to
wit: the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
own members." The power here conferred is ju-
dicial, as contradistinguished from legislative
Crer. The legislative power over these subjects
already been provided for in tha Constitution
itself. By the second section of article first of the
Constitution, the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives are to be " chosen every second year
by the people of the several States, and the elect ors
in each State shall have the qualifications requisite
for electors of the most numerous branch of the
State Legislature." And again, by the same
section :
" No person shall be a Representative who shall not have
attained the age of twenty-five years, and have been seven
years a citizen of the United States, and who shall not,
when elected, be an inhabitant of that State in which he
shall be cliosen."
And then again, by section four, same article:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elections for
Senators and Representatives shall be prescribed in each
State by the Legislature thereof."
Now, sir, these provisions of the Constitution
clearly show, that, so far as the legislative poiver
is concerned over questions connected with " the
elections, returns, and qualifications" of the raem-
bersof this House,itis providedforin the Consti-
tution itself. The times, places, andmanner of hold-
ing the elections; the qualifications of members as
to age, citizenship, and residence, as well as the like
qualifications of the electors themselves, in the
several States, are all specifically enumerated and
clearly defined. They are all rightful subjects of
legislative power, and cannot in any just sense be
called judicial powers. But, sir, when we come
to inquire into the manner in which these legisla-
tive powers have been exercised by the several
States, the question assumes a very different
aspect. How far the elections have actually been
held by the several States, according to the pro-
visions of the Constitution, which authorize them
to prescribe the times, places, and manner of
holding elections; whether the constitutional qual-
ification of the candidates themselves, or of the
electors in each State, have been in any way en-
larged or abridged; or whether the returns of the
polls have been made in conformity with the laws
regulating that subject in the several States, are
all questions purely of a judicial character. They
involve considerations belonging to the ascertain-
ment of facts, and to the construction of laws
already passed. They look to the ad judication of
rights already vested, and to the remedy of wrongs
already prohibited.
And tnis, sir, is precisely the character of the
power which is confided to this House by the fifth
section of article first of the Constitution, already
referred to. We are to judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of our own members;
to ascertain who are constitutionally and legally
elected; to examine record and parol testimony;
and, by a proper application of those legal prin-
ciples which relate to the admissibility of evidence,
and the construction of statutes, to decide every
case of a contested election according to the facts
and circumstances which surround it. This power
itself is strictly of a judicial nature and contains
none of the elements of politcal or legislative
authority.
Governor Reeder presents himself before this
House in a two-fold capacity. He claims, in his
memorial, to be entitled to the seat now occupied
by General Whitfield, first, in his own right; and
secondly, whether so entitled or not, he claims
to appear, on behalf of the qualified voters of the
Territory of Kansas, to contest the validity of
General Whitfield's election, and to vacate his
seat. In regard to the first character assumed by
him, I am happy to understand, from the remarks
of the distinguished chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary, [Mr. Simmons,] that this por-
tion of his memorial is to be abandoned. The
learned gentleman holds that Governor Reeder
cannot, for a moment, be regarded in the light of
a contestant in his own right, before this House.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I do not understand that
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Simmons]
gave the opinion which the gentleman states; I
understand he failed to express an opinion on the
subject.
Mr. BOWIE. The gentleman from New York
did announce, emphatically, that in his opinion
Reeder had no standing before this House as a
contestant, claiming a right for and in behalf of
himself. He then went on to argue the case, as
I shall, that Reeder, as the representative of the
people of Kansas, had a right to be heard before
this House. 1 concede that right; I do not in the
