850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
one for the improvement of the river St. Clair,
and the other for the improvement of the St.
Mary 5s river. I at first designed, on introducing
those bills, to ask that they should be referred to
the Committee on Commerce; but on further
reflection, considering that these bills had been
before Congress at the last session, that they had
been reported on favorably, and that they had
passed by large majorities in both Houses, Thave
come to the conclusion that, it would be useless
to refer them. In this opinion I think the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce concurs
with me. I now ask leave to introduce the bills,
and to have them read twice, so as to take their
place on the Calendar.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S. No.
2) making an appropriation for deepening the
channel over the St. Clair flats, in the State of
Michigan; which was readtwicc by its title, and
placed on the Calendar.
Leave was also granted to Mr. Cars, in pur-
suance of previous notice, to introduce a bill (S.
No. 3) making an appropriation for deepening the
channel over the flats of the St. Mary's river, in
the State of Michigan; which was read twice by
its title, and ordered to be placed on the Calen-
dar.
Mr. BUTLER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 4) in relation to punishment in the peni-
tentiary; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr BROWN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 5) to settle certain accounts between the
United States and the State of Mississippi; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, m pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 6) making a grant of land to the State
of Iowa in alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in snid Stnte; which
was read by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. FISH, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 7) to remit or refund duties upon goods,
wares, and merchandise destroyed by fire; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. FISH. I move that the bill be refened to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WELLER. I wish to ask the Senator
from New York whether the bill is a general
one?
Mr. FISH. It is the same bill which passed
the Senate unanimously, or very nearly so, I be-
lieve, at the last session.
Mr. WELLER. Is it general with regard to
locality?
Mr. FISH. Yes, sir.
The bill was lefcrred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. ADAMS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 8) to amend the naturalization laws; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 9) to extend the western boundary
line of the State of Iowa to the Missouri river;
which was lead twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WRIGHT, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 10) to continue the improvements in
the harbor of Newark, New Jersey; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SLIDELL, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. ] 1) granting to the State of Louisiana
the ri^ht of way for a railroad from Algiers, on
the Mississippi river, to the Sabine river; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. fcLIDELL, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 12) granting to the State of Louisiana
the right of way, and for the purpose of locating
a railroad from Shreveport to the Mississippi
river; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEIDELL, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 13) to remove obstructions in the
mouths of the Mississippi river, at the South-
west Pass and Pass a 1'Outre; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. SLIDELL. Acting upon the suggestior
made by the honorable Senator from Michigan
as this is a bill which was passed by the Senate
at its last session, I think it is unnecessary to
refer it to the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will go on the
Calendar.
Mr. SLIDELL, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill ($. No. 14) relating to pilotage; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. SLIDELL. This bill passed the Senate
at the last session, when it was unanimously re-
ported by the Committee on Commerce. I think
it unnecessary to refer it to the committee again.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 15) explanatory and amendatory of the act
" in addition to certain acts granting bounty land
to certain officers and soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States," approved March 3,1855; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 16) for the construction of suitable buildings
for the accommodation of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, and the several offices
connected therewith, and of the post offices, at
Rutland and Windsor, Vermont; which was read
twicc by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the judiciary.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 17) making an appropriation for the contin-
ue) lion and completion of the breakwater in the
harbor of Burlington, on Lake Channplam; which
was read twicc by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FOOT, in puisuancc of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 18) granting bounty land to Robecca Free-
man; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. FOOT. T move that the bill be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLAY. I would suggest to the Senator
whether it is not better that it should be referred
to the Committee on Pensions. It is a subject
which is placed under the administration of the
Pension Bureau, and hence I think, in order to
preserve the haimony of our action on this sub-
ject, it would perhaps be more appropriate to
refer the subject to the Committee on Pensions.
I have no personal feeling about the matter what-
ever.
Mr. FOOT. I submit to the honorable Sena-
tor from Alabama that the practice of the Senate
has been, so far as it is within my recollection, to
send all bills and petitions praying for bounty
land to the Committee on Public Lands, and not
to the Committee on Pensions. I have no pref-
erence1 between the two committees. I have
pursued the piactice as I have understood it here-
tofore m reference to bills of this character.
The PRESIDENT. Docs the Senator from
Alabama make that motion?
Mr. CLAY. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT. Then the bill will he re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 1) for the presentation of a
sword to Colonel Benjamin S. Roberts; which
was lead twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD, m pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 19) for continuing the improvement of
the harbor of Buffalo, New York, on Lake Erie;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to intmduce a bill
(S. No. 20) for continuing the improvement of
the harbor of Dunkirk, New York, on Lake Erie;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 21) for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Oswego, New York, on Lake Ontario;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 22) for continuing the improvement of
the harbor at the mouth of Oak Orchard creek,
New York, on Lake Ontario: which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 23) for continuing the improvement of
the harbor of Sodus bay, Cayuga county, New
York, on Lake Ontario; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 24) for continuing the improvement
of theliarborof Sodus bay, Wayne county, New
York, on Lake Ontario; which was read twice
byits title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SEWARD, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 25) making an appropriation for a
steam-dredge on Lake Ontario; which was read
, twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. WADE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 26) to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Conneaut, Ohio; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WADE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 27) to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Huron, Ohio; which was read twice byits
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WADE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asfced and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 28) to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Ashtabula, Ohio; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WADE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
' No. 29) to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Sandupky City, Ohio; which was read
1 twice by its title,'and referred to the Committee
on Commerce
M®. WADE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 30) to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Cleveland, Ohio; which was read twice bv
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. WADE, in pursuance of previous notice,
i asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
| No. 31) to continue the improvement of the har-
! bor of Fairport, Ohio; which was read twice by
, its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
! meree.
| Mr. WADE, in pursuance of previous notice,
: asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill (S.
j No. 32) to continue the improvement of the har-
! bor at the mouth of Black river, Ohio; which
was read twice, by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
PROCEEDINGS OF THE NAVAL BOARD-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the Senate
now to take up a resolution which I offered about
six weeks ago—a resolution of inquiry as to the
proceedings of the naval board. 1 need not say
to the Senate that I think we. may be doing in-
justice to the board, when it is not our purpose
or intention to do so. I ask that the resolution
may be taken up and acted upon. I hope it will
| lead to no debate. I see no necessity for a debate
j upon it, as it is a simple question of inquiry.
| "When the resolution shall be taken up, I shall pro-
! pose to amend it so as to accord with the views
i of some gentlemen who do not concur with mo
I in opinion. As I am disposed to be a compromise
; man, I will offer an amendment in lieu of the
i resolution.
