1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
851
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the resolution will
not be taken up now. I desire to give notice of
a bill, and I wish to offer a resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator can
present them after the resolution shall be disposed
of.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. CLAY. I hope the motion will not pre-
vail. 1 do not think that the resolution can be
adopted without some discussion. I shall feel
bound to oppose its adoption, unless the form of
it be greatly changed. I trust the Senator from
Tennessee will allow it to lie over until to-mor-
row morning, and then I will aid him in calling it
up. The hour is now late, and I hope we shall
soon adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I certainly feel
disposed to accord whatever I can to my friend
from Alabama, but you will remember, Mr. Pres-
ident, that at a very early period of the session I
offered this resolution. I am advised that at
least one honorable member of the retiring board
desires to have an opportunity of being heard in
vindication of himself. I do not see how we are
to reach it in any other way." I do not intend, so
farasl am concerned, to assail the board unjustly.
I desire that they shall have every opportunity in
the world of vindicating themselves. This reso-
lution has already been made the special order
once or twice, I think; I have yielded to one gen-
tleman after another; and now I will yield to my
friend from Alabama, if the Senate will agree to
take up the resolution to-morrow and dispose of
it. I think it is important to have it acted upon;
justice to the board and to the country requires
that.
Mr. MASON. I understood that the Senator
from Vermont, who had the floor for this morn-
ing, yielded it with the understanding that it
voula be assigned to him to-morrow.
Mr. CLAY. At one o'clock; but this resolu-
tion can be taken up before that hour.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think
there can be any difficulty about my resolution.
If the Senator from Alabama will allow the amend-
ment, which I propose to offer, to be read, I think
he will find no objection to it.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
taking up the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The amendment
which I design to offer is in accordance with the
suggestion of some gentlemen on the other side.
It is to strike out all of the original resolution
after the word " Resolvedand to insert:
That tlie Secretary of tiie Navy be duectcd to communi-
cate to the Senate a copy of tile repoit made to hi? llepait-
ment by the board of naval officers convened at Was-lung-
ton, in pursuance of an act approved Febiuary 28, 1855, en-
titled " An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy," and
of the recoid, journal, or other papers accompanying said
report; or, in the absence of such papers, that he further
inform the Senate whether tiie causes for which officers of
the Navy wore reeoinmended by that board to be dismissed
or retited accompanied that report, or were otherwise made
known in writing to the Department, and, if so, that he
communicate to the Senate a copy of the same.
The motion of Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, was
agreed to; and the Senate resumed the consider-
ation of the resolution, submitted by him on the
19th of December last.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now offer the
amendment which I have stated, in lieu of the
original proposition.
The amendment was agreed to, and the ques-
tion recurred on the resolution as amended.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution to carry out the method
that I indicated this morning, in which I suppose
the corrections that are necessary may bo made
consistently with reserving all the action of the
board which may meet witn the approbation of
the Senate. My amendment is to add:
Resolved, That the Secietaiy of the Navy be directed to
report to the Senate the names of such officers as lie may
flunk were, by cii oi oi mis.uke of the late Navy board, and
Ml consequence of their finding, unpropfily removed from
active seivice, or diopped fioni the Navy list, including all
such cs, upon subsequent inquiry and mfoimation, he may
thmk ought to be restoied to their former places and rank.
Mr. MASON. I wish to suggest to the hon-
orable gentleman who moves the amendment,
that it seems to me, £or the present at least, to be
premature. In the view which I have taken of
this whole question—and which I am entirety
ready to surrender if X find at any time that I am
wrong—when the Senate comes to act upon it, I
think it will be found, that to require of the Sec-
retary of the Navy to report the names of such
as lie thinks should be restored, or, if it should
be recommended to us by the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, or by the Secretary of the Navy, to
have even a revisory board upon all those who
have been disrated, it will do injustice and leave
a cloud still over these men, because it will be
taken tha.t prima facie to all of them, there was
reason for the action of the board. I think it
will be better to let us get from the Department
such information as accompanied the action of
the board, if any did accompany it, and then to
determine, as we shall probably have to determ-
ine, in executive session, what will be the ulti-
mate action of the Senate, if any, upon the w^ole
subject.
I think it would be as well, for the present, not
to adopt the form of amendment suggested by the
Senator from Kentucky. I will say to him that
I go with him, as I am at present advised, in a
very strong impression that no remedy can be
applied for this wrong—and I speak of the wrong
as originating in legislation—I speak of it as a
vice in the original law—but to undo what we
have done, and to do the whole work over again.
That is my impression.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am not at all obsti-
nate in this matter. It seemed to me that it was
necessary for us to get along in some mode or
other in this business, and I supposed the Secre-
tary could have no hesitation in making a report
of any names that he thought were entitled to
restoration; but I will not press the amendment
if the gentleman does not desire it.
Mr. MASON. I think it would be better to
withdraw it. If we were to adopt it, it would
have the effect of excepting those names, and
those only, which the Secretary may think ought
to be replaced. It is impossible that he could
have information upon so enlarged a subject in
time to make a report. It may be that meritorious
names would not be presented; and the very fact
of their not being presented would leave them
under a cloud.
Mr. SEWARD. What is the effect of the
amendment ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Simply to call on the
Secretary of the Navy for a list of the names of
any officers who have been removed from active
service who, in his judgment, are entitled to res-
toration.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Kentucky withdraw his amendment?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to the resolution as amended.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I present my amend-
ment as an original resolution, and it can be
called up whenever it is thought proper.
Mr. MALLORY. I cannot vote for the reso-^
lutionof the gentleman from Tennessee, nor shall
I oppose it. 1 happen to know that the Secretary
of the Navy has no information upon the subject
"within his control, which he has not already com-
municated to the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It may be true—
I have no doubt it is true, as suggested by the
Senator from Florida—that there was no report;
but I have no right to know that as a Senator. Isub-
mit to the honorable Senator if it is not courteous
and respectful to the board and to the Department,
before we enter into an investigation of their ac-
tion, to inquire into the facts and testimony—to
givethem an opportunity of beingheard? Indeed,
1 think it is very probable that the Senator ought
to know, and doubtless he does know, that there
was no record; but we, as an American Senate,
have no right to know it. It is a question of jus-
tice to the Department and to the board to call
for this information, because, I repeat, I have
understood—though 1 do not vouch for its cor-
rectness—that one member of the board desires
to have some action, on the part of the Senate,
by which ho may be enabled to vindicate himself
from the aspersions that have been cast on him
here. I wish to §rve them a fair chance. If
there is no rccord; if there are no papers; if there
is no testimony, the Secretary of the "Navy can
say so, and the resolution will have done no
harm to anybody. It is respectful to ask them
if they have any such testimony, in order that it
may come to the Senate, and go to the investiga-
ting committee, that they may render such a
report as will be compatible with justice and fair-
ness to all concerned. That is the motive which
I have; I have no other.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I happen to \
know the law did not contemplate, or rather did \
not provide for a record. The l-esolution proceeds I
upon the assumption that a record was required, f
I do not say records were not kept. I have no i
doubt every officer on the board kept a distinct |
rccord, which was his own, and he probably never I
submitted it to the Department. I will say to the '
Senator from Tennessee, that the Navy Depart-
ment has communicated to the Senate already
everything on the subject within its control, if
the Senator seeks an opportunity to afford a gal-
lant officer the means to exonerate himself, he
should not, it appears to me, seek it through this
channel; because for that purpose the Secretary
of the Navy has no control over it. I have heard
nothing charged against any member of the board
which the good sense of this body did not correct
at once. I do not think that any member of the
board stands in need of exoneration. They acted ']
from a high sense of duty, and under the impera- .
tive dictates of a law of Congress which they were ^
not at liberty to decline to act under. Whether
any member of the board seeks exoneration, I do
not know. If he takes offense at what has been
charged against him, the press is open to him,
and he can defend himself; but I do not see how
you can afford an individual member of the board
the means of coming before this body with an
exoneration of his course by calling on the Sec-
retary of the Navy for a record which is confess-
edly not within his control. '' """ * *
~Mr?CLAYTON. Mr. President, the more I
observe the course of proceeding in this body on
this subject, the more I am convinced of the ne-
cessity of our recurring to the fundamental prin-
ciples on which this Government was organized,
to the relative powers of the legislative and exec-
utive departments of the Government, as defined
by the Constitution.
Sir, the power of removal is exclusively an
executive power. It is a power over which neither
the Senate nor the House of Representatives, nor
both Houses, have any control. The fathers of
the Republic decided, in the year 1789, that the
power of removal was an executive power, and
derived it mainly by implication from that clause
in the Constitution of the United States which
directs that the President shall see that the laws
are faithfully executed. All the error that has
grown up on this subject has arisen from our
attempting, as a branch of the Legislature, to con-
trol and regulate the powerof removal, with which
wc have nothing to do.
This whole subject was debated shortly after I
came into the Senate, in the year 1829. It was
debated for many months together in this Cham-
ber, whether we, as a Senate, could not in some
manner regulate the power of removal which the
President of the United States, then President
Jackson, exercised upon a scale never known be-
fore. We tried resolutions to inquire into the
causes of removal, resolutions denunciatory of
the exercise of the power, and, after all, in what
did it terminate? In nothing but a declaration on
the part of the Senate, that the President had
abused this power; but we did not venture to
contend, we could not contend, that the President
had not the power which he had exercised.
The law under which this board was organized
was -somewhat anomalous I admit; but it grew
up in consequence of an extraordinary state of
things in the Navy represented from every quarter
as existing to an alarming extent. Wc all be- *
licvcd—because we were told by officers of the ,
Navy themselves—wc were instructed by all in :
authority here who could give us information,
that the Navy required reformation; and wc re-
sorted to the extraordinary measure of passing ft
law directing the organization of tiie Navy board
which has made this report. Did any nun who
voted for this law—and I believe all m the Senate ' „
Chamber except two drd vote for it—suppose that,
by doing so, he was controlling, regulating, or
circumscribing within limits not known to the
Constitution, the power of the President to remove
naval officers? The Chief Magistrate had the '
same power to remove naval officers that he had •
to remove the hundreds and thousands of civil
officers who have been removed within the last
twenty-seven years.
