J 956.}
m?m>m tq mn cwGRfissioNAt globe,
34*
34th Cong..,. 1st Sess.
Kamut Qonte&ted Election—Mr. Bowie.
Ho. or Reps.
least controvert it. And here, sir, permit me to
say, I rejoice that the distinguished chairman of
the Judiciary Committee announced to this House
his opinion that Mr. Reeder had no rights here as
a contestant in his own behalf. It will relieve
litis House of a great deal of difficulty in determ-
ining the controversy before us, and will narrow
down the questions to be discussed to smaller and
mi ore limited points.
I am glad that the friends of Governor Reeder
do not design to place him here as a contestant in
his own behalf, for the seat of Delegate from the
Territory of Kansas. I am glad that the an-
nouncement came from so high and distinguished
a source as the head of the Judiciary Committee.
It will, no doubt, relieve the anxieties of many
gentlemen who have been told that Whitfield was
to be unseated, and Reeder substituted in his stead.
Such a design, I know, has been attributed to
some of the friends of Governor Reeder on this
•floor; but I cannot bring myself to believe that
there is, in or out of this House, a solitary indi-
vidual, who loves the Constitution and laws of nis
-country, who is prepared to take so revolutionary
a step. I trust the speech of the gentleman from
-New York will quiet all excited apprehensions on
that subject. Sir, I listened to the speech of the
honorable gentleman with a great deal of atten-
tion and satisfaction. I have never heard any-
thing fall from that gentleman which did not
indicate an informed and thinking mind. I agree
with him that it is the right of the people of Kan-
sas, or of any other Territory or State, to demand
■that this House shall purge itself of illegitimate
members; and for that purpose they may petition
this House, either of their own accord, or by
-representative agents, to inquire into the claims
of the sitting member.
This, sir, is notaperaonal, buta political right,
belonging to the people of all the States and Ter-
ritories, and has been over and over again sanc-
tioaed by the decisions of this House. The
book of contested elections in Congress, to which
the gentleman so often referred, is full of cases of
-this kind. There can be no doubt, then, tfrat,
although Reeder himself may have no right to a
seat, lie has still the right, as the agent of the
people of Kansas, by a respectful petition, to pre-
set himself to this House, and, if he can show
that the sitting member has no claimp to the seat,
to ask for, and it would be the duty of this House
to grant, an investigation of the subject.
Now, Mr. Speaker, while I am willing to con-
cede this point in the gentleman's argument, the
question still presents itself, by what rules of law
. are we to be controlled in conducting such an in-
vestigation ? Are we to be bound by those rules
of evidence which govern courts of justice in their
general practice, or are we to invoke a reckless
. And arbitrary discretion, which knows no limits
and ^riU be bound by no restraints ? Sir, sitting
here, as I conceive myself to be, in the capacity
of a judge, I never can consent to permit myself
to be influenced or controlled by any other course
of action than such as springs from a reverence
for those immemorial and time-honored precepts
of the common law, which have given to reason
all its power, and to truth itself the only test of
iO own verity. Sir, in the discussion and de-
termination of these questions, which I have
fdiown to be judicial questions, growing out of an
express constitutional grant of judicial power, we
are bound to be guided by the principles and rules
of judicial tribunals. We are bound to yield to
the force of precedents, and to the general spirit
of those rules of evidence which obtain in all our
courts of justice.
And what are the principles of law which gov-
ern courts of justice in cases analogous to the one
* now before us? I shall refer at present to but
two of those principles, because their application
to the case before us is, in my judgment, so direct
that I cannot see how gentlemen on the other side
can evade the force of them in determining the
questions before the House. The first is, that
evidence ought not to be permitted of any fact not
substantially averred in the plaintiff's declaration
or bill; and the second is, that no evidence of an
immaterial averment will be allowed at the hearing
of a cause.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these are well known and
familiar rules of evidence, which have always
prevailed in our courts, both of law and equity.
They are so familiar to the professional gentlemen
of this House that I am sure I need not weary
your patience by referring to authorities to sus-
tain tnera. These principles, sir, have been
adopted, not only by courts of law and equity, but
they have been repeatedly recognized by this
House, in cases of contested elections, as the
aergrounds on which all such questions should
scided. I beg leave to call the attention of
the House on this point to the case of Michatl
Leib, of Pennsylvania, to be found in the volume
of Contested Elections in Congress, page 165. That
was the case of apetition signed by John Douglass,
as the chairman of a committee of sundry electors of
the first congressional district, praying the House
to appoint a commission, &c., for the purpose of
investigating the election of Michael Leib, re-
turned as a member, &c., and if the same were
found illegal, that a new election might be granted.
The Committee of Elections made the following
report on that petition:
" A petition against the election of any person returned
as a member of the House of Representatives ought to state
the ground on which the election is contested with such
certainty as to give reasonable notice thereof to the sitting
member, and to enable the House to judge whether the
same be verified by Ihe proof; aud, if proved, whether it he
sufficient to vacate the seat; and the petitioner ought not to be
permitted to give evidence of any fact not substantially
alleged in hit petition."
This report was adopted by a unanimous vote
of the House of Representatives, and the peti-
tioner had leave to withdraw his petition ana the
accompanying papers.
The same rule exists, also, in the British House
of Commons. See the note in the above case,
page 165, where it is said:
" In the British House of Commons, where the contest
depends upon the legality of the votes given, a list of the
voters excepted to must 1 e left with the Clerk of the House
a certain ."number of days before the consideration of the
petition; and. the evidence is to be confined to the objections
particularized in those Hsts."
The same general principle is laid down in
the case of the petition of John Luttrel vs. Sir
Abraham Hume and William Joliffe, Esqs., in
Parliament. (Douglass's Election Cases, vol. iv.,
case 25.) In the report of that case I find the fol-
lowing:
" October 31st, 1775, petition presented, setting forth that
at the last election of members to serve in Parliament for
the borough of Peterefield, Sir Abraham Hume, Baronet,
high sheriff for the county of Hereford, William Joliffe,
Esq,, and the petitioner, were candidates,and that the two
former were returned as being duly elected: and the peti-
tioner goes on to charge that this election was brought about
by bribery and corruption, be.; paid prays relief to the
petitioner.
"The counsel for the petitioner insisted that Hume, being
high sheriff, was ineligible.
" The counsel for the sitting member denied that It was
competent for the other side to go into the question of the
supposed ineligibility of Sir Abraham Hume, as sheriif of
Hereford,' became there was no express allegation or com-
plaint on that subject in the petition. '
" The words,' high sheriff for the county of Hertford,' it
was said, appeared in the petition as an addition or descrip-
tio persona, and did not import an allegation that, because
he was sheriff, he was therefore ineligible.
" On consideration by the committee, it was
"Resolved, That the counsel be not permitted to argue the
ineligibility of Sir Abraham Hume, as high sheriff of the
county ot Hereford, the same ineligibility not being an allega-
tion in the petition,"
So, also, in a still later case, to be found in the
same book. (Douglass's Election Cases, vol. 4, p.
146.) The Committee of Elections in Parliament
"Resolved, That the evidence proposed to be given cannot
be gone into, the matter not being alleged in the petition."
And indeed, sir, I could cite case after case, all
foing to establish the same general proposition,
ut I am sure it cannot be necessary. The prin-
ciple is too well settled to admit of a moment's
doubt. Let us, then, make the application of it
to the case now before thia House.
What is the evidence sought to be brought
here, by the majority report, and by the resolu-
tions of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn?]
And what are the averments contained in the
petition of Reeder, under which it is proposed to
introduce such evidence ?
We are called upon to send a committee to
Kansas, with instructions to inquire, generally,
into the manner in which all elections have been
conducted in that Territory, since its first organ-
ization to the present time. Whether there has
been an armed invasion of said Territory, at any
of jsaid elections, or at other times, by citizens
of any other State, with the view and for the
purpose of carrying said elections by force of
arms. And more particularly, whether citizens
of the neighboring State of Missouri have not,
in large numbers, and under military organiza-
tion, with all the deadly implements of war,
marched into said Territory at sundry times and
driven from the polls the qualified voters of the
said Territory.
Now, sir, I ask are there any averments in
Reeder's memorial under which any such evi-
dence can properly be introduced, even if true?
Is there any allegation that Whitfield was elected
by the violence of a Missouri mob ? Is there any
averment that c 1 th • day when Whitfield was
elected, or at any other time, the ballot-boxes
were seized, that bowie-knives were used, that
artillery was brought into requisition, and that by
such means the qualified voters of Kansas were
driven from the polls and prevented from voting?
Are there any such averments from the beginning
to the end or this memorial ? Does Reeder aver
that any of these violent proceedings took place,
which gentlemen upon the other side are so anx-
ious to bring out in the form of testimony , through
the instrumentality of a committee of this House,
to be spread before the people of the country for
no other purpose, that I can see, than to produce
increased excitement on a subject already agitated
to a dangerous extreme? Sir, I find no such
averments in his memorial; and, as he has failed
or refused to make any such allegations, it is our
duty to exclude from the consideration of this
House all irrelevant testimony of the character
now proposed to be introduced. It is our duty to
holdKeeder to his own case, as stated by him-
self; to allow him to offer proof of no facts not
alleged in his memorial. If he has cpade an im-
material, or omitted to make amaterial averment,
it is his own fault, and we cannot allow him to
incumber the record with inadmissible or una-
vailing proof.
The majority of the committee ask for power
to send for persons and papers, to spread out be-
fore the country evidence of the existence of a
mob, not on the day of the election held on the
first day of last October, when Whitfield wag
elected, but on the 30th of March last, when the
members of the Council and House of Represent-
atives of Kansas Territory were elected. Is there
any averment of violence of that sort, either in
tho election of the 1st of October, or that of the
30th of March ? Why, then, are we to permit the
introduction of testimony in reference to a matter
not charged in this petition ? Governor Reeder,
it is true, filed a paper with the committee on the
22d of February, ten days after the filing of his
petition, in which he sets forth what he expects
to prove in regard to the Missouri mob; but this
statement is denied by Mr. Whitfield, and forms
no part of Reeder's memorial. In the memorial
itself, which was filed on the 12tlr of February,
nothing like drums, artillery, cannon and bowie-
knives are mentioned, oor did they at that time
seem to have entered into Reeder's brain. But,
sir, on the 22d of February—ten days afterwards
—in a paper filed by him with the Committee of
Elections—I suppose after consultation with his
Free-Soil confederates—he then, for the first time,
seems to have entertained the idea that great im-
portance might be attached to these paraphernalia
of war. This paper, however, as I have just said,
is no part of his memorial. It is entitled to no
more weight before this House than a newspaper
paragraph, or any unsupported rumor which may
De floating on thewinds. Sir, this House cannot,
with propriety, look beyond or behind Reeder's
memorial. I shall hold him, and I think this
House should hold him, to the averments charged
in his memorial. Among other things charged in
that memorial, he says, that the law under which
Whitfield's election was held was passed by a
Legislative Assembly imposed upon the qualified
voters of Kansas by the force of superior numbers
of non-residents. Sir, this averment implies no
other kind of force than what may arise from the
power of a mere majority of numbers. It by no
means implies, nor can 1 conceive it was ever in-
tended to imply, that actual violence or physical
force was resorted to in the election of the mem-
bers that composed that Legislature. It is, in
fact, nothing more than an averment, that tha
