1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1951
the bill, by adding the words "and for other :
purposes." |
The amendment was agreed to. i
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the rules |
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself |
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union.
The motion was agreed to. !
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Branch in the chair,) the bill
under consideration being the bill making- appro-
priations for certain civil expenses of the Govern-
ment.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, the
bill was laid aside, and the Navy appropriation
bill taken up ; and then,
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, (at six
o'clock,) the committee took a recess until eight
o'clock, p. m.
EVENTNG SESSION.
The committee resumed its session at eight
o'clock, (Mr. Branch in the chair,) the Navy
appropriation hill being under consideration.
JSpeeches, which will be published in the Appen-
dix, were delivered by Messrs. Gilbert, Reapy,
Trafton, Walkuii, Allison, S. S. Marshall,
Anderson, and Sage.
The committee then rose, and the Chairman
reported progress.
And then, on motion of Mr. A. K. MAR-
SHALL, (at half past ten o'clock,) the House
adjourned until to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN" SENATE.
Wednesday, Jiugust 6, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in obedience to an act of
Congress, information respecting the progress
made in the erection of a marine hospital at New
Orleans, with an estimate of the appropriation
necessary to complete the work; which was read,
and, on motion of Mr. Slidell, referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of War, informing the Senate that rooms
No. 4 and 11. in the basement of the north wmg
of the Capitol extension, are so far finished as to
be available for temporary occupation; winch was
read, laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
On the motion of Mr. Collamlr, the iJir*sident
pro tempore was authorized to appropriate those
rooms to their proper use.
Also, a communication from the President of
the United States, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate calling for information in relation to
any application of the Governor of the State of
California to maintain the laws and peace of that
State against the usurped authority of an organ-
ization calling themselves the Committee of Vigi-
lance in the city and county of San Francisco;
which, on motion of Mr. Pugii, was ordered, to
lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. TOOMBS presented the petition of Wil-
liam Y. Hansel!, William II. Underwood, and
the representatives of Samuel Rockwell, deceased,
praying for compensation for service rendered as
solicitors of the Cherokee nation; which was ie-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a memorial of
citizens of Maine, remonstrating against the
extension of Woodworth's patent for a pinning
machine; winch w;u referred to the Committee
on Patents mid the Patent Otnee.
Mr. FISH. I am requested to present the
memorial of C. H. Sand, president of the Ocean
Steam Navigation Company, praying for a re-
newal of their contract tor carrying the mails
between New York and Bremen, and New Yoik
and Havre. As the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads have reported on the subject, 1
move, at the suggestion of the acting chairman of
that committee, that the memorial he on the table,
and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Mary
F. Bailey, widow of Robert Bailey, praying for
an increase of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MALLOItY presented a petition of citi-
zens of Washington, Districtof Columbia, pray-
ing that the pay of the marine band at head quar-
ters may be increased; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FOSTER presented the petition of James
Worden, formerly a se%ian in the Navy, pray-
ing to be allowed back pay and a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions. #
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 542) to enlarge the rights
and privileges of the Alexandria Canal Company,
and to give the assent of the United States to the
provisions of an act of Assembly of Virginia,
passed March IS, 3856, entitled " An act to amend
the charter of the Alexandria Canal Company,"
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a joint resolution
on the subject, reported a bill (S. No. 433) to
provide for continuing the improvement of the
inland passage between .the St. John's and St.
Mary's rivers, Florida; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
the Post Oifice and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of George H. Giddings, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
432) for the relief of George H. Giddings, con-
tractor for carrying the United States mail on
route No. 12900; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary to whom was refened the bill (S. No. G8)
to build a jail in the town of Van Duren, in the
j State of Arkansas, reported it without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it ought
not to pass.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill (S. No.
77) to require the employment of apprentices m
the commercial marine of the United States; and
it was so ordered.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Oulcred, That the Committee on Commerce be discharged
from riie iiuther consideration of tne petition of Chailes
Ilolmed.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, submitted the following motion; which was
considered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Orders!, That each member of the Senate be hencefonh
supplied with the same number of the Consies^onai Globe
id -A..
phod to the member:
ADDITIONAL CLERK.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 report, from tin; Committee
on Punting, the following resolution. I have
consulted with the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, and he sees the necessity of it:
Ilcsoh cd. Thu one clerk, to be sUb-d the el*ik of printing
leeords, bo';ukk'd to the eoip* of Sen ite cU'iks, who shall
be the kccpoi of the iccorsN of the Committee on rimting,
who ^liail be niKb'r the direction of the said commilf-e
duimg t!ie ^-^Mon of Conner, n.nl oi the Secretaiy of the
Senate rtutmij the varation, and who > ha!l u-eeive ihe tate
ot conipiii-atioi. now allowed to engio&smg and legislative
eieiks of the fcJenate.
There arc millions of dollars expended under
the contract? of that committee and the printing
law, and hitherto scarcely any records have been
kept. They have been kept this session. The
laws in reference to the matter are somewhat
complicated, and these records have a material
bearing) it' regularly and properly kept, 011 the
settlement of "the printer's accounts. It has been
evident, on examination, to the Committee 011
Printing, and it has also been explained to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, that there
should be some check, bv proper records, on these
contracts, and more particuiaily during the vaca-
tion. This is H clerk to be added to the number
of clerks of the Senate, who is to take charge of
that business, and to be under the direction of the
Secretary of the Senate during the vacation, and
of the Committee on Printing during the session.
and Appendix, and at the same pnee per eopj, as was sup-
plied to the members of the Senate for the hist Cc
Mr. HUNTER. I think such, an officer ia
necessary. It is manifest that we ought to have
records as a check 011 the Superintendent.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.*
BRIDGET MAKER.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Indian Affairs, to report back the
bill (H. R. No. 356) for the relief of Bridget
Maher. This subject has heretofore been under
the consideration of the committee, and acted
upon favorably. It is a small compensation of
$290, and is approved by the committees of both
Houses, for an abject heretofore explained. I
hope that it will be acted 011 at once.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill which authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to settle and adjust the claim of Mrs. Bridget
Maher, for boarding certain Cherokee Indians
from North Carolina, disallowed by him on the
19th of July, 1855, and pay to her such sum as
she is in justice entitled to, not to exceed $293.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
TREASON IN KANSAS.
Mr. SEWARD, by unanimous consent, ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
change of venue in certain criminal causes now
depending in the courts of the United States for
the Territory of Kansas; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. EVANS. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims to report back
the House bill [No. 154] entitled an act to pro-
vide for the settlement of the claims of the officers
of the revolutionary army, and the widows and
orphan children of those who died in the service,
and to recommend its passage. I hope the Sen-
ate will indulge me either by taking it up now, or
iixing it for to-morrow motning. My health is
j very feeble, and 1 should like to have this subject
j settled as soon as possible, that I may be able to
j make such disposition of myself as my health
; may require. I ask, therefore, eitherthat it may
be taken up this morning or to-morrow at half
] past twelve o'clock.
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. DoestheSena-
1 tor submit a motion to take up the bill now?
Mr. EVANS. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. That bill must necessarily
occupy a great deal of time in this body. Phat
has been our experience heretofore, and will un-
doubtedly be again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was passed last year
without debate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will notbe taken up.
I wish to be fully heard on that bill. I know
that it passed, as the Senator from Maine says,
sub sileMio, lust year, but that was wrong. It was
so passed, I suppose, because Senators did not
look into it.
Mr. FESSENDEN". It passed on the yeas
and nays bv a large vote.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to be heard on it,
when it comes up again.
j Mr. CLAYTON. 1 am like the Senator from
1 Georgia in this particular. I also desire an op-
! portumty to be heard on that bill, it draws an
; enormous amount from the Treasury, and re-
\ quires a great deal of consideration. I hope it
will not be taken up now.
The PR ESI DENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from South Caro-
! lina,
| Mr. FESSENDEN and Mr. SEWARD called
I for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered,
i Mr. STUART. "Can a bill be taken up on the
same day on which it is reported, if objected to ?
I understand not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
power of a majority of the Senate to take up any
measure reported by a committee.
Mr. STUART. On the same day when it ia
reported r
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. STUART. My impression was, that an
objection on the day of the report being made
was sufficient.
