'852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4.
In attempting to remedy the evil, I undertake
to predict, and I say it with confidence, that any
• legislative remedy you may provide will prove to
be* total:/ inefficient, and for the simple reason,
. tliat the authority to crcatc such a remedy is an
'executive and not a legislative power; and the
power of whose exercise you complain is not
within your control. If evil has been done, it
can be corrected only by the President, for he
> -himself is the only man that has actually done it.
j Your assistance, the little auxiliary aid rendered
:\_hy your bill, was a tnfle. It was a perfect brutum
fiihneii without the action of the President, and
any action you may adopt here will remain so
without his approval. 1 am as anxious as any
, man here to icstore honorable officers, if any
. have been wronged; but I see no way to obtain
redress for those who have been wronged, except
;by application to the President of the United
States.
We hear from all parts'of the Senate Chamber
of efforts to be made to correct an evil which it
is charged was committed—by whom? By the
^Sena'e and the House of Representatives? No, sir.
If evil was done anywhere, it was done by that
high power which can and docs alone exercise
^the right of removal. "With the President, not
with this body, not with the House of Represent-
atives, or both Houses combined, rests the power
of correcting the error or evil, if any has been
committed. I have not chatted that there has
been evil or error. What 1 have maintained is,
that there was no vitality in any part of the logis-
- lativc measure which passed here, undertaking
to create a naval board, without the exercise of
the power given to the President, by the Constitu-
tion itself, and not by that law, or any other act
of Congress.
My honorable friend from Kentucky, [MrT
Crittenden-,] from whom I never differ without
regret, and from whom I never dissent without
great diffidence in my own opinion, thinks the
President was not acting strictly in his executive
capacity in carrying out this law. He thinks he
can draw a distinction between the power cxei-
ciscd by the President under this law and the
general power which the Picsident has under the
Constitution. 1 confess myself unable to per-
ceive the distinction. I maybe m error; but it
does not appear to my judgment that the power,
and the power, under which the President
acted, was derived from the Constitution; that it
was not competent for the .National Legislatinc
to confer on the President any additional power m
that regard, or to limit it, to circumscribe it, to
v-enlarge it, or to change it m any way whatever.
{ The constitutional power stands equally with or
^without the law; and the law cannot "affect it.
; The power under which these officers have been
• removed is nothing more, and can bo noihing
• less, than the power of removal conferred by
" the Constitution. The naval board has not re-
moved a man, and could not remove a man. A
thousand naval boaids could not have removed
officers of the Navy; the whole Congress of the
United States could not have removed an officer
of the Navy; all the officers of the United States
combined, if you take the President fjom among
them, could hod remove a single man in the Navy.
i cannot, therefore, admit the distinction which
the Senator fiorn Kentucky has drawn between
his power under the Constitution and his power
under this law.
I have heard it said, that a lawyer who was
applied to in order to correct an error m giving
an opinion, said he gave that opinion as lawyer
and not as a man; bat the party wronged by "the
opinion replied, " When thedevillhesaway wnh
the lawyer, what will become of the man?" I do
not see how tiie President can possibly claim, or
how any person can claim in his behalf, that he
excreted this power as the supervisorof the board
under the law, and not as the Chief Magistrate
- under the Constitution. I have too sincere a re-
spcctior hi in to believe for a moment that lie
would seek such a subterfuge.
In anol her respect, however, I concur fully with
my friend from Kentucky. I hove never differed
from him m regard to thai point. It is that, if a
wrong can be pointed out. a remedy or an indem-
nity ior the wrong must be found if possible. Wc
"Will iinu it if we have to go up as supplicants to
the President himself, to ask him to do justice.
If he shall, however, refuse all our entreaties, we
shall be perfectly powerless If we go there as a
body, as a Senate, or as a Congress, entreating him
to restore Lieutenant A. or Captain B.to his place
in the Navy,and he shall tell us, " Gentlemen,it
is my business and not yours," we should be
compelled to return and acknowledge that we had
no power over the subject, and that he had not
exceeded his constitutional power in doing what
he had done.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
do not mean to debate the question of power
with the Senator from Delaware. That is not
the question before the Senate, as I understand
it. Nor shall 1 enter into any argument with him
to ascertain whether the President is to blame, if
there be blame, or whether the board is to blame.
That is a question which can only be determined
by the facts and the testimony. He has told the
Senate, time after time—he has iterated and reit-
erated, day after day, that if injustice has been
done, he is anxious to correct that injustice. Now,
sir, how arc we to ascertain whether justi.ee or
injustice has been done except on a presentation
of the facts ? The resolution before us is simply
one of inquiry to know whether justice has been
done or not.
Mr. CLAYTON. I beg my friend from Ten-
nessee to obseive that I did not mean to oppose
his resolution. He is under a misapprehension
in supposing that I opposed it. I am willing to
let it go.
Mr. J ONES, of Tennessee. The Senator says
he docs not mean to oppose the resolution. Then
J utterly protest ag-unst entering into any argu-
ment on this question, as 1 have from the begin-
ning. I have not attempted to argue it; 1 have
simply presented facts.
The Senator from Florida says he has not
heard any imputations on this board. Sir, I
stand as much prepared to vindicate them as to
vindicate others who, in my opinion, are v, routed.
1 can, however, say to the honorable Senator
from Florida, that he did not listen to the debate
with the interest which I did, or he would not
have made the statement to which I allude. I
remember but too well, and you will remember
it, Mr. President, that a gentleman who occupies
a seat near me [Mr. Hale] did make imputa-
tions, strong, cieai , emphatic,and distinct,against
the board; and I have a right to know that apor-
tion of the board felt those imputations.
Mr. M A LLORY. My remark was, that I
heard no imputations against the board which
the oood sense of this body would not imme-
diately c<>: reet.
M i. JONES, of Tennessee. I cannot toll what
the rcood sense of the American Senate will do.
1 have seen them do things winch did not com-
port with my conceptions of good sense. It may
be that the sense of the Senate will repudiate the
imputations which have been made upon this
board, and I trust the record and testimony will
justify them in such a repudiation; but I will not
arrogate to myself the power or authority to say
that the Senate will repudiate the declaration of
• any American Senator hero, unless it be done
upon Uxtimony.
Why oppose this resolution5 It casts no im-
putation on anybody. It simply asks that the
record shall be presented, if there be one; and if
there be no record, then we are to look for such
testimony as will enable us to arrive at just con-
clusions. I express no opinion—I have expressed
none, as to the action of the boaid. 1 have my
convictions on the subject; but I am willing that
they should be heard m their own defense, and
I ask that information may be accorded to us to
enable us to determine for ourselves.
Mr. CLAY. I am opposed to the resolution,
and i shall vote against it for reasons which seem
to me obvious and conclusive of the impropriety
and inutility of its adoption. The resolution im-
plies two things: first, that the law under which
this board way organized and acted, lequired them
to make a report or to keep a journal of their pro-
ceedings; secondjy, that thev did make such a
report. Now, those two things do not exist;
and I think the Senate knows, or ought to know,
that they do not exist; and if they do not, I ask,
why cell for them:
The resolution implies more. It implies a cen-
sure upon the board and upon the Secretary of
the Navy, for it colls for a report, which of course
it implies should hove been made, and who is at
fault if this report has not been made ? If the law
required it, really the board was at fault m not
making it, and the Secretary of the Navy was at
fault in not requiring it.
Sir, I say that the Senate ought to know that
no such report exists. The law under which this
board was organized required them to make no
such report. It simply required that they should
report the names and grade of all officers, who, in
the judgment of the board, should be incapable
of performing promptly and efficiently all their
duty, both ashore and afloat. That, it seems to
me, is susceptible of no other interpretation than
that the board should simply report a list of
names with a certain classification. If they had
done more, it would have been a work of super-
erogation. That that is the true construction of
the law, if the words themselves do not satisfy
every unprejudiced mind, all may be satisfied by
recurring to the debate which occurred at the time
the bill was under the consideration of the Senate.
I did not vote for it, I believe, but J well remember
that, during the progress of that debate, the Sen-
ator from'Delaware [Mr. Bayard,] and the Sen-
ator from Florida, now no longer a member of
this body, [Mr. Morton.] both opposed the bill,
and mSde every objection against its passage
which has been made against xhe action of the
board. It was said at the time that we were con-
structing a Star Chamber; an inquisitorial tribu-
nal; that they were allowed to act upon their own
judgment with >ut preferring a charge, without
hearing the accused, without summoning wit-
nesses; without keeping any record whatever of
their proceedings; and this was not only charged
by the opponents of the bill, but it was conceded
by the advocates of the bill.
Then, sir, I ask, with the terms of the bill
staring us in the face, with the interpretation
given at the time of its passage, both by its friends
and opponents, I ask, with all courtesy to the
gentleman from Tennessee, and to those who may
vote for this resolution, why should the Senate
stultify itself by its adoption? Even if such a
report was in existence, and if we had not the
clearest testimony that it did not exist, I should
be indisposed to vote for the resolution. I will
add furthermore, in confirmation of my construc-
tion of the act, that we have, also, official letters
foim the Secretary of the Navy, the letter of the
Secretary to the board, and the letter of the Sec-
retary to the President, communicating the judg-
ment of the board, in both of which we are ad-
vised that they simply reported a list of names
with the proper classification ; that no charges
were preferred; that no accusation was made, at
least in writing; that no evidence was taken down.
But, sir, 1 say if such a report did exist, 1
should not be willing to vote for this resolution in
its present shape; and why? It calls upon the
Secietary to lay before the Senate, and expose
to the public, all the charges which may exist
against all those officers who have been retired or
dropped, upwards of two hundred in number.
Wuat proportion of that number are petitioning
the Senate for relief? About one fifth. Shall we,
at the instance of that one fifth, expose the in-
firmities , the frailties, the errors—ay, it may be the
vices and the crimes—of others in the remaining
four fifths? Shall we perpetuate their shame, or
it may be their infamy, by making public and
exposing to common obloquy their acts m past
times in the service of the Government? Sir, I
think thiswould be mostunkmd to those officers,
and it would be a work of supererogation on our
part. Wait until they call upon us for relief;
and do not, against tin ir will and without their
solicitation, expose the grounds on which they
have been dtscaided fiom the public service. I
think the resolution should not pass for our own
sakt-s, as well as for the sakes of those who have
not asked our interposition, and the Secretary of
the Navy and the naval board, who will be cen-
sured, in my opimon, by its passage.
Mr. MASON. I do not wish to interfere with
the resolution, but if the debate is to go on, I
must ask for an executive session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think we can
dispose of this resolution now. Let us take a
vote.
Mr. JBROWN. I think it had better lie over;
I have a word to say upon it.
Mr. MASON. Let the resolution be post-
poned until to-morrow.
