$42
appendix to the congressional globe.
[March 19,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election—Mr. Bowie.
Ho. ok Reps.
Legislative Assembly which passed the lawunder
which Whitfield was elected to Congress was
itself elected by a majority of non-residents, or,
in other words, by illegal voters.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I believe all elections are ;
carried by the force of superior numbers; and not a :
few of them, sir, by the force of superior numbers
of illegal voters. But, sir, this averment (although
of a fact, if true, not admissible, for reasons I
shall hereafter state) is not an averment, either
directly or indirectly, of actual violence by the :
invasion of a Missouri mob, or other unlawful
assemblages of men, whether they be border ruf-
fians from Missouri, or emigrant aid ruffians from
Massachusetts. No, sir. It is but an averment
of illegal voting, at last; and yet it is under such
an averment as this that gentlemen seek to spread
before the country all sorts of information, of an
inflammatory character, in reference to a subject
on which the public mind is already too much t
excited! I, for one, will not give any such power j
to the committee. I will not lend myself to any
such unholy purposes. But, sitting here lh the
character ofa judge, bound according to my views :
of propriety and justice to try this case as if I
were a judge sitting in a court of justice, I will ;
give to the petitioner every opportunity to prove
the facts wnich he avers; but! will not go beyond
my duty to give him an opportunity of proving
facts which are not averred in his memorial.
And what, Mr. Speaker, is the second allega-
tion in Mr. Reader's memorial, under which we
are asked to invest this extraordinary power to
send for persons and papers in the Committee of
Elections ? Is it an allegation which requires the
production of any extraneous proof whatever ?
The averment is " that the election law, under
which Whitfield was elected, was entirely nuga-
tory and of no' effect, because passed at an illegal
and unauthorized place, and tens void in itself and
on its face." Well, sir, we have only to refer to
the act of Congress organizing the Kansas Terri-
tory, and the acts and proceedings of the Terri-
torial Legislature, to ascertain the truth of this
averment. We need not lookbeyond the record
which he himself has appealed to. We need not
look beyond the construction of the organic act,
and the acts of the Territorial Legislature, the
latter of which he avers is void on its face. There
they are. Anybody can look at them, and de-
termine the question for himself. Is there any-
thing in such an averment which should induce
this House to send a committee to Kansas, when
the committee themselves, and every member of
this House, have at last to form their opinions on
this subject, not from testimony to be procured,
but simply from an inspection and examination
of the laws themselves? Surely not, sir. We
should not entertain such a proposition for a
moment.
But, sir, let us inquire whether there is any
truth in this averment. Is the act of the Terri-
torial Legislature of Kansas, under which Whit-
field's election was held, nugatory and void for
the reasons assigned, or for any other reasons
apparent on the face of these proceedings ? The
allegation is, that the law itself is void because
passed by a Legislature sitting at an illegal and
unauthorized place.
Now, sir, this is a question of law, and not of
fact. No evidence, therefore, is necessary to be
had "on the subject. The place at which the
Territorial Legislature held its sessions appears
on the face of the proceedings of the Legislative
Assembly, and there is no contest as to that fact.
How, then, is this question to be tried ? By look-
ing to the act of Congress to see what power it
has confided to the Territorial Legislature over
that subject. The thirty-first section of the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act is in the following words: j
" Sec. 31. And be it further enacted, That the neat of
government of said Territory is hereby located temporarily
ut Fort Leavenworth; and such portions of the public
buildings as may not be actually used and needed for mil-
itary purposes may be occupied and used, under the direc-
tion of the Governor and Legislative Assembly, for such
public purposes as may b« required under the provisions of
this act."
The temporary seat of government is fixed, by
this act, at Fort Leavenworth, and the Governor
and Legislative Assembly are authorized, simply,
wilder Iheir direction, to use such portions of the
public buildings as may not be needed for mili-
tary purposes. But what were they to do if the
public buildings at that place were actually
needed for military purposes ? The uncertainty
whether they would be so needed or not, existing
at the time of the passage of the act of Congress,
rendered it highly proper that no express provis-
ion should be made,requiring the first Legislative
Assembly to meet absolutely at that place. Hence
we find no such provision in the act of Congress.
On the contrary, by the twenty-second section of
the act, it had already been provided that—
" The persons thus elected to the Legislative Assembly
shall meet at such place and on such day as the Governor
shall appoint."
The Governor might have selected Fort Leav-
enworth as the place of meeting of the first Le-
gislative Assembly, but he was not bound to do
so, simply because it was made the temporary
seat of government. There is no express provis-
ion in the statute requiring him to do so. The
seat of government of a State, or nation, is not
necessarily the place where the legislative branch
of the government must hold its sessions. It has
reference more particularly, and involves more
appropriately, the idea of a place where the pub-
lic archives are required to be kept, with a view
to safety and certainty, and for the greater con-
venience of its citizens. It is enough, however,
for us to know, that the act of Congress, the
organic law of the Territory, nowhere directs
that the first Legislative Assembly shall be called
to meet at Fort Leavenworth, or at any other
specified place. The power over this subject is
confided to the Governor in the first instance, and
to him alone, to be exercised, under all circum-
stances, according to his own judgment and dis-
cretion in the matter. The Governor, accord-
ingly, did fix the time and place for the meeting
of the first Legislative Assembly, by his proc-
lamation of the 17th of April, 1855, as it appears
from the reports of the majority and minority of
the committee, and the accompanying papers.
The Governor appointed the second day of the
following July as the time, and Pawnee City as
the place, of the meeting of the first Legislative
Assembly. It further appears that, in pursuance
of this proclamation, the Legislative Assembly
did convene at the time and place appointed; and
after having been duly organized by the election
of officers and the appointment of committees,
proceeded to the discharge of their legislative
functions. A message was sent to them by the
Governor, in which their official existence is dis-
tinctly recognized, and their cooperation with
the executive invoked in conducting the affairs
of the Territory. The Legislative Assembly re-
mained in session at Pawnee City from the 2d
to the 6th of July, passed several acts of a gen-
eral nature; and, among others, they passed an
act, by a two thirds vate, over the veto of the
Governor, removing the place of its sessions from
Pawnee City to the Shawnee Mission. On the
16th day of July, in accordance with their adjourn-
ment over, the Legislative Assembly met at the
said Shawnee Mission, and continued in session
discharging their legislative functions; and,
among other laws, passed the election law now
complained of, (by a two thirds vote, over the
veto of the Governor,) under which General
Whitfield, on the 1st day of October last, was
elected to this Congress.
Now, Mr. Speaker, these are the simple facts
connected with the present inquiry; and the only
question to be now discussed in relation to this
allegation in Reeder's memorial,is,had the Legis-
lative Assembly the right to remove their ses-
sions from Pawnee City to the Shawnee Mission ?
The whole force of Reeder's objections to the
laws passed at the Shawnee Mission, so far, at
least, as they relate to the place itself, turns on
this point. If the Legislative Assembly had
such a right, then the laws passed by them at
the Shawnee Mission are to be considered, so
far as this averment in his memorial is concerned,
as laws passed by a legally constituted Legisla-
ture, and therefore binding on the people of the
Territory, and every department of its govern-
ment. And, sir, can there be a doubt on this
subject? If gentlemen will but look carefully to
the provisions of the act of Congress — the or-
ganic law of the Territory, I cannot believe they
will find much difficulty in coming to the right
conclusion. The act of Congress is silent on the
subject of a permanent seat of government. It
designates Fort Leavenworth as a temporary seat
of government, merely, but at the same time, in
consequence of the uncertainty existing at the
time of the passage of the act, whether the pub-
lic buildings at that place would be required for
the use of the government troops, or not, vests
in the Governor of the Territory the right to
call together the first Legislative Assembly, at
such place, and on such day as he may appoint.
He did exercise this power; and by his procla-
mation selected Pawnee City as the place of their
first meeting. Having done this, his whole
power over the subject ceased. The power to
"appoint the day and place of meeting" having
been thus exercised by the Governor, was
exhausted—became functus officio, and left him no
residuum to be transferred or applied to another,
and a very different power, to wit: the power of
removing the sessions of the Legislative Assembly
from the place thus selected by the Governor, to
any other place more convenient, or of establish-
ing a permanent seat of government for the Ter-
ritory.
In reference to these subjects the act of Con-
gress confers on the Governor no special or spe-
cific powers whatever. It contains no express
provisions in relation to them. They are cer-
tainly important subjects, involving the exercise
of important powers, and must have been in-
tended by the framers of the act of Congress to
have been confided to some branch or department
of the territorial government. They certainly
are appropriate subjects of legislative power,
and ought not, under any circumstances, to have
been confided to the sole discretion of the exec-
utive. The subjects of establishing a permanent
seat of government for the Territory, and of al-
tering or changing the places of holding the meet-
ings of the Territorial Legislature, in the then
uncertain and unsettled condition of affairs there,
were subjects involving too many questions of
private and public interests to the people of the
Territory to be left in the hands of a single in-
dividual. Congress, accordingly, in its wisdom,
thought it best to confide these subjects to the
legislative department of the Territory. By the
twenty-second section of the act of Congress, it
is declared:
" That the legislative power and authority of said Ter-
ritory shall be vested in the Governor and a Legislative
Assembly, to be composed of a Council and House of Rep-
resentatives."
And by the twenty-fourth section of the same
act it is declared:
" That the legislative power of the Territory shall extend
to all rightful subjects of legislation consistent with the
Constitution of the United States and the provisions of
this act."
And the same section goes on to declare sub-
stantially, that, while the Governor shall have a
veto on ail bills, yet, if he fails to return a bill
within three days (Sundays excepted) after it
shall have been presented to him, or shall return
a bill with his objections to the House in which
it originated, it shall still become a law, if, on
reconsideration by each House, it shall be passed
by a vote of two thirds of each House.
Now, as I have said before, this is precisely the
way in which the bill was passed, by which the
sessions of the Legislative Assembly were re-
moved from Pawnee City to the Shawnee Mission.
The Governor returned the bill with his objec-
tions, and it was passed on reconsideration in eaeh
House by a two thirds vote of each House. So
far, then, as mere form is concerned, the provisions
of the organic law of the Territory, seem to have
been literally complied with in the passage of
this bill. The subject-matter itself, to which the
bill referred, was unquestionably a rightful sub-
ject of legislation. What is a rightful subject of
legislation? Any subject which relates to the in-
ternal affairs and domestic policy of a State. All
subjects which relate to the custody, safe-keep-
ing, and removal of the public records—to the
establishment of a seat of government, or to its
removal—to the selection of the times, and places,
and manner of convening the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial departments of the government,
are, in themselves, rightful subjects of legislation;
and unless expressly provided for in the consti-
tution or organic law of a State, must pass by a
