1952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the uni-
form practice to take up a bill when a majority
of the Senate direct.
Mr, CLAYTON. I only want to say that I
understand, and have reason to apprehend, this
bill, if passed, will draw a great many millions
of dollars from the Treasury; and before I am
ready to vote for anything that will draw such a
sum as this probably will, 1 desire a full oppor-
tunity to understand its merits. I am not pre-
pared to act on it at this moment, but whenever
it does come up, I shall have something to say.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 18 ; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Allot), Brodheacfj Brown, Oollamfir,
Douglas* Evans, Fessentien, Fish, Fitzpatnck, Jb'oot, Fos
t«r, Houston, Iverson, James, Mason, Piatt, f ugh, Seward, i
Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, Wellcr, Wilson, and
Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Bi^gs*, Bright, Clay, Clayton, Dodge, Geyei, Harlan,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Pearee, Rcid, Sebastian,
ShdeU, Stuart, Toombs, and Trumbull—IB.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill.
Under its provisions the officers of the army of
the Revolution, who were entitled to half pay for
life undqr the resolutions of Congressof the3d and
21st of Uctober, 1780, 17th January, 1781, May
8, 1781, and March 8, 1785, will be entitled to
receive the half pay, although the officer may have
received, in lieu of it, the communion of full pay
for five years, under the resolution of Congress
of March 22, 1783. All claims which shall be
allowed under this provision nre to be paid only
to the officer, if alive, or, if lie be dead, to his
widow and children equally, or if there bo no
widow living, to his child or children, or their
descendants; the issue of any deceased child
taking among them the share of their parent.
It will be the duty of the proper accounting
officer of the Treasury, when applied to for that
purpose by anyone who by this bill in entitled to
receive money, or Ins or her guardian, to ascer-
tain what is due to such officer, from the time he
becamc entitled to the said half pay until his death,
that occurred before the 3d of March, 1826; but
if he died after that time, up to the 3d of March,
182G; which sum is to be paid after deducting the
amount received lor commutation, under the reso-
lution of March 22, J783.
The bill also piovides that the benefit of the
resolution of August 2-1, 1780, shall be extended
to the widows and orphan children of all officers
who died in the service at any period during the
war of the Revolution, whether those officers
belonged to the continental line, or to any volun-
teer corps called into service under the authority j
of any State; but no payment is to be made under j
this clause, except to the widows and orphan j
children of deceased officers. Surgeons'mates j
are to be entitled to the benefit of the resolution .
of January 17, 1781, and to receive the half pay j
of a lieutenant of infantry. It is made the duty |
of the Secretary of War, under the direction and
with the approbation of the Presideutof the United
States, to prescribe such rules of evidence as may
be necessary to carry into edVct the provisions of
the act, according to its true intent and meaning.
All payments made by its authority are to be
without interest. In every case the accounting
officer, before he shall order any claim to be paid,
is to require satisfactory proof that the person in
whose name the claim may be presented, is the I
bona fide owner of it, and that the claim or any j
part of it has not been sold, transferred, pledgee!,
or mortgaged, to any person or persons whom- i
soever; and ail sales, transfers, mortgages, or j
pledges, of any such claims, are declared void, j
This act is not to extend to the case of any officer,
or his representatives, who have received either
half pay for life or commutation in lieu of it, ;
under any special act of Congress. Ail persons j
who apply for and receive the benefit of this act, !
are to receive it in full satisfaction of all claims |
under any of the resolutions of Congress before !
mentioned, and for all losses alleged to have been '
sustained by depreciation in the value of the cer- f
tiheates received as commutation under the reso-
lution of Congress of the 2:M of March, 1783.
Mr. TOOMBS, Mr. President, this bill has
come up here unexpectedly. I do not presume
that there xs one Senator here, except the chair-
man of the committee, who can. by possibility
tell what it is. It is not only a bill of twelve or
thirteen sections, but it places different classes of
officers under different resolutions—I think as
many as five resolutions are alluded to, from 1780
to 1783. It includes classes that were steadily
rejected by the revolutionary men immediately
after the adoption of the resolutions. There is
not one single human being in the Senate, unless
it be the Senator from South Carolina, who can
rise in the Senate now and tell me the effect of
the bill. I will state some of the leading facts of
the case, for I have taken some pains to look
iqio the subject, though I have not looked at this
bill. 1 did examine the Senate bill, reported
by the Senator from South Carolina, with a view
to give the benefit of my investigation to the Sen-
ate. This bill comes from the House of Repre-
sentatives but recently; this morning is the first
time it is reported,and it is taken up suddenly; 1
presume it is pretty much the same as the bill of
the Senator from South Carolina.
That Senator, T think, on one occasion inti-
mated it was a draft of about two and a half millions
of dollars on the Treasury. I supposed, myself,
it would be between five and seven millions,
but other accounts are that it is fifteen or twenty
millions. I think 1 shall be able to show the
Senate that it ought not to draw a dollar, or if it
does draw anything, it ought to be much larger.
This will be but an entering wedge. By explain-
ing the principle of the bill, the Senate will see
at once that, if it is a gratuity, it ought to be ex-
tended to the descendants of the men who fought
in the Revolution. This bill covers one class—
the descendants of the officers who were entitled
to half pay for life, under the resolution of 1780,
deducting the commutation, which wosfive years'
full pay, instead of half pay, for life, allowed
under the resolution of 1783. It excludes the
soldiers of the Revolution. Though they may
have served everyday of the war, from the time
the first gun was fired at Lexington until the
treaty of peace; though they may have stood up
during the Revolution and fought day in and day
out for public, liberty, their descendants get noth-
ing—even those who come under the resolution
of 1778, which promised to each soldier who
served to the end of the war a bounty of eighty
dollars. Those who received that eighty dollars,
which was paid in Continental money that proved
worthless, us well as some of the rest ofthe.se se-
curities, are left out entirely.
Now,I am going to show clearly and distinctly
that this, in the first place, is a gratuity; that, it
is not a debt; that the report of the House com-
mittee is a fraudulent one; that it does not truly
leprcsent the facts of the case; and that it inten-
tionally conceals the facts on which this bill is
founded.
The resolution of October, 1780, was passed at a
very gloomy time in the Revolution. Many offi-
cers had seived for a long time, but some hadjust
joined the army. The Continental Congress, to
prevent their resignation, provided that all the
officers who were then in service, and would con-
tinue to the end of the war, should have half pay
for life. You perceive at once that nil the officers
who had served from 1775 to 1780, and had gone
out of the service at that time, were excluded;
while those who joined about that time, and who
were in actual service for only about one year
aftei wards, were entitled to the half pay.
That has been presented as a matter of con-
tract; but I say Congress is deceived by these
reports, in being told that General Washington,
and the men of that day, from time to time, urfjed
this law on Congress. General Washington did
no such thing. None of the men of the Revolu-
tion did any such thing. They did insist, before
the disbanding of the Army, that something
should be done to secure this contract, under the
resolution of 1780.
The officers of the army themselves petitioned
Con gress on the subject. The petition was
leferrcd to a committee of which Mr. Alexander
Hamilton and Mr. Monroe were members. The
officers begged Congress to commute their half
pay for life to five years' full pay in hand, and
Congress passed the resolution of 1783, on the
petition of the officers of the Army. They said,
" we have been here for a long time, and we will
take five years' full pay now; considering the
chances of our lives, now when property is low
and money is dear, give us five years' full pay
and we will take that in lieu of half pay for lire.
They gave an additional reason, that the half
pay for life was odious; that the people objected
to it as building up an aristocracy of the o:!ic<'r.3
of the revolutionary army; and they said, it
will be a greater advantage to us to give us five
years'full pay instead of the half pay for life."
The committee reported in favor of doing it. I
quote from memory, because I have had no op-
portunity of having the papers before me. I am
accurate in the main facts, but I cannot quote the
language now. The Senate has refused to give
an opportunity to gentlemen to look into this
matter and bring forward the papers and public
records of the time.
The Senate, it seems, prefers to go it blind,
rather than look into the subject. I say the offi-
cers preferred this commutation. Congress
passed it with a proviso that it should be adopted
by the officers before taking effect. They determ-
ined that they would change this contract if it
was the will of the army. The only objection
that has sprung up in modern times against the
alteration of the contract from half pay for life to
five years' full pay, is, that Congress agreed in
the resolution that the vote should be taken by
lines, and that a majority of each line should de-
termine the course of each line. I have at my
house the papers of General Greene, and various
other documents bearing on the point; and though
there is no public document to refer to, the testi-
mony is conclusive. There is no evidence that
has come within my knowledge and investiga-
tion, of a single officer of the army of the Revo-
lution who did not demand the commutation,
and accept it. 1 have found amongst General
Greene's unpublished papers documents showing
the action of the Virginia lines and the Caiohna
lines in the southern campaigns. He was then
in command of the southern division; and having
examined his papers to some extent, I am more
familiar with what was done by the southern
lines; but I say all the officers of the different
lines unanimously accepted this proposition of
Congress. The action of the majority bound
the rest of the line; but in every case that I have
been able to look at, the assent was unanimous.
Then they came forward and accepted the five
years' full pay in lien of the half pay for life, and
they took it in hand. No man protested against
it. Every officer known to have been entitled to
it in the United States received it. There have
been some few cases within the equity, but not
within the exact provisions of the resolution,
which Congress has from time to time accepted;
but it never extended it by general law. Fre-
quent petitions came from meritorious officers,
immediately after the war, and they were referred
to the men of the Revolution who had served
with them, and you can find their resolutions of
record that it was inexpedient and unjust to ex-
tend the pay one inch further. I say the com-
mutation was accepted. Some of the officer** did
not live as long as the commutation ran, for it
was equal to half pay for ten years. Many of
them died in that time; and probably it was then
equivalent in the market to twenty years' half
pay, and all accepted it without a single excep-
tion?
In 1826 Congress passed a law under the gen-
eral pension system, to give to the survivois at
that time, I think, full pay. Probably the chair-
man can inform me whether it was full pay or
half pay ?
Mr. EVANS. Full pay for life.
Mr. TOOMBS. What, then, is the effect of
this bill? Each officer received, before 1826, ten
years' half pay; and then, if he lived from 1826
to 1850, he got twenty-four years' full pay, or
forty-eight years' half pay, making altogether
fifty-eight years' half pay; and then comes the
additional provision of this bill. The truth is,
that an officer may get a great deal more under
the bill than if he fiad drawn the half pay in gold
and silver from the day of the passage of the
resolution continuously.
Now as to the merits of the claim. A great
many of these persons were not in battle. Some
of them were in parts of the country where they
were not needed, and the Government allowed
them to return to their homes. It did not call for
them. The enemy was in some portions of tho
country, and not in others. They were nom-
inally officers. Many of them were really on a
