344
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 19,
34th Gong 1st Sess.
Kansas Contested Election>—Mr. Bowie.
Ho. of Reps.
live Assembly under the act of Congress, over |
the elections, returns, and qualifications of the ,
members of the Legislative Assembly. On these j
subjects we must Took, in the first instance, to j
the provisions of the organic law alone; but when
that is silent, we must resort to those general !
fend well-settled rules of reason and common law ,
which have divided all powers of government ,
into executive, legislative, and judicial.
By the provisions of the act of Congress to
which I have heretofore referred, it will be seen
that the only powers, or, 1 should rather say,
duties, confided to the Governor over this subject
are the duty of appointing the time, places, and
manner of holding the first election; of appointing
persons to superintend the elections and returns
thereof; of declaring to be duly elected the persons
having the highest number of legal votes; and of
calling a new election in cases of a tie or a vacancy.
These powers are, all of them, purely of an ex- i
ecutive nature, and, for that reason, are more
properly to be called duties than powers. They .
confer no authority whatever on the Governor to
decide questions concerning the legal validity of
elections, the right of persons to vote, the quali-
fications of electors or of members of the Assem- j |
bly, or of the legal sufficiency of the returns to
be made by the superintendents or judges of elec-
tions. These latter powers are in the nature of
judicial powers, and are but seldom conferred for
any purpose on the executive branch of govern-
ment; and, when conferred for special purposes,
are generally so conferred by an express grant,
fend not by implication merely; they do not par-
take, in any degree whatever, of the nature of
executive functions; and, unless there is an over-
ruling necessity which will admit of no other
construction, I cannot see with what propriety !
this act of Congress can be construed as to vest
in the Governor the important judicial powers of
determining " the election, returns, and qualifica-
tions of the members" of another department of
the Government. The power to appoint the time, j
places, and manner of holding the first election, ;
and the power to appoint persons to superintend j
the elections and returns thereof, taken singly or i
together, by no means imply a poweT in the Gov-
ernor to judge whether the election has been fairly
fend legally conducted—whether the returns have !
been properly made—or whether the voters or
those voted for had the proper qualifications re-
quired by law. On the contrary,they seem tome j
to negative any such claim of power. The first is j
a power of appointment, simply,and,if exercised j
at all, must, from the nature of the case, be exer- :
cised before the day of election, and, on that day,
would cease to exist, having been exhausted by
its own exercise and become functus officio; and
the second, although it gives to the Governor the
power to appoint the persons to superintend the
elections and the returns, yet confers on the per-
sons so selected themselves the power and the duty to
superintend and judge of the elections and the re-
turns thereof. It is one thing to appoint persons
to superintend the elections, and another thing
to superintend the elections themselves. The
first power is given to the Governor; the second
to those whom he might appoint for that pur-
pose. Indeed this construction of these powers
seems to have been the construction which the
Governor himself, at that time, placed upon them;
for, in his proclam&tionAppointing these persons,
and. defining in detail the mode of their procedure
and the extent of these powers, he expressly says
—what I have already referred to—" that, if a dis-
pute shall arise as to the qualifications of a voter,
the judges shall examine the voter, or any other
persons, under oath, upon the subject; and a
decision of a majority of the board will be con-
clusive." We look in vain, then, to these pro-
visions of the act to find any justification for the
powers which the Governor actually claimed and
exercised by withholding certificates of election
and ordering a new election.
But the act further says that the persons having
the highest number of legal votes shall be declared by
the Governor to be duly elected, Sfc., and it has been '
•aid that this provision gives to the Governor the >
authority to judge of the legality of the votes, as well :
as of all questions touching the due election of the
members of the Legislative Assembly. Letussee
whether this construction can be fairly maintained.
The act of Congress declares that the manner of
cmdwtingthe election,'' both as to the persons who
shall superintend such election and the returns there-
of," shall be prescribed and directed by the Gov-
ernor. This necessarily implies a power in the
Governor to appoint persons, not only to conduct
the election, but to supervise and control the man-
ner, or, in other words, to adopt rules of action by
which they, the superintendents, are to be governed.
The term " manner" here must mean something
more than mere " time and place," for they are
used in the same sentence and in connection with
the same subject. I suppose that the act of Con-
gress means only to give to the Governor the
power of appointing the judges of elections; but
at the same time to confer on the judges them-
selves, or " the persons to superintend the elec-
tions, " as they are called, the power to decide all
questions which might arise touching the right to
vote, as well as the returns to be made by them.
If this be not its meaning, I cannot see the sense
of employing such phraseology. The Governor
is not required, in person, to attend to the elections,
that he might see and observe from his own per-
sonal knowledge, how, and in what manner, the
votes were received, or the right to vote determ-
ined. Such a duty imposed on the Governor
would have been both onerous and unjust; and
yet it was a duty which it was necessary should
have been performed by some tribunal or other.
The act of Congress having thus very wisely
provided for the appointment of such a tribunal,
whose province it was to receive the votes, ascer-
tain their number, and determine whether they
were " the highest number of legal votes,"per-
emptorily directs that the persons thus receiving
the highest number of legal votes " shall be de-
clared by the Governor to be duly elected." To
say that the Governor has the right, under these
circumstances, to overrule the decision of his own
judges on such questions, would be to enable him
to violate his own construction of their powers,
as conferred on them in his proclamation, which
was that their judgment, in such matters, should
be " final and conclusive." Besides all this, the
oath itself, which he prescribed to be taken by
them, clearly shows that their jurisdiction ex-
tended, and was intended to extend, to all ques-
tions concerning the legality of votes ana the
qualifications of voters.
I cannot see, therefore, upon what ground it
can be'claimed that the Governor had the right
to withhold certificates of election from those per-
sons who, on the 30th of March, hpd been re-
Murned by the judges of election as " the persons
having the highest number of legal votes." Ac-
cording to my construction of this actof Congress,
it became his duty, as soon as he received the re-
turns from the judges of election, stating that such
and such persons had received the highest number
of legal votes, to have complied with the peremptory
demands of the statute by issuing his certificates of
election, " declaring that they were duly elected."
And still less, Mr. Speaker, can 1 find any war-
rant of authority for the actof the Governor order-
ing a new election. The act of Congress author-
izes the Governor to order a new election only in
the event of two occurrences, and those are in the
case of a tie vote, or of a vacancy otherwise occur-
ring. In the present instance, there is no pre-
tense of a tie vote. He can only plead his justifi-
cation, therefore, on the ground that, having the
power to Jill vacancies, he necessarily had the
power to order a new election. Sir, the power to
fill vacancies is a power very wisely intrusted to
the executive department of all Governments in
which the people have the appointing power; but
it should never be used in a manner that will
defeat their deliberately expressed wishes. An
actual vacancy may occur in several ways—by
i death, resignation, removal; by becoming non
compos mentis; or being placed in or assuming a
position which, by the organic law, disqualifies
the incumbent from holding two offices at the same
time. But in all these cases a vacancy presupposes
that the office has once been filled. 1 know it has
been said that, in legal contemplation, a vacancy
may also exist in cases where an office has been
created by law, and the appointing power, from
some cause or other, whether by the expiration of
i tsown powers or otherwise, has failed or neglected
to fill it. But, sir, without feeling the necessity
of controverting this position, I think I can safely
say that,where the office has been created by law,
and the appointing power has actually filled it, no
respectable authority can be referred to which
gives to any other tribunal (in the absence of ex-
pressly delegated authority to review and reverse
that decision on appeal) the right to make any
other appointment during the tenure of the first
appointment. In this case, the people were the
appointing power. They had filled the offices
created by the statutes electing certain men as
their Representatives to the Legislative Assembly
—the judges of elections had certified that they had
received the highest number of legal votes—the
duty of the Governor was, as I have shown, by the
peremptory demands of the statute, to "declare
them as duly elected." No authority was given to
him to review or reverse their decision, and yet he
' declares a vacancy to exist in the particular cases,
j and issues his writs for a new election to supply
! them. Why, sir, every question relating to the
! right of voting, whether it related to the residence
1 or citizenship, or inhabitancy of the voter, or to
the returns of the elections, seems to have been
referred to these judges of elections; and if I am
right in supposing that their judgment was to be
conclusive on these matters, as the Governor's
proclamation directed, I cannot see what exer-
cise of power, or performance of duty was left to
the Governor, other than to grant the certificates
of election, as required by the actof Congress,
j Well, sir, if this be so, then there were no vacan-
1 cies to be supplied, and the Governor, having no
, revisory power in the case, had no authority to
order a new election, but ought to have conformed
to the requisitions of the statute, by granting the
| certificates of election as required.
] I cannot, therefore, Mr. Speaker, bring my
mind to any other conclusion than that which the
Legislative Assembly of Kansas came to when
they declared that the Governor had no authority
to withhold certificates of election from those per-
sons who had received the returns of the judges
of election, declaring " that they were the persons
having the highest number of legal votes, at the
election of the 30th of March, and consequently
that he had no authority to order a new election
for the 24th of May." I agree with the Legisla-
tive Assembly of Kansas in pronouncing the lat-
ter election to be utterly void; and in awarding
seats in the Assembly to those persons who had
received the highest number of legal votes a>t the
election held on the 30th of March, 1835.
j But, sir, it may be said that, if the act of Con-
' gress has given to the Governor no power to
| decide questions of contested elections, oy going
j behind the returns of the judges of elections and
j deciding upon the legality of votes, neither lias
,i it, by express terms, conferred any such powe"
on the Legislative Assembly. If this were even
bo, I hold it, sir, to be totally immaterial. The
persons who had the highest number of legal
votes at the election of the 30th March, as certi-
fied to by the returns of the judges of election,
were entitled by law to have been declared duly
elected by the Governor. The omission or refu-
sal of the Governor to discharge his duty in the
matter surely cannot be construed into an abro-
gation of their rights. These rights were derived,
not from the Governor, but from the organic law
of the Territory itself. They were rights vested
j I in the people of the Territory by the act of Ccm-
! gress, and cannot be divested by any omission
1 of duty by the executive branch of the Govern-
ment. Any other doctrine would place the rights
| of the people of that Territory, as regards both
I the elective franchise and their eligibility to office—
I invaluable political rights to freemen everywhere,
at the disposal of the Governor, to be granted
! or withheld as it might suit the whims or caprice
i of an arbitrary and corrupt Executive. Sir, I
can never sanction a doctrine so subversive of
popular rights—so dangerous to the prosperous
existence of a free representative Government. I
maintain, therefore, that the persons who were
elected to the Legislative Assembly at the elec-
tion of the 30th of March, were entitled to seats
in the Legislative Assembly, not so much by
virtue of the action of that body admitting them
1: to seats, as by virtue of the election itself, and
j the returns of the judges cf election certifying that
they haul respectively received the highest num-
