366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
yt£ cannot properly appropriate money generally
out of the Treasury for such a purpose. I say
the passage of this resolution would be a clear
departure°from the Constitution, and a perversion
of-a trust confided to us. This money has been
-drawn from the Treasury by law for specific pur-
poses, and the resolution seeks to divert it to
other an'd, different purposes.
, The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Georgia object to the consideration of the resolu-
tion to-day ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do.
The PRESIDENT. Then it must lie over,
as a matter of course.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will the Senator withdraw
that objection to allow me to make a remark?
Mr. iTOOMBS. I withdraw the objection for
that purpose.
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable Senator from
Georgia withdraws for the present his objection,
in order that I may state my reasons for offering
the resolution. I offer it bccause such an appro-
priation has many precedents to justify it. The
same thing has been done over and over again,
and especially in the other House.
The objection, as I understand it, which comes
from the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Huntek,]
and the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.]
is, that the resolution appropriates money out of
our contingent fund. Sir, it is impossible to resort
to any other fund in oruor to relieve these suffer-
ers. If we have to wait until a regular bill can be
passed through both Houses of Congress, those
who are suffering—if the facts arc correctly stated
to me, must die before reiJef can be furnished.
This is an extraordinary case. Such a winter has
never been known, and such a degree of suffer-
ing in conscquence of it is unexampled. As the
Senate has drawn without censure from its con-
tingent fund money for many charitable puvposes,
it will, I trust, sanction such a resolution as this.
Why, sir, the Senate paid out of the contingent
fund all the expenses of Kossuth and his suite,
when he came here—more than four thousand
dollars. The native poor are quite as well entitled
to the charities of this fund as the Hungarian
.could have been to its hospitahtn s.
Sir, we are acting as the local Legislature for
this District, just as the. Legislature of Vir-
ginia would a<-t for the city of Richmond at this
period* and there, 1 apprehend,tnere would be
no objection and no difficulty in passing such a
resolution as this. I know that, when resolutions
of this kind have been offered. objections have been
made; but I hope the gentleman from Georgia will
allow a vote of the Senate to be taken upon it.
Surely if there is a majority of the Senate in favor
of the resolution, he will let it go. His opposi-
tion is founded upon principle, m which he no
doubt sincerely feels as much confidence as I feel in
the principles which I advocate. I have no doubt
that he is perfectly honest in his opposition to the
resolution; i am equally >?o in my advocacy of tt.
I hope, therefore, that, like the gentleman from
Virginia, he wiil sutfer a vote to be taken upon
it, and if a majority of the Senate refuse to agree
to it I shall submit.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very w^H; I withdraw my
objection to the present consideration of the reso-
lution.
The PRESIDENT. The Choir heais no other
objection to the consideration of the resolution.
It is before the Senate for action.
Mr. CLAY. I move to amend the resolution
by striking out so much .is provides rhat the
money for this purpose be " paid out of the con-
tingent fund," and to substitute, instead of that,
the words, "be paid for out of the per diem of
Senators in equal proportions."
Mr. ADAMS. I second'that motion. Let us
have the yeas and nays on the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I offer an amendment to the
amendment. A3 I prefer to be my own almoner,
I move that the expense bo paid out of " the per
diem of Senators voting for the resolution."
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. I VERSO N. i hope that neither of the
propositions before us will be passed. Sir, I do
not think that the Senate has the constitutional
power to appropriate money in this way. The
distinguished Senator from Delaware says we
have the same power to appropriate money for an
object of this sort that the Legislature of the State
of Georgia would have to appropriate money for
a similar object in that State, or the Legislature
of Virginia would have in that State. That is
not so, according to my understanding of the
theory of this Government. The Legislature of
the State of Georgia has the power to do anything
and everything that is not inconsistent with, or
contradicted, by the Constitution either of the Uni-
ted States or of that State. The National Legisla-
ture of this Government has only the power to do
that which is granted to it, and not to do every-
thing that is not prohibited. Now, sir, where is
the clause of the Constitution which authorizes
this Government, or this body, to appropriate
money to furnish food, or clothing, or wood, for
the poor of this District? if you can appropriate
the money of the Government to buy wood for
the poor, you can do it to buy clothing, or food,
or horses, or anything which may conform to the
necessities or luxuries of the people. Where is
the limit? There is none. I ask the Senator from
Delaware if he is prepared to vote for a similar res-
olution to provide food for the poor of Baltimore,
and New York, and Boston, and Richmond, and
of every other city of the Union? because, if we
have the power to provide food and raiment for
the poor of the city of Washington, we have the
same power everywhere in the 'United States.
The gentleman says that Congress hns " ex-
clusive jurisdiction" over the City of Washing-
ton and the District of Columbia. True, sir;
but exclusive jurisdiction does not carry univer-
sal jurisdiction. Exclusive jurisdiction is one
thing; universal jurisdiction is another. While
Congress is the only power that can exercise any
jurisdiction over the District of Qplumbia, cer-
tainly wo do not claim that that clause of the
Constitution givca us the power to do anything
and everything according to the discretion of
Congress. Surely not.
I think that the proposition which has been
proposed, by which this resolution is to be
amended, is better than the original resolution;
| but still I desire to know what authority this
i body has to take my money out of my pocket to
| give it to the poor, without my consent? Sir, I
! | have as much sympathy for the poor of this Dis-
:i triet as, perhaps, the gentleman fiom Delaware,
h or any other gentleman on this flooi, and I will
J go quite as far, in my individual capacity, to re-
1 lieve them, according to my memiK, as any gen-
|. tleman here; but I stand here to legislate for the
j| people, and not for myself; and what right have
j1 I, or has any other gentleman, to vote the money
of the people for the benefit of individual citizens?
We have, m my opinion, no such right. I move,
therefore, to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. CLAYTON. The honorable Senator put
some questions to me; will he allow me to answer
them ?
Air. IVERSON. I withdraw the motion for
the present.
Air. CLAYTON. I propose to answer the
questions which the honorable Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Iverson] put to me. The honor-
able Senator asked me whether 1 would appro-
priate money'for the poor of Baltimore, New
York, Philadelphia, Boston, and other cities of
j! the Union, in the same way? Surely not, sir.
' I stated, when I offered the resolution, that I
| offered it because I considered Congress as the
' peculiar and exclusive legislative body for this
i District; that the city of Washington was under
i its guardianship and care; and the poor of this
: city are as much under our care as the poor of
the city of Richmond are under the peculiar care
!' and guardianship of the Legislature of Virginia.
ii The honorable gentleman* from Georgia seems
not to perceive the distinction between the powers
'■ of the local Legislature for the Distiictof Coliun-
bia and the general powers of Congress. He
says the Legislature of Georgia would not have
!' the power. 'I fancy the honorable gentleman is
j: greatly mistaken m tiiat. 1 do not suppose that
|j thVftjf'gistaturc of Georgia is prohibited, by its
constitution, from granting redress to their own
ij suffering citizens.
I! Mr. President, if 1 had supposed I should have
\ \ obstructed the business of the Senate with a
jj question of constitutional law, occupying so much
!j time, I would not have offered the resolution; but
|! as I have offered it, I propose to press it to a de-
cisiou, and I hope that the Senate-will pass it.
With,.regard to appropriating money out. of the
pockets of Senators who are unwilling to aid the
poor, I suppose, of course, we have no such
power. I am quite willing, however, to contrib-
ute my full share, if other gentlemen will do that,
to buy this wood*. I see no difficulty whatever in
doing this. We are becoming more scrupulous
than the Senate or the House of Representatives
have ever been before, and I suppose the private
will turn out like the public charity. The suffer-
ing, I can assure the honorable gentleman from
Georgia, is, from all my information, greater than
it has ever been before. The call on the human-
ity of the Senate is greater, at this time, than it
has ever been before.
Mr. ADAMS. I shall vote for the amendment
to the amendment, offered by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] I shall, then, if that mo-
tion prevail, vote for the amendmentas amended.
I agree with the objection made by the Senator
from Virginia, that to pay money for this pur-
pose out of the contingent fund, which was in-
trusted to this body for its legitimate uses, and
no other, as I understand it, is a violation of prin-
ciple. Whatever may be my sympathies for the
poor—and I trust that I have as much for them
as any other Senator on this floor—I wiil not vio-
late a principle, as long as I have a dime in my
pocket to relieve the# necessities of those who I
think are entitled to relief.
The Senator from Delaware says, that this is
an extraordinary spell of weather, and that the
necessities of the poor are very great. That is
true, sir. But I venture to say that the oldest
citizen here will toll you also that more efforts
have been made, more money contributed to-
wards the relief of the poor, in this contingency,
than there has been on any former occasion. So
far as individual appropriations may be con-
cerned, I am willing io go as far as he who goes
furthest, according to my means; but I am not
willing to violate a principle in order to reach
any case, however charitable it may be. I do
not believe that we have the right to tax any
member of this body without his consent, any
more than we have the right to take a portion of
the contingent fund, intended for thojdsc of the
Senate, and appropriate it to the poor. There-
fore, I think the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Georgia is right and proper, that
this amount of wood shall bo furnished to the
poor of the city, and be paid for out of the per
diem of the Senators who vote for the resolution.
I shall vote against the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Delaware. If the proposed amend-
ments shall be rejected, I shall, reluctant as I am
to do so, vote against the resolution, because it
is a violation of law and principle, m my humble
judgment. The contingent fund is furnished
to us by the generous confidence of the House
of Representatives. Without that confidence,
we could not receive one dollar of that fund. 1
cannot consent to appropriate it to any other
than the legitimate purposes for which it was
originally confided to this body. In such a case,
individual necessity is a matter that I will not
consider. We may have the right to tax the
people of the United States for the support of the
poor of this District, owing to our exclusive juris-
diction here; and I shall not go into a discussion
of that matter; but if we have that power, it is
only by a law sanctioned by both branches of
Congress, and the President of the United States.
These are my views. My object m rising was
to explain the reason why I shall vote for the
amendment offered by the Senator from Georgia,
and then for the amendment offered by the Sena-
tor from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] as thus amended
If he had not offered it, I should have done so
myself. It is precisely in accordance with my
own judgment.
Mr. WELLER. I think the better plan would
be to lay this resolution with the amendments
on the table, and then let us pass a resolution re-
questing the pages io go round the Senate Cham-
ber and' collect contributions. Let every Senator
contribute whatever he thinks he is able to con-
tribute towards the relief of the poor of tins Dis-
trict. I have no doubt that the statement made
■by the distinguished Senator from Delaware is
strictly true, that there is, just now, a vast
amount of suffering in this city. I am disposed,
I am sure, to do everything in my power towards
its relief. I shall, then, if the motion to lay on
