1856.
€0NGEESSIOmi,
£&t
tie table succeed, make a motion that thejpges
be directed to pass round the Chamber, aria that
each Senator contribute what he thinks proper,
and that the fund thus raised be paid over to the
Sergeant-at-Arms, to be invested in purchasing
wood for the relief of the poor.
Mr. CLAYTON. The Government has lost
moi-e money by the time that has been taken up
in discussing this question than the whole fire-
wood would have cost. I am, therefore, willing
that the resolution shall be at once disposed of.
I hope that the suggestion of the gentleman from
California will prevail, and that something will
be done by vis, in the very extraordinary state
of things that exists around us, for the relief of
the destitute poor of "Washington. I would have
been perfectly willing to withdraw the resolution,
for the sake of attaining the object of the gentle-
man from California, or to lay it on the table, as
the Senate may think proper, if I could have any
assurance tjiat private charity here would render
the public aid unnecessary.
Mr. IVERSON. I renewthe motion to lay the
resolution on the table, and I will not withdraw
the motion.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that motion, not because I have anything to
say about it, but because I object to the idea of
having the debate cut off.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 24, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Bigg°, ri.ight, Rrown,Butler, Cass, Clay,
F.vans, Fitzpatrick, Hamlin, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson,
Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mason, Rusk, Sebastian, Slidell,
Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull,
WeWer, and Yulee—S4.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Benjamin, Clayton, Colla-
mer, Fish, Foster, Geyet, Harlan, Houston, James. Pearce,
Steward, Sumner, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—17.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the table.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order, for
a two-fold reason: first, that the hourfixod for the
special order has arrived, and ne-xt, because I
hope that we may do something of the morning
business after the Senator from Vermont shall
have concluded his remarks. I do not think it
would be proper, in justice to him, to dispose of
the morning business now.
The motion was agreed to; and
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order—the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations the letter of Lord
John Russell, which was communicated by the
President of the United States in answer to a
resolution of the'Senate.
Mr. FOOT addressed the Senate at some length.
A report of his speech will appear in the Appen-
dix.
Mr. WILSON". Mr. President, I desire to
offer a few suggestions on this topic; but as you,
sir, [Mr. Stuart in the chair,] suggested this
morning that, after the speech of the Senator
from Vermont, the Senate might engage in other
business, and as the Senate has ordered, on the
motion of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones,] that his resolution shall be the order of
the day for to-morrow at one o'clock, X move
that the further consideration of this subject be
postponed to, and made the spccial order of the
day for, Thursday next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I thank you for
giving me the floor. Iliad not expected it. The
fact is, sir, these young Americas arc terrible
fellows. They are no believers in the Decalogue.
They covet their neighbor's goods. They get be-
fore us old fogies, and steal away our war thunder;
and when they get it, they thunder a great deal
louder than ever we undertook to do. And they
get before us, also, in smaller matters. They
spring up with such elasticity of muscle and
strength of lung, that they take the floor from us,
and prevent us from doing the initiatory business
to which the morning hour is devoted. Now, sir,
I do not intend to ask any immediate action on
the subject to remedy this state of things. I in-
tend my remarks rather as hints, which I hope
will be received with some practical advantage.
I hold in my hand a considerable file of petitions
and memorials and other papers, which, till now,
I have not had an opportunity to present, and I
ask the Senate to receive them.
I renew my thanks to ybii, sir, for giving me a:
chance to lay them before the Senate. I do not'
care so much aboutthethunderasldo about this
rare act of justice. [Laughter. J I.will say, how-
ever, that, whoever thunders, I glory in the con-
dition of our country when I hear such sentiments
as have fallen this day, alid fallen with such elo-
quence and ability, from the honorable Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Foot.] He said not a word
that did not meet my hearty concurrence.
I present additional papers relating to the me-
morial of Peter Wager, late a master in the
United "States Navy, who was dropped from the
service in consequence of the recommendation of
the late naval board. It is a subject upon which
I shall not make any remarks. I move that the
papers be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASS also presented additional papers
relating to the memorial of Commander John S.
Nicholas; which were referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Also, papers in relation to the proceedings of
the late naval board in the case of Jesse Wilkin-
son, a captain in the Navy, who has been placed
on the reserved list; which were referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Montgomery Lewis, a
lieutenant of the Navy, complaining that he has
suffered injustice in consequence of the proceed-
ings of the late naval board, by whose recom-
mendation he has been placed on the reserved
list, and praying for redress: which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Lewis Campati, praying
that the treaty of August last with the Ottawa
Indians may be amended so as to provide for as-
certaining and paying the just- debts of those
Indians; which was rcferied to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Michigan and
Wisconsin, praying for a grant of land in alter-
nate sections to aid in the construction of a railroad
from Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, to the northern
boundary of that State, and thence to Ontonagon;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, the petition of Stanton Sholes, praying
for compensation for services rendered, and losses
and injuries suffered, while in the military service
of the United States during the war of 1812;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of Jonathan A. Dunning,
administrator of William Irwin, deceased, praying
that the amount due him, as an officer in the rev-
olutionary army, may be paid to his heirs; which
was referred to the Committee oil Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, papers relating to the claim of John Ran-
dolph Clay to compensation for diplomatic ser-
vices at Peru, in the year 1853; v.-hic li were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CASS. I present a memorial which I re-
gard it my duty to present, and which I consider
that it is the right of those who have signed it to
prefer to the Senate. It is a memorial from some
of our fellow-citizens who are residents of the
Territory of Kansas, complaining that, by the
proclamation of Governor Shannon, they are ex-
posed to the authorized march of a military force
from Missouri, who are committing depredations
on their persons and property, and praying for
an invPStigation into the matter. I move that it
be referred to the Committee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CASS also presented the petition of John
Johnson and other citizens of Georgia, praying
for the adoption of measures for the speedy ad-
justment and settlement of revolutionary chums;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Also, the petition of John McLean, praying for
half pay on account of the services of his ances-
tor, Neal McLean, during- the revolutionary war;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. *
Also, the petition of Lurana Russell, praying
to be allowed the pay due to Captain Thomas C.
Russell, deceased, and Captain Robert B. Baker,
deceased, for revolutionary services, she being
their only heir; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WELLER presented a petition of officers
of the;Anriy, ptayihgffbr an increase of the corn-'
mutation,price of the Army ration; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Jblih H. Scra'nton. arfd; •
James M. Hunt, praying for compensation for'
carrying the mail on Puge't's Sound, "Washington
Territory; which was referred to the Committee'"
on the Post Office and Post Roads. ■ '-
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of J . La w- <
ton Pratt, praying for compensation for the ser-«
vices of his father, William Pratt, deceased, in
the revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of Sarah P. Greene, only
surviving child of John Parrish, deceased, pray-
ing to be allowed the commutation pay to which
he was entitled for services during the revolution-
ary war; which was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of H. B.
Nones and others, officers of the United States
Revenue Marine, serving on the Pacific coast,
praying for an increase of compensation; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of W.
A. Cameron, legal representative of James Bell,
praying the settlement of his account for advances
made by him duringthe revolutionary war; which-
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. COLLAMER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Windsor, Vermont, praying for an ap-
priation for the construction of a court-house at*
that place; which was referred to the Committee'
on the Judiciary.
Mr. GEYER presented a memorial of the Gen-
eral Assembly of Missouri, praying for a grant
of land to aid in the completion of the geological
survey of that Sftite; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of
Missouri, praying for a grant of land for school
purposes; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of
Missouri, praying that two per cent, of the net
proceeds of the sales of the public lands within
that State may be refunded, and that an additional
township may be granted to the State for a semi-
nary of learn tng; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to present a memo-
rial of the trustees of tho -State University of
Iowa. It is signed by Jarnes D. Eads, the super-
intendent of public instruction of that State; also,
by James W. Grimes, Governor of the State; by
Lincoln Clark, recently a member of the other
branch of Congress, and by the other members
of the board of trustees of the University. The
memorial sets forth, briefly, that a grant of land
was made by Congress for the support of this
university, which is insufficient for the purpose,
and the present prayer is for an additional grant.
I ask that the memorial be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. ''
It was so referred.
RELIGIOUS RIGHTS OF JEWS.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, I have been re-
quested by our Hebrew fellow-citizens of this
District to present a petition, asking for an act
of incorporation to enable them to erect a place
of worship and to manage the temporalities con-
nected with it. 1 understand that the existing
law in this District makes provision for those
purposes only in relation to Christian denomina-
tions. Such a distinction is an act of gross in-
justice, and, if continued after our attention is
directed to it, it would be a disgrace to our juris-
prudence. It would ill become us to cast reproach,
by any act of ours, upon the faith of the patri-
archs and prophets of Israel, to whose keeping,
for more then two thousand years, were com-
mitted the oracles of the true and liung God.
Considered in a historical aspcct only, the rise
and progress and fall of the Jewish race consti-
tute the most interesting and remarkable, and,
I may add, romantic,episode in the whole annals
of mankind. The incarnate Savior himself, in
his human capacity, was a Jew, and he came, as
he declared, not to destroy the first dispensation—
that of law—but to fulfill it by the second dispen-
sation—that of mercy. His revelation is freely
offered to all the world, whether Jew or Gentile;
