ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.1957*
the motives which might have governed him; I
did not say a word. He stated the case, and he
was mistaken on a single fact connected with it;
but I did not dispute with him. I said nothing
in respect to his motives.
I think that the Senator from Illinois, when
he comes to review what he has said, will see
that he has used language in regard to my argu-
ments and position on this subject, which is a
little too strong—which savors a little too much
of personal impeachment. I think the Senator
knows me, and knows my views, well enough to
believe that, to the extent to which my knowl-
edge goes, I am at least as liberal m my views
of constitutional power and governmental pro-
priety in respect to these appropriations, as the
honorable Senator himself. We disagree in
respect to the Illinois river on the question of
power. That is all there is of it. There is
Grand river, in the State in which I live, that is
navigable and navigated for seventy-five miles.
There is the very river on which I live, navi-
fable and navigated, until the construction of the
lichigan Central railroad,for seventy-five miles.
I have never yet seen the day when I would vote
a dollar out of the national Treasury to improve
either one or the other; for the reason that I do
not believe that Congress possesses the power.
The Senator may differ with me, but certainly
he will not question the motives that induce me
to entertain this opinion. I was as brief as I
could be in expressing simply the reasons why I
could not vote for this bill, without the slightest
idea of provoking debate; and I am now going to
cut shut more than three fourths of what I should
like to say in answer to the Senator from Illinois
—argumentatively, because I would not say a
word against his motives. I entertain no feel-
ings which would prompt any such tiling. Three
fourths of what I would deem necessary to
answer his argument, I will leave unsaid, rather
than defer the action of the Senate on these
bills.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I expressly
exempted the motives of the Senator from Michi-
gan by saying that his residence was such that
his attention was directed east and not west, and
hence he did not fully appreciate and comprehend
the importance of the Illinois river as well as he
would if he lived on the Mississippi, or some
pomt further west. This much it is necessary
for me to say in reply to the supposition of the
Senator that I impeached his motives.
Wow, sir, in regard to the jurisdiction over the
Illinois river. It has been held by the Supreme
Court of the United States that ihe admiralty
jurisdiction of the United States was not confined
to the ebbing and flowing of the tides, nor limited
to salt water, but reached wherever navigation
extended. Therefore, so far as judicial authority
can be brought to bear upon this question, the
fact ofa river being in one State, or many States,
does not affect the constitutional power; nor can
reason bo brought, to your aid to make a distinc-
tion between a river which is on the boundary
lme or in the center of a State. Then judicial
authority is against the Senator from Michigan;
and the reason of the case is against him. As to
the importance of the Illinois river as a channel
of communication of commerce and navigation,
there can be no question.
Still the Senator says the State of Illinois has
exclusive jurisdiction over the Illinois river. My
answer isj that the Supreme Court of the United
States have decided the reverse; and the people of
Illinois are a law-abiding people, that yield to the
decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States—the highest tribunal of the world. _ It
is now ten years since I brought a proposition
into the House of Representatives, asking the
permission of Congress to levy tonnage duties on
the Illinois river to improve its navigation. Con-
gress refused to give us that permission^ Wo
cannot induce men to invest their capital in the
improvement of that river without the consent of
Congress. The decision of the Supreme Court
stares us in the face and denies our exclusive
jurisdiction. We asked you, first, to give us per-
mission to improve it ourselves, and you refused.
We now ask you to make appropriations to im-
prove it yourselves, and objection is made.
I prefer that you should give us your permis-
sion and consent to make our own improvements,
rather than have the pitiful sum of $20,000 which
it is proposed now to appropriate; but I insist
that justice and fairness require that you shall
either impiove the navigation of that river, or
give your assent that we may do it, and collect
sucli reasonable tolls as are necessary to pay the
expenses of the work. That is our position.
When we asked your permission you refused it.
It has been voted down by immense majorities.
The reason we have not improved it, is because
you would not permit us to do so. Your courts
decided against our right to do so. Now you will
neithergive your consent to our doingit ourselves,
nor make appropriations to do it yourselves.
Mr. PUGH. In what case have the courts de-
cided that the State of Illinois has no authority?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The courts have decided
that the maritime jurisdiction is not confined to
the ebbing and flowing of the tide, butgoes where-
ever the water is navigable. Such I understand
to be the decision.
Mr. PUGH. No, sir. The Senator is mis-
taken. He cannot find any decision that will
carry the admiralty jurisdiction over the Illinois
river.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think I can find decisions
where the Supreme Court say the jurisdiction
goes to the extent of the navigability of the water.
Of course, the Illinois river was not mentioned,
because the Illinois river was not in controversy
in that ease; but the point is, whether the admi-
ralty jurisdiction is confined to tide-water, or
whether it goes to the extent of the navigability
of the water ? I understand that to be the decision
of the Supremo Court. Some ten years ago, m
obedience to that doctrine, 1 presented a bill to
the other House, and it became the law of the
land, to extend the admiralty jurisdiction of the
courts of the United States to the northern lakes,
upon the ground that the admiralty jurisdiction,
under the Constitution, could exist there as well
as upon the ocean, and in salt water, they being
navigable in a state of nature.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
excuse me for making a suggestion ? [Mr. Doug-
las. Certainly.]—and that is, that I have an
unfortunate responsibility about these bills, and
I am quite sure I can promise him that his bill
will pass if he will let the vote be taken. I do
not know whether an argument can aid its pas-
sage.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am much obliged to the
Senator from New York. I do not intend to
occupy time on this question; but I feel it to be
my duty to answer the objections that are urged
when it is attempted to exempt this great central
channel of commerce thiough my State, from the
general principal of nationality, and at the same
time to legalize other small rivers which have no
connection with thegreateommtTce of the country
except at one end, and do not form links in the
great chain of communication.
The Illinois river is essentially a part of the
Mississippi, so far as the navigation extends. It
is the direct line of communication with the lakes.
If you send a ship from the Gulf of Mexico to
the lakes, or fiom the lakes to the gulf, it must
go through the Illinois river. That river is in-
finitely more important, m a national point of
view, than the Mississippi, above the month of
the Illinois, or the Missouri river, for the reason
that it connects with the great lakes, and through
the lakes with the St. Lawrence. I do not de-
preciate the others, but I state this fact. 1 will
not be provoked, I think, into further discussion
on this point.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not wish to take any
part in this discussion, although I concur gen-
erally in the remark of the Senator from Illinois,
that this river stands on as good ground as any
other, and, in fact, on better ground than many.
It has, according to that which they call nation-
ality, fully as much nationality. The rule seems
to be that that which is for the use and benefit of
the greatest number of people must be national.
I think that is an entire mistake about nationality;
but, as that seems to be the rule and basis of it,
this is national in that view. I rose to put myself
and others right on one point. The Senator says
he applied for the right to levy tonnage duties on
this river, and he could not get it. I recollect on
one occasion, when it was moved, that it was
defeated, and has always been of late years, by
the friends of internal improvements, who did
not want to break the combination.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I admit that.
Mr. TOOMBS. I simply wished to put that
matter correctly before the country. 1 think the -
right to levy tonnage duties ought to be given,
and I have vo*ed to give it for the Illinois riven;
but it has been defeated, because the friends of
internal improvements have voted against giving
it. They did so, because they did not want to
break their combination, and thereby become
weaker in their eft'orts to get into the Treasury.
So far as this river is concerned, I should vote to
rut it in a general bill, or vote not to strike it out.
think it stands on as good, if not better ground
than nine tenths of the improvements made.
Mr. WELLER. I shall be compelled to vote
against this bill. It is an old acquaintance of
mine. I recollect very well its being in the.
House of Representatives when I was a member
in 1842 or 1843, and the Senator from Illinois
was then a member of the House, and he and I
had some very sharp words in regard to this bill.
The question was, whether it came within the
principle laid down in the veto message of Gen-
eral Jackson. I claimed that it was anti-Demo-
cratic to support any measure of that sort. I was
then an older member than the Senator from
Illinois. He took exception to my remarks, sup-
posing that I intended to read him out of the
Democratic party. The whole question was
which was the best Democrat. I stand now pre-
cisely where I stood then, and I find my friend
fro® Illinois has not shifted his position. I am
sorry that I have been compelled to allude to a
transaction so long ago, becausc he is an unmar-
ried gentleman and the ladies may draw the
inference that he is an old man. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. I regret that my friend from
California should have remembered the old,
grudge; I had forgotten it long it ago. I regret
furthermore that, simply because he was wrong
then, he should deem it a matter of consistency
to persevere in his errors. I have only, therefore,
with these two remarks, to dismiss the subject,
with the simple additional one that I hope here-
after, when lie finds by experience that he is in
error, he will give it up instead of persevering in
it. [Laughter.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have but a word to say.
At page 295, of the second part of the message and
documents communicated at the present session
of Congress, the annual estimate for the ensuing
fiscal year is to be found; and for the improvement
of Illinois river, the sum of $90,000 is recom-
mended. The detailed report in reference to that
river is to be found on a subsequent page of this
book.
I am utterly astonished that anybody who votes
for the Upper Mississippi should conceive that
the Illinois river is not a national river. The Illi-
nois river is part of the Mississippi, just as much
as that portion of the Mississippi above the mouth
of the Illinois is a part of it. Suppose the main
stream were called the Illinois instead of the Mis-
sissippi river; the Senator from Michigan would
have no difficulty in voting for this appropriation,
because he has already voted for the improve-
ment of the Des Moines rapids. How came ho
to give that vote ? The river is not called the Mis-
sissippi river because that is the longest stream.
We all know that from the Gulf of Mexico to
the source of the Missouri river, is a much greater
distance than from the gulf to the source of
what is called the Mississippi river. If we were
only to call the mam trunk the Illinois river, there
would be no difficulty in voting for this appro-
priation, because Senators have already voted for
the appropriation at the Des Moines rapids in the
Upper Mississippi. Now, sir, there is ten times
the commerce passing through the Illinois river
that ever passes over the Des Moines rapids.
Mr. STUART. I will ask the Senator a ques-
tion. What State has exclusive jurisdiction over
the Des Moines rapids >
Mr. TRUMBULL. No State. And no Stats
has exclusive jurisdiction over the Illinois river,
allow me to say to the Senator.
Mr. STUART. That is a matter of opinion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Illinois river is as
much under the control of the Government of the
United States as the Mississippi river. By nu-
merous acts of Congress, by numerous provisions
when States have been admitted into ths TTnies,
