1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1083
Humphrey, Jr., owner of fishing schooner Good
Exchange, lost at sea.
It provides that the collector of customs for the
district of Marblchead, in the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, be authorized and directed to pay
to William Humphreys, Jr., the owner of the
schooner Good Exchange, of ninety-four tons and
thirty-nine ninety-fifths of a ton burden, upon his
showing sufficient authority from the heirs or
the legal representatives of each person interested,
such a sum of money as said vessel would have
been entitled to if she had been engaged in the cod
fisheries for the "fishing term" of four months
or more, to be distributed as the law provides;
such vessel having been lost while engaged in that
business during the fishing season of 1845; pro-
vided it shall be shown by sufficient proof that
the master and three fourths of the crew of the
said schooner Good Exchange were citizens of the
United States.
The petition is accompanied by the ordinary
fishermen's shipping paper and agreement, en-
tered into between the owner of the schooner, the
skipper, and the sharesmen. It appears that the
petitioner was owner of the said fishing schooner
Good Exchange, of Marblehead, in the State of
Massachusetts; that she was enrolled and licensed
for the codfishery, and sailed from Marblehead
on a codfishing voyage for the Grand Bank, on
the 17th day of July, 1845, with a crew of six
men besides the master; that said schooner was
of the burden of ninety-four tons and thirty-nine
ninety-fifths of a ton; that said vessel was seen
and boarded on the Giand Bank by Joseph G.
Green, master of fishing schooner Elizabeth, of
Marblchead, on the 20th day of October, 1845,
having on board nine thousand two hundred fish;
that she was again spoken a few days afterwards,
since which time she has never been seen or heard
of to the knowledge of the petitioner, and no
doubt has been lost, with all on board.
By the first section of the act of Congress of
May 26, 1824, it is provided that if " any vessel
which shall be licensed, according to law, for the
codfishery, and which shall have completed her
fishing term according to the provisions of law,
and thereby become entitled to the allowance of
bounty, shall, in returning to any port within the
United States, be wrecked or lost, the owner or
owners, and crew of such vessel, shall, on satis-
factory proof being made to the Comptroller of
the Treasury of the wreck or loss of such vessel,
be entitled to the same bounty as would have
been allowed had such vessel returned to port."
The case does not come strictly within the pro-
visions of the section of the law above quoted, as
this schooner had not completed her fishing
term" of four months when last seen and boarded.
It is, therefore, left to conjecture whether she had
actually completed her " fishing term" of four
months, and was lost on her 44 returning to any
port within the United States;" but, perhaps, it
might be fair to presume she had. Under the
general law, no allowance of bounty can be had
in a case like the present; and the petitioner asks
Congress to make him the same allowance, to
be paid on account of said schooner, as she would
have been by law entitled to if she had not been
lost at sea."
Protection to these fisheries has been extended
by the Governmentfrom the earliest periods; and
the commutec find th.it it has been usual for Con-
gress to grant relief in such cases.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No, 104) to enable the United
States to make use of the solar compass in the
public surveys. [Objected to by Mr. Wheeler.]
A bill (FX. R. No. 213) to construe the act en-
titled " An act for the relief of James M. Gog-
gin," approved 27th of July, 1854.
It provides that the Postmaster General be au-
thorized and lequired so to construe the act of
Congress, approved 27th of July, 1854, for the
relief of James M. Goggm, late special agent of
the Post Office Department in California, as that
he shall be p.ud the same salary for the time he
acted as such agent as is now paid to his suc-
cessor in office under the present law; and. also the
amount for officc rent and clerk hire which may
be shown by proper vouchers to have been actu-
ally paid by him for the same.
It appears that Mr. Goggm acted as special
agent for the State of California from the 1st day
of December, 1850, until the 6th day of April,
1853; that he discharged the duties for that State
usually assigned to the contract, appointment, and
fiscal bureaus of the Post Office Department; that
he necessarily rented an office, and had to employ
a clerk, and that his traveling expenses greatly
exceeded his per diem allowance; that he was
induced by the postmaster to continue in office,
under the promise that the Postmaster General
would ask Congress to make him a fair allow-
ance, which the Postmaster General several times
endeavored to do.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A resolution (S. No. 7) for the relief of the
Southwestern and Muskogee Railroad Com-
panies.
It provides that the Postmaster General be
authorized to correct the error m the bid of R. R.
Cuyler,for the president of the Southwestern and
Muskogee Railroad Companies, on mail route
6303, and that he be required to allow them
$15,300 per annum for the double daily service
from the commencement of their service to the
expiration of the contract, or so long as the New
York and New Orleans mail may continue to be
transported over said route.
Mr. WALKER. I would state that there is
no formal report accompanying the joint resolu-
tion, but there will be found accompanying it a
communication from the Postmaster General.
The CHAIRMAN. The CJiair is informed
that the communication is not with the joint res-
olution.
Mr. WALKER. It may be in my desk.
Mr. SAND1DGE. I move that the resolution
be passed ov^r informally for the present.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it be
reported to the House.
Mr. WALKER. I am sure there can be no
objection to the bill.
Mr. PRINGLE. I propose that, by unanimous
consent, the joint resolution be passed over in-
formally until the communication of the Post-
master General can be found.
It was so ordered.
A bill (H. R. No. 223) for the relief of John
Crawford.
It provides that John Crawford be authorized
to locate certificate No. 3150, for $899 99^ for_
feited land-stock in the State of Mississippi, on
any public lands in the United States subject to
private entry, at not exceeding $1 25 per acre.
The report was read. It relates that the peti-
tioner represents that so much of the public lands
in Mississippi has been disposed of that he could
not locate his certificate in that State, as the law
requites, without great loss m its value; and
prays That a special law may be passed author-
izing him to locate it on any of the public lands
belonging to the United States subject to private
entry.
The fourth section of the act of 23d May, 1828,
granted this extended right to persons receiving
certificates for forfeited land-stock, on account of
lands sold at Pittsburg and 011c or two other
places; and as the public lands in all the States
belong equally to the United States it is not ma-
terial to the Government in what State the certifi-
cate is located.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 224) authorizing the legal
representatives of Manuel Gonzales Moro to
enter ccrtam lands in Missouri. [Objected to by
Mr. Cobb, of Alabama.]
A bill (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Joseph
Richards, of Berks county, Pennsylvania.
It authorizes and directs the Commissioner of
Pensions to cause to be issued to and in the name
of Joseph Richards, devisee and legal represent-
ative of Henry Hutchinson, deceased, late a pri-
vate in company B, fourth regiment of United
States artillery, a land warrant in lieu of a
warrant issued the 27th of_May, 1848, in the
name of said Henry Hutchinson, for one hun-
dred and sixty acres, and numbered 16596, which
said warrant was issued subsequent to the death
of the said Henry Hutchinson; and the said
Commissioner of Pensions is further directed to
require the said Joseph Richards to deliver to
him, to be canceled, the said warrant numbered
16596, and the same shall be dully cancelcd be-
fore another warrant shall be issued in lieu there-
of, in the name of the said Joseph Richards as'
devisee and legal representative aforesaid; pro-
vided, however, that before a warrant shall be
issued as aforesaid, satisfactory proof shall be
filed in the office of the said Commissioner of
Pensions that the said Joseph Richards is-justly
and legally entitled to have and receive the said
warrant as devisee and representative of the said
Henry Hutchinson, deceased.
Mr. McCARTY objected.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
objection will be withdrawn. I can satisfy every
gentleman in the House that this is a proper
matter.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES. But it is in order to ask the gen^
tleman to withdraw his objection.
Mr. McCARTY withdrew his objection.
Mr. CARLILE. I propose to amend the bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. I should be pleased to
hear the explanation of the gentleman from Penn- -
sylvania. This seems to be a special bill, and
if the principle of it be right you ought to amend
it. so as to make it general.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to amend by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and'inserting as
follows:
That in all cases where an application has been made
for bounty land under the act approved March 3, 1855, by
a person entitled thereto, and the applicant dies pending the
application, and before the leceipt of the warrant for bounty
land, leaving no minor children, the same shall issue to Ina
or her adult children.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is out of order to the bill under
consideration.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it competent for the
committee to give unanimous consent to the intro-
duetion of that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I object.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the objection will be
withdrawn. But if not, it is unfair to other
claimants on the Calendar to be delayed by this.
Mr. JONES. I ask the unanimous consent
of the committee, if it be in order, to say a few
words on this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
committee cannot suspend the rules of the
House.
Mr. JONES. I understand that the objection
of the gentleman from Virginia is because we
have not a general bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. We should have a general
bill. ^
The bill was passed over.
Senate resolution for tlfc relief of the South-
western and Muscogee railroad companies, which
had been informally passed over, was again taken
up, and communications in reference to the
claim havingbeen read, and there being no objec-
tion, the resolution was laid aside to be reported
to the House.
A bill (H. R. No. 226) to authorize the legal
representatives of Pascal L. Cerre to enter cer-
tain lands m the State of Missouri.
It authorizes the legal representatives of Pascal
L. Cerre to enter, without payment, at any land
office in the State of Missouri, in such quanti-
ties, agreeable to the United States surveys, a a
the claimants may desire, a quantity of land sub-
ject to private entry, not exceeding seven thou-
sand and fifty-six arpentsofland,inlieuof, and in
compensation for, a claim of that quantity allowed
to them by the board of commissioners appointed
<$ for the final adjustment of private laud claims
in the State of Missouri," under the act of Con-
gress approved July 9, 1832, and confirmed by
" An act confirming claims to lands in the State
of Missouri, and for other purposes," approved
July 4, 1836; and also directs that the register
and receiver of the land offices aforesaid shall
receive the proper applications and proofs, and
shall issue the necessary certificate or certificates;
on return of which to the General Land Office,
with proof sufficient, in the opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, to establish the right of the
claimant as such legal representatives, a patent
or patents shall issue as in other cases.
Mr. HAVEN moved to amend by inserting
in the first part of the bill, after the words £< prx-
