1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Waldrrm.
Ho. or Reps.
4Ct of the Territoij; as well as with the Consti-
tution of the Union—enactments that are un-
worthy of a free people, and a disgrace to an
enlightened age—enactments such as no legisla-
tors, who were the servants of a free people,
would presume to pass, but which are the appro-
priate instruments of men, who seek to oppress
a Territory, and force upon it institutions, tnat its
citizens justly abhor.
And, as the result of this invasion and usurpa-
tion, we read, in the memorial of a gentleman who
comes here as the agent for the residents of Kan-
sas, that—
" The will of men has been already almost entirely sub-
stituted for the administration of justice."     * * *
" There seems to be no disposition on the part of those who
have seized upon the legislative power, to put in motion
any system of law m the administration of justice. Tres-
passes, assaults, and murders are openly committed, and
no one thinks of appeal for redress to the law, because from
that source no redress can be had."
And the same memorial, as embodied and in-
dorsed in a report of a standing committee of this
House, alleges—
'' In a word, menace, intimidation, and improper influ-
ences, are rife in the Territory, especially along the border;
men's rights are held in no regard ; official authority com-
mands no respect, and seems to have no restraining tend-
ency or power; and the peace of the country hangs by a
thread.
Furthermore, Mr. Chairman, as the result of
these disturbances, we find rival claimants in this
Hall for the post of Delegate from that Territory.
We have two gentlemen asking seats upon this
floor—each representing himself as the legal and
properly chosen representative of that people— ,
each claiming legality and validity for the election
at which he was chosen, and denying any such
legality and validity for the election at which his
contestant was chosen—one basing his pretensions
on an election held on the first day of October last,
and the other on an election held nine days there-
after—the first election being held under and by ;
virtue of territorial law, such as it is, and the
other being held by the residents of the Territory,
as the only opportunity of giving expression to
their will, without interference or molestation.
And now, how are these questions and embar-
rassments met by the men who passed and sanc-
tion the act organizing this identical Territory?
And here allow me for a moment to refer to tiie
legislation that preceded the passage of that act.
Two years ago a solemn compact was in force
that had fixed the character of that Territory, and
defined its institutions. It was a compact entered
into after deliberate counsels, and under circum- i
stances that rendered it of more than ordinary
obligation. It was a compact that came down to
us with many hallowed associations and recol-
lections clustering around and about it, commend-
ing it alike to the conscience and the judgment. It
was a compact that shielded this Territory from
the agitation, the strife, and the turmoil that are
the result of conflicting interests; for it conse-
crated it to freedom, and left no contingent hazards
as occasions for discord and commotion. It was
a compact between conflicting interests of free-
dom and slavery,in which slavery secured every-
thing, that was at the time of positive and prac-
tical advantage; while freedom gained only a
guarantee for herself in a wilderness that civiliza-
tion had made no attempts to penetrate. It was a
compact that conceded but little to the side of
freedom—and only conceded that little for a con-
sideration, that was a costly equivalent in return.
Freedom paid dearly and doubly for all the rights
she acquired under that compromise, but she
abided by the terms of the bond—slavery taking
the consideration and enjoying it; and if, on the
consummation of this compromise in 1820, any
northern man had prophesied, that the slavehold-
ing interest would, in time, repudiate this com-
£romise and trample upon this compact, he would
ave been denounced as a vilifier of the fair fame
and chivalrous reputation of a section, that as-
sumes for itself a sense of honor and propriety,
incompatible with an unjust and dishonorable
act.
But before a single generation has passed away,
while many of the makers of that compromise
are still on the stage of action, the compact is
violated, and the seal torn from the bond. The
legislation of 1854, organizing th®Territory of
Kansas, breaks down the barrier which was and
would have been the guarantee of peace, of con-
cord, and of freedom; and we have, as the result
of that legislation, violence in Kansas, agitation
in Congress, and excitement everywhere. Such
are the fruits of the Nebraska bill; now what was
the pretense set up in its justification ? Why,
that the settlers in that Territory should be left
perfectly free to form for themselves their domes-
tic institutions; that there should be no checks,
no hindrances, no invidious distinctions, to tram-
mel or embarrass them; and that their right of
self-government should be as full and complete,
as the Constitution and laws of the land allow.
It was a plea of popular sovereignty that was
made use of to palliate and justify the wrong; it
was a regard for the rights of the people, and a
desire to free them from restraint, tnat men pro-
fessed and urged as their motives for passing the
Nebraska bill. Now, if these professions were
sincere, there is a peculiar fitness and force in the
appeal which- the residents of Kansas make to
tnem. You, gentlemen, who are the friends of
that measure, are the very men who should re-
gard with favor the appeal of these settlers; they
went there on your invitation; they went there,
relying upon your assertion, that they would be
sovereigns in the land of their adoption; and
how have their Just expectations been met ? They
find that the pitiful remnant of sovereignty they
possessed under that bill has been "crushed
out"—their rights usurped by invaders; and the
territorial government designed, as they sup-
posed, for their protection, is made an instrument
of oppression in the hands of strangers; and now,
having been forced to form an organization that
shall be effectual for the purposes of good gov-
ernment—having resortea to elections and con-
ventions as expressions of their will, they ask
you, who were so loud in your expressions of
regard for their rights, to evince your sincerity
by redressing their wrongs and recoguizing their
claims to protection. Yes, gentlemen, your pro-
fessions nave been put to the test. You de-
nounced us, who opposed the violation of our
fathers' compact, tis enemies of genuine Democ-
racy, as unwilling to concede to the residents of
a Territory their just rights, while you assumed
for yourselves the proud position of champions
in behalf of their privilege to govern themselves.
Now the cup has been returned to your own
lips—why do you not drink ? Now the ques-
tion assumes a practical form, and what is your
response ?
Why, the Executive of this Union has sent to
the country and to the residents of Kansas his
answer. He has given us his construction of the
doctrine of popular sovereignty. He was the
approver and indorser of the act organizing the
Territory, and he was, from his position, the
guardian and protector of its citizens; yet, under
his administration, that Territory has been in-
vaded by armed bands of strangers, its elections
made a mockery, its ballot-boxes outraged, its
legislative power usurped, and the form and
semblance of law given to barbarous and uncon-
stitutional edicts, and no word of remonstrance
falls from his lips; and, when the Governor of
that Territory interposes in behalf of its citizens,
he strikes him down and substitutes a man who
proclaims, in advance, his sympathy with the
designs and purposes of the invaders. The Pres-
ident has no syllable of condemnation to utter,
until the time arrives when the citizens of Kansas
assemble together peaceably and form a State
constitution—as under the circumstances was
alike their right and their duty—and thefo he
makes it the occasion of a special message to
Congress, in which he refers to their proceedings
after this fashion:
" In extenuation of these illegal acts, it is alleged that
the States of California, Michigan, and others, were self-
organized, and, as such, were admitted into the (Jnion
without a previous enabling act of Congress. It is true
that while, in a majority of cases, a previous act of Con-
gress has been passed to authorize the Territory to present
itself as a State, and that this is deemed the most regular
course, yet such an act has not been held to be indispens-
able, and, in some cases, the Territory has proceeded with-
out it, and has nevertheless been admitted into the Union
as a State. It lies with Congress to authorize beforehand,
or to confirm afterwards in its discretion; but in no instance
has a State been admitted upon the application of persons !
acting against authorities duly constituted by act of Con-
gress. In every case it is the people of the Territory, not I
a party anion? them, who have the power to form a consti-
tution, and ask for admission as a State. No principle of
public law, no practice or precedent under the Constitution
of the United States, no rule of reason, right, or common
sense, confers any such power as that now claimed by a
mere party in the Territory. In fact, what has been done
is of revolutionary character. It is avowedly so in motive
and in aim as respects the local law of the Territory. It
will become treasonable insurrection if it reach the length
of organized resistance by force to the fundamental or any
other Federal law, and to the authority of the General
Government."
Now, Mr. Chairman, I pass by the unfair
assumption of the Executive, that the rulers of
that Territory are " authorities duly constituted by
act of Congress;" neither shall I stop to comment
on the injustice of stigmatizing the free-State
constitution, as the work of a " mere party among
the people of the Territory," as if that party was an
insignificant minority; but I shall, before I take
my seat, show, from the official records, that if
the application to which the President refers is
" an application of persons acting against authorities
duly constituted by act of Congress," then there
have been applications of that kind before to-day,
and such applications have been regarded and
recognized; and States have been admitted on
such applications, and the President himself has
voted to admit a State applying under the same
circumstances that he now denounces as being of
" revolutionary character." I will also endeavor
to show that the recollection of his Excellency
is at fault, when he asserts that there is " no pre-
cedent or practice under the Constitution "confer-
ring such power as that now claimed; for, if I
read history aright, he himself helped to make
such a precedent in this very Hall; and his own
votes are on the record, condemning the very
positions and arguments of his message—votes
that are in direct conflict with what he is now
pleased to designate as the rules " of reason, right,
and common tense."
But, leaving for the present the record of'the
Executive, let us inquire what is the response
from the Congress of the United States to these
appeals from the residents of Kansas? Let us
come nigher home, and ascertain the position that
gentlemen occupy upon this floor in reference to
the grievances complained of. 1 refer to those
gentlemen who took occasion, at the commence-
ment of the session, to plant themselves squarely
upon a Nebraska platform—who announced to the
country that they abided by the principles of the
Nebraska bill, and that they had adopted them
as the cardinal doctrines of their political faith.
What is their position when their attention is called
to the embarrassments and complications that are
the result of the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise? Why, when this House is asked to purge
itself of a Delegate, who is alleged to have been
the choice of an invalid election and of illegal
votes, and when a committee ask for an investi-
fation, as essential to a fair and just decision, we
nd the friends of the Nebraska bill denying the
propriety and pertinency of an investigation, and
voting against it. We find them meeting the as-
sertions of the settlers, not fairly and squarely
upon their merits, but with technicalities and
special pleadings, with a view to prejudge the case
and stifle inquiry. When the assertion is made
that the acting Legislature of the Territory was
not its rightful Legislature, the reply is, that the
Presidenthas recognized it as such, and that estops
any questioning on our part. When the charge
is made that the members of that Legislature were
elected by fraud and violence, these gentlemen
shake the paper certificates of the Governor in ouf
faces, as concluding that branch of the inquiry,
and they hold up to us a volume of territorial
statutes, the fruit of their own usurpation, as evi-
dence of the enactment of valid and obligatory
laws. Yes, Mr. Chairman, the residents of that
Territory have their demands for substantial jus-
tice met by cobweb sophistries and technical ob-
jections, urged by the very meirwho profess to
claim this doctrine of popular sovereignty as the
corner-stone of their political creed; and, not con-
tent with an effort to close the door in their faces,
and to turn a deaf ear to their complaints, they
go one step further, and denounce their peaceable
efforts, as incipient steps towards anarchy and
revolution.
Now this may be genuine, unadulterated De-
mocracy in 1856, but I will show the committee'
