im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 2,
vatejetttay," the words " at aprioe not exceeding
$125 per acre; "which amendment was agreed to.
■ , The.bill, as amended, was laid aside to be
reported to the House.
Mr. KENNETT. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb] withdraws his objection to
the bill authorizing the legal representatives of
Manuel Gonzales Moro to enter certain lands in
Missouri, if it be amended as the bill just laid
aside was amended. I hope it will.be laid aside
to be reported to the House.
The CHAIR. It is not in order to go back to
■withdraw objections once made.
A bill (H. R. No. 238) granting a pension to
Aijsel Wilkinson. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension roll, at the rate of
twenty-five dollarsper month, to commence from
the 19th of February, 1856, the name of Ansel
Wilkinson, who was seriously injured while
doing service as a pilot on board the "Orated States
schooner Ariel, in theaction fought on Lake Erie,
under the command of Oliver H. Perry, on the
10th of September, 1813.
From the report it appears that the petitioner
was appointed pilot by Commodore Oliver H.
Perry, commanding the United States naval forces
on Lake Erie, and served in that capacity from
April, 1812, to the 10th of September, 1813, the
day of Perry's victory. During the engagement
he acted as the pilot of the schooner Ariel; and
his position, necessarily maintained during the
engagement, was just out of the range of her
guns; the frequent discharge of these guns caused
a flow of blood from his ears and nostrils, and
eventuated in a permanent injury to his hearing,
disqualifying him foractivepursuits, and obliging
him to quit the service.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 243) for the relief of George
K. McGunnogle, surviving partner of the late firm
of Hill& McGunncgle, of St. Louis, Missouri.
It appropriates $2,282 67 out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to bo
paid by the Secretary of the Treasury to George
K. McGunnegle, surviving partner of the late
firm of Hill & McGunnegle, of St. Louis, Mis-
souri, in full for furnishing and transporting
supplies to the Illinois militia, in the Black Hawk
war.
The report was read.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise for the purpose of
eliciting some information from the Chair. Ought
not this claim to have gone to the Court of
Claims ?
The CHAIRMAN. It was the election of the
claimant to have his case examined and reported
oil here, or by the Court of Claims.
Mr. McMtfLLIN.* It seems to me that that
court was created in order that claims should be
fully investigated, and not decided on ex parte
testimony, i object to the bill.
A bill (H. R. No. 253) to continue the pension
to Nancy Weathcrford.
It continues the pension granted to Nancy
Weatherford by the act of Congress entitled "An
act for the relief of Mis. Nancy Weatherford,
widow of Colonel William Weatherford, of the
first regiment of Illinois volunteers in the Mexi-
can war," for live years, from July 4, 1854.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Military Affaiis. with an amendment.
The report relates that Nancy Weatherford is
the widow of the late William Weatherford, who
was a colonel in the first regiment of Illinois
volunteers in the war with Mexico; that on the
4 th of July, 1849, he died of disease contracted
during service in Mexico; and that the proof
upon the question of his death from the cause
named, is ample and complete. On the 3d
of March, 1855, Congress passed an act granting
a pension of thirty dollars per month to said
aNancy eatheiford, to continue five years from
the day of his death. Tncre is evidence to show
that it was the desire and intention of the com-
mittee of last Congress who reported the bill, to
grant the same pension to Mrs. Weatherford as
the widows of other officers receive under the
acts of July 21, 1848, February 22, 1849, and
February 3, 1853; but that, for some reason, the
bill, as passed, only provided half-pay for five
years, instead of ten years, as provided in other
cases by tla$ acts above named.
Mr. McMULLIN. What is the amendment
reported by the committee ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
doubt that the bill which has been read from the
Cleric's desk is the bill which the committee in-
tended to report.
Mr. McMULLIN. I should like to know
what is the character of the amendment recom-
mended by the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. There is no amendment
accompanying the bill."
Mr. HAVEN. Let it lie over, then.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope there
will be no objection. This is a very meritorious
officer.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The bill which has been
read is the amendment recommended by the com-
mittee.
Mr. McMULLIN. Does the bill provide for
half-pay, and for what time ?
• The CHAIRMAN. For five years.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bilI(H. R. No. 254) for the relief of the heirs
of the late Samuel R. Thurston, Delegate from
Oregon. [Objected to by Mr. Stanton.]
A joint resolution (FT. R. No. 10) for the relief
of Dr. William P. A. Hail, late of the Tennessee
volunteers in the Mexican war.
It provides that the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury be authorized and directed to ad-
just the claim of Dr. W. P. A. Hail, for medical
services rendered to the volunteers while serving
in Mexico, upon the following principles, to wit:
to allow Dr. Hail the pay of assistant surgeon
while engaged in professional services, with the
consent of his commanding officer, deducting
therefrom the amount paid him as a private in
the first regiment of Tennessee volunteers during
the period he performed the duties of surgeon.
And that the Secretary of the Treasury pay to
Dr Hail, out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, such sum as may, upon
said adjustment, be found to be due him for med-
ical services aforesaid.
Dr. Hail was a private in the first regiment of
Tennessee volunteers serving in Mexico. While
a member of that corps, the principal surgeon of
the regiment died. While under the sole care of
an assistant surgeon, much sickness prevailed in
the regiment—about four hundred being sick at
one time. During this time Dr. Hail was actively
engaged in professional services to the sick, doing
all he could to alleviate their suffering and dis-
tress; and it is stated by General Pillow that Dr.
Hail's services were necessary.
A bill (H.R. No. 260) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Thomas Gordon, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. McMullist.]
Joint resolution (No. 8) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Interior to settle the accounts of Oliver
M;" Wozencraft.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secretary
of the Interior to audit and settle, upon principles
of justice and equity, the accounts of Oliver M.
Wozencraft, late commissioner and Indian agent
for the Indians in California. The committee
propose to amend by striking cut all after the
word " Resolved," and inserting as follows:
—by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States of Jimcrud in C'yn^rcvi ai>bcmbled> That the Secre-
taiy of the Interior he, and he is, authorized to audit and
settle, upon just and equitable pimriplc*, the accounts of
Oliver M. Wozencraft, late commissioner and Indian agent
lor California, foi actual disbursements made by him ; and
that a sum not exceeding $7,000 be appropriated for the
puiposeof carrvmt* this lesolution into etfect, out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appiopriated: Pro-
vided, That nothing herein contained shall authorize the
settlement of any contracts entered into bv said Wozen-
cruft, or draita drawn by htm, on which individuals now
ba-se claim.-? agamst the United States.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill, as
amended, was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 266) for the relief of Captain
J. P. Hatch, of the United States Army.
The bill directs the accounting officers of the
Treasury, in the settlement of the accounts of
Captain J. P. Hatch, of the United States Army,
to allow to his credit the sum of $610, the amount
lost by him whilst the recruiting officer at Cleve-
land, on the 25th of October, 1854.
The report relates that the memorialist was the
recruiting officer at Cleveland, Ohio; t.hat on the
25th of October, 1854, a large detachment of re-
cruits enlisted by him were under orders for Jef-
ferson Barracks, Missouri, for the transportation
of which from Cleveland to St. Louis he had
arranged with the agent of the Central Michigan
railroad,. About five o'clock, p. m., of that day,
Sergeant Randolph Douglass was directed to go
to the office of the railroad and get the tickets, for
which purpose the sum of $610 recruiting funds
was handed to him , by the memorialist. Ser-
geant Douglass stopped at a drinking-place about
two thirds of the distance on the route to the rail-
road office; remained there but a moment; came
out, and from that time nothing has been seen or
heard of him, and all trace of him has been lost.
It was supposed at the time that he had deserted;
and for the purpose of apprehending him, tele-
graphic communications were sent to all points
of interception, and the police of New York and
New Orleans were ordered to look out for him;
all of which decisive means to intercept him
resulted in no discovery or information of him.
Subsequent events, such as the finding of Ser-
geant Douglass's pants on Pittsburg street, taken
m connection with the extremely bad character
of the locality where he was missed, and his own
good character, unblemished during a military
service of nine years, brought Captain Hatch to
the conclusion, and made it quite probable, that
he had been murdered and robbed after leaving
the drinking saloon where he was last seen.
It appears that at the time Captain Hatch in-
trusted thif money to Sergeant Douglass, he was
suffering from an injury in his knee, received in
the line of his duty in Texas; that at that partic-
ular time, laboring under the effects of thatinjury,
ho was unable, on account of the great declivity
from his quarters to the depot, to proceed there
and purchase the tickets himself, and therefore ho
was necessitated to employ the most trustworthy
man under him to perform this duty, which man
was Sergeant Douglass.
Shortly after the loss of this money, Captain
Hatch called for an army-board of inquiry to ex-
amine into the circumstances of the loss; which
board convened at Jefferson Barracks, Missouri,
on the 19th of November, 1854, and reported, as
the result of their examination, the facts substan-
tially set forth above, established the high char-
acter of the missing sergeant, and expressed the
opinion that he must have been murdered.
The committee are of opinion that it would be
unjust to charge Captain Hatch with this amount,
which was lost through no neglect of his, but
which was intrusted, as any man of business
would do, to an agent of high character to dis-
burse in a pressing emergency, and which was
lost in a casualty which he could not have fore-
seen.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 267) for the relief of Jacob
Price, of Jefferson county, Virginia. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to cause the name
of Jacob Price, of Jefferson county, Virginia, to
be placed on the pension roll at four dollars per
month, during the term of his natural life, com-
mencing January 1, 1854.
From the report it appears that the memorialist,
during the warwith the Seminole Indians, became
attached to the Army as a private in company I,
third regiment artillery, and was on some of the
most hazardous marches whilst hostilities were
raging in that Territory; that, whilst he was in
that company, he was wounded in an engagement
with the Indians, by a rifle-ball in the left shoul-
der.
The fact of his service and discharge, as set
forth in his memorial, is fully sustained by the
records of the Adjutant General's office; and,
whilst the proof that he received his wound
during his service in Florida was not deemed
satisfactory by the Pension Bureau, and is not as
perfect as it might be, no doubt is entertained,
from the evidence laid before them, that he was
wounded whilst in the military service of the
country, and that he ought to be allowed a pen-
sion.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 268) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Captain Joseph H. Whipple,
deceased.
