848
APPENDIX TO THE COPfGRESSiQN A.L OLQBE.
[April 8,
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Waldroiu
Ho. of Reps.
that it differs widely from the article that was
recognized and indorsed as Democracy in 1837.
I will go back scarcely a score of years, and show
gentlemen that a Democratic Congress utterly
scouted and repudiated the position that gentle-
men are driven to here, in their desire to defeat
the free-State men of Kansas. I will condemn
their votes and their doctrines from the mouths
of their own leaders and champions—men who
still enjoy their confidence, and, what is more,
expect to receive their votes.
In the year 1835, the people of the Territory of
Michigan adopted a State constitution, under and
by virtue of which they elected State officers,
United States Senators, a Representative to the
House, and put in motion the machinery of a
State government. They did this without any
previous act of Congress authorizing or justifying
it, butafter repeated failures to obtain such an act.
They did it in accordance with what they claimed
to be their rights in default of any such legisla-
tion, and they exercised the power as one that
they possessed, independent of congressional or
executive will. At the ensuing session of Con-
gress their application was presented for admis-
sion; and the gentlemen who were selected to
represent them m Congress claimed their respect-
ive seats; and I now call your atention to the
votes and arguments, when this application was
before the Twenty-Fourth Congress, as furnish-
ing a oomplete vindication of the free-State men
of Kansas, and as administering a scathing rebuke
to the men who seek to defeat and embarrass
them.
Mr.LANE, (interrupting.) As I am interested
in all matters pertaining to Territories, I would
inquire whether the Legislative Assembly of the
Territory of Michigan did not pass a law author-
izing the people to elect members to a convention
to frame a constitution and State government?
Mr. WALDRON. The Legislative Council
of Michigan did assume to pass a law calling a
convention for the purpose of framing a State
constitution, but in doing so it exercised a power
not legitimate to its duties. That power belonged
to the national Congress, as is evident from the
feet that Congress did, by law, authorize other
Territories to hold conventions, and it was to
Congress that the people of Michigan repeatedly
applied for the same power.
Mr. LANE. I beg pardon of the gentleman
for interrupting him. I live in a Territory, and
am interested in this matter. He has pointed out
the manner in which Michigan prepared her
constitution, preparatory to admission into the
Union. There are several other States which
came into the Union without authority of Con-
gress to form a constitution. I desire to ask him
whether there is a single instance of a Territory
having formed a State constitution without the
authority of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory or of Congress, one or the other?
Mr. WALDRON. Yes, sir; California.
Mr. LANE. I ask him whether any Terri-
tory except California, and she was not a Terri-
tory by any act of Congress, has ever held a con-
vention to form a constitution and ask admission
into tlje Union without the authority of the Le-
gislative Assembly or an act of Congress?
Mr. WALDRON. I am not aware of any
•other instance except Kansas; nor is it material
whether there were more or not. If the Territorial
Legislature has no power to pass such a law,
(then the citizens of a Territory acquire no ad-
vantages by its passage.
But, to return to the application of Michigan: !
when it was presented to the Senate of the United
-States, there were two objections raised to the
Approval of her constitution, and her admission
into the Union. One was, that she included
within her State boundaries a large strip of terri-
tory that was claimed by adjoining States, and
the other related to the alleged irregular and rev-
olutionary character of the proceedings; and, in
tirging objections, Senator Hendricks remarked:
" But the people of Michigan, in presenting tbeir Seaate
and House of Representatives as the legislative power ex-
isting there, showed that they had trampled upon and vio-
lated the laws of the United States establishing a territorial
government in Michigan. These laws were, or ought to
be, in full force there; but, by the character and position
assumed, they bad .set up a government antagonist to that
ef the United States. If, before they had put their govern-
ment in motion, they had presented themselves here, and
asked admission into the Union—the matter of boundary
out of the question—there would have been no difficulty in
the case; and if they wished now to become a member of
Uie Union, and are content to oome in at the right door, it
is probable they will have no difficulty."
But the select committee of the Senate t*>whom
the matter was referred—and which, by the war,
was Democratic in its composition, with a south-
ern Demoorat (Felix Grundy) for its chairman— 1
reported a bill providing for the admission of
Michigan into the Union, with the constitution
then submitted, and with only one proviso
attached to it, viz: that the citizens of Michigan
should assent to a change of the boundaries. This
was the only modification insisted upon;and this
Democratic committee expressly refused to recog-
nize the objections urged on the score of irregular
and revolutionary proceedings.
When the bill came up for consideration, Mr.
Ewing proposed, as a substitute, a bill which
authorized the citizens of the.Territory to hold an
election for delegates, meet in convention, frame
a constitution, and send it to Congress for ap-
proval; and he urged his substitute upon ui«
Senate as the only proper and legitimate plan
under the circumstances. Mr. Ewing's plan was
the same as that now recommended to us by the
Executive in the case of Kansas; and let us see
what favor it met from a Democratic Senate.
In reply to Mr. Ewing, Mr. Benton said :
I "The object of the amendment offered by the Senator
I from Ohio |Mr. Ewing] was to tum the people of Micbi- j
gan back, to consider as nothing all that they had done,
and to require them to begin anew, under the sanction of
an act of Congress, with holding elections, meeting in con-
vention. framiBg a constitution, and sending it on to Con-
gress. This (he said) was the object, and what related to
the boundary was subordinate and incidental, which might
! be considered under the committee's bill as well asunder
the proposed amendment. The great object was, to tum
the people ofMichigan back, and make them commence in
I a regular maimer, as it was called, in contradistinction to
the irregular, disorderly, and revolutionary manner of con-
ducUne themselves, which had been imputed to them. "
* ** ******* i
" Mr. B. then entered into an ample vindication of the
rights of the people of Michigan and Arkansas to meet in J
convention, without a preliminary law from Congress— j
i adopt constitutions, and send them here for examination,
j Conventions were original acts of the people. They de-
j pended upon inherent and inalienable rights. The people
' of any State may at any time meet in convention, without
a law of their Legislature, and without any provision, or
! against any provision in their constitution, and may alter or
; abolish the whole frame of government as they pleased.
! The sovereign power to govern themselves was in the ma-
) jority, and they could not be divested of it."
j Now, Mr. Chairman, listen to the remarks of
j the champion of Democracy who followed Mr.
Benton in that debate, and who is entitled to most
respectful hearing from gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber, for it was no less a man
than the Hon. James Buchanan, then Senator
from Pennsylvania. Hear his comments upon
the proposition to turn back the residents of
; Michigan, as General Pierce now advises us to
turn back the people of Kansas:
" He had good reasons for desiring that the bill might be
very speedily decided on, and, therefore, in what be had to
sav be should take up as little of the time of the SJsnate as
possible. The first objection he should consider was the
one suggested, rather than insisted on, by the Senator from
Delaware; and that was, that no act had been pissed by
Congress for the purpose of enabling the people of Michigan
to form a State constitution, in obedience to what had been
supposed to be the custom in regard to other States that
have been admitted into the Union. Now, Was there, he
would ask, any reason for passing such an act ? Was it
required by principle, or was it required by former practice ?
He utterly denied that it was required either by tbeone or
the other, before a new State may be admitted into the
Union; and whether it was given previously or subse-
quently to the application of a State for admission into the
Union was of no earthly importance. He admitted that the
passage of such an act previously to the admission of anew
State was the best course to adopt; but, if a people had
formed a republican constitution, and if Congress should
think that they had assumed proper boundaries, was there
any objection to their admission, whether the preliminary
law had been passed or otherwise ?"
**********
"Ought they to be offended with the eagerness of the
new States for admission into all the rights, privileges, and
benefits of this Union, at a time when some of the old
States were threatening to leave it? Ought we n' t (said
he) to hail the coming in of these new States, our own flesh
and blood, and, on account of the absence of a little form,
not send them dissatisfied from our doors ?"
**********
" He did hope that by this bill all objections would be
removed; and that this State, so ready to rush into our
arms, would not be repulsed, because of the absence of
some formalities whiclf, perhaps, were very proper, but
certainly not indispensable."
The gentleman who closed this discussion was
Mr. Niles, of Connecticut—a Democrat who,
with honorable consistency, maintains the rights
of the residents of Kansas to-day as gallantly as
he defended the pioneers ofMichigan twenty years
ago. In fact his remarks apply so pertinently to
the present case, that it only requires to substi-
tute the word "Kansas" for "Michigan," to
make it a capital free-State speech, as will be seen
by the following extract:
" Not being able to be admitted in the way they sought
they have been forced to take their own course, and stand
upon their rights—rights secured to thein by the Constitu-
tion, and a solemn irrepealable ordinance. They have taken
the census of the Territory; they have formed a constitu-
tion, elected their officers, and the whole machinery of a
State government is ready to be put in operation; they are
only awaiting your notion. Having assumed this attitude,
they now demand admission as a matter of right; they de-
mand it as an act of justice at your hands. Are they now
to be repelled, or to be told that they must retrace their
steps, and comc into the Union in the way they at first
sought to do, but could not obtain the sanction of Congress ?
Sir, I fear the consequences of such a decision ; X tremble
at an act of such injustice.
" There is a point beyond which a free people cannot be
driven. Why are the people of Michigan to be vexed and
harassed in this way? They feel that they are treated
harshly—that great injustice is done them; they have been
opposed and resisted in every course they liave pursued to
obtain admission into the Union; mid you have now divided
their territory, and taken from them a part of it, to which
they attach great value. In these measures of opposition
to Michigan,the Senator from Ohio has acted a prominent
part; he has succeeded in opposing their former applica-
tions, and in keeping them out of the Union ; he has car-
i ried through a bill to divide their territory, of the justice or
! injustice of which I will not speak, but the people ofMich-
igan regard it as an act of great in justice. Will the gentle-
man still persist in his opposition ? Does h« wish to drive
that people to desperation—to force them into acts of vio-
lence ? Does he think that, by breaking up what has been
done, by creating an excitement, and forcing the people to
organize their government again, the result may be differ-
ent ?—that it may be more favorable to a certain party or
portion of the population which, lie insinuates, took no part
1 in the proceedings in organizing the State government?
Whatever may be the object, such a course is fraught with
much danger. Let us not presume too much in the for-
bearance of tbe people under measures which, in whatever
light we may view them, they will regard as unjust and
oppressive. Who is willing to be responsible for an act
operating on a whole people, with their passions excited
and inflamed, and calculated to rekindle the extinguished
flames, and to produce evils worse than the border war
Which has happily subsided ? Should the amendment of tha
Senator prevail, a heavy responsibility will rest somewhere;
and I fear as much of it will tfh.ll on that honorable Senator
as he will find it convenient to bear."
And when the vote was taken on the substitute
offered by Mr. Ewing, it received only seven af-
firmative votes, (page 276, vol. 3,) and among the
negative votes I find such names as Mr. Benton,
Mr. Buchanan, Mr. King of Alabama, Mr.
Grundy, and others of like fame and sentiment—
men whose claims to Democracy cannot well be
disputed; and the bill providing for admission
was ordered to a third reading with only eight
votes in the negative; and it was subsequently
ordered to a third reading in the House of Rep-
resentatives by a vote of 153 to 45; and Franklin
Pierce, then a representative from New Hamp-
shire, made one of the one hundred and fifty-three!
And here let me call the attention of the com-
mittee to the decisions of a Democratic House
of Representatives when the application of Mich-
igan was first made to that body. I find, by ref-
erence to the congressional records of that day,
that, in January, 1836, a member presented a
memorial from the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the State of Michigan; and this, be
it remembered, was months previous to its ad-
mission into the Union. It was not a memorial
from citizens of the Territory of Michigan—not a
memorial from the Territorial Legislature—not a
, memorial from any territorial authority known
to Congress—but it came from a sovereignty, self-
organized and of revolutionary origin, according
to modern political ethics, as expounded by tha
President in his message.
i When this memorial was offered, a motion was
at once made " that it be rejected;" and a few
extracts from the speeches on that occasion will
best show the reasons why that motion was urged.
Mr. Hannegan, who moved to reject the peti-
tion, remarked—
" The memorial purports to come from a power which
neither himself nor the House could recognize. If it came
from the Territory of Michigan, assuming no powers, he
would willingly let it go to the committee. In what situa-
tion would thii^ouse place itself by accepting this memo-
rial, coming, ant purported,.from the sovereign State of
Michigan ? It would be recogniaingher tight to send hef
