1856J
appendix to the congressional globe.
849
.1st Sess.
■ f.nirriTi irtltiom fe&FQ IBS ft ^ W4 •CCCJ)!
we must accept all she chooses to send
us Therf is something in this beyond the mere acceptance
of the memorial."
Mr. Bond said:
«' The memorial did not purport to come from citizens of j
the Territory of Michigan, but from the Senate and House
of Representatives of the State of Michigan. We ought to ]
take care how we establish precedents of this nature. If I
the memorial was from the citixeus of the Territory of j
Michigan, he would admit their right to have it referred; ,
hot this memorial was notfrom the citizens of Michigan—it
was (ran the Legislature of a State which had never been
lecogaized by Congress. If there was such a Stale, it was ,
unknown to the Constitution and laws. Let us^then, tie ,
mindful that we make no precedent in this case. Michigan
has a representative on this floor, and any petitions the
people may have to present through that representative he
would be ready Co receive and refer." j
Mr. Pinckney said: i
« He would have no objection to the memorial if it eMae
constitutionally before us. What does itpurport to be i A
memorial from the Senate and House of Representatives of
the State of Michigan. He would ask whether there was j
any such Legislature known to the House ? Is there any |
such State admitted into the Union ? Can we recognize j
her as a State? Certainly not. Either she is a Temtoiy
Kansas Afftxirs-~-Mr. Waldron.
of giving assent to the terms proposed; and that
party demanded another convention, and determ-
ined to hold it. This last convention assembled
in the month of December, not held or elected by
virtue of any act of the territorial or State Legis-
lature, butoriginating from the people themselves,
in pursuance of resolutions adopted in their pri-
mary assemblies. Two of the .eldest counties in
the State, comprising a population of some twenty -
five thousand souls, refused to recognize the valid-
ity of this December convention, claiming that it
was held without-warrant of law, and in defiance
of the regular convention, which had previously
expressed the sentiments of the people. There
was not a poll opened in either of those counties,
although they com prised, in population, one sixth
of the entire number; but this self-constituted
convention was held without any delegates from
these counties, and that convention gave its assent
I to the terms proposed by Congress, and transmit-
ted to the Executive its proceedings as a comph-
how comes this memorial    
be transcending her powers by receiving the memonalas
canine from a State. If we receive this memonai we need
not sttcinpt to treat her is a Territory.
Mr. Kinnard said:
« He felt ae ardent an attachment to the right of pe«U«
aa any other member: tie would not surrender, m. behalf of
his own constituents, itt fair and constitutional exercise;
and he would not vote to deny the same sacred privilege to
any portion of the American people. But, m behalf of rns
constituents, he claimed the authority to dustmgmsh be-
tween ^.petitions of a* people*
ance with the act, and as entitling the State to
admission. !
Now, I refer to these two elections for delegates
because, in some respects, they resemble two elec-
tions in the Territory of Kansas that have been i
the Subject of earnest discussion in this HaH. i
The September election, like the election that
chose Mr. Whitfield, had the benefits that the
forms of legal authority confer, and it had the
additional merit, that no fraud or violence per-
verted or disgraced it. The December election,
like the election that chose Mr. Reeder, was the
spontaneous act of the sovereigns themselves,
done without the interposition or assent of the
 but with an avowed de-
Ho. or Reps.
, tember and December respectively; and as to the
I true wishes of the people of Michigan in refer-
ence to the acceptance of the terms prescribed.
The answers to this communication were sent to
the Senate as part of the report; and the commit-
tee, concluding, from the facts presented, that the
second convention, with all its irregularities, try*ly
expressed the will of the people, introduced a bill
recognizing it in preference to the first convention
held under legislative authority, and admitting
Michigan into the Union by virtue of its act.
When this bill was under consideration in the
Senate, it was assailed on the same grounds, and
for the same reasons that are resorted to in order
to prevent the admission of Kansas with its f'rea
State constitution.
| Mr. Calhoun said of the first convention:
« This convention met at Ann Arbor in September last*
and, after full reflection and discussion, dissented from the
conditions required by Congress. This was the first part of
the proceedings, and he would now go on to notice the
second. In December last, a selt'-constituted assembly,
elected immediately under the act of Congress, laying asido
the authority of the State, and callingthemselves a conven-
tion, thore being no act of the State defining who should
and who should not be voters at this self-constituted con-
vention, voted the assent prescribed in the aet ot Congress,
and accordingly transmitted it to the Chief Magistrate of
this Union, who transmitted it to Congress; and the Com-
mittee on this Judiciary had reported a bill in conformity
with (lift assent thus informally given."
can and the illegal, unconstitutional demands of the self- constituted authorities, _ _
stvied Senate and House of Representatives of Michigan, , termination not to recognize their acts. Now, it
particularly, as in the is important to ascertain which of these elections
j was regarded by a Democratic Congress as es-
ofladiana, but altogether mischievous and inexpedient." ; pressing the will of the citizens ot Michigan,
and what rules they adopted as precedents for
our action in this case.
of Indiana, but altogether
It would reasonably be expected, after a peru-
aal of the Kansas message, thai its author would
be found sustaining these gentlemen in their ef-
forts to avoid any recognition of aa authority in
Michigan, such aa he now so earnestly deprecates
in the case of Kansas; but the record shows pre-
cisely the contrary. Mr. Pierce voted gainst the
motum to reject; and with him voted a large ma-
jority of that House. Mr. Hannegan then moved
to amend a motion to reoeive and refer the memo-
rial, by a declaration that the House " regard the
tame in no other light than at the voluntary act <tf
private individuals," so as to avoid any recogni-
tion of a State organization; and this qualifying
was adopted; but it was adopted with the \
«We of Franklin Pierce recorded against it. I sub-
mil, with these votes on the record, whether the
President is not the last man who should, arraign
the people of Kansas for their peaceable efforts
to secure a government?
But, to return to the history of the act provid-
ing for the admission of Michigan—this act rati-
fied and confirmed the constitution and State
government which the people of Michigan had
formed for themselves, with only one condition
and proviso, to wit: that the people, through
a convention of delegates elected especially for
that purpose, should assent to the change of
boundaries as specified in the act; and, whenever
such assent was given, the President of the United ■
States was to announce it by proclamation; and
thereupon, and without any further proceeding
on the part of Congress, the admission of the State
was considered as complete, and her Senators and
Representatives were entitled to seats without
further delay.
Under the provisions of this act, the Legisla-
ture of Michigan called a convention of delegates,
and provided for their election. Theeleetion was
held, and the convention met in pursuance of the
Jaw, every organized county being represented.
This convention refused to give its assent to the
change of boundary, and declined the boon of ad-
mission into the Union on the terms proposed.
The official evidence of such "dissent" was trans-
mitted by the officers of the convention -to the
President, and there for the time being the matter
rested.
This convention was held in the month ofSep-
tember; and its refusal to give any assent to the
change of boundary was unsofcisracteify to a p<Hr-
tijm of (he people. There was a pArty in favor
First, what did a Democratic President do with
the proceedings of these two conflicting conven- :
tions? Did he presume to indorse one of them
as the valid, legitimate convention under the law,
and denounce the other as an " illegal" and
"revolutionary" assemblage? Did he make
them the occasion of a special message to Con- ;
gress, in order to justify one convention at the !
expense of the other ? Not at all. General Jack-
son met these questions with fairness, with man-
liness, with dignity—with a desire to mete out
substantial justice to the citizens of Michigan.
He transmits the proceedings of both conten-
tions to Congress, and takes occasion to inform
it that the first convention " was elected by the
people of Michigan pursuant to am act of the
State Legislature passed on the 25th of July
last, in consequence of the above-mentioned act
of Congress, and that it declined giving its as-
sent to tbe fundamental condition prescribed by
Congress, and rejected the same."
He further informs it that the second conven-
i tion that did give assent " was not held or elect-
' ed by virtue of any act Of the Territorial or State
j Legislature: it originated from the people them-
! selves, and was chosen by them in pursuance of
| resolutions adopted in primary assemblies held in
their respective countiesan* then, as indicating
his own views as to the propriety of recognizing ;
this last convention, he says that, if its proceed-
ings had reached him during the recess of Con-
gress., he should have issued his proclamation
under the law, on being satisfied that they emanat-
| ed from a convention of delegates elected " i 
point <tffaet" by the people of the State; but as
Congress was in session he doemed it most appro-
priate to refer the matter,to them.
And it went to the Senate, and the Senate re-
ferred it to the Committee on the Judiciary—a
Democratic committee instituted for tbe express
purpose of investigating questions of law; but it
raised no such questions on that occasion. Like the
Committee of Elections in this House, looking into
the Kansas elections, it wanted facts with a view
to determine which convention should be recog- ,
nized as binding and obligatory upon the people j
of Michigan; and, in order to obtain them, the i
chairman (Mr. Grundy) addressed a letter to j
several eitizens of Michigan, asking them for in- |
formation as to the aggregate vote given in Sep-1
" Now, he would submit to the Senate whether this in-
formal assembly—this caucus, as he might call it—had the
right to supersede the solemn expression of the will of the
people of Michigan, given in this formal and constitutional
way ? These were grave questions, and demanded the most
serious consideration of the Senate. If we pronounce that
this assembly had no authority—that it could not supersede
the constitution of Michigan, and that it could not undo
what had been done by the regularly-constituted conven-
tion of the people, then we mu.it pronounce this bill to be
unconstitutional, dangerous, and revolutionary in the ex-
treme."
Mr. Morris said:
" Let it be constantly borne in mind, that there lias been
two conventions assembled in Michigan for the purpose of
considering, or assenting to, tbe act of Congress. The con-
vention which first met was in pursuance of a law of the
State specially parsed for that purpose ; that it was elected
and organized according to the provisions of that law; that
this convention dissented from the proposition of Congress,
or rather, did not consent thereto j that subsequent to this
decision it was that the people met in their primary assem-
blies, and the result was, that another convention was held.
The documents furnished the Senate inform us that in two
counties no elections were held, and, of course, those
counties were not represented in this latter convention, the
president of which, in * communication to the Presidentof
the United States,.says that 'the convention originated
through primary meetings of the citizens of the several
counties, in ample time to afford notice to the whole State;
pursuant thereto elections, kept open for two days, on the
5th and 6th instant, (Deeember,) have been held in all the
counties except Monroe and Macomb.'"
* *   * * * * *
i « The question is, will Congress recognize as valid, con-
' stitutional, and obligatory, without the color of a law of
Michigan to sustain it, an act done by the people of that
State in their primary assemblies, and acknowledge tliat
' act as obligatory on the constituted authorities and Legis-
lature of tbe State?"
Mr. Bayftrd said:
" But it seemed to him, that thin biH, with its preamble,
involved the most monstrous political heresy, Which tended,
incidentally, to the adoption of a doctrine subversive of all
regular government; and entertaining this opinion, as lie
did, he should vote againstthe bill. By passing this hill the
Senate would be sanctioning the most obnoxious principle,
•nd would inflict a vital injury on the cause of freedom.
Mr. B. argued that, according to the provisions of the ordi-
nance of 1787, which regulates the disposition of the Terri-
tory northwest of the Ohio, and east of the Mississippi,
Michigan had no right t« forma constitution at all without
the leave of Congress.
" He maintained that the convention, which was held in
December last, was dot a convention according to the right-
fill signification of that word. It was an abuse of the term.
If tbe Senate passed (he Mil under the present state of facts,
they were setting up a iaOBt monstrous and atrocious prin-
ciple. He contended that the first convention was legally
and properly organized, being brought together by an aetdf
the Legislature. The legislative power was the only expo-
nent of the public will."
And Mr. Preston said, in reply to Mr. Buch-
anan:
" The sweeping nullification of thegentlenan from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Buchanan] goes to the annihilation of the
government of Michigan—to the breaking down of Ml her
solemn charters and engagements."
Mr. Calhoun said:
" He had said that the movement of Michigan was rev-
olutionary; that she threw off the authority ot the Union m
calling a convention together and forming a constitution.
In that we were at perfect liberty either to treat it as a rev-
olutionary Movement, as it was, in point of fact, or to eBer
her conditions upon which she might be*«dmrtted nxlo th«
