1086
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
Another reason for my opposition is, that I am
against these appeals from one Congress to an-
other, in reference to questions which should
have been decided at the time. This question
was before a preceding Congress; and that Con-
gress having decided it, we ought not to interfere
with it any further, unless a much stronger case
is presented than that made out by the report.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 had some occasion to look
into this case during the last Congress; and I
think the objection comes with rather a bad graee
from the gentleman from New York, [Mr. -Kel-
sey,} after that side of the House has voted to
pay every contestant, so far, during this session.
In this case, Mr. Ingersoll had the certificate of
the Governor. The judges of the election gave
their certificate to Mr. Naylor. The decision of
the case was postponed to a late day of the Con-
gress, in consequence of the pendency of the
great New Jerley case. Mr. Naylor was finally
declared to be entitled to the seat. I submit
whether, after having voted to pay contestants,at
this session, against whom the House has de-
cided—contestants who had no certificate of their
election—we ought not to pay mileage and per
diem in this instance?
- The objection that the pay was not voted by
the Congress that made the decision in the ease,
has no force in it. Every Committee of Elections
since, has reported in favor of paying; there is
not an exception. 1 hope the bill will be allowed
to be reported. W
Mr. McMULLIN. I am sorry that I have to
differ with my friend from Georgia. 1 agree with
the gentleman from New York over the way. It
has become very common forgentlemen to contest
elections to this House, and in many cases without
any sufficient and substantial ground; and X hold
that we should rigidly investigate, not only this
bill, but every other similar case, before anypay-
ment of the kind asked for is made. If this be
right, and the contestant ought to be paid, why
did not the Congress in which he sought a seat
• pay him? We are called on to decide in the mat-
ter on ex parte testimony. Now i ask whether
any succeeding Congress will be as capable as
this one is of deciding upon any of the contested
cases before us? 1 must be permitted to express
my surprise at the introduction of this bill. Sir,
it can be made " a good thing" for gentlemen
who have been candidates for Congress and de-
feated by the people, to come here and draw
mileage and per diem.
Mr. SEWARD. I will ask the gentleman a
question, if the gentleman had a certificate from
the Governor of his State that he was elected to
a seat in this body, would he not come here ?
Mr. McMULLIN. That would depend on
circumstances.
Mr. REWARD. What are those circum-
stances ? [Laughter.]
Mr. McMULLIN. I would not come here if
the Governor gave me a certificate when I was
beaten by two or three thousand votes. That is
one of them. Now let me ask the gentleman
from Georgia a question. If this is a just and
valid claim, why did not the Congress in which
Mr. Ingersoll claimed a seat pay him ? The
House of that day was the jury which tried and
decided his case.
Mr, SEWARD. There yms a general indis-
position to pay any private claims. The gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Jonts,] now the chair-
man of this committee, was one of the principal
objectors to these claims.
Mr. McMULLIN. This claim was withdrawn
then, and afterwards again presented. It is
another illustration that
" He who figlus and luns «i\vay
Will Livo to fight another day !"
I think the better way for us to do is to rise,
and let this matter go over to another day. We
have not a full committee, and we ought to have a
full one when this case is voted on. I move that
the committee do now rise. 1 want time to ex-
amine the claim. If it be right I do not wish to
withhold my vote from its passage.
Mr. CORB_, of Georgia. 1 beg the gentleman
from Virginia to withdraw his motion to rise. I
wish to say a word in reference to this bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw the motion with
- great pleasure, that the gentleman from Georgia
may be heard.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, in
reply to the observation of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Seward,] that the gentleman from
Tennessee was not in Congress when this con-
tested-election case came up in the House for its
determination.
Mr. SEWARD. I referred to the gentleman's
opposition to applications of this kind at the List
session.
Mr. COBB. I desire to state, in reference to
this bill, that this is the only instance in the past
history of this House where mileage and per
diem has been refused to a contestant who pre-
sented as strong a claim as Mr. Ingersoll; and in
reply to the suggestion made by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Kelsey,] I desire to state
a fact to which I wish to call his attention, and
the attention of the House. He puts his objec-
tion upon the ground that the House that heard
the contest decided against the claimant. There
is much force and much propriety in that argu-
ment; and if Congress had been governed by con-
siderations of that kind heretofore, that fact could
now be urged against Mr. Ingersoll with much
effect.
But, sir, such has not been the history of Con-
gress. I remember an instance where, after a
very heated contest, in the Twenty-Eighth Con-
gress, with which you are familiar, upon the yeas
and nays, every member of this House voted
in favor of the sitting member, and by a decisive
majority the House refused to pay the contest-
ant his per diem and mileage, and yet, sir, the
very next Congress paid it to him. And it arises
from the fact, as you will sec in looking over
those contested-election cases, that occasionally
there is a House very strict and very stringent,
which refuses all applications. Then, again, you
will have a House that passes almost all. It so
happened in the Congress when Mr. Ingersoll
contested the seat of Naylor. I presume—I do not
speak of the fact from any knowledge of my own
—that the House was one of that character of
Houses which was opposed to the payment of
those contestants. I am very strongly inclined
myself to refuse all applications of this kind.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That Congress paid all
others.
Mr. COBB. That may be so. There is an-
other fact connected with Mr. Ingersoll's applica-
tion. My recollection is, that he himself was
opposed to tins system of paying contestants.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I believe he
expiessly declined to have tho question biought
before that Congress.
Mr. COBB. I presume he did, because Mr.
Ingersoll was opposed to that class of cases.
But when he sees every other applicant paid, I
think, with propriety; he can come before Con-
gress, and ask them to pay him. And he has not
applied by mere resolution, but lie brings up his
claim in the nature of a bill, open to discussion
and examination, and requiring, not only the
sanction of this House, but also of the Senate. I
have voted against some of this class of cases.
I have voted against some this session, and I
have voted against others in other Congresses. I
voted against the payment in the case to which
I have referred, in the Twenty-Eighth Confess,
where the seat of the then Speaker of the House
was contested by Mr. Botts, of Virginia. I voted
against it in that Congress, and in the next Con-
gress, because I did not think it came within any
proper rule. But Congress afterwards paid it.
This very session, your Committee of Elec-
tions, in a contested case, reported that they
were clearly and unanimously of opinion that the
contestant had no claim to the seat, and with
equal clearness and unanimity they recom-
mended that he should be paid his mileage and
per diem. I allude to the contested seat from the
State of Maine.
I think, if the House will go to that extent, to
which I am not prepared to go, they ought to be
willing to pay in a case where the facts are such
as they are in the Ingersoll case.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Georgia if this is the first time
this case has been before Congress ?
Mr. COBB. I think not; and if it had been
refused every session, and every day of every
session, since the contest took place, it could not
affect my vote if I believed it right that he should
be paid. I regret that the principle has been es-
tablished of paying at all in such cases. The true
rule would be, never to pay where the contestant
failed to obtain the seat. But you must discrim-
inate to some extent. I attempt to do it. I have
examined this case. When I first came to Con-
gress I was disinclined to pay this, or any other
similar claim. But when I see other cases not
as meritorious as this, and every other case as
meritorious, paid, I cannot in justice withhold
the payment to Mr. Ingersoll—I say every other
case, for if there is any other case which has not
been paid I do not know it. If there is any other
case equally meritorious I shall vote for it, as I
shall vote for this.
Mr. WALKER. I will ask the gentleman
from Georgia, if Mr. Ingersoll did not hold the
certificate of the Governor, while Mr. Naylor held
only the certificate of the judges ?
Mr. COBB. That is my recollection of the
facts of the case.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is not my intention to
detain the committee long upon this question. I
participated in the decision of this Ingersoll and
Naylor case, and there were quite a number of
contested-election cases before that Congress*
The cases of nearly the whole of the New Jersey
members, whose seats were contested, were de-
cided at that Congress. The House of Repre-
sentatives then, and, so far as my knowledge
extends, has ever attempted to hold, that when
the claimant came with a case so clear—so dis-
tinctly marked, that he had reason to believe
that his constituents had reason to believe that
he was entitled to his scat, the House would rec-
ognize his claim for compensation, and would
pay him mileage and per diem. If I recollect
aright, it has been the rule of the House that,
when a man has a prima facie case which would
give him a reasonable anticipation of success, he
is entitled to compensation.
I know that the Twenty-Sixth Congress, in
which tins case was heard, professed to be guided
by that rule. The case of Ingersoll was then
decided; and my own impression, after so long a
time has elapsed, is, that a clear case was made
out against the claimant; that Naylor held his
seat here by so strong and iirefutable a claim as
to give Mr. Ingersoll no reasonable hope of suc-
cess in the contest; and, if my recollection is
correct, Mr. Ingersoll contested solely upon a
technicality which he, as a lawyer, felt willing to
place himself upon. 1 only mention my impres-
sion, fiom the recollection I have, that he had
no such reasonable and satisfactory claim as to
entitle him to mileage and per diem compensation.
I do not think that for the two years, while the
contest was pending, he was here for ten days.
He was attending court m Philadelphia and else-
where, and omitted to pay any attention to the
case, until the second session of Congress. I am
rather of opinion that Mr. Ingersoll claimed a
per diem, yet I speak without that distinctness
of recollection which enables me to speak with
certainty. This case has been up occasionally,
ever since that day, and it has always been
rejected. The case of Mr. Botts, to which the
gentleman from Georgia referred, has been up
also; and whenever the case of Ingersoll has been
up, I believe the common practice lias been to
amend it by putting on the Botts case; and when
the Botts cose was up, to amend by putting on
the Ingersoll case; and the bills went over in that
way. [Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. Botts has been paid.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then, I think if we are to
follow a bad precedent, Ingersoll should be paid,
also. Botts was a Whig, and Ingersoll a Demo-
crat, and I believe the Whigs have generally
voted for the Botts claim, and the Democrats for
the Ingersoll claim. I think if Botts has been
paid we might pay this without much scruple.
A friend sitting behind me has referred me to
the fact that Mr. Ingersoll was paid for the ex-
pense of taking testimony—about §1,100—at the
time.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I was about
to refer to that fact. It shows that it was a sub-
stantial controversy. Tins contcstcd-election
case occurred in the Congress of 1839—'40, I be-
lieve. I am not very familiar with all the facts
of the case.
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting.) 1 would
make a suggestion to the gentleman from Maine,
for his consideration and for that of the commit-
tee. I should like very much that this bill bo
