350
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 8,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Waldron.
Ho. of Reps.
Onion. His opinion was. that the thing could |« undone
" A «eat question next arose-a question of immense im- ,
Dormice Had the convention of December arightto assent
to the conditions, and did it speak the voice of Michigan?
And had Congress a right to recognize its proceedings? It
was well known that the convention held at Ann Arbor did
not represent one third of the people. All knew, too, that
it did not represent the constituted authorities. Now, had
Congress a right to admit Michigan upon such proceedings
as these? Could any man conceive it to be a convention
of the people of Michigan ? No, it was impossible. It was
neither more nor less than a caucus, got up by party ma-
chinery. It was a criminal caucus. 1 he convention
December had no right to supersede the acts of the conven-
tion held in September; and he entertained the opinion that
those men composing it might be indicted at common law,
and, what was more, they ought to be.
It seems, by this extract, that the residents of
Kansas are not the first of our fellow-citizens who
have been denounced as liable to indictment be-
cause they made peaceable efforts to get into the
Union. It seems that there were like anathemas
hurled at the citizens of Michigan from the Fed-
eral Capitol, but my constituents survived them,
and, I presume, the citizens of Kansas will be
equally as fortunate.
I now turn to the other side of the argument
in the Senate of the United States—to the gallant
vindication of the citizens of Michigan in reply
to the extracts I have quoted above.
Mr. King said:
" But some gentlemen, admitting this, insisted that the
proceeding was revolutionary, and that to allow the people,
iu primary assemblies, ' to set themselves up above the
legislative authority,' (to use their own language,) struck
at the very foundation of our institutions. This was strange
doctrine at the present day. It was the doctrine of the
house of Stuart and of Bourbon, of Austria and of Bran-
denburg. It was the doctrine oi the Holy Alliance; it was
the doctrine of despotism; it was a doctrine long since ex-
ploded, he had thought, by all free Governments, particu- ;
larly our own; and if he thought there were any materia i
Dortion of the people of the United States who entertained
such doctrines, he should feel as much real alarmi as gentle-
men had imagined they felt at the proposition of the com-
mittee. The whole of our institutions, both State and t ed-
eTal, were based upon this ' monstrous principle,' and had
no other right to rest on. The debate had been a jnost
extraordinary one: gentlemen had conjured up frightiul
pictures, and then got frightened at the works of their own
imaginations."
Mr. Buchanan made an elaborate argument in
defense of the second convention; and much of
his speech has a direct application to the present
condition of Kansas. He says:
(t If it were necessary to place the claims of Michigan
upon other grounds, it might be done with great force. Sup-
DOSG W6 **** Q#1v atfr thnf fhAir h&u D6C11
irregular, ought
IIIU9) 111 ig*1" ******* 6 r
to admit that their proceedings had been
that to exclude her from the Union ? On
irreguiur, uugui uwt w tALmui. ..... .......     ---
this subject we ought to act like statesmen acquainted with
the history of our own country. We ought not to apply the
rigid rules of abstract political science too rigorously to such .
cases. It has been our practice heretofore to treat our infant i
Territories with parental care, to nurse them with kindness, !
and, when they had attained the age of manhood, to admit j
them into the family without requiring from them a rigid [
adherence to forms. The great questions to be decided are,
do they contain a sufficient population ? have they adopted
a Republican Constitution ? and are they willing to enter
the Union upon the terms which we propose ? If so, all the
preliminary proceedings have been considered but mere
forms, which we have waived in repeated instances."
And Mr. Benton sums up the merits of the
controversy as follows:
"The people there had held a convention,by their own
power, to accepta fundamental condition of their admission
into the Union. They have accepted the condition; and the
objection is, that the convention was a lawless and revolu-
tionary mob, and that a law ought to be made to suppress and :
punish such assemblages in future. Mr. b. would hold a j
proposition for such a law to be the quintessence, not of i
European, but of Asiatic despotism; and sure he was it j
would receive no countenance by the vote of this Chamber. ,
In saying this, he spoke upon a recollection of the past, as
well as upon a view of the present. At the last session of ,
Congress all this denunciation of lawless and revolutionary [
mobs had been lavished upon the conventions, both of Ark- |
nnsas and Michigan, because, being Territories, they had
held conventions, and framed constitutions, without the
authority of Congress. Our answer to these denunciations
were the same that we give now, namely: 1. That they had
a right to do so without our authority, and all that we could
require was, that they should send us their constitutions,
that we might see they were republican; and 2. That these
Territories had several times applied to Congress for an act
to regulate the holding of their conventions, which were
always refused by the political party which then held the
supremacy in this Chamber; and that to refuse them an act
to regulate the holding of a convention when they asked for
it, and then to denounce them for holding a convention
without law, was unreasonable and contradictory, and sub
jected ourselves to the reproach both of injustice and incon-
sistency. These were our answers then j and we added,
that those who denounced the Arkansas and Michigan con-
ventions as lawless and revolutionary mobs, would find
themselves unsupported by the vote of the Senate .
The result of this controversy was the passage
of the bill recognizing the second convention as
binding Michigan by its assent, and with only
ten Senators Voting in the negative; while such
statesmen as Benton, Buchanan, Silas Wright,
Tallmadge, Niles, and William R. King, voted
in the affirmative.
The bill then was considered in the House of
Representatives, where the same objections and
arguments were urged as in the Senate, Mr. Jen-
ifer contending that
" The error into which gentleman have fallen, if error it
be, is the denominating this second convention a conven-
tion of the people of Michigan. Whenover illegal and un-
justifiable measures are adopted, an effort is made to induce
a belief that it is the will of the people; but, in this partic-
ular case, they have not the benefit of that argument, be-
cause it is admitted tlmt not more than nine thousand votes,
less than one third, were given, with a population, in i& ,
of upwards of eighty-seven thousand, and now claimed to
exceed two hundred thousand; and this without any act of -
the Territorial or State Legislature. Thus, then, we have
the proceedings of a regularly-called convention, held in
pursuance of the act of the Legislature, rejecting the con-
dition contained in the act of Congress of the 15th ot June,
1836. and of a subsequent convention, in the language ot
I the President, ' not held or elected by virtue of any act of
the Territorial or State Legislature,' accepting those con-
ditions."
Mr. Toucey,now a Senator from Connecticut,
on the other hand, asked
" By what authority exists every State government in
this Union ? The impress is borne upon its face : the con-
sent of the peoplel • We, the people of the State, do ordain
and establish this constitution.' It is the consent of the
majority of the people; that is, of the people, by the voice
of the majority. It is this consent which gives the consti-
tution its authority. It is not a preliminary law. It is not
the form of proceeding. It is the fact of this consent. The
violation of form, or of previous law, does not invalidate it.
It is the supreme power, which is superior to previous law
or mere form, and by its essential character sweeps both out
oftheway,and the former constitution along with them.
The forms and conditions, and embarrassments and entan-
glements, as long as they prevent the people from acting,
are effectual; but when they break through these—when
the people, by a majority, clearly and deliberately, in an
authentic form, lay them aside, and declare it to be their
will that a change be made, and with that solemn purpose
decree that it is made, the supreme power is exerted, and
the thing is done."
The bill was ordered to a third reading by the
strong vote of 148 to 58; and a reference to the
yeas and nays will show the name of Franklin
Pierce recorded in the affirmative.
Yes, sir; the President who now regards the
peaceable elections and conventions in Kansas as
'' illegal," and of " revolutionary character,'' then
voted to recognize a convention that was held
confessedly without authority—that only claimed
to represent a part of the settlers, and that assumed
to speak where the legal convention had already
declared its determination. He voted to make the
decisions of that convention binding on the peo-
ple of Michigan, in reference to the most import-
ant interests that a convention could ever pass
upon; and, having done so, I cannot realize the
force of his recommendations in the case of Kan-
sas, when they differ so widely from his own
practice in the case of Michigan.
I have thus briefly and hurriedly referred to the
circumstances that characterized the admission
of Michigan. She was met, to some extent, by
embarrassments and obstaclfes, but, in despite of
them, she fought her way into the Union; and,
now that she is there, she is disposed^ to help
Kansas in, with the same free institutions that
have been sanctioned in her own experience.
And Michigan only regrets that statesmen, who
vindicated her pioneers, and fought their battles
in the Capitol, now strike their flag and ground
their arms when the interests of slavery stand in
their way. But it is a satisfaction to know that,
though men may falter, principles never change.
The doctrines that were enunciated in behalf of
the rights of Michigan are as sound to-day as
when mortal lips first gave them utterance; and
the precedents established in the past will outlive
all tne short-comings and inconsistencies of their
authors.
Mr. Chairman, every reason and every consid-
eration of necessity that justified the admission
of Michigan, applies with tenfold force to the
case of Kansas, in view of the unprecedented
difficulties that surround it, and which can only
be obviated by its admission as a free State. And
if it be true, as now alleged, that th$ citizens of
Kansas are traitors and revolutionists, then it is
equally true that the citizens of Michigan were
traitors and revolutionists, and Franklin Pierce,
James Buchanan, and their associates, were apol-
ogists and defenders of the treason. Heave to the
friends of those gentlemen to justify and recon-
cile their record. That is no-matter of mine; but
it is a part of my duty to deny and repel the as-
persions that are cast, by implication, upon the set-
tlers of Michigan; for, when gentlemen attack the
free-State men of Kansas, they assail, over their
' backs, the pioneers of my own State; and, as a
I citizen of Michigan, regardful of her high fame
and unspotted escutcheon in the past, I hurl back
all imputations upon her order-loving and law-
abiding citizens, while I also, as a legislator, ask
! that the precedents established in her history may
be made the standard of our action in this case;
1 and I make the appeal more especially to gentle-
men on the opposite side of the Chamber, as these
precedents come down to us with high Demo-
cratic sanction and authority. These precedents
were made in the palmy, better days of Democ-
racy, before it had degenerated into a mere or-
ganization to do the bidding of the slaveholder,
and at a time when northern men were not com-
pelled to outrage sentiment at home by their bids
to secure southern votes.
There are other considerations that induce me
to ask for the settlers of Kansas that guardian-
ship and protection which the General Govern-
ment owes to its citizens. There are many in
that Territory who were but lately citizens of
my own State; men who have gone there to open
a wilderness to prosperity and civilization; men
around whom the grateful recollections and kind
regards of my constituents still cluster; men who
have gone there on a mission as high and holy, as
that which the Pilgrim Fathers undertook when
they shaped their course for the rock of Ply-
mouth; for they go there to plant the institutions
of freedom, and to lay broad and deep the found-
ations of a free State, where the curse of oppres-
sion never shall enter as a blight and a mildew.
These men have breathed the free air of the
Northwest from their childhood—they have ex-
perienced the blessings that flow from the policy
of slavery prohibition—they have witnessed
changes and progress in the Northwest Territory
such as no other section of our Union can boast
of—they have, in the space of one generation,
seen the wilderness reclaimed and subdued, and,
under the genial influences of free institutions,
become strong and powerful in all the elements
that constitute true national greatness; and they
realize that, for this onward career in the pathway
of progress, they are indebted mainly to the wis-
dom and patriotism of the statesmen who enacted
the ordinance of 1737, which made labor honor-
able, and proved to them a shield and a barrier
against the incursions of slavery. They regard
that ordinance as the corner-stone of their pros-
perity; and having realized in their own experi-
ence these benefits, and appreciating their origin,
they naturally demand for themselves and their
children, the same guarantees of prosperity, in
the new homes they make in the wilderness.
For such purposes, and with such motives,
have hundreds gone to the Territory of Kansas
from my own State, and hundreds more are pre-
paring to follow. They disclaim any intention
of invading the rights of others; but they know
their own, and will not be slow to maintain them.
| They go there, not as transient trespassers for an
5 unlawful purpose, but with a determination to
cast their lot and link their fortunes with its future
destinies. And I assure members of this House
that,whentheattemptismadeto " subdue"them;
' it will be found that they value life less than the
rights of freemen. Of that fact, gentlemen, an
incident of the past winter is conclusive evidence;
there are now blood-stains on the soil of Kansas,
marking the spot where one of its pioneers sacri-
ficed life in defense of his rights—a man from my
own district, who took with him qualities and
virtues that would render him an acquisition to
any land. He was overpowered and murdered
by numbers for no other crime than that he loved
freedom better than slavery; and his blood, from
that day to this, has called in vain upon your
officials, for the vengeance of the law. His manly
bearing in the hour of conflict wa« worthy of the
