mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
am
reported; and when theyall come here they have
only the assent of a majority of the committee.
There is no agreement on the metaphysical points
involved on the subjectof internal improvements,
but only a simple agreement of a quorum of the
committee that a bill shall be reported, for which
a majority of the committee is responsible, and
not individuals.
Mr. STUART. In respect to this bill, when
acted on by the committee, I was not present at
all. I spoke of my own action generally.
Mr. IVERSON. I should have much pre-
ferred to see the gentleman from Michigan go on
some general system, instead of voting allfor the
northern lakes, and then manifest his opposition
to appropriations in that section of the country
where wool grows on the heads of men.
This appropriation, it seems to me, stands on
a very good footing, if I understand the facts of
the case. The Senator objects to the amount.
It certainly stands on the same footing, and even
better, than nine out of ten of the appropriations
for which the Senator has already voted. It is
founded on estimates of the War Department.
"When bills have been heretofore presented to the
Senate, and their opponents have called for the
reason on which they were pressed, the friends
presented the estimates made by local agents.
Now, here is a bill that has been presented and
recommended, as 1 understand, to the War De-
partment, on estimates actually made by that
Department, and they say $200,000 will be re-
quired to complete tfie improvements in Cape
Fear river that are contemplated by the Govern-
ment.
What is the character of those improvements ?
What is the object of this expenditure?^ It is
not, as I understand, a general application of
the money to the improvement of Cape Fear river,
taking out natural obstructions, or improving the
natural channel of tJB river; but the object, as I
understand, is to tafe away obstructions which
have been placed in the river by the action of the
Government, or, in other words, to restore, the
river to the condition in which it was before the
Government undertook to place obstructions in
it. We have the statement of the Senator from
North Carolina; and I suppose it is supported by
official facts on record, that the Government, in
order to protect one of its fortifications at the
mouth of this river, found it necessary to build
up a wall, or throw out jetties into the stream to
prevent the abrasion of the shore, so as to include
Fort Caswell. Fort Caswell is a fortification on
an island opposite Smithville, at the mouth of the
Cape Fear river. Toprotectthatislnnd, at which
this fortification is located, it became nccessary
for the Government, as I understand the facts,
to throw out what are called jetties or sea-walls;
and this work upon the part of the Government
has produced an extraordinary effect on the
channel through which vessels come into Cape
Fear river. It has changed the original channel;
it has drawn the main channel some nine miles
off from Fort Caswell, when, before these imped-
iments were made by the Government, the chan-
nel ran alongside the shore of the island on which
Fort Caswell is situated.
The object of this improvement, I understand,
is to stop up this new inlet, nine miles off, and
which does not furnish a sufficient inlet to the
river Cape Fear, so as to throw the channel back
again into its original position. That I consider
to be legitimate, and is what the Government is
bound to do. I discriminate, therefore, this case
from an appropriation of a general character for
the improvement of the navigation of a river for
natural causes. Here the Government has pro-
duced the difficulty. It has, for the protection of
the island on which its fort is beult, produced the
very difficulties ofwhich the citizens of Wilming-
ton and North Carolina complain; and they ask
now that you will appropriate money to restore
the river to its original condition. I think that if
it is ascertained to be true that the navigation of
the river, or the entrance into the river, has been
in this way injured by the action of the Govern-
ment, it becomes the duty of the Government to
restore it to its original condition by the applica-
tion of this money. . .
Sir, I would not vote for any appropriation for
clearing out any river within the United States
upon general principles. As I stated on a former
occasion, when I was a member of the House
of Representatives, I voted against an appropria-
tion of $50,000 to improve the navigation of the
Savannah river, below the city of Savannah. It
was a general appropriation, without specifying
the foundation on which it was placed, and I
voted against it because of my constitutional
scruples. But at the last session of Congress a
bill was passed appropriating $161,000 to remove
obstructions placed in the river Savannah, below
the city of Savannah, by the General Government,
for the common defense during the revolutionary
war. Here, then, was legitimate foundation for
a vote in favor of that bill. The Government
having placed those obstructions in the Savannah
river, which injured its navigation, was bound to
take them out on the call of the people; and at
this session of Congress a bill has been passed
authorizing; the application of the balance of that
appropriation to removing the sand bars and shoals
which have been produced by the original obstruc-
tion placcd in that river. That bill is now bfeore
the President for his signature. It is somewhat
doubtful whether he will sign it or not. He, as I
understand, approved the Savannah river bill last
year on the ground I have stated, that it was not a
general appropriation for the general improvement
of Savannah river, but was specific m its object
to remove obstructions, and conform to the obli-
gation under which the Government rested.
So m icgard to this Cape Fear improvement.
Although the bill passed at the last Congress, ap-
propriating $140,000, did not, as the Senator from
Michigan says, state upon its face what was the
object of the appropriation, still, from the inves-
tigations and reports of the engineers, as I am in-
formed and believe, the President could not fail to
know the fact, that this money was to be applied for
the purpose of placing the river back to its original
condition; and therefore I say he was legitimately
authorized to sanction it, although he may have
been opposed to general appropriations. Then ldo
not think the President is obnoxious to the objec-
tions which the Senator from Michigan has urged
with so much pertinacity and zeal against him.
The President was not bound particularly to look
to the face of the bill, if he was satisfied, from the
reports made, (knowing that the money was to
be expended under the Secretary of War,) that
the money would be legitimately expended. Un-
der the Constitution he had a right to sanction
the bill, and not to require on its face the ground
or reason on which he should put his sanction.
This bill, outside of the reports of the engineers
and the official information, does place this appro-
priation on general principles, for the bill clearly
says $200,000 shall be applied to continue the im-
provement of the Cape Fear river. So far as the
language of the bill is concerned, it brings it, ill
my opinion, within the constitutional objection
which I have presented, and which other oppo-
nents of the general system have urged upon this
floor; and therefore I cannot vote for the bill in
that particular shape, because I do not know,
although I have been informed, that this money
is to be applied in that way. It is a general ap-
propriation to continue the improvement of Cape
Fear river, and it may be applied to a general
improvement outside of and beyond the obstruc-
tion which the Government has caused. 1 should
therefore prefer to limit the appropriation to this
legitimate and constitutional object; and with such
a limitation I shall be happy to vote for the bill,
because then I can do so with propriety. Believ-
ing that the Government is bound to remove the
obstruction, I offer this amendment to the bill:
Proiuled, That said sum shall be only applied to the re-
moval ot obstructions placed m haul river by the Fedeial
Government, or m restoring the river to the condition in
which it was before the action of the Government placing
the nvcr in its piesent condition.
Mr. REID. This isa specific work There was
a survey, and then there was an appropriation to
carry it out. The appropriation of $140,000 pre-
viously made was for the purpose of removing
the obstruction. The obstruction is estimated
for here, and it is well understood, and its appli-
cation will be well understood, to be to that work,
and nothing more.
Mr. IVERSON. Then the amendment can
do no harm.
Mr. REID. It can do no harm, but I see no
necessity for putting it here; and more especially
when probably some gentleman may refuse to vote
for the bill who would otherwise do so if it was
not in.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not see why that should
prevent any man from voting for it. "
Mr. BIGGS. I perceive that the Senate is
very thin; probably there is not a quorum here.
I believe we are approaching the latter part of the
batch of internal improvement bills, as they a^e
termed. There may be a quorum here, but I
have some doubts about it. Still I shall proceed
to say a few words upon this subject.
I do not rise for the purpose of continuing the
discussion unnecessarily, but I cannot sit still
and allow the remarks of the Senator from Michi-
gan to go without some reply. I promise the
Senate that my reply shall be brief. It is evi-
dently the intention of that Senator to complain
of the President of the United States for having
approved the Cape Fear bill at the last Congress,
while he vetoed the omnibus bill. The Senator
has some complaint to make of him for that, and
says that he gave specious reasons. 1 construe
him to mean that the President assigned reasons
for his approval of the bill which have no found-
ation in fact, so as to make a pretext or excuse
for signing that bill. The Senator says that is
his opinion.
Is that fair to the President of the United
States ? The President, under the official sanc-
tions that ought to control his conduct, has said
that his reason for approving that bill was, that
the obstruction was the result of the acts of the
Government. Is that true or not? We have
the allegation of the President in his official char-
acter to that being the reason of his making this
an exception. I had supposed that an announce-
ment of that sort, coming in a communication
from the President of the United States in his
official character, after having investigated the
matter for the purpose of seeing whether or not
he could give his constitutional sanction to that
bill, would be sufficient without going behind
what the President has said. All we could do
would he to get the evidence upon which the
President acted, as to the cause producing these
obstructions. The President, however, in his
official character approving the bill, has said that
he approved it because it was to remove obstruc-
tions the result of the action of the Government.
Will the Senator gainsay it ?
I was not here at the last Congress when that
bill was passed, but I think 1 can see a manifest
distinction between it and bills which the Senator
from Michigan is constantly sustaining. 1 His
complaint here against the President is for having
approved this bill, though he vetoed the other. 1
wish to enquire of the Senator from Michigan,
before I go further, whether, in this very omni-
bus bill which the President vetoed, there was
not an appropriation for the Illinois river? I have
not had time to investigate that question, but I
presume he can tell how the fact is.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is mistaken as
to another matter, about which he ought to be set
right in the first place. I made no complaint
about the action of the President of the United
States; and if any inference of that kind was
drawn by the Senator, it is an inference not
founded on my remarks; but the Senator him-
self makes the issue. The omnibus bill to which
the Senator refers was passed at a former Con-
gress. After the Cape Fear bill was passed by
itself, the President vetoed a separate bill for the
St. Clair flats. I alluded to that, not to his veto
of the omnibus bill. If I were going to make the
issue, which 1 have not made, I should say that
the distinction sought to be drawn by the Presi-
dent is not justifiable; but, I repeat, I made no
complaint against the action of the President.
I took the ground, that there were no such facts
in existence as those upon which he based his
action, and I read the report of the board of engi-
neers to show that there were no such facts in
existence as are set out as the reasons for this
appropriation; but, on the contrary, these changes
have been going on, in their own language,' 'sin ce
their earliest records, at an irregular rate.' Their
report is given in the documents at great length,
and they deduce .their conclusions, but there is
not a word in the whole report about any injury
having been occasioned by the action of the Gov-
ernment; but the report ascribes the changes in
Cape Fear river to a very different cause.
Mr. IVERSON. I certainly understood t
Senator from Michigan, in his speech, to condemn
the action of the President, because he said he
