1856. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35T.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
State of Political Parties—Mr. Smith, of Tennessee.
Ho. op Reps.
cause for which he suffered, and is an earnest of
the temper and character of those who follow
him. They may be overpowered, but they never
surrender;"and, when invading forces attempt to
wrest from them the right of self-government, or
impose upon them institutions against their will,
they will meet the issue as becomes men who
were born and nurtured amid the institutions of
freedom; and, when aggressions and usurpa-
tions present to them the alternatives of slavery
or blood, they will fall, like Brown of Leaven-
worth, with their faces to the foe, and their
blood, like the blood of martyrs, will be the seed
of freedom, yielding in no distant future a glori-
ous return.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I
do not intend, nor desire to make a reply to the
speech of the gentleman from Michigan. I only
rise to correct an error into which he has fallen,
and upon which much of his argument has been
founded. If I understood him, he holds that
Michigan formed a State constitution and asked
for admission into the Union without authority
of law from Congress; and he urges that as a
precedent, and on it, to a very great extent, bases
his argument that Kansas should now be admit-
ted with the constitution lately framed by a por-
tion of the people of that Territory. In that
assumption the gentleman is entirely mistaken;
and he will perceive his mistake by looking at
the fifth article of the ordinance of the 13th of
July, 1787, made for the government of the Ter-!
ritory Northwest of the river Ohio. The follow-
ing is the language of that ordinance with which
the gentleman, from his remarks, appears to be :
familiar: I
"And whenever any of the said States shall have sixty '
thousand free inhabitants therein, such State shall be ad- j
initted, by its delegates, into the Congress of the United ;
States, on an equal footing with the original States, in all j
respects whatever, and shall be at liberty to form a perma-
nent constitution and State government; provided the con- j
stitution and government so to be formed shall be republi-
can, and in conformity with the principles contained in
these articles; and, so far as it can be consistent .with the
general interests of the Confederacy, such admission shall j
be allowed at an earlier period, and when there may be a
less number of free inhabitants in said State than sixty
thousand."
This, then, was one of the provisions of the
organic law of Michigan. If secured to each one
of the five States to be formed out of that North-
west Territory the right to frame its constitution
for a permanent State government, and to be ad-
mitted into the Union whenever there were sixty
thousand free inhabitants.
It was under this same ordinance that Tennes-
see was admitted. That Territory was under
this ordinance, excepting the sixth article, which
prohibited slavery. The cases of Tennessee and
Michigan have both been relied on as precedents
to show that Territories have formed constitu-
tions, and been admitted into the Union without
authority of law. It was under that ordinance of
1787 that they framed their constitutions, asked
to be, and were admitted into this Union.
- Mr. WALDRON. 1 have only to say, in reply
to the gentleman from Tennessee, that the people
of Michigan at that time based their right to form
a State constitution and government, not only
upon the ordinance of 1787, but also upon the :
Constitution of the United States, regarding both |
instruments as conferring the power, and one only \
reaffirming the provisions of the other. If the
gentleman will refer to the debate in the Senate j
at the time the application was pending, he will
see that the power exercised by Michigan was
claimed to exist entirely independent of the ordi-
nance of 1787. I think it was Mr. Buchanan
who claimed a justification for Michigan from the
provisions of the Constitution, and the citizens
of Kansas can find their justification in the same
instrument; and, if time permitted, I would hunt!
up and read Mr. Buchanan's remarks as a com- ;
plete answer to the gentleman's position.
The Louisiana treaty also conferred upon the \
Territory included in that purchase, rights of ad-
mission into the Union equal to those guarantied
bjr the ordinance of 1787 to the Northwestern j
Territory.
Mr. JONES. The Constitution had not been J
adopted when this ordinance was passed. This j
ordinance was a compact between the old con- ! I
federated States and the Territories northwest of i
the Ohio river, and was in force before there was
a Constitution.
STATE OF POLITICAL PARTIES.
11 SPEECH OF HON. S. A. SMITH,
|| OF TENNESSEE,
In the House op Representatives,
i! April 4, 1856.
!; The House being in the Committee of the
jj Whole on the state of the Union,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, said :
Mr. Chairman: I yielded the floor the other
day to the chairman of the Committee of Ways
j ana Means, with the expectation that I should
1 proceed with my remarks at this time. I do not
design addressing myself to the subject directly
under consideration; but, under the established
and uniform practice of the committee, I shall
avail myself of the privilege of speaking to mat-
ters connected with the general politics of the
country.
We are approaching a presidential canvass of
more importance than any that has occurred since
the adoption of the Federal Constitution. Never
has there been such confusion of political parties
in this country as exists at this time; and, in
my judgment, no member of this House, whether
! of the Abolition, Know Nothing or American,
or Democratic party, can be better employed than
in placing before the people his views, fully and
! fairly, on the various questions of domestic pol-
\ icy which are now the fruitful sources of agita-
1 tion in all sections of this country. We have
! now three parties striving for the mastery at the
| next presidential election. Heretofore there were
I only two. One of those three parties has recent-
' ly assembled in general convention, and nomin-
ated its candidates for the Presidency and the
j Vice Presidency of the United States, and, for the
| first time in our political history, not a word has,
1 so far, been said in this House with reference to
those nominations, or to the action of the con-
vention which made them. It is not my purpose
to confine my remarks to the proceedings of that
convention, or to its nominations, but to speak
generally of the status of the various political
parties of the country.
We have heard a great deal since the meeting
i of this Congress about Kansas, and the prohibi-
| tion of slavery in that Territory. We have heard
| much about the election of our presiding officer.
I differ from some of my southern friends in re-
gard to the importance of the creation of Kansas
into a slave State, so far as the interest pf the in-
stitution of slavery is concerned, but not as to
the admission of General Whitfield or of Gov-
ernor Reeder as a Delegate from that Territory.
The last is a matter about which we have heard
much. I am glad to see that this question, which
has agitated this Congress and the country, has
dwindled down into nothing. Never before in
our annals has an important sectional question
been so suddenly deprived of its agitating, ele-
ments. . Hitherto such questions have grown in
importance as they progressed to a final conclu-
sion; but, in this case, it has been directly the
reverse. It is a fact to be referred to with grati-
fication by the friends of the Union and the de-
fenders of the Constitution. The excitement on
the question seems to have taken its departure
with the recently appointed investigating commit- 1
I tee. Whether it is destined to have an abiding- i
; place in Kansas or elsewhere, I do not know. I !
am inclined to believe that it will go beyond the ;
limits of the United States, and will be heard of no '
more after the next presidential election. \
i I regard the admission of Kansas into the Union i
, as a slave State, as important only in one point of
J view. I disagree, as before stated, with many of
! my southern friends in regard to the importance
j of erecting the Territory of Kansas into a slave
State. I believe that the strength of the institu-
tion of slavery consists in its concentration, and
not in its diffusion. I believe the time will soon
come when the institution of African slavery will
successfully vindicate itself before the world, and
destroy the clamor now raised against it in the
northern States. 1 am one who can never agree
that African slavery is a curse. I believe that it
is right, and that it must and will vindicate itself
against all opposition. I am speaking in reference
to the interests of this institution, not only polit-
ically, but socially, and in a domestic point of
view. Its strength consists in its confinement to
the States where it now exists. I believe it is
important to the existence of this Union that as
many slaves States shall be added to it as practi-
cable under the Constitution; and in this view
alone I favor the creation of the Territory of
Kansas into a slave State, and its admission as
such into the Union. Every sectional question
which has heretofore been settled by Congress
shows that, geographically, the South has always
been the true conservative section of the Confed-
eracy. When I say this, I do not mean to throw
any discredit on northern members of the Demo-
cratic party, who have stood by us in our efforts
to maintain the integrity of the Union. Every
compromise made for the preservation of the
Union, since the organization of the Government,
has received a majority of its supporters from the
southern States. It is, therefore, important, in a
political point of view, that the power and in-
fluence of the southern States should be main-
tained, both here and in the other branch of Con-
gress. For this reason, I think the creation of
Kansas into a slave State is important, as adding
another binding link to the Union. I desire to
keep up the equilibrium of power between the
two sections, in order to preserve the union of the
States. In my humble judgment, we should first
look to the preservation of the Constitution of
the United States; secondly, to the protection of
; the rights of the States; and, thirdly, to the pres-
ervation of the Federal Union. All other ques-
tions are subordinate to these; and, therefore,
when we look to the preservation of the Union,
I it is not unreasonable to desire an accession of
; slave States as one of the most important ele-
ments to give strength, and power, and weight to
| that section of the country which heretofore, in
all conflicts, has stood foremost in defense of the
| Federal compact.
: These, sir, are the views which have occurred
! to me upon this question; and I pass from this
| subject, with the single remark, that, so far as I
' am concerned, after the preservation of the rights
! of the States, as guarantied by the Constitution,
which I, as an individual, or as a Representative,
will never agree to see infringed, the next most
important object which ought to actuate every
patriot of this land is the preservation of the
Union. And, believing that the prevalence of
the ideas which I entertain will promote, to some
extent, that end, 1 have taken the liberty to ex-
j press them on this occasion.
The political condition of this House, which is
but a type of the political condition of the whole
I country, is not only a novel one, but it is one
calculated to excite the deepest solicitude for the
future. We have heretofore had two political
parties in all great presidential canvasses, with a
small number in the North called Abolitionists
to form a third party; but not in sufficient num-
bers, power, and influence to give them any chance
of success, or to create any excitement in relation
to the candidate they had nominated for the first
office in the gift of the people. Now two of these
parties in the North have amalgamated, and thus
Eresent a power and a numerical strength which
as heretofore been unknown in this House.
The contest which is soon to come off, and
which has already commenced, is to be fought
upon different principles in the two sections of
the Union. It has been asserted by one of the
I leading organs of the Republican or Abolition
; party in the northern States, that the nominations
' made at Philadelphia on the 23d of February
I would enable the American party of the South so
to divide the South as to enable the Republican
party to carry the presidential election. The
Know Nothings having no hope of carrying any
State in the North, the plan and programme of
the Abolitionists is to divide the South; and they
now assert that, by these nominations, the candi-
dates of the Know Nothing party will be enabled
to carry all the old Whig States in the South,
and thus give the field to this, army of so-called
Black Republicans, who, in my judgment, war.
upon the Constitution of the country. .It is well
