362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 0,
' Mr. PRATT. With all due deference to tlie
opinion of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stu-
art,] T think that would be the better course.
What is the necessity for referring to a committee
bills which have been already acted upon by a
committee, and which have aheady been passed
by the Senate by an almost unanimous vote ? It
is merely incumbering- the committee with super-
fluous labor, and it is delaying the action of the
Senate on these bills. They were all passed. I
do not desire that the bill which I have introduced
shall have a different fate from others; but I think
the proper course in regard to all biils of this nature,
which were passed by the Senate and reported
upon by committees at the last session, is to let
them at once go upon the Calendar. When they
ar% reached, they can be acted on. I can see no
necessity of their being referred.
Mr. STUART. 1 suppose that this bill, like
all the others, must be referred under the rule, if
it is insisted upon. 1 would inquire of the Chair
whether that is the fact?
The PRESIDENT. The Senate may direct
the reference.
Mr. STUART. I think that, without a vote
of the Senate prescribing a different direction of
a bill introduced, it must be referred to a com-
mittee.
Th§'PRESIDENT. Not as a matter of course.
The disposition of it is in the power of the Sen-
ate.
Mr. STUART. I do not desire to enter into
any discussion on this subject; but I cannot
forget the fate of the measures of last year.
After one or two measures of this character had
been passed by the Senate, (and I think the
very bill introduced to-day by my honorable
friend from Maryland [Mr. Pratt] was one of
them,) the Senate recommitted every other bill,
standing upon the same footing precisely, to the
Committee on Commerce, and instructed that
committee to bring in a general bill to embody the
whole. Now, sir, bills which are thus placed on
the Gfeleiitiar at once, as every Senator knows,
take precedence. They come up, as they did last
year, first in their order, and they are passed
without objection; but when our bills come up,
the Senate will raise a cry, and they will be re-
committed to the Committee on Commerce, with
instructions to put them in a shape m which it
is known they cannot become a law ! I do not
propose to be caught m that difficulty again; I
therefore make the motion—and I do not under-
stand that the Senator from Missouri [Mr.G-eyer]
objects to it—that these bills be referred to the
Committee on Commerce,wlueh has charge of all
the bills of last year, except the two or three
which have been otherwise treated.
Mr. GEYER. I did not intend that a direction
should be given to these bills different from that
which has been given to others. If other bills
have gone to the Committee on Commerce, 1 have
no objection that iheso bills* shall bo so referred
also.; but the honorable Senator is mistaken in
supposing that these bills were referred to that
committee at the last session. Both bills which
I have had tiie honor to introduce passed the
Senate then without any reference. They were
placed on the Calendar. They were among the
last that were reached, and they were passed I
without an objection. I do not, however, object j
to the reference. j
Mr. PRATT. I do not recollect, as the Sen- <
ator from Michigan does, the action of last vear. |
According to my remembrance, at the session j
before last, or in the early part of last session, a \
general bill was before us by which various ap-
propriations were made, and the President vetoed
it; and after that veto came in, Senators having
charge of such bills as they believed the Pres-
ident could constitutionally sign introduced them
separately, and they were passed separately.
The bill which 1 have introduced to-day was
brought in separately at that time, after the Pies-
ident had sent m his veto message, as it was be-
lieved that it did not come within the scope of
that message, and it was passed by the Senate,
as was the bill introduced the other day by the
honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.]
Mr. CASS. The bill which 1 introduced was
passed by both Houses.
Mr. PRATT. But so far as our action now i
is concerned, there can be no distinction drawn :
between a bill which has been passed by both !
Houses and one which has been passed by only
one House. The only reason why a bill which
has been passed should not again be referred is,
that the body has acted upon it. If the Senate
has acted on a bill, it is perfectly immaterial, in
regard to the question of reference, whether it has
been considered at all by the other House. The
reason why the Senate should*dispense with the
reference is, that this body has already passed on
it. I know that my bill will go to the House after
it has passed here, and they may properly refer
it, because it has not been acted on there.
Mr. STUART. I can assure the honorable
Seuator that I am correct. The teachings of that
day made much too strong an impression on my
mind to be forgotten. I had prepared a bill for
the improvement of the harbors upon the lakfcs,
which proposed to appropriate an amount of
money m gross for each lake, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of War ac-
cording to his discretion. That bill underwent
discussion here, was objected to, and was rejected
by the Senate on the ground that they would not
confer that discretion. Several Senators then in-
troduced propositions for specific appropriations
upon those lakes; and the result of the proceed-
ing was, that the Senate recommitted the whole
subject to the Committee on Commerce, with in-
struction to bring m a general bill making specific
appropiiations for each object.
I am not in error about the history of that trans-
action. The consequence was, that the single
bills, which had stood upon the Calendar and had
preference, were passed by the Senate, while the
great subject in which we of the northwest were
interested, was put in a shape in which it was
compelled to sleep. Now, sir, we may meet that
fate again. If these bills are permitted to go on
the Calendar, taking precedence, being passed
without objection by us, when the subject of the
northwestern lakes comes up, we may meet with
the same fate, and have all our single bills, as
they stand here, recommitted with the same in-
structions that were given to the committee last
year.
Then, sir,there is an objection to giving to cer-
tain sections of the country, and to certain objects,
a priority which they are not entitled to. As
I said, I think the Senator from Missouri is
entirely right in yielding to my request; but the
Senator misapprehended me in supposing that 1
said his bill or bills for similar purposes had been
recommitted last year. I did not intend to say
that, and I do not think that [ did say it. I
merely said, that the subject of northwestern lake
appropriations had taken that direction. I hope
now that the Sennfc will commit all these subjects
to the committee, and let them come regularly
before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan, to refer
the bills introduced by the Senator from Missouri
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
ORIGINATION OF APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. HUNTER. The day before yesterday
there was a resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance, which was laid over at the re-
quest of the Senator from New York, [Mr. Sew-
ard;] I hope it will be taken up, and acted upon.
Tt is important that the Committee on Finance
should know whether the Senate mean that they
should prepare the general appropriation bills or
not. We ouffht to know it at once. I hope the
Senate will take it up, and decide the question.
Mr. SEWARD. I shall desire to express my
views on that subject when the resolution comes
up to be acted upon. I did not expect that it
would come up to-day. There is a special order
for to-day at one o'clock. I shall endeavor to bo
better prepared to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I would be glad if the Sen-
atoi from New Yoik wi'l iudicate when he will be
ready. It is delaying the business of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARI3. "To-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Virginia submit a motion ?
Mr. HUNTER. There is a special order for
to-morrow at one o'clock, and I move, therefore,
that this resolution be made the special order for
half-past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
taking up the resolution. The Chair hears no
objection. The question now is on the postpone-
ment.
The motion was agreed to.
NOTIFICATION OF ORGANIZATION.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, the joint com-
mittee appointed to wait on the President of the
United States and inform him of the organization %
of the two Houses of Congress, have performed
that duty, and received for answer that at present
hq/had no further communication to make.
RELIEF OF THE SUFFERING POOR.
The joint resolution, (S. No. 2,) introduced
this morning by Mr. Clayton, "for the relief
of the suffering poor of the cities of Washington
and Georgetown," was read the second .time;
and, on motion by Mr. Clayton, the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider it. ^
Mr. RUSK. I would suggest to the honorable
Senator from Delaware, that this resolution im-
poses a very onerous duty on the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the Senate and of the House of Repre-
sentatives; such a one as they are not perhaps as
well qualified to discharge as the Mayors of these
cities would be. They would have to get the in-
formation in regard to the poor, which would be
very onerous indeed. Whatever relief is given
should be given promptly. The infonnation, I
presume, is already in the Mayor's office. At all
events,he hasbettermeans than these two officers
who are constantly engaged here, of making a
proper distribution of this money. It strikes me
that, if the appropriation should be made, it should
be placed at the disposition of the Mayors of the
cities of Washington and Georgetown.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have jiol the slightest
objection that "the Mayors" should be substituted
for these two officers. I understood that they
were willing to attempt to discharge this duty,
and that they supposed themselves capable of
doujg it; but, as my friend has suggested the
Mayors of These cities as proper persons, I accede
to his pioposition. I hope the resolution will be
amended in that manner.
Mr. RUSK. I do nor oiT<*r any amendment to
the resolution; I only make the suggestion to the
mover.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am perfectly content that
it shall be so amended. I therefore make a mo-
tion to that effect.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that this resolution will
not pass. It is a very ungracious thing to oppose
so small a matter in the Senate; but, be lievmg that
it is utterly opposed to principle, and bad m its
tendency, I will, very briefly, give my reasons
for my opposition to it.
It is a very bad business, I think, for this Gov-
ernment to take charge of the administration of
public charily; and there is no reason for it in this
case. The city of Washington is very amply
sufficient, I presume, to take care of hs own poor,
with the aid of private charity, which, I hope,
will be adequate to all ordinary cases. If it is
not true, it is a scandal and disgrace to the city.
There is a groat deal of property here which might
properly be taxed by the local government for
the purpose. The general rule for the adminis-
tration of aid to the poor has been, that every dis-
trict, township, and city, should take care of its
own poor. That is a rule which is as old as the
common law, and I know of no burdens on this
city which make it incapable of giving sufficient
aid to its own poor. Any financial embarrass-
ment, growing out of the present severe weather,
is probably less felt here than in any other city
in the Union. Itisfed byastreamrunmngfrom
the public Treasury, which runs in cold weather
as well as in warm. The ability of the people
here to take care of their own poor is, from that
circumstance, just as good m winter as in sum-
mer. It is wrong in principle for Congress to be
administrators of public charity, more especially
when this city is perfectly adequate to do so for
itself. It is violating a principle as old as the
common law. The other people of the United
States take care of their poor. New York and
Boston make provision for theirs; New Orleans
and Nashville for theirs; and the peopfe of Wash-
ington should take care of theirs; ond their cor-
porate action, with the aid of private charity,
ought to be sufficient. The Government oughL
