THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2.
Washington and the Government with "ail abund-
ant supply of pure water, to be styled " The
Washington Water-Works Company."
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can file his
notice under the rule.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting a letter from
the Postmaster General, with accompanying cor-
respondence, in relation to mail transportation
between our Atlantic and Pacific possessions, and
earnestly commending the subjcct to the attention
of Congress; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary
of the Treasury in reference to measures taken
since the 27th day of December, 1852, for the
indemnification by the Spanish Governmentof the
captains, owners, and crews, of the bark Geor-
giana and the brig Susan Loud, in consequence
of the capture ana confiscation of said bark and
brig by the Spanish authorities; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his motion to adjourn, and
let us dispose of the bills just reported from the
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. WALKER. I decline to withdraw it.
The question was put; and on adivision there
were—ayes 1G, noes 70.
Mr. WALKER. I demand tellers
Tellers were not ordered.
So the House refused to adjourn.
PASSAGE OF PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope there will be no
objection to a call for the previous question on
the report of the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. WHEELER. I object to a vote being
taken on all the bills at once.
Mr. LANE. I will interpose no objection, if
a separate vote be had on one of the bills re-
ported.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is no bill reported
to the House which could not have been defeated
in the committee by a single objection. I only
desire that these bills shall be placed in a position
where we can give them early action.
Mr. GIDD1NGS. It has b een the practice for
many years, when a report is made from a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on objection day, to
have the report road, and all those bills on which
a separate vote is not asked passed en maw.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 hope that course will be
adopted in this instance.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Ohio states correctly the former practice;
but it is a practice which mast have unanimous
consent. One bill has been reported from the
committee which, if I had been in a position
where I thought I could object, I would have ob-
jected to. [Laughter.] It would never have come
"before this House by my consent without discus-
sion. As it has como into the House, I ask,
under the circumstances, that it may be placed
in a position where I can state my objections to
it. i aslc that it be postponed until next Fri-
day,
(The SPEAKER. The bills reported from the
Committee of the Whole House will be read by
their titles; and gentlemen will indicate, as they
are read, those on which a separate vote is asked.
JONES. The bill to which I refer is
House bill (x\o. 135) for the relief of the repre-
sentatives and sureties of Robert Iving, deceased.
I want it put in a position to allow me to submit
the reasons why I cannot*give it my vote. I
move its postponement until Friday next.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I object.
Mr. JONES. If objection be made, then I
insist on a separate vote on each bill reported.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed with
the reading of the report of the committee; and
gentlemen will indicate, as the bills are read,
those on which a separate vote is asked.
The Clerk then read the titles of the following
bills and joint resolutions reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole without amendment:
A bill to grant toL. Jane Horner and children
a section of land in Oregon.
A bill for the relief of Anson Dart.
Mr. WHEELER asked for a separate vote.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Colonel
Charles Simms, late collector of the port of Alex-
andria.
A bill forthe relief of William Humphrey, Jr.,
owner of fishing schooner Good Exchange, lost
at sea.
Mr. McMULLIN asked for a separate vote.
A bill to construe the act entitled " An act for
the relief of James M. Goggin," approved 27th
July,1854.
A resolution for the relief of the Southwestern
and Muscogee Railroad Companies.
A bill for the relief of John Crawford.
A bill granting a pension to Ansel Wilkinson.
A bill to continue the pension to Nancy Weath-
erford.
A joint resolution for the relief of Dr. William
P. A. Hail, late of the Tennessee volunteers in
the Mexican war.
A bill for the relief of Captain J. P. Hatch, of
the United States Army.
A bill for the relief of Jacob Price, of Jefferson
county, Virginia.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Joseph H. Whipple, deceased.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of the late Col-
onel John Hardin.
A bill for the relief of Emma Bidamon.
The bills and joint resolutions above reported,
upon which separate votes were not asked, were
then ordered to be engrossed, and read a third
time; and being engrossed, they were severally
read the third time, and passed.
ROBERT KING, DECEASED.
Mr. OIDDINGS. I now ask that the bills to
which amendments were made, and reported
without objection, he acted on by the House.
The following bill was reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole with an amendment:
A bill for the relief of the representatives and
sureties of Robert King, deceased.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That bill may as
well be considered now as at any other time.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman allow
those bills reported with amendments, and to
which there is no objection, to be taken up and
passed ?
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to that, if I
am still entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I object to that. I
want to hear the gentleman from Tennessee now.
Mr. JONES. I ask that the bill and amend-
ment be read.
The bill was read, as follows;
Be it mailed by the Senate and House of Representatives
of Ihr United States of Jim erica > rt Congress assembled,
That the distnot attorney of the United States foi the dis-
trict ot East Tennessee be authorized, and he h heieby
directed, to dismiss the &uit by him instituted in favor of
the United States on the official bond of the late Robert
King, former pension agent at Knoxville, Tennessee; and
that the claim of tin' United States lounded upon said bond,
and sought to be cnfomM m said s>uit, be, and the same us
hereby, released and discharged.
The amendment, in the nature of a proviso,
was reported, as follows:
Provided, hoivrver, That the accounting officer of the I
Treasury bhall first adjubt the account^ of Robcit King, as !
pension agent, allowing to the defendant tor hiui two pei I
cent, on the moneys paid out by him (or all the time he
acted as such agent, and for winch he was rirver allowed ;
and that the defendants *>lmll have fust paid the balance, it
any, winch may be tound duf to the United States.
The SPEAKER stated that the question was
first upon the amendment.
Mr. JONES. Tins bill, sir, stands at the head
of a class, and is a pioneer bill, which i* to open
the way for the drawing of half a million of
dollars from the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, (interrupt-
ing.) 1 see that tne chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary, who reported this bill, is not
now in the House; and I suggest that, inasmuch
as the bill will probably give rise to much debate,
its further consideration be postponed.
Mr. JONES. I am willing to go on now.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Would it not be fair to
wait until the gentleman who reported the bill is
here ?
Mr. SNEED. 1 desire to make a suggestion.
This is a private bill, introduced by myself, and
in which, I presume, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary feels no interest; and I
prefer that the bill be considered and disposed of
now.
Mr. JONES, (resuming.) The amount in-
volved in this bill is very small and insignificant;
but, as I remarked before, it stands at the head of
a class of cases, and will be urged as a precedent
and reason why all others should be paid. Prior
to 1836, the United States Bank was the deposit-
ory of the funds of the Government, and agent
for the payment of pensions, if other agents were
not appointed; and no compensation was allowed
to the bank for such agency. Subsequently, when
the deposits were removed from that institution,
agents were appointed by the United States for
the payment of pensions, and there was no pro-
vision by law for making compensation to those
agents. The right of the agents was th.6n recog-
nized to use the money of the Government in their
custody, as they might think proper—there was
no law to forbid it; and it was held, from 1836 to
1847, that the use of the money in the hands of
the agents, by the agents, was sufficient compen-
sation for the trouble and responsibility they had
in discharging the duties of their agency for the
Government; and, sir, in many cases the agents
themselves, as I believe, used those moneys in
buying and dealing in exchange, in shaving the
paper of the country, and for their own private
emolument, and thus compensated themselves for
discharging the duties of agents for paying pen-
sions. That use of the money was recognized
and expected by the Department, and that was
the reason, as I understand, why, from 1836 to
1847, there was no law to authorize the payment
of two per cent., or any other compensation, to
agents for paying pensions.
Then, sir, after the passage of the Independent
Treasury bill in 1846, and after it was made a
penal offense for any agent or disbursing officer
to use the money in his possession or custody,
in any private way whatever, either for or without
interest, Congress passed a law giving to the
agents for paying pensions two per cent, on the
amounts disbursed by them. Then, sir, this bill
is to pay the two per cent., to an agent for pay-
ing pensions from 1836 to 1847—the time when
the law authorized no compensation out of the
Treasury—the time when there was a recogni-
tion, on the part of the Treasury Department, of
their officers and agents using t.he money in the
way they did. If they used the money in this
way, speculating even on those to whom it right-
fully belonged, I cannot see the propriety—I can-
not admit the justice—of now paying money out
of the Treasury to these agents, who have thus
used the money for the purpose of their own
private emoluments.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, (interrupting.) It
is evident, Mr. Speaker, that we cannot act upon
this bill to-day; and if the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will give way, I will move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES. Will this bill come up as unfin-
ished business on Friday next?
The SPEAKER. It will be, on Friday next,
the first business in order after the House shall
have disposed of the motion to refer the bills from
the Court of Claims.
Mr. JONES. Then I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon, (at
a quarter to four o'clock, p. m.,) the House ad-
journed till Monday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 2, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. IIenry C. Dean.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting a letter of the Post-
master General, with accompanying correspond-
ence, in relation to mail transportation between
our Atlantic and Pacific possessions; which, on
motion of Mr. Adams, was referred to tha Com-
