i&m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 6,
•was opposed to this plan of approving bills for
specious reasons. Of course, then, according to
the Senator, the President approved this bill for
specious reasons. Now he says he did not con-
demn the President. If not, 1 certainly misun-
derstood him.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator, or anybody
else, wishes to make an issue with me on that
point, I do not object to taking it up, and show-
ing that the President was without any foundation
at all for his reasons. The board of engineers, in
making their full report, which I hold in my hand,
assign the real reason for the change in this river
to be natural causes, and there is not one word
in the report about the fort, or anything in the
proposed improvement which refers to the fort.
Here are the estimates of what they propose to do:
Protection of Bald-heail Point  $40,000
Closing the two small outlets, near new inlet,
with timber   8,400
Closing New Inlet  379,000
Contingencies  31,200
Total $458,600
If the small outlets be closed with stone, the
Items will be$40,000, $49,800,§379,000, #31,200:
total, $500,000.
They go on to state the reasons forthese recom-
mendations. They are to close up all these inlets,
;eaving but one channel, and relying on the force
of the water to keep that clear. There is not in
the whole report, and the industry and ingenuity
of man cannot find anything in it, which asserts
that they predicate this appropriation on the
ground of any former action of the Government;
but on the contrary, as I have read, they say
these operations have been going on at an irreg-
ular rate since the earliest records, long before
the fort was constructed.
Mr. BIGGS. The Senator has not answered
the question which I asked. I desired to know
whether the bill which was vetoed did not con-
tain a provision for the Illinois river ?
Mr. STUART. I cannot answer the Senator,
for I do not remember whether that was included
in the omnibus bill or not.
Mr. BIGGS. I understood, in the course of
the debate, that these were separate bills intro-
duced, comprising the appropriations contained
in the general bill vetoed by tnc President.
Mr. STUART. Il was so stated by the Sena-
tor from Now York.
Mr. BIGGS. I think it was stated by the
Senator from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. No, sir, it was stated by the
Senator from New York.
Mr. BIGGS. Then I take it for granted that
there was an appropriation for the Illinois river
and all these works in the omnibus bill. Now,
1 cannot be mistaken in the complaint which the
.Senator made against the President of the United
States. Why do I say so ? He says that when
the President approved the Cape Fear bill, the
friends of the other bills considered, as a matter of
course, that he would approve all of them.
Mr. STUART. I have stated to the Senator,
again and again, that I never made any complaint
against the President for vetoing the omnibus bill;
but I did complain of him for approving the Cape
Pear river bill and the Savannah river bill, and
at the same time vetoing the St. Clair flats bill as
a separate measure. I have complained of that,
and I do to-day.
Mr. BIGGS. The Senator from Michigan says
that, if I am disposed to make the issue, though
he has not made it, he takes issue with the Presi-
dent of the United States, in regard to the fact,
whether these obstructions have been produced
by the General Government or not?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGGS. The Senator has gone on and
argued upon that issue. I so understood the issue
to be distinctly made by him at first. No\v what
does he rely upon? Here the President of the
United States, in his official character, expressly
states "this bill is approved on the ground that
the obstructions which the proposed appropria-
tion is intended to remove, are the results of the
action of the General Government." Now what
is the answerto that? The Senator gets up here,
and reads a report from Mr. Bache and some
others m regard to the appropriation necessary to
improve the Cape Fear river—a report made in
1853,1 understand.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sis
Mr. BIGGS. It is the same document from
which the Senator from New York read a little
while ago. The Senator from Michigan says that
what he read from that report, showing that the
water has shoaled on the bar, and shoaled for a
long time, is conclusive evidence that the obstruc-
tions now in the Cape Fear river have not been
produced by the action of the Government. He
assumes that the President of the United States
could have acted only on this report as authority,
and because that did not refer to the fact, that the
jetties have produced the obstruction, the Presi-
dent could not have known it. He says this,
although the President asserts in his message,
distinctly and unequivocally, after having made a
thorough examination of this matter when his
constitutional scruples were excited as to the pro-
priety of this particular work, that his opinion
was that the obstruction was the result of the
action of the General Government. The Senator
from Michigan says there is no authority for the
statement, because it does not appear in that re-
port!
Sir, I ask if that is treating the President of
the United States fairly? Under his official obli-
gation, he states that the obstruction was the
result of the action of the General Government.
The Senator from Michigan takes issue with him,
and reads from a report made in 1853,which does
not refer to that as one of the causes, but goes on
and states the importance of this point, some of
the causes of the obstruction extending back fifty
or sixty years, and the necessity of this work as
a harbor of refuge. The President of the United
States, as a matter of course, must have had offi-
cial information, or lie would never have said, as
he has done here solemnly, that the obstruction
was the result of the action of the Government.
I promised not to consume the time of the
Senate; but while I am up, it may be proper for
mc to state my position on the general question
of river and harbor improvements. I shall merely
state my views, without arguing them. I have
no doubt of the power of the Government to make
improvements of harbors that are necessary for
the public defense. I state that proposition
broadly and unequivocally, but I insist that that
shall be the object. Of course such improvements
for defensive purposes incidentally benefit com-
merce just as the imposition of duties, fairly laid
for revenue, incidentally benefit manufactures;
but I insist that the power shall be honestly and
fairly exercised for its legitimate purpose. I am
opposed to making the exercise of this power the
pretext for appropriations for works to create or
facilitate commerce, which I think has been done
in many of these bills.
Now, how are we situated in regard to the
numerous batch of bills upon which we have
been called to vote within the last week or ten
days? The Committee on Commerce have made
no discrimination founded on what 1 conceive to
be a sound constitutional principle. If then-
investigations had been restricted by the con-
siderations that operate on my mind, I could
give my confidence to their recommendations;
but 1 find the most latitudinous view entertained
by that committee, and no obstacle interposed
by them to the most extravagant waste of the
public money and the grossest inequality. Their
action is inconsistent with every idea of justice,
and is governed by no uniform rulo. I have felt
it my duty, therefore, to vote against all these
appropriations, on the ground which appears to
have been taken by the committee. They have
assumed aconstruction of the Constitution which
I think is not justified by that instrument.
If these appropriations had been confined to
the exercise of what I believe to be the constitu-
tional powers of this Government, there is another
principle which would control my action as a
Democrat. If these bills were reported for the
public defense, and on examination I doubted
the power as applied to the particular work, I
should feel compelled to vote against the appro-
priation. I still hold, even in these degenerate
days, that the General Government ought not to
assume the exercise of doubtful powers. It ought
to be clear that the work for which we are appro-
priating money is for the public defense; and if
that be the primary object we have in view, it
makes no difference that an incidental benefit is
derived by commerce. Now, sir, if we had a
system of public defense by the improvement of
harbors, and the appropriations were fairly and
honestly restricted to that object, whether the
system extended to the ocean or to the great lakes,
I could support and should have no hesitation in
voting for it; but I cannot and will not vote for
the expenditure of money proposed in the bills
which have been presented to us, governed by
the most latitudinous views of the Constitution
of the United States, which go to the extent of
making Congress supreme, governed only by
their discretion, and by the calls that may be
made on the public Treasury by parties interested
in particular improvements. I cannot vote for a
batch of appropriations of the character of those
recommended by the committee.
I have made these remarks merely to state my
own position without arguing it; I do not propose
to argue it. Now, in regard to the bill before the
Senate, I say that if we are to rely on official
authority, as has been forcibly stated by my col-
league, this case is taken out of the general rule
of appropriations for internal improvement pur-
poses. This is an appropriation to restore the
natural advantages of the Cape Fear river to the
position which it occupied before this Govern-
ment interfered with it. It was not, as stated by
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who
first spoke on this bill, in the exercise of a power
to improve the navigation that this injury has
been done,but in the exercise of a power that is
confessedly proper—building a fortification there.
The erection of that fortification in the mode in
which it was done has worked this injury to the
navigation, which it is the duty of the Govern-
ment to remove. The President of the United
States, under his official responsibility, tells us
that the obstruction has been the result of the
action of the Government, and that principle re-
moves it entirely from the general scramble which
is made here for approf^itions for internal
improvements everywhere, principally confined,
however, to those persons who make the appli-
cation, and who have no constitutional scruples
in appropriating money to every object that prom-
ises to create or facilitate commerce. That is the
system which I understand is recommended to
the favorable consideration of the Senate by the
Committee on Commerce, and which I believe is
unconstitutional, and grossly unequal and unjust
in its operation; and, therefore, I have voted
against all the bills predicated upon such errone-
ous views.
Mr. REID. I rise for the purpose of appeal-
ing to my friend from Georgia to withdraw his
amendment, and let the bill be passed as it was
originally reported. This work, I repeat again,
it seems to me, comes within the constitutional
authority of Congress for two reasons: in the
first place, the obstruction was placed in the river
by the Federal Government; and in the second
place, if you do not stop up the new inlet, the
fort will become useless, and you must build
another, or the common defense will be left un-
provided for. Therefore I maintain that it is
constitutional for the Government not only to
repair what it has done, but that it is the con-
stitutional duty of the Government to make an
appropriation to fill up the new inlet, rather than
to incur a much larger expenditure for the pur-
pose of building additional forts. I appeal to
my friend from Georgia to withdraw his amend-
ment, and let the bill read as the former appro-
priation did.
Mr. IVF/RSON. I offered my amendment to
make the bill constitutionally acceptable to my-
self. I can vote for the bill with that amendment,
because it comes then within the constitutional
power of the Government in my opinion. With-
out that amendment I cannot vote for the bill,
because the bill on the face of it does not take it
out of the general rule of ail improvements of this
kind. I will, however, at the earnest request
of my friend from North Carolina, withdraw my
amendment, and let the vote be taken on the
original proposition. I trust the bill will pass.
Doubtless it will pass by the great majority that
exists on this floor in favor of such improvements;
and, although it be in North Carolina, they will
not deviate from their rule, and be quite as gen-
erous to that State as they were to Michigan,
which has taken something over half a million.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on Com-
