THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
jN'mv SmuLs... .Xn. GJ.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, MAY 6, 1836.
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
LOBOS ISLANDS.
Fie also laid before the Seiiou a communication
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting the report of the {Secretary of State, with
the accompanying1 documents, in answer to the :
resolution of the Senate of the 24th of February,
3S55, in relation to the settlement of the contro-
versy respecting the Lobos Islands.
Mr. WELLER. I move that that communi-
cation be laid on the table, and printed.
Mr. BItODHEAD. That is a very large doc-
ument. The cases of indemnity growing out of
the seizure of the vessels at the Lobos Islands
are now pending before the Committee on Claims.
I do not think that it is necessary to print the
document. It is a very large one.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection that the
motion to print shall go to tire Committee on
Printing.
Mr. HRODHEAD. Very well.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to print will
be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. miODHEAD. I move the iWeivnce of
the document to the Committee on Claims.
It was so referred.
DIVISION OF UTAH TERRITORY-
Mr. WELLER. I present joint resolutions
of the Legislature of California, and ask that they
may be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Wherca«, a lai<re uumbei oftho ciu^eii" of(.'«u?>ou Y.UIev,
in Uiah Terntoiy, have petitioned Consie^ to hex-toil
fiom said Teuito'v ot Utah, and to be attached to the Suite
of California, toi good rea-on-as s«ct toith m their petition .
and whereas, they have a ho a-ked (In- eoopuiatum and aid
of tin-* Lejjislaune to secuie a result of s-o \ital iutei.vst to
their growth, prosperity, and happiness: Thereioie,
liesohed by the Sonde and Jlwmbly of California, That
we acquiesce, m the wi^he^ of the citizens ot Car-on Valley,
m as set ioith in their petition, to be attached to California,
and that we request our Senator and Repte-fni.tiivos m
Consriess to urge the passage of a law making the otu- hun-
dred and eighteenth mendian oflonsnturle we-t Horn Green-
wich the. eastern boundaiy of Cabloinm. fiom the pom! hi
the southern boundary line of Oieijoii eio.--.ed by s«.u<l mer-
idian, to a point in the east< in lino of Cah.^imo, intei-
sected by the &aid ineudiaa.
Kesolicd, That the Governor ot the Ftate be jequested
immediately to foiwaid to out Sonatoi and ilepiociilatn  h
in Conyiesc copies, of these jomt icsolutions.
J. F. FAUMVY,
Speaker of the *hsemhly.
J) It. ashlev,
President pro tempore of the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. This is a subject of very great
importance to the people living in what is denom-
inated Carson Valley, and I hope it will receive
the early action of the Committee on Territories;
to which committee I move the reference of the
resolutions.
The resolutions were so referred; and they
were ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citizens of
Worcester,Massachusetts,remonstrating against
the further extension of the patent granted' to Wil-
liam Woodworth for a planing machine; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. JJRODHEAD presented four memorials of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for the adoption
of measures for the construction of a railroad to
the Pacific; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DURKEE presented additional papers in
support of the claim of Anna Rice, legal represent-
ative of John Jones, deceased; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. JAMES, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Samuel Warner, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to tiie Committee on Pensions.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the petition of William G.
Ridgcly, submitted areport, accompanied bya bill
(S. No. 278) for the relief of William Gr. Ridgcly,
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
69
He also,from the same committee, to whom was
reierred the petition of the heirs of Robert Scwa.ll,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. JN'u.
279) for the relief of the heirs and representatives
of the late Robert Scwall; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading. The report was
oideicd to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred papers relating to the claim of An- j
thony Rankin, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. jVo. ^80) for the relief of Anthony 1
Ranksn, of Tennessee; which was read, end >
ordered to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. IiUODI-lEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, moved that that committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petitions of
Frances C. Elliott, widow of Commodore Jesse
D. Ellioit, and that they be referred to the Com- !
mittee on IS aval Aliens, "which was agreed to. j
PUBLIC BUILDUPS. J
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senate now to (nice \
up and dispose of tin; House joint resolution!
winch u .is tuuler consideration yesterday, (,f. R, |
No. i-\) for enlarging the custom-house, couit-^
house, and por^t ojlice at Cleveland, Ohio. [f tin* '
Senate will proceed lo the consideration of that |
resolution, J will make a shoit statement on ihe
subject, which 1 think will be satisfaetoiy to all.
The motion was agreed t<>; and the Senate
resumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the resolution, the pending question
being upon the adoption of the amendments of
the Committee on Commerce to include in the
proposed enlargement the buildings authorized
to be constructed lor custom-houses, post oilicrs,
and United States court-rooms at Detroit, Mich-
igan, and Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
1 Mr. STUART. The discussion which has
taken place on this subject has been mainly for
the purpose of justifying, as 1 thought, the action
of the committee; ,utd 1 flunk it has done so.
►Several Senatots, other than those from Ohio,
think that, perhaps, it, would be more magnani-
mous not to include the amendments m this bill, i
i do not wish to do anything which even one
{Senator shall consider impioper treatment of the j
bill. I ha\e consulted with the acting chairman i
of the Committee on Commerce, the bonoiable
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Dodge,] and, so
far as I am concerned, and he also, wc are ready
and willing1 to withdraw these amendments upon i
the suggestions which ha\e been made; but the j
Senator has some statements and aj>roposition to !
make m respect to the other measures. |
Mr. DODGE. In a conversation with the hon- ;
orable Senators from Michigan the proposition t
was made the other day to place Milwaukie, in \
the State of Wisconsin, and Deiroil, in the State ;
of Michigan, as an amendment m the joint rcso- ,
lution in relation to the custom-house, post office, |
and court-house at Cleveland, Ohio. The gen- :
tlemen stated to me that they thought it would ;
be an advantage to the measure, and would :
strengthen it. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. ;
Wade] had then signified that he was willing :
that the resolution should be so amended. The
Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] so stated |
to me; and the senior Senator from Michigan [Mr. |
Cass] appeared to think with his colleague from j
that State that the amendment would strengthen j
the position of the whole. I said I was willing j
therefore to do so. I knew nothing of the sub-;
jeet-matter until it was presented for my consid- j
eration in that manner. It has been mentioned j
in the debate that two of the Committee on Com-1
merce had assented to this joint resolution; and the j
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] in the manner -j
m which he made use of my name with that of j
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] would
seem to imply that he thought we had used our 1
influence as members of that committee for th$ !
purpose of carrying our measure here. I can
assure you, sir, it was very foreign fron\ my-
views. I am against any partial legislation, t
prefer to see every ease presented on £U own'
merits. I thought that, as this resolution related
to a subject concerning the United States,a work
of the Government, it could not bo considered
partial, but general m Us character, and therefore
1 united with those gentlemen in introducing
these amendments—not, with a view of doing
Ohio any damage, i wouid not have done any-
thing on the snbjeci if I had not thought it was
perfectly agreeable to the Scnatorjioin Ohio, [Mr.
Wadi,.]
My friend from Iowa was anxious to add an
amendmentto the resolution; and in \\ lthdiav/ing
these amendments, I will take occasion to say
tit at it w ill always give me great pleasure to nerve
him and his State; and I can assure him that, if his
[ amendment had been presented, it would have re- .
| ccivod the action of the Committee on Commerce
I as well as the cases from Michigan and Wiscon-
j sin. Our interests arc so intimately connected
| in the new States, and I have always felt so high
j a regard for the Stale of lowa, which was. onoo
! a part of Wisconsin, that whenever it is in my
| power to serve that State i shall do so promptly.
I i shall <jivo earnest assistance to him in the pas-
I sage of his measures for her benefit, whenever I
; am satisfied that they are right and just. JUhink
i my fi lend from Jown was perfectly right in cn-
j deavoung to <>,e[ an appropriation for his own
! State: but, I intended Io propose to itun to introduce
j a joint resolution, unincumbcivd with other sub-
[ jeets, and refer it to the Committee on Commerce, -
j and he should ha\e tin* action of that committee
on it very promptly, and a leport upon it for the
action of the Senate.
j I make tins explanation, Mr. President, with
i a view of setting myself right, for 1 havenodesiro
! to come in collision with the Senators from Ohio,
! or with nny other gentlemen; hut we were really
I under the inipressioli that the amendments of the
! com11uttee suited the views of those gentlemen.
After making this explanation I withdraw tho
amendments u Inch were presented, and ask leave
of the Senate to in trod uct a joint lesohition for en-
Jargmg the custom-house, court-house and post
i ojlice at. Milwaukie, Wisconsin, and at Detroit,
| Michigan. 1 ask that the joint resolution may
j be read, and that the action of the Senate may bo
I had upon it at this time.
Mr. W/VPE. T presume it was not the in-
. tention of my colleague to charge the committee
i with any impropriety. I think they are laboring
under some misapprehension on that point. Per-
haps my eolj.>aguo did not entirely understand
the whole matter. 1 am sure that 1 have notsaid
anything derogatory lo the action of the commit-
tee. I have not charged them with unfairness. 1
did. not understand my colleague to say any-
thing that ought to be so construed, lie is not
here"now; but I do not suppose that he intended
to intimate anything of that kind.
I believe I have already said that, before the
committee took any action on the subject, thy
Senator from Michigan, a member of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, consulted me about it. I
very reluctantly consented that he might insert
the amendments, but at the same tunc 1 tol4
him that I wished he would not do so,_ 1 ^'as-
apprehensive that it would be attended with great
delay, lie thought ctheiwise; and he said the
rules of the House were such that the measure
would pass that body without delay. Subse-.
! cjuontly, on consultation with members of tho
| House who have great experience there, I learned,
i that delay would undoubtedly be occasioned, and
for that reason I made opposition, and not be-
cause there was anything wrong in the aotijoo
of the committee. 'They acted as I supposed
they would act; b^t, nevertheless, I am, apposed
to the amendments because 1 am very anxious to
have the original resolution passed immediately,
jn order that the contracts may be entered into,
for I know that the parties there are waiting for
them. I was anxious that it should be separated
£rom, the amendments. I think this course will
not delay or injure the other .measures, for they
can be passed in separate bills>, I am very gladthat^
the Senators have withdrawn the amendments,
