354
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
State of Political Parties—Mr. Sndth, of Tennessee.
Ho. op Reps.
established instead of it another platform, in which
the word slavery is not mentioned. But twelve
months ago, the delegates from Tennessee and
from other southern States insisted on inserting in
the platform that Congress should not legislate so
as to prohibit slavery in the Territories. On the
22d of February last, those delegates marched up
and abolished that platform, substituting for it
nothing except a simple declaration that ail laws
passed by Congress ought to be respected and
carried out until repealed or declared null and void
by the judiciary of the country. A short time
ago these gentlemen were not willing to nominate
a candidwe, or act as a party in convention,
without -declaring openly that Congress had no
power to legklateon the subject of slavery. They
now tamely submit to be over-ridden by their
northern allies, to have stricken from their pjat- i
form all principle in relation to this vitally im-
portant question, ami, in the common acceptation
of the term, to ignert the question of slavery.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman
if he thinks that the seventh section of the plat-
form, adopted at Philadelphia by the last Ameri-
can convention, ignores the question of slavery?
Mr. SMITH. I take neither the seventh sec-
tion nor auy otlier section of the platform. I take
the fact that the council itself did ignore the ques-
tion of slavery, and did not refer to it in their
platform in any shape, form, or manner. They
abolished the platform of June, 1855; and the
reason why they abolished it, as shown in the
debate, was to get rid of the Ueeljlh section, and
thus ignore the question of slavery.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I would ask the gen-
tleman if he considers that it is necessary to use
the word slavery in order not to ignore it?
Mr. SMITH. I do not; but I look to the fact
that the question was ignored, and the platform
of June, 1855, was repealed by the National Coun-
cil. The ground was taken openly by the organ
of the party in iny State, established as such
by the State council, the Gazette, and before the :
meeting of the Philadelphia convention, that the |
question of slavery must be ignored by the Na- ;
tiona.1 Council of the American party; and this i
position was indorsed by the Banner, published
at Nashville, another leading paper in the advo-
cacy of the American order.
Mr. SNEED. I would ask my colleague by
what authority he states that the Gazette was !
established as the organ of the party by the State !
council ? |
Mr. SMITH. My authority is the Knoxville \
Whig, a paper published in the gentleman's own j
district, and the organ of the party in East Ten- :
nessee.
Mr. SNEED. I can only say to my colleague
that it is information to me. I desire to know
from my colleague, fctrthermore, why he does not
state that the Stale council itself, after the Gazette j
had taken the position in favor of ignoring the I
slavery question, did not indorse the twelfth sec-
tion or the Philadelphia platform, expressly repu-
diating the doctrine of ignoring the slavery ques- I
tion ?
Mr. ZOLLKJOFFER. As the Gazette is
printed in the city in which I live, I think it
proper that [ should state that I have no knowl-
edge of the fact which my colleague [Mr, Smith]
has presented to the committee. I do not think
the Gazette was ever made the organ of the Amer-
ican party.
Mr. SMITH. All I knew about it is, that it is
so stated in the Knoxville Whig, which will be
acknowledged to be one of the leading organs of
that party in Tennessee; and the reason, I appre-
hend, for it was, that if tliey had taken either the
Whig or the Banner, the two prominent Whig
papers in Nashville, they would have displeased
the other; and therefore they took the Gazette, ;
which had been for a great part of the time a
neutral paper, and established it as the organ. At
any rate, I have the statement from the Knoxville
Whig, and of its correctness I have no doubt.
Mr.SNEJSD. Will mycolleague state if he does
not know that the State council expressly refused
to ignore the slavery question, ana condemed the
course of the Gazette and Banner ?
Mr. SMITH. They did not condemn the
course of either, but thgy passed the following
resolution, which is the one, I suppose, referred
to by my colleague:
" Resolved, That we reaffirm and proclaim the platform
adopted by the Philadelphia convention in June last, be-
lieving the principles therein set forth necessary and proper
for the best good of the whole country."
That resolution was passed after those papers
had taken that ground; but as soon as the Phila-
delphia convention had ignored the slavery ques-
tion, these same men met in ratification meetings
and ratified its action and its nominations.
Mr. SNEED. Does my colleague mean to say
that the State council has assembled at Nashville,
or anywhere else, since the Philadelphia conven-
tion ?
Mr. SMITH. No; I say the same men—Gov-
ernor Brown and others; and I shall be astonished
if mycolleague repudiates the action of the coun-
cil or convention. !
Mr. SNEED. How can they be the same men J
unless there has been a meeting of the State
council?
Mr. SMITH. I do not know anything about
these secret things. I acknowledge no political
obligations where you have to refer to State coun-
cils, whose proceedings are secret. I speak of
men; and I say that men who figured in that coun-
cil now figure prominently at ratification meet-
ings in Tennessee, approving of the action of the
Philadelphia convention in ignoring the slavery
question, and making speeches in favor of Fill-
more and Donelson.
But, sir, I was more astonished at the action
of my distinguished colleague from the Nashville
district, in the late Philadelphia council. He,
sir, is the life and soul of his party in my State;
and without him it would be shorn of much of
its strength. I mean, of course, no disrespect to
others. But, sir, the Philadelphia convention, in
the thirteenth section of its platform, expressly
denounced the repeal of the Missouri compromise;
and, on looking over its proceedings, to my aston-
ishment, I find that my distinguished colleague
voted for this platform, the thirteenth section of
which denounces the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise, or restriction, of 1820. I was glad to
join hands with him two years ago, upon the
great question of throwing open the Territories
of the United States, to settlement by all sections
of the Union; and the gentleman made one of the
ablest speeches upon the Nebraska bill that was
made in this House during the exciting contest
which resulted in the repeal of the Missouri com-
promise line of 1820. And, that I may not do
injustice to my colleague, I will read what he said
on that occasion, in reference to the repeal of the
, Missouri compromise of 1820:
" i am aware that some of the friends of the bill think
that what T regard as exceptionable in squattersovereignty
is embraced in the bill. Still, the large majority think with -
me; and I cannot consent to lose the chance of repealing
the unjust act of 1820, because some fancy that they see
squatter sovereignity in the bill."
Yes, sir, he could not " lose the opportunity
of voting to repeal the unjust act of 1820, because
some fancied they could see squatter sovereignty
in the bill." He cannot " lose the opportunity
of voting for the repeal of the unjust act of 1820-/'
and yet, on the 21st of February, 1856, my col-
league,in the national council, voted to denounce
the Administration for repealing the Missouri com -
promise of 1820. He knew that it was Congress
that passed the bill, which was sent to the Presi-
dent to be signed. He, therefore, stands upon
the record in the position of one sending a bill to
the President to be signed, and then denouncing
the President for having approved it.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I do not wish to in-
terrupt my colleague, but I willshow him, when
he shall have finished his remarks, that he has .
shot wide of the mark, and has failed to compre- j
hend the stand I took in the Philadelphia conven-
tion.
Mr. SMITH. I shall be glad to hear the ex-
planation, and shall be glad if that explanation
shall prove satisfactory. But again he says:
i which passed the Senate was matured by the
joint labors of Whig and Democratic Senators; and it is
notorious that Senator Dixon, of Kentucky, a sound na-
tional Whig. brought forward the firm amendment striking
directly at the repeal of the anti-slavery restriction of 1820.
rrom tne beginning to the end, the great body of Whig
Senators and Representatives from the South have been the
true and steadfast friends of the bill. But on such a ques-
tion, Whigs, Democrats, and national men, North and
South, should stand together."
And yet, in the face of the above declaration,
my colleague attends the late Know Nothing
convention as a delegate, and in that capacity
votes for a platform which contains a section de-
nunciatory of the repeal of the Missouri compromise.
Here is the stultifying section referred to:
" 13. Opposition to the reckless and unwise policy of the
present Administration in the general management of our
national affairs, and more especially as shown in removing
' Americans' (by designation) and conservatives in principle
1 from office, and placing foreigners and ultraists in their
' places ; as shown in a truckling subserviency to the stronger,
] and an insolent and cowardly bravado towards the weaker
powers; as shown in reopening seetional agitation by the
repeal of the Missouri compromise ; as shown in granting to
unnaturalized foreigners the right of suffrage in Kansas and
Nebraska; as shown in its vacillating course on the Kansas
j and Nebraska question; as shown in the removal of Judge
| Bronson from the collectorship of New York upon false and
untenable grounds; as shown in the corruptions which
pervade some of ihe Depaitments of the Government; as
shown in disgracing meritorious naval officers through pre-
judice or caprice; anil as shown in the blundering mis-
management «f our foreign relations."
Now, sir, my colleague not only voted for that
act which repealed, as he says, the " unjust act
of 1820," but claims for it the paternity of a
Whig measure; and then, under the operation
of "Americanism," in the late council at Phila-
delphia, condemned, as I consider it, the passage
of the law for which he voted.
I mention these facts because of the statement
which I made in the outset, that his opinions are
regarded as of more importance than those of
any one of his party in Tennessee, and it is right
ana legitimate that they should be discussed. I
j remember well that, in the last canvass in Ten-
nessee, I suffered under the lash of that distin-
guished gentleman on account of a celebrated
speech which he made at Nashville,and of which
I one hundred thousand copies were circulated
, through the State, and five thousand of them in
! my own district. That speech was the text-book
| of the whole Know Nothing order, of candidates
for the Legislature and others. I referred to that
speech at that time, and I recur to it now, because
I of its importance, and to show that his action
I and conduct must be scrutinized by the people
1 of Tennessee before it is to be followed.
Now, sir, my colleague made a remark at this
session of Congress, which I regretted to hear,
and which I am inclined to think was made in
the heat of debate, " that he regarded men who
| lived in the South and believed in the constitu-
: tionality of the Wilmot proviso as being, though
not intending it, more dangerous to the South
than northern Abolitionists. ' I regretted to hear
I i it, because of the fact that there are men in the
I; South who do believe in the constitutionality of
J the Wilmot proviso, or the power of Congress to
j prohibit slavery in the Territories, and who are
I as patriotic and who will go as far in sustaining
the rights of the States, as any man in it. The
gentleman himself was an admirer of Mr. Clay,
who believed in the constitutionality of the Wil-
mot proviso, or the power of Congress to prohibit
slavery in the Territories. His own leaders in
Tennessee believe it. Mr. Bell, in the other end
of the Capitol; Mr. Gentry, formerly a member
of this House from Tennessee; Mr. Badger, of
j North Carolina, and hundreds of other prominent
men, though regarding the Wilmot proviso as
unjust and wrong, do believe in the constitution-
ality of that proviso. I disagree with all those
men. I do not believe with them. I believe that
it is unconstitutional, unjust, and wrong, while
they believe it is constitutional, though unjust
and wrong.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I would inquire of
the gentleman, whether Mr. Clay ever expressed
himself in favor of the Wilmot proviso !
Mr. SMITH. I cannot take up the time now
in discussing the opinions of Mr. Clay.
Mr. DAVIS. He believed in the power of
excluding slavery from the Territories, but was
never in favor of the Wilmot proviso.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Clay has been claimed as
the author of the Missouri compromise; but I
will not discuss that question now. The gentle-
man admits that Mr. Clay did believe in the power
of Congress to prohibit slavery in the Territories.
