1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
Mr. DODGE. 1 am perfectly satisfied as far
as that explanationgoes. I do not think the Sen-
ator's colleague [Mr. Pugh] intended to reflect
on the Comfriittee on Commerce, or on the Sen*
ator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] and myself,
. who were two members of that committee, and
who presented the amendments. I do not think
that the1 Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] intended
to charge us with improper conduct; but, as we
were members of that committee, I felt it a little
unpleasant that our names should be mentioned
as they were, inasmuch as we have been gov-
erned by the purest motives, and thought we were
acting with the consent of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade.] I am, however, perfectly satisfied
with his explanation.
The PRESIDENT, The amendments having
been reported from one of the standing commit-
tees it will require unanimous consent to give
leave to withdraw them.
Mr. DODG-E. I trust that consent will be
given under the circumstances of the ease.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to the third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DODGE, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 17) for enlarging the custom-house,
post office, and court-house at Milwaukie, Wis-
consin, and at Detroit, Michigan; which was read
the first and second times by its title.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I wish to know
whether it will be in order now to move an amend-
ment to include Dubuque ?
The PRESIDENT. The joint resolution is
before the Senate as in Committee of the Whole,
and open to amendment.
The joint resolution proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to modify the plans of
the buildings to be constructed at Milwaukie and
at Detroit for a custom-house, post office, and
court-house, so as to increase llieir length twenty-
five feet. The expense of this alteration is not
to exceed $30,000, and ten y>er cent, on that sum
for supeiintondenee and contingencies. No
money is to be paid tinder this resolution until
the Secretary of the Treasury shall contract for
the completion of the buildings thus extended at
a cost within the sums appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I oiler the following
amendment as a new section:
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further resolved, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he i«< hcieby, auihoiizcd to cause a
building to be erected at Dubuque, Iowa, suitable tor the
accommodation ot the custom-house, po-t office, and court-
hou.se ni that place; and that, foi this puipo^e, the same
sum that which Ikw been oi may be appropriated for a
mmiiai buildup at M.hvauivie, \Vi>coti-m, be, and the same
hereby h, appiopnated out of any mom') in the Treasury
not othci wise appiopn.ited thvrefot.
Mr. DODGE. I prefer that this amendment
should not be attached to the joint resolution,
(and in so saying I speak as the acting chairman
of the Committee on Commerce in the absence of
the Senator from Maine,) although I have every
desire to serve my friend from Iowa. I suggest
to him to introduce a joint resolution, and have it
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and they
will report it to the Senate, and ask for immediate
action on the subject.
The objection which we have to including Du-
buque m this resolution for Detroit and Milwau-
kie, is, that those public buildings have already
been commenced under authority of law. I have
every desire to accomnudate my friend fi om Iowa,
and would go as far as he who goes furthest to
serve him and his State; but when ealled upon, as
the acting chairman of the Committee on Com- .
merce, to give my_ opinion on this question, I !
must say that I think it would embarrass the j
original measure to attach this amendment. I ]
will say to my friend, however, that if he will in- !
ti wduce a separate joint resolution, and have it !
reterrcd to the Committee on Commerce, imme-
diate action can be had on it. I will submit the i
i>ubj< et to the Senate at once. j
Mr. JONES, oflowa. Mr President, T proeant j
this amendment at this time, because I had the j
consent of four of the members of the Committee j
on Commeiee to offer it to the joint resolution j
which has just been passed, provided the amend-!
rhenf for Milwaukie and Detroit should bo at-:
fuel' ■; ■> \t. That omendnipm was withdrawn,
and I am glad of it. I would not myself Oppose
its withdrawal. But, sir, I wish to say that there
has as yet been nothing done on the proposed
buildings, either at Milwaukie or Detroit. A
contract for their construction, even, has not yet
been made; and therefore the case of Dubuque
stands on equal ground with the cases of those
two cities. It will not take the Secretary of the
Treasury ten days to make a contract for the
building at Dubuque. As soon as the orders can
get to Detroit and Milwaukie, for carrying into
effect the enlargement proposed by this joint res-
olution, the Secretary can make a contract for the
construction of a building at Dubuque.
Sir, there is greater necessity for the construc-
tion of a building of this character at Dubuque
than at any city in the western country, except
it be at St. Louis. The United States district
court for the State of Iowa is held at Dubuque.
It is fixed there by law, and cannot be changed
except by a change of the law. A letter was re-
ceived by the Department here the other day from
the United States marshal of the State of Iowa,
informing the Secretary that he had been instruct-
ed that he must procure other buildings for the
holding of the United States courts, because the
court-house at Dubuque could no longer be used
by the Government for that purpose. The mar-
shal stated—and the district judge and attorney
certified Lo the fact—that they weie unable to rent
a proper placcin Dubuque for holding the courts.
There is such an immense rush of population to
the State of Iowa, and particularly to the city of
Dubuque, as to make it impossible for them to
hire any building suitable for the United States
district court. The marshal says:
Office of the United States Marshal,
Le Claire, Iowa, April 1, 18o6.
Sir: T have been notified by the clerk of the United
States distuct court of the district of Iowa, that the court-
house in Dubuque, heretofore used by said court, cannot
be obtained in iuture.
Inclo^t d 1 send you a certificate of the United State* dis-
trict judge and attorney, and respectfully ask your opinion,
and permission to obtain suitable rooms elsewhere in the
citv of Dubuque.
Very respectfully, LAUIIEL SUMMERS,
United States Marshal, district of Iowa*
Hon R. McCltlIiANP, Secretary of the Interior.
The United States district judge and attorney,
in I heir certificate, say:
DriniTQru?, ln\va., January 8, 18^6.
We, the undersigned, hereby certify, that in the not them
division of the distuct ot lowatheieis noplace provided
by law for holding the United States dutiiet court; that
some place for that purpose is absolutely necessary, and, in
our opinion, no place reasonably proper for holding said
court could be obtained for lu&s than, say $oU0 per annum.
J. M. LOVE,
Judge of the Umted Slates district court for the disti ict of
Iowa.
JOSEPH C. KNAPP,
Attorney of the United State* for the district of Iowa.
The surveyor general's office for the States of
Wisconsin and Iowa, and for Minnesota Terri-
tory, is also located at Dubuque. The surveyor
general's office, according to the letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, is to be accommodated in
this building, if erected. This office is now kept
111 an ordinary house owned by myself, and for
whieh I receive a fair rent; but if that building
were destroyed by fire, the loss to the Govern-
ment would be more than three or four times the
amount of the appropriation which 1 now ask for
the construction of a suitable fire-proof building.
If the records in Dubuque for two or three years
back, whieh arc there on file, and have not been
transcribed and sent to the General Land Office
here, were destroyed by fire, it would cost more
than three times the amount required for the con-
struction of this building to replace them. Five
hundred thousand dollars would not repay the
cost to the General Government. I will read the
answer of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to a personal inquiry made by myself, in
reference to this subject:
Ge\kr<>.l Land Office, May 1. 1S>5.
Sir : In reference to your pei:-oiia) inquiry 01 this morn-
ing, I have the honoi to state that, whilst the .-urvejor
general^ iitllee L-> ai Dubuque, and the oIikos of regi-ter
and receiver aie at that place, it would not only be a meas-
ure of convenience, but -safety, for the tran^f'ei of the leeords
belonging to those oMiees to a fire-psoof building.
This co.mnunieation i-j made in view of the understand-
ing that ail appropu.jfion i-> pending foi the erection of suit-
able public buildings at that place, in which these offices
may be accommodated.
Veiy respectfully, THOMAS A. TIENORIOKS,
Cj/ninifAOiier.
Hon Cforgf. w Jones, Smth*.
Again, sir, the United States sub-treasury office
is located there. The receiver of public moneys
fit Dubuque is a sub-treasurer. The Treasurer of
the United States informed me this morning that
several millions of dollars had been received at
that office, and shipped thence to the cities of
New York, Washington, and St. Louis, and other
parts of the country. That office is kept in a
common tfhjding, which is no more secure from
fire than tl^residence of any citizen. If it were
destroyed now, I suppose that at least one million
of dollars would be lost to the Government.
The United States land office, as suggested in
the letter of the Commissioner, is to be accommo-
dated in this building. The surveyor of the port
will also be accommodated in it. J was asked a
few moments since, how much is received there
in the way of customs. I believe there is scarcely
anything at present, but we are now constructing
four different lines of railroad, all the iron for
which will be received at that port. The duties
on it will amount to a large sum of money, as the
aggregate length of the roads will not be less, in
my opinion, than eight hundred or a thousand
miles. One of these roads leads from Dubuque
to Milwajjkie, in Wisconsin;anotherto the north-
west, towards §>t. Paul and Lake Superior; an-
other to the Missouri river, at or near Sioux city;
and a branch from the latter to the southwest,
towards St. Louis. All the iron for these roads
will be sent to that custom-house. Everything
which the companies will require, and upon which
they will have to pay duty, will be sent to that
place.
The distributing post office for the northwest ig
also located at Dubuque. It is a most important
office; it is much more important to the Govern-
ment than the post offices at Detroit, Milwaukie,
or Cleveland. I believe Cleveland, however, in
a distributing office; but neither Milwaukie nor
Detroit is.
Mr. STUART. That is a mistake.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, Is Detroit a distributing
officc ?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Very well. At any
rate, I have shown that there are six or seven
Government offices to be accommodated by tht£
construction of this building, while at Detroit
there are but two—the office of the collector of
the port and the district court. The Senator
from Michigan said yesterday that they had
already a post office; 1 know they have, I was
there last summer, and I know that they have a
splendid post-oifice building.
Mr. CASS. It is a mistake.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Senator said yes-
terday that they had a post office building.
Mr. CASS. The Government hires one.
Mr, STUART. I said they rented one.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. At any rate they have
a building adapted for a post office, while at Du-
buque we have not. The postmaster there has
been complaining constantly to the Post Office
Department of the want of suitable accommoda-
tions, and suggesting the propriety of the erec-
tion of a building for that purpose.
The Senators from Michigan and the Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Dodge] were both willing'
to dog the joint resolution of the Senator from
Ohio after it had passed the House of Representa-
tives, by adding the appropriations for Detroit and
Milwaukie, although amending it here would per-
haps prevent action in the IJouse. Now, my
amendment comes in without that objection. No
man can say that there is less reason for the con-
struction of a building at Dubuque; but, on the
contrary, every man who is at all acquainted with
the circumstances will admit that there is greater
necessity for it than there is at either Detroit or
Milwaukie. I know that Milwaukie and Detroit
are larger towns than Dubuque; I know that they
have more population; but, sir, there is no town
in the United States which has increased in pop-
ulation with greater rapidity than Dubuque is now
increasing, unless it was Chicago or San Erancisco.
We have three daily lines of steamboats from
Dubuque to St. Paul. The mail to that north-
western country is immense, because of the em-
igration to western and northwestern Wisconsin,
to Iowa, and to Minnesota Territory, and I may
add, to the Territory of Nebraska. All the mails
for this great region have to be distributed at Du-
buque; and if the mails of one day were destroyed,
