9m
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
February 6,
coming here ? They did not come upon the in-
vitation of Congress to perform public service,
but they came to receive the rewards for their
labor; and it appears to me to be utterly absurd
to say that they came here on the invitation of
Congress. Theycame, I presume, because they
could find better rewards for their labor here
than elsewhere.
The Senator from Mississippi says he can vote
for this resolution with as much propriety as he
could vote for an appropriation for bringing water
into the city. I did not vot« for that proposition;
yet I can see a great difference between the two.
Water is necessary for the protection of the pub-
lic buildings; it is necessary for the health and
comfort of the public officers here; and it was
upon these grounds that many Senators voted
for$the bill making an appropriation for the water
works.
I concur fully in what was said by the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] I look on this
measure as one bad in principle, and vicious in
practice. I have heard no Senator avouch any
constitutional authority for it. They all shirk
that question; but they cite us to precedents, and
at the same time that they cite those precedents
they concede that they were bad. I think they
furnish a strong argument against this resolution.
They show us, by the tenor of their argument,
that it will in future be quoted for similar acts on-
the part of this Government; and what wjII be
the effect of it ? It will not only exert a very per-
nicious influence on the legislation of Congress,
but, also, in my opinion, on the chanty of the
people of Washington. It will induce similar
acts by successive Congresses through all time;
it will be tendering a bounty to paupers; it
will be converting the city of Washington into
an asylum of chanty: and it will harden the
hearts, and tie up the pursc-strincsof the capital-
ists of tins city. So far from rcgardingthis city
as the especial object of the charity of Congress,
I think it has smaller claims on our charity than
any other city in the country; because, as has
been well remarked, we have exempted them
from heavy taxation to which other cities are
subjected; we have provided them with light on
all their avenues; we have paved their streets;
and we now propose to furnish them with water;
and because we nave done this, because we have
disbursed the public treasure bountifully among
them, we must, forsooth, go further, and provide
for all their poor! Sir, I sympathize with the
feeling that animates the Senator from Delaware
in offering this resolution, and 1 am as willing to
contribute out of my own purse as liberally, in
proportion to my means, as any other Senator,
to relieve the necessities of the poor; but 1 do not
feel that I have any constitutionalright to disburse
the public treasure in charities; and hence I shall
vote against this resolution.
The yeas and nays were taken on ordering the
joint resolution to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, with the following result—yeas28, naysSl;
as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adams, All on, Boll of Tennessee, Rcn-
jamin, Biglei, Bright, Brown, Clayton, Coll.tmer, Ciitten-
<ien, Dodge, Pesseinlen, Foot, Fo-ter, Geyeu IlaMan,
Jainf>3. Jonc  of Tennessee, Pesuce, Itusk, Hcwaid, fum- i
rtcr, Thompson of Kentucky, Tiumbuil, Wade, Wilson,
and Wright—28. ;
NAYS —Messrs. Biggs, Butler, Cass Clay, Kvaris, Fit/.- :
pntrick, Hamhn, Hunter, Iversou, Jones of'Iowa, Ma!lo y,
Mason, Pratt, Puah, Sebastian. Slidell, Htuait, Thomson
of New Jersey, Toombs, Toucey, and Yulee—21.
So the joint resolution was ordered to a third !
reading. It was read the third time and passed. !
' CHIEF JUSTICE RUTLEDGE. i
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I rise for the !
purpose of presenting a resolution which I wish 1
to preface by a tew remarks. The fact has been :
brought to my attention by two of the judges of !
the Supreme Court that, whilst there are in the !
court-room marble busts of Chief Justice Jay, of !
Chief Justice Ellsworth, and of Chief Justice ;
Marshall, there is none there for Chief Justice !
XturJodge, of Sooth Carolina. Why a bust of j
Chief Justice Rutledge has not been placed in the j
court-room I cannot say. It may have been on
account of indifference on the part of his country-
men. At any rate, the fact that it has not been
placed there has been brought to my attention
under circumstances which impose it on me, as a
duty to his historical reputation, to ask that the
Senate will make an appropriation to procurc such
a bust—a bust that will be but an ostensible rec-
ognition of the verdict of history; or, I would
rather say, what the verdict of "history should
have awarded without any direct appeal to her
justice.
Chief Justice Rutledge was no ordinary man.
Perhaps there were few men in this country,
North or South, East or Weft, who acted so
distinguished a part in the Revolution as John
Rutledge. Sir, he who had the concurrent testi-
mony of General Washington, Patrick Henry,
and the well-tried judgment of General Greene—
he who made an impression on the history of his
country—is entitled to some of its honors. After
his appointment to the bench, he presided and
gave three or four judgments; but, before he was
confirmed by the Senate, God, m his providence,
in some measure deprived htm of the power of
sitting on the bench; but that was not the reason
why his nomination was rejected by the Senate.
It was rejected on the ground that he resisted aud
opposed Jay's treaty. At the time when the Fed-
eralists were in power, he was denied what, under
other circumstances, would have been awarded
to him as a matter of historical judgment. He
was denied, under party influence, thai which, in
my opinion, justice demands as due to a proud
speech and an unsoliciting ambition. He trod
the path of duty without looking to the right or
the left; he acted the part of an original; and,
throughout his whole life, disdained to perform
the part of subservient subordination. He was
one of those who made a record, and not one of
those who looked to the record made by others;
he was <5 no man's man."
I ask my friend from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,]
who is at the head of the (Jorimiittee on the Li-
brary, to read the life of Chief Justice Rutledge
in the 4 k Lives of the Chief Justices." I will not
say, that in comparison with others it is of supe-
rior brightness, but I defy any one to find, in the
history of this country, a name deserving more
to be commemorated than that of that illustrious
patriot and statesman. Sir, he did not play his
part at a time when rhetoric was to make its ex-
hibition to the public. He acted a part at a time
when his life and fortune were pledges of the
sincerity of his purposes. At the very time when
the British cannon were pointed upon the city of
Charleston, and when his own house might have
been consumed in ilames, and when he, under
the proscription of the British Government, might
have been committed to the gallows, Lee,who was
sent down to take command of Fort Moultrie and
the southern forces, applied to him for an order
to abandon the fort; these were his words: "Gen-
eral Lee has asked me to sign an order that you
surrender that fort; I would sooner cut off "my
right hand than sign one." You know the re-
sult, sir; the fort was maintained; and allow me
to say, on this occasion, il was maintained by the
troops of South Carolina, mingled—it is my pleas-
ure to say it—with one regiment from Pennsyl-
vania, commanded by a remarkable man—a
preacher of the Lutheran persuasion—who .when
he preached his farewell sermon at Woodstock,
threw off the vestments of the priest and dis-
closed the uniform of a colonel.
Mr. President, 1 ask that Chief Justice Rut-
ledge's bust may be placed "where the busts of
the other three Chief Justices tire; and I think
that, when my friend from Maryland, the chair-
man of the Committee on the Library, shall have
read the history of his lift1, his classic taste and
his just appreciation of historical justice will
induce him to award it without hesitation. I
offer the following resolution, and ask for its
immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be instruct-
ed to inquire into the propriety of proeuinijj a bustm marble
of the late Chief Ju>nee John {tutledge, to be executed by
an American aitistof merit and reputation, and to be plaeed
in the ropin of' the Supieme Court of the United Slates,m
a portion corresponding with those of the busts of Chief
Justice* -fay, Ellsworth, and Marshall, winch were provided
for and placed there in obcdience to law.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, if 1 understand
the matter rightly, tins gentleman was nominated
as Chief Justice, but was not confirmed by the
Senate. I have no objection to the adoption of
the resolution, if it be so amended as to include
other persons -who have been nominated for the
same office. Judge Cushing, of Massachusetts,
was nominated, if I recollect aright, and, if we are
to pass a resolution of this kind, I ^ee no reason
why he should not be included in it. I am will-
ing to see all the Chief Justices who have ever
been appointed to that office included in the res-
olution ; but I see no reason why we should select
this one, and leave out another gentleman who
was appointed to the same office.
Mr. CASS. I desire to ask the honorable
Senator if he recollects whether Judge Cushing
was ever nominated as Chief Justice. If so, it
must have been very many years ago, for I my-
self saw him act as a Judge in the Supreme
Court; but I think he never sat as Chief Justice;
I think he never received either a temporary or
permanent appointment to that office. It is news
to me, that he was ever nominated as Chief Jus-
tice.
Mr. WILSON. I am confident of it.
Mr. CASS. I desire to inquire who succeeded
Judge Jay ?
Several Senators. Judge Ellsworth.
Mr. CASS. Judge Marshall came in, when
Mr. Adams went out of office, in 1801. Mr. Jay
was the first Chief Justice, and I do not know
whether he was succeeded bv Judge Rutledge or
Judge Ellsworth. Judge Ellsworth, however,
remained on the bench only two or three years.
I think those were the three who preceded Judge
Marshall. I do not recollect any others. It is
news to me, that Judge Cushing was ever nom-
inated as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
It certainly could not have been when Judge
Marshall came in.
Mr. BXJTLER. Mr. President, I am indebted
for a good deal of my information on this subject
to the book to which I have already alluded, and
which comes from a highly distinguished author
residing in New York. I must acknowledge that
the first public tribute to this distinguished per-
sonage of South Carolina comes from an author
living in the northern portion of this Confederacy.
I think that the Senator from Massachusetts is
mistaken in supposing that Mr. Justice Cushing
ever took his seat as Chief Justice of the United
States.
Mr. WILSON. I did not say he had taken
his seat. I said he had been nominated to that
office.
Mr. BUTLER. But I have stated that Chief
Justice Rutledge did take his seat on the bench,
and delivered judgments in colori officii as Chief
Justice of the United States.
Mr. CLAYTON. Permit me to say to my
friend from South Carolina, that according to
Hickey's Constitution, William Cushing, of
Massachusetts, was nominated for Chief Justice
of the Supreme Court, and his nomination was
confirmed on the 21st of January, 1796, "in
place of John Jay, resigned." fie, howrever,
declined the appointment. He was at that time
an associate justice of the court.
Mr. BUTLER. I thought it was a mere nomi-
nation; but what I have insisted upon is, that Chief
Justice Rutledge was Chief Justice, invested with
all the power, authority, and dignity pertaining
to that high station. He gave judgments upon
the bench, and his nomination was rejected by
the Senate at that time, according to the author
to whom I have alluded, mostly upon political
grounds, though God had afflicted him before
that time; and for a very good reason he ought
not to have been confirmed. Itwillbe seen, by a
reference to the life of this distinguished person-
age, that there was great opposition to his appoint-
ment, and there was a strenuous effort to prevent
General Washington from submitting his appoint-
ment to the Senate. Washington, in reply to all w
charges, said: " I have known him in other days
and in other services, and the temporary judg-
ment of the day is not to swerve me from the
opinion I entertain of him." In the face of his
whole Cabinet, and in opposition to a majority
of the Senate who rejected him, he persisted, and
did nominate him, and he actually sat as Chief
Justice.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand a list of the Chief Justices of the United
States. I find that William Cushing, of Massa-
chusetts, was nominated and confhmcd January
27, 1796, for Chief Justice of the United States.
According to the list before me, the Chief Justices
are—John Jay, of New York; William Cushing,
of Massachusetts; Oliver Ellsworth, of Connec-
