1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1965
extended to his widow, during her widowhood,
and after her death or marriage, to their children,
during their minority; to commence from the
date of the last payment to Thomas Fitzgerald,
deceased.
Mr. STUART. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after the word "widow," the words
" Lucy Fitzgerald."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLA Y. There is one provision of the bill
which certainly oughttobe corrected. Itprovides
that, in case of the death or marriage of the widow,
the pension shall go to the children during their
minority. It should read: "until such children
attain the age of sixteen years." There is 110
case of which I have ever heard, in which we
have allowed a pension to a child until he attained
the age of twenty-one years.
Mr. STUART. I will not object to the amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ments were concurred in. The bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading; and was read
the third time, and passed. Its title was amended
so as to read, " A bill for the relief of Lucy Fitz-
gerald, the widow, and the children, of Thomas
Fitzgerald."
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER: I give notice that, at one
o'clock to-morrow, I shall ask the Senate to take
up the Army appropriation bill.
HOUR OP MEETING.
Mr. WELLER. I propose now that we shall
fix the hour of meeting for eleven o'clock. Does
anybody object to that?
Several Senators objected.
Mr. WELLER. Then I give notice that I
shall ask leave to-morrow to submit a resolution
changing the hour ofmeeting.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
resolution upon the table on that subject.
Mr. WELLER. Then I give notice that I
shah call it up to-morrow.
Subsequently, Mr. WELLER moved to take
up the resolution; but his motion was not agreed
to.
NANCY WEATHERFORD.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senate to consider
the House bill (No. 253) to continue the pension
of Airs. Nancy Weatherford. She is the widow
of Colonel Weatherford, of the Illinois regiment,
who distinguished himself at the battle of Ruena
Vista. It is a clear case, and the bill ought to be
acted upon at once.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill, which proposes to
extend the pension heretofore granted to Mrs.
Weatherford, for five years from the 4th day of
July, 1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BILLS.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk,
announcing the passage of the following bills;
which, on motion of Mr. Brown, were severally
read a first and second time by their titles, and
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia:
A bill (H. R. No. 214) to extend the jurisdic-
tion of the corporation of the city of Washington
over the lower Eastern Branch, or Navy-Yard
bridge, and to regulate travel upon the upper
Eastern Branch, or Benning's bridge, and for other
purposes.
A bill (H. R. No. 215) to authorize the circuit
court of the District of Columbia to decree the
sale of real estate in certain cases.
A bill (H. R. No. 544) to incorporate the
Washington Benzole Gas-Light Company.
The bill (S. No. 87) to establish a library for
young men in the District of Columbia, was
returned from the House of Representatives with
an amendment, to add the following additional
sections:
Sec. 8. Jhid be it further cnacted, riyiat it shall be lawful
for Congress at any time to amend or repeal this act.
Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted, That nothing m this
net shall be construed to authorize said corporation to make,
issue, or put into circulation, any bill, draft, check, promis-
sory note or change ticket, or anything else promising or
agreeing to pay money, intending to circulate as money, or
the tending of which shall he to circulate as money or cur-
rency; and the violation of anyone of the provisions of this
section shall be a forfeiture of the charter herein granted,
and a fine of fifty doitars against each one of the directors
voting for the same.
Sec. 10. And be it further cnacted, That the debts and
liabilities of the sdid corporation shall not at any time ex-
ceed the amount of the capital, and that each stockholder
shall b<? held liable, in his or her individual capacity, lor all
the debts and liabilities of the corporation, however mcuired
or contracted, to be recovered by suit, as other debts and
liabilities, in any court or before any tribunal having juris-
diction of the case.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the amendments
were concurred in.
The amendment of the House to the bill (S.
No. 53) to amend the charter of Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia, which is to strike out
the words " are hereby required," was, on mo-
tion of Mr. Brown, concurred in.
The bill (S. No. 265) to incorporate the Colum-
bia Library, Capitol Hill, was returned from the
House with the following amendment:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the debts and
liabilities of the said corporation shall not at any time ex-
ceed the amount of their capital, and that each stockholder
shall be held liable, in his or her individual capacity, for all
the debts and liabilities of the corporation, however incurred
or contracted, to be recovered bv suit as other debts and
liabilities, m any court or before any tribunal having juris-
diction of the same.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, the amendment
was concurrcd in.
TOLEDO CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senate to take up the
joint resolution (S. No. 28) relative to the build-
ing for a custom-house and post office at Toledo,
in the State of Ohio. It is recommended by the
Committee on Commerce, and I wish to offer an
amendment which X believe will satisfy all par-
ties.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the joint resolution, which
proposes to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to extend the custom-house building at To-
ledo, by the addition of another story, or other-
wise, as he may deem expedient; for which pur-
pose an appropriation is made of $20,000, with
ten per cent, for contingencies.
Mr. PUGH. 1 move this amendment to come
in at the end of the resolution:
Provided, That no money shall be expended under the
authority of tins [evolution, until the Secretary shall have
contracted, upon such secuuty as he may approve, lor the
completion of the said building so enlarged, at a sum equal
to oi less than the amount heretofore and hereby appropri-
ated.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The reso-
lution was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
WEST DRINKWATER AND OTHERS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senate to take
up a private bill (H. R. No. 205) for the relief of
West Drinkwater and others, which has passed
the House of Representatives, and been reported
unanimously by the Committee on Claims of
this body. If any explanation is necessary, I
can give it.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of (he Treas-
ury to pay to West Drinkwater, XOngsbury Dun-
can, Jonathan Clark, Samuel Duncan, and John
Duncan, or to such persons as may be legally
authorized to receive the same, as their heirs or
legal representatives, the sum of $33,21317, being
the amount paid into the Treasury of the United
States, and placed to the account of fines, penal-
ties, and forfeitures, in consequence of a suit—
the United States vs. sloop Mary and cargo—
in the district court of Manic, January and April,
1815. Noah Miller as captain, and West Drink-
water, Kingsbury Duncan, Jonathan Clark, Sam-
uel Duncan, and John Duncan, jr.,as boat's crew,
all of Northpor t, Mai ne, captured the British sloop
Mary, on the morning of November 14, 1814, in
Penobscot bay, and carried her into Camden; the
sloop was from Halifax, bound to Castine, and
was laden with a valuable cargo of clothing and
other supplies for the British troops then occupy-
ing that place, and was within five or six miles
of her destination when taken. Her captors
were offered >£10,000 for her ransom, which they
refused.
Upon her arrival At Camden, she was seized by
the united States revenue officers, and, together
with her cargo, decreed forfeited and confiscated
to the United States, and was sold at aution, by
order of the United States court, for the sum of
$69,790 64. The expenses attending the confis-
cation and both sales were $3,364 31, leavingthe
net proceeds of both sales $66,426 34, one half
of which ($33,213 17) was paid by Josiah Hook,
collector of Penobscot district, into the Treasury
of the United States in 1815.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ANSEL "WILKINSON.
Mr. MALLORY. There is a House bill which
has been reported from the Cammitttee on Mili-
tary Affairs with an amendment, giving a pension
to Ansel Wilkinson, who was a pilot on the lakes
in the last war with Great Britain. The Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs have struck out #>25 a
month and inserted $17 50. I am advised that
unless we pass it now it may be lost in the House.
It is a small matter, but very important to the
individual, and I ask the Senate to consider the
amendment now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 238) for the relief of
Ansel Wilkinson. The amendment of the com-
mittee was agreed to, the bill was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole was concurred in.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
JOSHUA KIRBY.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill (S. No. 275) giving to Joshua Kirby and the
widow of John McNary the right to enter the
land covered by the life reserve of John McNary
under the Cherokee treaties of 1817 and 1819. It
has been unanimously reported by the Committee
on Private Land Claims. Joshua Kirby has paid
for the land, and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office is satisfied he ought to have the title
for it; and inasmuch as he does not feel, under
the laws of the United States, at liberty to con-
firm his title, requires legislative action.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill which, was reported from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, with an amend-
ment to strike out all after the enacting clause,and
insert:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to cause to be issued to Joshua
Kirby, of Alabama, a patent lor lots two, three, four, five,
six, seven, and eight, containing three hundred and twenty
acres of land, m the tract of land purveyed as the " life
reserve" oi Jolm McNary, under tbe Cherokee treaties of
1817 and 1819, situated in fractional townships four and
five south, ot lange six east, in the district oflands subject
to sale at Huntsvillc, Alabama: Provided, The said Joshua
Kn by shall produce satisfactory proof of the transfer, or
obligation 10 transfer, to him, by said John McATaiy and his
heirs, of their interest in said three hundied and twenty
acres of laud, and of the continued residence of said John
Mc.N'drynpon said reserve until his death: Jlnd provided
further, That such patent shall only operate as a relin-
quishment of title on the part of the United States, and
shall not direct tile rights ot any third person.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole was
concurred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. CLAY, t move to amend the title by
striking out," and the widowof JohnMcNary, '
as the committee did not report in her favor.
The rffotiou was agreed to.
WIDOW OP GENERAL HAMER.
Mr. WELLER. I move to take up a little bill
that allows tbe widow of General Thomas L.
Hamerfive years'half pay. I had the honor of
serving under General Hamer in the Mexican
war in the same brigade which he commanded.
The bill has been under the charge of my friend
Com Ohio, but as lie is so modest a gentleman
that he can very rarely obtain the floor, I have
taken care of it now.
Mr. PUGH. I give way to the Senator from
