1856.
TUP €ON;GRESSI0.MAL -GLOBE.
ticut; John Jay, of Ne"w York, again appointed;'
John Marshall, ofVirginia; and Roger B.Taney,
of Maryland. If we are to pass this resolution
I think all the Chief Justices who have been ap-
pointed to that high and dignified station should be
included, although I have certainly no objection
to the gentleman's resolution, ana especially no
objection because he happens to come from the
State which he represents.
Mr. BUTLER Mr. President, standing here,
as I do, as a Senator from South Carolina, I should
be rebuked by the very history to which the gen-
tleman has alluded, if I were not perfectly willing
to do justice to the history of Massachusetts. I
would do it with more than ordinary pleasure,
because it is a history which is part of the com-
mon history of this country. If tfie Senator can
show that &Fr. Cushing was really Chief Justice,
I will include his name with great pleasure, upon
his own motion. I have no prejudice on this sub-
ject; but when I heard the Senator read the list,
it was mortifying to me that Chief Justice Rut-
ledge should have been left out. Allow me to
say, and I believe I may well say, that, because
it is left out, it may be compared to the leaving out
of the bust of Brutus in the procession at Rome.
Mr. SEWARD. I am not quite clear upon
the information that is given us by the Senators
from Massachusetts and Delaware, that it is ne-
cessary or proper, as an act of justice, to insert
the name of Mr. Cushing in this resolution; but
I am very clear upon another point, which is,
that it is a good time, and a right time,and the best
of all times, to insert the name of another emi-
nent man who has been and is a Chief Justice of
the United States, and that is the name of Mr.
Chief Justice Taney.
Mr. BUTLER. Not now.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir, now. I like to see
speedy justice done by mankind, as well in re-
warding the good as in punishing the wicked. I
think we can now get a transcript of 'the actual
living man, which will be a great deal better than
an imperfect copy taken after he is dead. I think
it will be a tribute that will do him gbod in his life-
time. Let us pay it now, rather than wait to dis-
charge a reluctant duty afterwards. I therefore
propose to amend this resolution by inserting the
name of Mr. Chief Justice Taney. His claim
to this place cannot be lost by his death. We
all know that he is in advanced years. He has
already earned the sculptor's reward. Let it be
awarded by his cotemporaries. There will be
a grace in the act pleasing to him and honorable
to ourselves.
Mr. BUTLER. I will vote for that proposi-
tion as a .separate one. The Senator can oiier it
to-morrow morning.
Mr. SEWARD. I will be as generous as the
Senator from South Carolina. If this proposi-
tion will embarrass his resolution I will withdraw
it; but I do not sec how it can embarrass his. It
is only a resolution of inquiry. I agree entirely
with him in supporting the resolution which he
has offered,
Mr. BUTLER. The ,only objection that I
have is, that it has never been awarded until the
Chief Justices have passed from this life.
Mr. SEWARD. I think it is time that this
honor should be awarded while they are living.
Mr. MASON. I should like to know whether,
heretofore, there is an instance where the bust of
one of these distinguished men has been placed
in the Supreme Court room, in commemoration
of their virtues, until they have passed from this
life ? I presume there is none. Now, sir, an
almost hereditary respect which I entertain for
the very distinguished gentleman who now occu-
pies the position of Chief Justice, would induce
me, if anything could, to vote for the amendment
offered by the Senator from New York. If it
is persisted in, I shall vote against it, trusting to
the sound sense of the very distinguished Chief
Justice to understand the reason for that vote.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to be informed—
perhaps the honorable Senator from Virginiacan
inform me—whether the bust of each of those
other distinguished Chief Justices was not pre-
pared, or at least one of them, during his lifetime?
I do not know the fact.
Mr. MASON. That is the very inquiry I
addressed to the Senate. My impression is a
very strong one that it has not fcjeen done.
Mr. SEWARD. The .honorable Senator has
assumed that these honors to these distinguished
men should be posthumous honors, I have no
doubt myself, though the question is sprung on
me suddenly, that they were contemporaneous
honors, especially those paid to John Jay. It
was the custom of that day to be more reverent
than now. But if it will deprive this resolution
of a single vote, I will withdraw the amendment./
Mr. PfSARCE. If the honorable Senator will
inform me at what period Chief Justice Jay died,
I think I can give him the information which he
desires.
Mr. SEWARD. He lived to a very advanced
age, and, I think, he died about the year 1826.
Mr. FISH. I think it was 1829.
Mr. PEARCE. The resolution providing for
placing the bust of Chief Justice Jay in the Su-
preme Court room was not passed till March 2,
1831. On the 30th of June, 1834, provision was
made for the bust of Chief Justice Ellsworth; and
in May> 1836, for that of Chief Justice Marshall.
^/The resolution of Mr. Butler was adopted.
~ PROCEEDINGS OF THE NAVAL BOARD.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the resolution some time since submitted by Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee, calling upon the Secretary
of the Navy for a copy of the proceedings of the
late naval board. On Monday last, when this
subject was before the Senate, a substitute was
adopted, on the motion of Mr. Jones, for his
original resolution; the pending question is there-
fore on the resolution as modified, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to the Senate a copy of the leport made to
Ins Department by the boaid of naval officers convened at
Washington, m pursuance ol* an act approved February 98,
1855, entitled "An act to pioinotc the efficiency of the
Navy," and of the record, journal, oi other papers accom-
panying said lepoit; or, in the absence of such paper.*, that
he furthei infoim the Senate whether the eau«e^ foi which
officer* of the Navy wei£ recommended by that board to
be dismissed oi leured accompnnied that rcpoit, or were
otheiwise made known in writinu to the Depai uncut, and,
if so, that he communicate to the Senate a copy ot the
same.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I dislike exceed-
ingly to trouble the Senate with a single word
upon this subject; and I regret that I am com-
pelled to restate for the third time, I believe, the
motives.which prompted me to offer the resolution.
I regret still more to find many of my friends for
whom I have the highest personal regard and
esteem, and in whose judgment I have great con-
fidence, opposing the adoption of this resolution.
I shall detain the Senate but a few moments in
order to put myself right, and to answer one or
two objections made by the opponents of the
resolution.
I have expressed, Mr. President, and the Sen-
ate will remember, an entire disinclination to go
into any argument upon the merits of this subject.
I have forborne from expressing any opinion or
condemnation of the motives of the action of this
board. I have planted myself upon the broad
ground which I think can be maintained, and
which cannot be successfully controverted by
anybody, that every American citizen has a right
to be heard before Jie shall be condemned and
executed. I stand there, and I mean to stand
there, and I repeat my confident belief that that
position cannot be controverted by any one.
Mr. President, I am astonished at the various
arguments assumed by the opponents of this res-
olution, by which they maintain their opposition
to it. They are certainly very diverse and very
conflicting. 1 do not-propose, however, to go at
any length into that point. The law has been
passed; and the simple question for us is, whether
the law has been faithfully, impartially, and hon-
estly executed ? To assume that it has not been
faithfully and impartially executed is 110 imputa-
tion upon the integrity of the board. They are
human beings as we are, and arc .liable to err;
and that they have erred is to my judgment clear
and conclusive.
The law, as it was passed by Congress, provided
for a " careful examination " into the efficiency
of every officer of the American Navy—seven
hundred in number ! Now, I submit to you, sir,
to the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, [Mr. Mallory,] to my friend from Alabama,
[Mr. Clay,] and to every gentleman 011 this floor
who seems to be disposed to sustain the action
of this board—I submit to their candor, to their
frankness, and to their fairness, to tell me whether
it waa possible that the law could have been faith-
fully executed under that clause which required
a " careful examination f" ' How long was that
board in session ? Erottt.the 20th day .of June' to
the 26th day of July; in all, thirty-six days! 13
there a legal man on this floor who will undertake
to say that it was possible that an investigation
could in that time be made into the lives and char-
acter of seven hundred officers, running through
a series of years varying from ten to fifty ? I
ask the question in all frankness and fairness—
is it possible tnat the lives and character..for
efficiency of seven hundred men cairbe carefully
examined in thirty-six days? Was there ever a
court on the face of the earth that adjudicated
•seven hundred cases so complex as an inquiry
into the characters of men are usually found to
be, in so brief a period as thirty-six days, each
an ordinary sitting of four hours a day.' Then,
Mr. President, if there was no other complaint,
here is a ground of complaint that addresses itself
to the justice of cverjuman on this floor. We
required a "careful examination" into the effi-
ciency of these seven hundred men, and in thirty-
six days we find that two hundred and one men
were dishonored, if you please, dismissed, or
retired. That is a sufficient argument with ma
to ask that these proceedings shall be revised.
But more than that, Mr. President, I maintain
that the law has been misunderstood or mis-
construed by the board. I hope I shall not ba
deemed guilty of arrogance in daring to assume
that those fifteen gentlemen may have been mis-
taken in their construction of the law. tI have
seen a much larger number of gentlemen miscon-
strue the law, as i t was afterwards decided by the
highest tribunal of the country. I maintain that
the law never did contemplate, and never did
authorize, this board to go back and take cogni-
zance of offenses which had been committed, and
which were punishable under the law, and, ac-
cording to the requirements of the law; by courts-
martial. If that was the intention of the law, I
certainly misconceived and misunderstood it; and
I am not able to satisfy myself, by reading the
law again, that there is any such power asserted
m the law, or delegated by it to that board of
investigation. But, sir, they have gone back and
assumed to arraign, and try, and convict men of
offenses which had been cognizable by courts-
martial, and which had either been tried by
courts-martial, or which had been deemed by the
proper authorities unworthy of trial by courts-
martial. I am able to demonstrate that by the
record whenever it is contradicted; and, there-
fore, according to the argument of my friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] which remains unan-
swered to this moment, and which, in my judg-
ment, is unanswerable, X think that, as this board
transcended its power, its findings are void; but
I do not mean to argue that.
Mr. President, whether the law provided for
the punishment of these officers or not, is not so
material to me. If it did provide for their pun-
ishment, 1 fall back upon that great, universally-
received and universally-to-be-admired principle
of right, of Americanism, of national right, that
they should be heard when they were arraigned.
Sir, did you ever contemplate, or did any Senator
hero intend, when he voted for the passage of the
law, that these men should be arraigned for of-
fenses, for crimes, if you please, and have no notifi-
cation, no trial, no means of defense, no power to
stand and confront the accuser, but that quietly
and silently they were to be carried to the
slaughter, and immolated by an inquisition, ill
my judgment, more cruel and odious than any
that dishonored any age of the world ?
This is not the first time that this thing has been
attempted in the United States. This is not the
first time that an American officer has been ar-
raigned, tried, and condemned without a hearing.
Sir, this is but the beginning of a second attempt
to repudiate and rebuke such an outrage upon
American rights and American liberty. There
was, in other days, a great and distinguished
man who was arraigned for alleged offenses
against the country—an officer of the Army of
the United States; and a committee of the Senate
of the United States was appointed to investigate
the charges preferred against him. That commit-
tee proceeded, under all the high and solemn sanc-
tions of the law, in every respect, I think, with
as much dignity and consideration as this immor-
tal board of fifteen; they proceeded to discharge
