•: '-m-i -
1092
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•May 2,
tion of the building which the honorable gentle-
man asks for. I will vote for it as a separate
measure. Let the proposition go to the Com-
mittee on Commence fxS it should do, and I will
vote for it the day that it is brought in. I would
be willing to vote for it to-day, or whenever it
may be brought here in its proper order.
But, Mr. President, the honorable gentleman
seems to suppose that, if his proposition is not
annexed to this bill, that is equivalent to reject-
ing it. I can understand why it wasyesterday
desired to attach some of these provisions to the
bill then before us; it was for the simple reason,
that it would expedite their passage through the
House of Representatives. But how will the
addition of the proposition of the Senator from
Iowa to this resolution facilitate its passage ? It
has the same chance in the House that these
have; it must go through the same process; it is
not passed with the other bill of the House which
came here yesterday. I think that the objection
taken by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
is a correct one. "This resolution docs stand on
a different foundation from the amendment. The
resolution is for the augmentation of two build-
ings in a place where Congress have already
determined that such buildings should be con-
structed. The proposition of the honorable Sen-
ator is for the construction of a building, the
propriety of the erection of which has not been
determined by Congress. They present different
facts for consideration. If we can avoid it, they
ought not to be put together. I wonder that my
friend presses it; for, 1 repeat, it will not facilitate
the passage of the measure. If his proposition
were here now as a separate measure, as I said
before, I should vote for it. If he will draw it
upas a distinct bill, and present it in five minutes,
1 will vote for its passage separately; but I repeat,
that the cases rest on different foundations, and
1 think it would be better not to encumber the
resolution of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. STUART. I shall not discuss this ques-
tion, for I am one of the committee which has
been rather roughly handled from time to time.
I must say to the Senator j-orn Iowa that he is
mistaken m supposing that there are not just the
same o/ficeis to be accommodated at Detroit as at
Dubuque. The building theie is for the custom-
house, the courts, the surveyor-general, and the
post office. Th^re is, however, a great distinc-
tion between the two cases which has not been
mentioned. At Dubuque there is no collection
district; there is no collector; there is a mere
inspector of the revenue, appointed there a year
or two ago, and that is all. Now, there seems to
me to be a very striking difference between the
two casus which are under consideration. The
question presented by the amendment is whether,
where there is no collection district established,
and no collector, Congress will begin to build <i
custom-house? That, is certainly a new ques-
tion; and there is no such new question involved
in the resolution under consideration.
On the adoption of the amendment, Mr.
ADAMS called for the yeas and nays; and they
were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. I vote for the amendment, but
I shall aftci wards vote against the whole meas-
ure.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
25, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Mewix. Adams Allen, Riggs, Ruglit, Riodhead,
Clay, Cutteriden, Evans, i-Vh, Hale, Hailan, Iver>on,
James, Johnson, Jonc-s of Iowa, Jones ot Tenne^eo,
Mallmy, Pratt, tfowairl, Thompson of Kentucky, Toucey,
Trumbull, Weller, Wilson, and Wnght—2.>.
NAYS—Messrs. Oas>e, Dodge, Uurkee, Foot, Fo^tn,
Pugh, Stuait, Sumner, Toombs-, Wade, and Yulee—11.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FISH. _ 1 move to amend the resolution
further by adding to the section just adopted as
an amendment:
rfiul prowled, further, Thatno money shall be paid under
this section until the Secretary of the Treasury shall con-
tract for the completion of said building at a cost within
the sum hereby appropuatcd theretor.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to hear the
resolution as amended.
The Secretary read the resolution as amended.
Mr. ADAMS. I dislike to appropriate, as
J,his resolution proposes to do, ten per cent.
on the estimated cost for "contingencies." If I
could have an assurance that that ten per cent,
would cover the whole expenditure, 1 should
have no objection. An appropriation for "con-
tingencies " is a very indefinite one. I do not
know myself what the officers would construe
as coming under that general term " contingen-
cies. It is a very uncertain way of appropri-
ating money; and I am not myself willing to
sanction any proposition appropriating money
in so indefinite a manner, unless it is for neces-
sary expenses. If the appropriation is of such
a character that you cannot specifically define
the appropriations necessary to answer the pur-
pose, then, from necessity, you must employ
more comprehensive terms, and allow a wide-
aud larger discretion; but I cannot sec the neces-
sity, when providing for the construction of a
public building, of allowing ten per cent, for con-
tingencies. I have that objection to this measure.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendments were concurred
in. The resolution, as amended, was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading; and was read
the third time.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am afraid that my
amendment is not quite full enough. I desire to
have it understood that its object is to appropri-
ate the same amount of money for the construc-
tion of the building at Dubuque which has been,
and by this resolution will be, appropriated for
Mihvaukie. That will be, I believe, £86,000.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution is not open
to amendment now. The question is on its pas-
sage. If the Senator desires to propose an amend-
ment, he must move to reconsider the vote by
which it was ordered to a third reading.
The yeas and nays being taken on the passage
of the joint resolution, resulted—yeas 22, nays
12; as follows:
YEAri—Messrs. Allen, Bright, Biodhead, Cass, Dorl^e,
Duikoe, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hailan, James. Jones of Iowa,
Jones of Tennc^ee, Piatt, Fu<rh, Seward, Stuait, Sumner,
Wade, \W|]oi, VYiUon, and Wuaht—'22.
NAYS-Mcvk Adams, ]>ayard, Bi<?srs Clay, Evans,
Humor, fveison, Johnson, SlidoM, Toombs, Toucey, and
Yulor —1-J
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move to amend the
title by adding, 'kand for the construction of a
building for the same purpose at Dubuque,
Iowa."
The title was so amended.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 172)
to authorize the people of the Territory of Kansas
to form a constitution and State government,
preparatory to their admission into the Union
when they have the requisite population.
Mr. UENJAMfN. Mr. President, this is the
third time within the short history of our Repub-
lic, that its internal peace has been imperiled.
Thrice already has the bond which binds together
the different States of the Confederacy been
menaced with disruption, and on each occasion
the disturbing element has been the same. This
Union, which, at the date of the adoption of the
Constitution, was formed of one non-slaveholding
and twelve slaveholdmg States, now presents an
array of sixteen of the former, and only fifteen
of the latter. Causes, which are too obvious to
require enumeration, have operated since the
foundation of the Government in producing the
abolition of slavery in the northern portion of
the country.
On the first of these occasions, Mr. President,
in 1820, more than thirty years after the forma-
tion of the Union, the JNorth for the first time
endeavored to secure the admission of Maine into
the Union, while at the same time it attempted to
exclude Alissouri,and that, too, in defiance of the
provisions of the treaty of cession of 1803, the
words of which are that "the said Territory shall
be admitted into the Union at the earliest possi-
ble period consistently with the principles of the
Federal Constitution." The history of that
controversy has been too frequently and too
thoroughly discussed on this floor within the last
two years to permit me to dwell upon it at any
length. I must, however, be permitted to express
my regret that the eminent men who had charge
of the interests of the South at that time ever
yielded their consent to a compromise which in
my judgment is contrary to the true theory of
the Constitution j irreconcilable with a just regard
to the principle of equality amongst the States,
and which, as a mere measure of policy, was
totally inadequate to the end proposed—of secur-
ing perfecUiarmony upon the subject of a divis-
ion betwe^ the different sections of the Confed-
eracyof that territory which was common to all.
It never answered its purpose—not for a jingle
year. Scarcely had it been passed when it was
broken by nearly every northern State. When-
ever appealed to by the South, it was scorned,
derided, and repudiated. When in 1850 we pro-
posed the extension of its principles to the ter-
ritory acquired in the Mexican war, ourpioposi-
tion was contumeliously rejected. When in 1854
we finally agreed to repeal in terms that which
for more than a quarter of a century had ceased
to have any active- effect, it was made use of as
a subject of vituperation towards the South. We
were accused of violating "plighted faith"—with
very much the same regard for truth as has re-
cently been displayed on this floorin those men-
dacious t&lcs which have been brought to us
about the state of affairs in Kansas.
I lepeat, Mr. President, the policy of seeking
for some other compromises than those which are
contained in the Constitution was a mistaken
policy on the part of the South. The condition
of the country this day shows the fact. I thank
heaven that the South has at length become aware
of this mistake. She has no longer any com-
promises to offer or to accept. She looks to those
contained in the Constitution itself. By them she
will live; to them she will adhere; and if those
provisions which are contained in it shall be
violated to her wrong, then she will calmly and
resolutely withdraw from a compact, all the obli-
gations of which she is cxpected scrupulously to
fulfill, from all the benefits of which she is igno-
miniously excluded.
Upon each of these occasions, long debate has
taken place upon the question of the power of
Congress to exclude slavery from the Territories
bylaw. The discussion on this subject has been*
so full and thorough, every aspect in which it is
capable of being presented has been so minutely
examined, that I cannot detain the Senate by a
further discussion of it. This, howrever, I will
say—that all admit that the power to legislate for
the Territories is nowhere given in express terms
in the Constitution. It is true, sir, that the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] who opened the discussion on this sub-
ject, did say something about that power being
contained m a clause of the Constitution which
vests in Congress authority to dispose of the
public property. The argument on that point,
however, has been so often refuted, and was on
that occasion so triumphantly answered by my
friend from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] that it is
entirely unnecessary to advert to it any further.
Sir, I propose to place this question on higher
grounds than any reference to the mere text of
the Constitution. I propose to seek for its true
spirit; to inquire into its true theory; to look into
the condition of these States when the Constitu-
tion was framed; and to see whether,from all the
circumstances that surrounded the adoption of
the Constitution, it be possible that Congress can
exercise the power to exclude slaves from the
Territories.
In connection with this subject, I desire to
read a passage from the speech of the Senator
from New York, [Mr. Seward,] who has given
currency to a fallacy which is popular, which
was briefly adverted to by my friend from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Clay,] and which I think deserving
of some more extended consideration. I read
this passage from that speech:
" Slaveiy is an outlaw under the law of nations. Still
further, the Constitution of the United States has expressly
mcorpoi ated into itself all of the laws of comity, for legulat-
ing the inteicourse between independent States, which it
deems proper to adopt. Whatever is forbidden expi cssly by
the Constitution is unlawful. Whatever is not forbidden is
lawful."
1 maintain, oil the contrary, that the Constitution
may be just as flagrantly and palpably violated
by the abuse of powers expressly conceded, as
by the usurpation of powers expressly prohibited.
This is no novel doctrine. It obtains not only
