THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
February 6,
that duty, and they arraigned, tried, and con-
demned him without being heard. What tol-
' lowed ? That distinguished man, m the exercise
Of his true American rights, came to tho Senate
.of the United States and remonstrated against the
action of that committee. What did he say?
Listen to his words:
" The manner in which the inquiry was conducted by the
committee is believed to have been novel; a mass of testi-
"roony, tending seriously to affect the icputation of an indi-
vidual,-was collected; and, although it was proposed, yet
Wav~ an opportunity denied him, of appearing hetore them
to offer any statement or explanation m 111.- power, m rela-
tion to those subjects upon which doubts and difficulties
, mi^ht an\-;e. He. was deprived, by this refusal, of the priv-
•j)e|eof confronting his accusers, and of interrogating and
.oro^s-cxamiuing witnesses summoned for Is is conviction. ,
Such testimony onlv a? llio committee eho?p to soleof w;\s
tieaid?and, when published to the world, declarcdalanguage
different, to what the witnesses intended.
By refusing- the accused dn oppoitututv to confront and
cross-examine witnes<e<, how easily may be indulged ran-
coious invective, and occasions sought to vent malignant
?lm\ implacable resentments f* Your respondent does not
pretend to assert that anything of the kind occurred during
the present investigation, but has barely sidvei ted to it
formiug a portion of the evil consequences which might
arise from so informal a method of inquiry. To adopt such
tt course is to prostrate the rules of judicial proceeding, to
violate every maxim of justice, and to trample down all the
sacred guarantees of the Constitution, fie has been taught
to. believe that, agreeably to the piovwon of our ma^na
cliartoy every individual was secure in lius life, liberty, prop-
erty, and reputation *, and that he could not he tued before
any constituted authority of the nation, without b-unff heatd
in his defense, permitted to intioduce t^rnlpatoiy evidence,
to cross-examine and confront his aeeu^eis. This i> one
of the choicest fruits of our republican institutions, and is
an essential preservative of liberty; it ?Iiould be iruaided
with vestal vigilance, and for no pmpo-.t> whaievei sub-
jected to violation by any branch or depaituicnt of the Gov-
ernment. In its maintenance, thoic is safety ; but danger
in departure.'"
This is the lansrua^e of Andrew Jackson when
he was arraigned by a committee of tho Senate,
tried, and condemned for alleged offenses as an
officer of the Government. He came before the
Senate of the United States with his protest, and
the history of the world brings its vindication
with it. Shall wc now fall into the very same error
which was then condemned and repudiated? I
trust not. Justice, all that is sacred and dear to
us, should prevent it.
Mr- President, I have remarked that the ob-
jections urged by gentlemen to the passage of
this resolution, and their constructions of ihe law,
are most conflicting. Tho honorable and distin-
guished Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,]
who is ever listened to with pleasure, because of
his wisdom, his age,and his intelligence,_has ex-
pressed his views'" upon the question. Notwith-
standing his high talents, I cannot accord to him
infallibility of "opinion. He assumes that this
•was an act of the President tbf the United States,
and that therefore the board'is not to bo called in
question. Sir, 1 care not where the responsibility
rests*, there is a responsibility somewhere, and a
fearful responsibility. There is a responsibility
attaching to the Senate, who have been made :i
party to this transaction, to see that justice sb ili
be done if injustice has be*'n done to any one.
When, however, distinguished gen'lcmen present
opinions so contrary and so conflicting;, I am^at
a loss to know how to arrive at conclusions f;>r
myself. If, as the Senator from Delaware main-
tains, this was the independent act of the Pres-
ident within his constitutional power, Mini the
board have no connection with it, and no respons-
ibility for it to us or to the country, 1 wjsIi that >
fact to be ascertained, and I .shall then be asre.iey j
to condemn the President of the United States for j
nn- improper exercise of his power, or an act of
injustice, as X would be to condemn the merest , ing, an
beggar who walks through your streets. Thru; !■ <>f, wer<
do:-, not impose this task upon, or intuit this delicate duty
to, the Secretary of the Navy, or even the President. It
does, however,provide that the person? who are to perform
this woi k. shall be fifteen 1 naval officers/ to consist of five
captains,-five commanders, and live lieutenants, oideredby
the President. Afterthusseloctm^ the persons who are to
execute this work,it then provides howit is to be done."
Thus the Secretary of the Navy assumes that
the responsibility for the action of the board is a
divided responsibility; and, if that be true, the
argument made yesterday by my distinguished
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] is per-
fectly sound, and the distinction which lie drew
cannot properly bo characterized, as it lias boon,
as a fine-spun distinction. If the Secretary of the
Navy is right, the Senator from Kentucky is right
when he assumes that the President was not ex-
ercising a mere independent, exclusive, arbitrary,
constitutional power, but he was a part of three
combined powers, joined together to execute a
law of Congress. If this be so, I think tho diffi-
culty of providing a remedy is to some extent
obviated.
t£nt
is tio man so high that he can escape my consul
when my convictions and my judgment point the
way.
But, Mr. President, there is another difficulty
in this case. My honorable friend, *he chairman
of the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. iv'Lu.-
I.0RV,] manifests a zeal in this matter commen-
surate, with his patriotism, his talents, and his
devotion to the peculiar position which has been
assigned him by the Senate. I find no fault with
that honorable gentleman for being disposed, by
all fair and proper means, to sustain and vindicate
the action of the Navy Department; but I think
he may possibly fall into sonic en or. 1 have
asked that the report of this board shall be fur-
nished to the Senate, as a means of information
by which wo shall arrive at the conclusions at
which they seem to have arrived. He has told
us here in the Senate that there was no report,
and lie, spoke cx cdiieilra. "I know," he said,
" that there is no report." Well, sir, I accord to
him all the knowledge that he claims; but if there
be no report, it seems to mo that there is a strange
inconsistency between his statement and thai of
the Secretary of the Navy. The Secretary of the
Navy, in his letter to the President of the United
States, uses these strong and emphatic words:
" At your suggestion, I have carefully examined
their report." Mark the words; I hope the hon-
orable Senator from Florida will listen to what I
read—"I have carefully examined their report."
Now the Serial or says there was no report, except
the mere presentation of the names and grades of
tho officers to bo retired, fuiloughed, and dis-
missed.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the honorable Sena-
tor allow nn; to coirect him?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLOIIY. 1 know the Senator wishes
to understand me precisely as 1 staled my posi-
tion to be, but he has misapprehended me. In
all the attempts of the honorable Senator from
Tennessee to obtain the report,! have presumed
that, as a matter of course, he referred to an offi-
cial report. I could know of no other. I sup-
posed him to refer to an oiTirial iepurt made by
the board to the Navy Dopartmeni, and when I
said tin re wns no r. port, I lefemd to such an
o.'kciai report. 1 bole ve there was none s'le.h,
and I staled that distinctly. All that the Secre-
tary of the Nif.y had of Ihe nature of an oiiicial
n port wns transmitted to Congress. I said, with
equal frankness, that i k.newea, li member of the
board did keep a memorandum which woald fur-
nish for himself a suilieient report. As a matter
of course, the reasons for retiring, for furiough-
and for dropping every uffieer so disposed
:ii eelv canvasstd and throughly exam-
u! a '" '
_..ed, and ample time was givti, as 1 expect to
be able io show. Hach member of the board has
j an historical account of osory transaction of that
Sir, I think there is some mistake amonghon- j; kind m his possession; but that did liotcome
orablegenllemen on this subject. I ask the honor- |! before the Navy Department officially. VVhy .
able Senator from Delaware to read, if he pleases, ]j Simply because the law did not require a record;
- - ' ' • ' ' " -     - Secietary of the
to be kept, I
.lame upon him.
the act of the President? No, sir. Does he assume
that it is his own act as Secretary of the Navy ?
Not at all. Does he say it is only the action of
the board ? No, sir. What does he say? He
divides the responsibility. In his letter to the
President, communicating the action of tile board,
he says:
'• The law on this point speaks plainly and distinctly. It
The law did not inquire a record to be kept. If
the Seeretaiy had ordered a record upon winch
the various causes for the action of the board
were registered, then, superadded to the mortifi-
cation which the dismissed officers felt at^ the
action of the board, would have oeen the needless
publication by the Secretary of the Navy of the
causes for that action. Some of them, dismissed
for a certain reason, might have come and said;
" You have not only dropped me for drunken-
ness, which was in the private knowledge of the
gentlemen who composed the board, or a matter
of official record in the Department, but you have
needlessly spread that fact before the public,
which the law did not require you to do." There-
fore, when I said that no record was kept, I
meant that the board, as a board, kept no official
record. I said distinctly, though, perhaps, my
friend did not understand mo as saying, that I
believed every member of the board kept a dis-
tinct record or memorandum of every case that
came before the board.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I see the distinc-
tion which the honorable Senator makes, and I
had intended to make that distinction for lum
myself, but he has expressed it much better than
I could. Still, the point remains unsettled with
me as a question of fact. The Secretary says
he has " carefully examined " the report of the
board. How long did it take the Secretary to
make that examination' According to the Sen-
ator's supposition, the board sent to the Secretary
two hundred and one names on a slip of paper,
with their positions assigned them, stating that
A. B. was furloughed, or retired, or dismissed,
with no reasons given for the various assignments.
The Secretary of the Navy says, in his letter to
Lieutenant Maury;
"The naval hoard, in accordance with the Saw under
which it was .is.-embled, merely repotted the names and
rnnk of the officers who, in its uid?ment, were affected by
the law, without assigning the reasons for its action."
If there were no reasons assigned, there was
no report except the mere names and grades; and
how long would it take you, sir, or me, or any-
body else, simply to read over the names of two
hundred men, and agree to the finding? Tho
board concluded their labors on the 2Gth of July;
but the letter of the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating tlicir action to tho President of the
United States, is dated the 5th of September.
Then he had forty-one days for tins "careful
j examination" into the report and finding of the
1 board!
j The, honorable Senator from Florida tells us
: that, if a record had been kept, he would have
] condemned it. I find no fault with the opinions
of any Senator on a question of right, or justice,
or propriety. Every Senator is entitled to his
own opinion on such questions. I submit, how-
ever, to the Senate, wliethei the position of the
Senator from Florida on this point can lie main-
tained by argument upon any principle of justice ?
I He says he would have condemned, the board
i if they had kept a record of their proceedings.
' Why? Because, he says, it would publish to the
world the shame and confusion of a portion of
the Navy ! Then he is for protecting the guilty at
the expense of the innocent. Because some men
were covered with shame, with crime, or with
infamy, he would not keep a record giving the
reasons for the action of the board. If there was
only one honest man in the two hundred and one
who did nut deserve' this punishment, a record
oueht to have been kept, m order to give him an
opportunity to defend himself.
Mr. MALLORY. The objects which the
honorable Senator seeks, as I understand it, is to
obtain the causes which operated upon the board
for retiring ceitain gentlemen who have momo-
rahzed the Senate. "WfU not that oujcct be at-
tained through those very private memoranda
orrepoits to'which I have alluded, which indi-
vidual members kept, but not as a board? The
Senator seeks that; and that, I presume, is attain-
able. But this resolution calls for a report made
by the board to the Department. If such a re-
port had been made, it would not only have em-
braced the causes which produced tlm retirement
of those gentlemen who have memorialized us, but
j also the causes of the retirement of those who do
1 not seek for exculpation.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall reach that
! objectioil in a few moments, though, on account
i of indisposition, I shallnot detain the Senate long.
The Senator from Florida says, there was no
official report, but each member of the board kept
his own record, and each officer of the board has
a private memorandum assigning the reasons for
the action of the board in every individual case.
1 would ask any Senator this question. Suppose
he had been arraigned, tried, and condemned by
