1066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7,
California in consideration of his having served
under General Hamer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California moves to take up the bill (S. No.
423) for the relief of Katharine M. Hamer, widow
of the late General Thomas L. Hamer.
The motion wa3. agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
was reported from the Committee on Pensions
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute,
proposing to allow her half the monthly pay to
which her husband was entitled at the time of his
death.
Mr. PITZPATRICK. 1 should like to ask
my honorable friend how much money that will
give this lady ?
Mr. PUGH. Half the pay of her husband.
It does not includo rations or allowance. It is
half the pay proper.
Mr. CLAY. I do not like to object to this
bill; but it exceeds the rate of pension now al-
lowed to any widow, and I cannot agree to go
for it.
Mr. PUGH. We have passed, to my knowl-
edge, one bill this session, in the very words of
this bill, for I copied it, so that my friend from
Alabama is mistaken.
Mr. CLAY. Then I must say that it passed
without my concurrence or knowledge. Under
the general law, no pension so large as that is
. allowed. The half pay of a lieutenant colonel
is the highest allowed, and hence I am obliged to
oppose the bill. I now cannot state the amount,
but I know it exceeds any that has been allowed,
to my knowledge, and 1 think no precedent can
be found for it. I shall oppose the passage of
the bill, and be obliged to call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator ia mistaken in sup-
posing that there have been no bills passed of
this sort. In every instance where the widow
of a general officer has had her case before Con-
gress—-I have observed a number of them—we
have given half pay. The Senator from Califor-
nia and myself nave both been a little in the ser-
vice, and we know that the pay is scarcely one
half what the officer actually receives. The rest
of it is under the denominations of rations, and
forage, and other things; and when we say one
half pay, we do not include any allowance.
Mr. MALLORY. What pay does this bill
give ? IIow much is it'
Mr. PUGII. Half the pay of a brigadier
general.
Mr. WELLER. I think the puy of a briga-
dier general is $104 a month;and this is to allow
half of that.
Mr. F1TZPATRICK. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 10, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ihggs, Ilnglit, Clay, Collainisr, Fitzpat-
rick, Foot, James, iteiu, Thompson of Kentucky, ami
Trumbull—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Douglas, Harlan, Mallory, Pugh, Stuart,
Wade, and Yulee—7.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jliigust 7, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal. He
was interrupted by
Mr. WELLER, who said: I move to dispense
with the reading of the yeas and nays in the
Journal. Everybody looks to the -newspapers
for iliat.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent. *
Mr. BUTLER. I think they ought always to
be read. 1 objcct.
Mr. HUNTER. The Journal should be read
certainly.
The reading was proceeded with, and the Jour-
nal of yesterday was approved.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that there is a res-
olution on the table in regard to the hour of meet-
ing, offered by the Senator from Missouri, which
I think should be taken up and acted upon. We
ought to meet now at eleven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read the proposed order, as follows:
Ordered, That on and after Monday next, the daily hour
of meeting of the Senate shall be eleven o'clock, until other-
wise ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. To-morrow will be Friday,
and I move to amend by inserting that day.
Several Senators.  ay Monday.
Mr. STUART. Let it stand as it is.
Mr. HUNTER. We have but a few days of
the session left. The measures which gentlemen
are pressing can be finished in the morning hours,
otherwise they will interfere with the appropria-
tion bills. It will take every hour after one o 'clock
now to get through with them. In the two hours
of the morning we can get through with a great
deal of business.
Mr. WELLER. I move to insert the words,
"after to-day," instead of " Monday."
The amendment was agreed to; and it was
Ordered, That after to-day the daily hour of meeting of
the Senate shall be eleven o'clock, a. m.,uutil otherwise or-
dered.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting the report of Major
W. H. Emory, United States commissioner on
the survey of the boundary between the United
States and the Republic of Mexico; and on mo-
tion of Mr. Weller, it was
Resolved, That the report of the boundary commission
be referred to the Committee on Printing, with instructions
to inquire into the expediency of punting, for the u&eof the
Senate, five thousand copies of the maps and reports proper
of the commission, twenty-five humlied copies of the
appendix, containing the reports of the botany and nat-
ural history of Hie i-ountty adjacent to the boundary, and
that two himdied and liliy copies of the latter be furnished
the United States commissioner.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of George
V. Van diver, praying to be allowed a pension on
account of sickness contracted while employed in
the removal of the Cherokee Indians; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE presented the memorial of Charles
Waterman, praying the confirmation of the title
to certain lands 111 Milwaukee, Wisconsin; which
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. JAMES presented a memorial of citizens
of the collection district of Bristol and Warren,
Rhode Island, praying for an appropriation for
enlarging the custom-house and post office build-
ing pioposed to be erected in that district; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the memorial of
Joseph Menard, praying for permission to relo-
cate certain warrants for land granted to the late
Marquis De La Fayette, of which he was the
assignee; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. HARLAN presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of extending in-
creased mail facilities on the route from Chauton
to Plattsmouth, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
He also presented the petition of Gustavo A.
Luridberg, an invalid pensioner, praying for an
increase of pension; which was referred to the
Committee 011 Pensions.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Mississippi, praying for the establishment of
a mail route from Canton to Iliilsboro', in that
State; which was referred to the Committee oil
the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That Frances M. Webster have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers.
RELATIONS WITH HONDURAS.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to the Senate any correspond-
ence m the possession of the State Department, m relation
to the refusal by the Honduras Government to receive a
commercial agent from tiiia country.
CONSULATE AT LOO CHOO ISLANDS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, to communicate to the
Senate any information which he may have, together with
his opinion, on the expediency of establiahmg a consulate
for the United States at Loo Choo Islands.
WEST DRINKWATER AND OTHERS.
Mr. PUGH. I move to rcconsider the vote
on the passage of the bill (H. R. No. 205) which
was passed yesterday, for the relief of West
Drinkwater and others. I ask that that motion
may lie on the table, unless the Senator from
Maine wishes to be heard.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be entered.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The bill (H. R. No. 209) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judica
expenses of Government for the year ending th«
30th of June, 1857, and for other purposes, was
read the first and second time by unanimous con-
sent, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed an en-
rolled bill (H. R. No. 73) to provide for carrying
into effect the first article of the treaty between
the United States and her Majesty the Q,ueen
of the kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, of
the 15th day of June, 1846.
Also an act for the relief of the Columbian
Harmony Society of the city of Washington; and
An act to provide for the public instruction of
youth in primary schools throughout the county
of Washington, m the Districtof Columbia, with-
out the limits of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown.  
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
the proceedings of the Medical Association on
the subject of epidemic cholera, reported in favor
of printing the same.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. REID, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of Wil-
liam Leonard, reported that the prayer of the
petitioner be not granted.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of the officers of the Japan expedition, submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the petition of
Thomas J. Russell and Antonio J. Noda, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
435) to compensate the registers and receivers
of the Jand offices in Florida for services in the
entry of certain lands; which was read, and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Su-
sannah T. Lea, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 436) for the relief of Susannah
T. Lea, widow and administratrix of James Ma-
glemen, late of the city of Baltimore, deceased;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
180) making appropriations for fortifications and
other works of defense, and for repairs of bar-
racks and quarters, for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1857, reported it with amendments.
Mr. BIGGS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill (R.
H. No. 345) for the relief of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of Mrs. Magdalene Bouton, widow
of De la Ronde, reported it without amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 346) for the re-
lief of the heirs and legal represen tatives of Ignacio
Dehno, reported itwithout amendment, and sub-
mitted a report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 347) to confirm
