1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE;
Wr
thatboard, and came forward to know the reason
why he had been retired, or dismissed, or dis-
honored, would he not consider it incumbent on
each member of the board who had a private
memorandum to come like men and state the
reasons for his action? Shall these men ensconce
themselves behind the law ? Shall they refuse to
assign reasons, if they have any ? I had no right
to assume that they had private memoranda; but
I had a right to suppose that, as a board, con-
sidering the whole fifteen as a unit, they kept a
record, and that rccord ought to be presented here.
I think, however, that if we could reach the private
memoranda of which the Senator speaks, they
would be found to be very confused, and very
conflicting. 1 think reasons might be found to
exist in some case which would not prevent dis-
tinct and clear reprobation in others. Yet, sir,
we are groping our way in the dark; and honest
men are sacrificed on private memoranda which
wc can neither see nor hear. Is that justice? I#
that equality ? Is it that equality of right, which
we ail claim to feel and exercise, and cherish as
an American birthright? If it is, our boasted
cry of liberty and frgpdom, and the rights of
American citizens, is a miserable humbug.
Sir, I wish now to say a fejv words in reply to
what was stated by my friend from Alabama,
[Mr. Clay,] the other day. He said he was
opposed to this resolution because it implied that
there was a record kept, and that the lesolution
to that extent was an implied ccnsuie on the
board. I do not mean to be so understood. I
do mean, however, to nssume that there was a
report, because my sense of justice, propriety,
and fairness, suggests that there ought to have
been a record. I do not mean any imputation on
the board by saying whether they did or did not
keep a record, because they have not been heard
in their defense; they have not answered whether
they kept a record or not. We have no official
information on that subject. My honoiablc friend
from Alabama finds an imputation on the action
of the board, but 1 think that is a fancy of his.
He said further, that he was opposed to this
resolution, even if there was a record. Sir, if
they kept a record, have we not a right to know
it? I cannot exactly see the force of tlie argu-
ment of the Senator from Alabama. If the objec-
tion applies to the existence of the report, that is.
a good objection, according to his aigument; but
if there be no report, what harm can the resolu-
tion do ? We shall get no report if there is none.
My friend from Alabama said, however, that he
was opposed to it, whether there was a report or
not. In that connection he advanced a sentiment
which I beg to call to his attention, and I think,
upon reexamination, he will hardly be willing to
maintain it. He said:
" But, sir, I say, if such a report did exist, f should not be
willing to vote for tins resolution in if - pit>i;nl Miape ; and
wiij ? It calls upon the Secretary to lay holino the Henate,
and expose to the public, all the charse^ which may exi^t
against all those officers who have been ictned or dropped,
upwaids? of two hundred in number. What piopoilnm of
that number ate petitioning the Senate for lehef? About
oik* fifth. Shall we, at tiie instance of that one fifth, expose
the infirmities, the frailties, the euors—ay, it maybe, the
vices and the entries—ofothor* jn the remaining four fifths ?
Shall wc perpetuate then t-bamc, or it maybe their infamy,
I>y making public and exposing to common obloquy then
acts m past timos m the scrvice of the Government?"
That sentiment is similar to one which has been
uttered by my friend from Florida, About one
fourth or one fifth of the officers who have been
retired or dismissed by the board, have remon-
strated against its finding. My friend from Ala-
bama says he would be opposed to the adoption
of this resolution, and the presentation of the
record of the board if they kept any, if there
was only one fifth of the cases where a remon-
strance "was not made. Why? Because it would
expose the vices, the follies, the infirmities, or, it
may be, crimes of the others. Sir, if I knew that
four fifths of the two hundred were guilty of the
grossest offenses known to our laws; if I knew
that four fifths of them had outraged every prin-
ciple of virtue, of propriety, of morality, and of
religion; and yet believed thai the remaining one
fifth were innocent, and that it was necessary to
the clear vindication of their innocence to do so,
I would expose the crimes and the follies of the
rest. If, in order to rescue only one innocent and
honest man from this terrible catastrophe, it be- :
conies necessary to expose the follies and the vices 1
of two hundred others, I am ready to do it. I am
ready to call for the testimony , and to inflict dis-
credit where discredit is due; bjut 1 will vindicate
the innocent to the last extremity.
In this connection let me say to my Mend from
Alabama, that, if T know my own heart, I have
no desire unnecessarily to expose the follies, the
offenses, the imperfections, the vices of any man
on earth. Common charity prevents it. My
consciousness of my own weakness would forbid
any such cruelty as that. I would throw the
mantle of charity over every folly; I would draw
the veil of obscurity over every vice, so far us I
could do it without inflicting wrong on the inno-
cent; and therefore it is that I suggest to my
friend from Alabama, that I do not seek to pa-
rade before the country all those enormities of
which he speaks, and which may or mny not
exist. I only ask thai (he innocent—those who
chum to be innocent—shall be heard; and if ho"
will offer an amendment to my resolution, con-
fining it only to those whofeol that they have been
aggrieved, I will accept such an amendment..
If there is any portion of the American Navy,
(and I presume there are some officers of that
kind) that is satisfied with the verdict thatjfias
been rendered, I nm perfectly content. 1 seek
not to bring in review their follies or their weak-
nesses. An amendment can be offered confining4
the resolution to those who memorialize Congress,
and ask for redress. J will most gladly accept
such an amendment, and th^t will obviate the
objection made by my friend from Alabama, and
by my friend from Florida. I am content that
those wiio claim a hearing—those who feel the
consciousness, in their own hearts, of integrity
and devotion to the country, and of virtue and
propriety—shall be heard, and to confine the reso-
lution to them alone.
There is a suggestion* that was made by the
honorable Senator from Delaware [Mr. "Bayard]
which I think is a good one, and I am willing to
adopt it, and I cannot for my life see a reason-
able objection against it. A man has been tried
without a hearing, and has been condemned,
and lie comes here and asks us to give him a
rehearing. Is there anything incompatible with
the public interest, or inconsistent with justice,
or opposed to the dictates of propriety, in our
passing a law saying that a revisory board shall
be organized, under the best suggestions of our
wisdom, with a view to the public service, and
that those men who feel themselves aggrieved,
and whose characters and whose honors have
been jeopardized, may appear before another tri-
bunal, where they may answer the charges which :
have been preferred against them > Some Senators'
suggest to me that it will take weeks or monihs.
Sir, I care not whether it takes days, weeks,
months, or years, I would accord to an honora-
ble man a whole lifetime to vindicate his honor;
an J if I had the power to stretch it beyond the
confines of time, 1 would open up the portals of
eternity to him, that he might vindicate his honor
when it was assailed.
With these remarks, Mr. President, I leave the
subject. I have offered the resolution for the
consideration of the Senate, and T trust that it-
will be adopted. If my friends who have objected
to it are content with the amendment which 1
have suggested, I am ready to accede to that, and
let us get at the matter fairly, and let justice be
awarded whee injustice lias been done.
Mr. BROWN. I do notintend, Mr. President,
to review thp speech of my friend from Tennes-
see; but it seems to me that, in his resolution and
in his speech, he has fallen into some errors winch
ought to be corrected.
The whole censure thrown upon the naval
board, not only by my friend from Tennessee,
but by other Senators, seems to me, with till due
deference to the superior judgment of other gen-
tlemen, to be out of place, and arises from a
misconception of what was the true relation of
this board to the law and to the Executive of the
United Stales. The board have not dismissed
any man from the public service. They were
simply authorized, under the law, to advise the
President who ought to be stricken from the list
of naval officers, who ought to be furloughcd,
and who ought to be retired on full pay or on
the reserved list. Their proceedings were ab-
solutely null and void without the approval of
the President. They had no power to do any-
thing beyond simply making a recommendation,
which needed the confirmation of the Executive
before it became in anywise obligatory or effect-
ive—the Secretary of the Navy, of course, inter-
vening between the board and the President.
Therefore, sir, I hold that all the censure which |
is heaped on them, all the complaints that; they f
have not kept a record, are wrong. Who.had the f
right to demand a record, and who had the right \
to review that record, if any had been kept? The |
President, and nobody else—the Secretary of the *
Navy, however, intervening between the Presi-
dent and the board. " •
Sir, we are not here to revise the action of the
board. When the law was passed,, the Senate re-
served to itself no such revisory authority. Con-
gress authorized tfte appointment of a board to
advise the President as to who should be dis-
missed, who should be furloughcd, and who
should be placcd on the reserved list. It belonged,
to the President, and to him alone, under the law,
to revise the action of the board. With tha$
action 1 hold that the Senate has no conccrn. It
is no business of ours whether they kept a record
of their proceedings or not. The President has
approved the action of the board, and from that
approval certain results have been reached; and
you are now asked to concur, not with the action
of the board, but with the action of the President,
which necessarily springs out of the actipn of the
board. Because certain parties have been re-
moved, others furloughcd, and others put upon
the retired list, promotions have become neces- ,
sary; and the President has made his nomina- |
tions for those promotions, and you arc here |
asked to confirm or reject those nominations.  "*
1 do not pretend to say, that censure belongs
anywhere, but I say that least of all can it attach
to the board. Suppose that the President of, the
United States, without the authority of Congress,
as he would have an unquestioned right to do,
under the Constitution, had choscn to appoint a
board to advise lum as to who should be dropped
from the naval list, who should be furloughed,
and who should be placcd on the retired list, if
one had existed—suppose he had taken it into
his head to exercise his constitutional function to
strike certain gentlemen from the list of naval
officers, and, not feeling quite sure in his own
mind who ought to be dropped, he had himself
constituted a naval board to advise him—in that
action, I hold that they would have been respons-
ible to the President, and to nobody else. Instead, t
however, of things taking that direction, Con-
giess by a direct statute authorized the appoint-
ment of such a board. Why was that done?
Congress believed that the President had not ex-
ercised his constitutional functions by striking
inefficient offices s olT die list. They behoved that /
the Navy required reducing; that it required i
pruning; that its dead limbs should be lopped off. /
With a view to enable the President to understand !
who were inefficient, Congress provide<4*for a s
board Simply to advise him.
The President, I say again, might very prop-
erly have demanded of the board, in writing, the
reasons why they made this or that recommend-
ation; but it was for the President, and not for
the Senate, to approve the action of the board.
There was nothing in the law, there is nothing
in the policy of the Government, there is noth-
ing in its past, action, that justifies the Senate in
demanding the reasons why this or that recom-
mendation was made to the President. Our busi-
ness is to revise tin* action of the Executive, and
not that of the board, which was simply advisory
to the President.
Now, sir, have you o ny right to demand of the
President the reasons why he approved the action
of the board ? Have you any right to demand of
a coordinate and equal branch V the Government
the reasons why it has displaced certain officers,
and sent us the names of certain others to take
their pl.ices? I hold most emphatically that you
have no such rights. If you think proper to re-
ject a nomination made by the President, you
may do so for reasons which are satisfactory to
yourselves; but you have no business to demand
from the President why he has dismissed this
officer or that, nor why he has made a nomina-
tion to fill a particular place. As well might the
President come and demand of you the reasons
why you have passed laws, or why you have
refused to confirm nominations.
The departments of the Government are sep-
