1968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7.
the lots B, C, and D, of fractional section nine-
teen, of township sixteen, range twenty-one, of
land subject to sale at Montgomery, Alabama,
on producing satisfactory proof to the land offi-
cer, subject to the approval of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office of the occupancy of
. the lands, and paying therefor the price of $1 25.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and was
the third time, and passed.
LOTS IN PRAIRIE DU CHIEN.
Mr. "WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims to report back
the bill (H. R. No. 352) to confirm to certain
persons therein named their titles to certain lots
in Prairie du Chien, in Wisconsin, without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage. I move to
put the bill on its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
as in Committee of the Whole to consider the
bill. It was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to a third reading, road the third
time, and passed.
OCEAN MAI I. TRANSPORTATION.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I am desi-
rous to discharge myself of a very considerable
responsibility devolved upon me somewhat un-
expectedly. The Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 410) to authorize the Postmaster General
to contract for the transportation of the mails of
the United States from New York to Southamp-
ton, have reported that bill, and the acting chair-
man has devolved on me the duty of calling up
the bill, and endeavoring to press its considera-
tion on the Senate.
I mean now to perform that duty. If the Sen-
ate shall choose to consider it, 1 stand ready to
explain the bill, and the principles on which I
understand the committee have acted. I am also
ready to propose such amendments as I think
will perfect the bill, and make it very valuable to
the country. It is my deliberate opinion, that
the passage of the bill, with the amendments
which I shall propose, will save half a million of
dollars annually to this country, and secure to
us greater facilities in the transportation of the
mails than we enjoy at this time; but I do not
propose to discuss it; I only sav now that I ask
the Senate to take, up the bill. If it is their
pleasure not to take it#up, I of course shall feel
myself absolved from all obligations to press the
matter further at this time. If it be their pleasure
to take it up, I stand ready to explain and ad-
vocate the bill.
Mr. H1GUS. I reported, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims, a number of bills this
morning, which are barely a relinquishment of
the title of the United States to certain lands, and
it is due, it seems to me, to the claimants, that
they should be put on their passage at once. 1
have several of them here, and by getting rid of
them now we get rid of them forever. There
jvill be no discussion in regard to them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Delaware has a motion pending.
Mr. BIGGS. I hope the Senator from Dela-
ware will allow me to have these bills passed.
Mr. CLAYTON. I beg to say to my friend
from North Carolina, that I desire the Senate to
come to a vote on taking up my bill. As I have
endeavored to explain, itis one of vast importance
to the country. If it be the will of the Senate not
to take it up, I shall be perfectly satisfied. If it
is their will, there is no time to lose, because, if
puch a measure is to be passed, itsliould be passed
at once. I ask, as a test proposition, that the
yeas and nays may be recorded on the motion.
If the Senate d^ide that they will not take up
the measure, I have discharged my duty, and I
am satisfied. If the Senate should agree to take
it up, I will explain it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. COLLAMER. In relation to the taking
up of the bill named by the Senator from Dela-
ware,! desire the attention of the Senate for a short
time. I am desirous that the Senate shall be ap-
prised of what is necessarily involved in that bill,
and if the Senate then feel disposed to take it up,
I shall of course yield.
This is a bill introduced by the Senator from
Delaware for the purpose of directing, and not
merely authorizing, the Post Office Department to
make a certain contract, with a certain man, for
a certain sum, to do a certain job; and that is to
carry the mail across the Atlantic, between New
York and Southampton.
This subject came early before the committee at
the commencement of this session on memorials
from men who had contracts with the Govern-
ment in relation to the carrying of the mails
across the Atlantic, and who asked for a renewal
of those contracts. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads early attended to the sub-
ject. They agreed upon and reported abill by their
chairman [Mr. Rusk] m relation to the whole
subject. The purport of that bill, which gentle-
men perhaps have not examined, is to provide
that the whole subject of contracts, for the per-
formance of mail steam service on the Atlantic,
and between the different ports in this country
and foreign countries, shall be put under the di-
rection and control of the Secretary of the Navy
and thePostmasterGeneral, and that all contracts
which have been made, and are proposed to be
renewed, shall be put up to competition.
That bill has been before the Senate for a
number of months. Itis true, that the chairman
has been called home by domestic affliction, and
has not been able to return. Ho had the partic-
ular charge of that bill; and its purport, as I have
stated, was to embrace this whole subject, and
leave it in the hands of the proper Executive De-
partments, upon the application of the people to
enter into proper competition for making proper
contracts.
We consider that this is a very grave subject.
There is involved in it, first, whether steam navi-
gation service shall be any more continued or
enlarged, or whether any old contracts shall be
renewed or new ones made. In the next place,
it involves the question whether these contracts
shall be made by special legislation, on applica-
tions made to Congress by A, I!, C, ana Con-
gress direct imperatively that the contracts shall
be made with this line at certain prices, and for
certain services; in short, whether we shall con-
tinue what lias been recently introduced—the busi-
ness of making congressional contracts. The
committee think it is desirable to avoid that, and
have reported the bill accordingly.
Now, if the bill of the Senator from Delaware,
in relation to Mr. Vanderbilt, be taken up, it
necessarily leads to a debate on the whole sub-
ject,. As a matter of course, the committee will
"offer their bill as a substitute, as that is what the
committee agreed upon. That brings up the
whole subject, and involves also the renewal of
some of these contracts, because some of them
are nearly out, and the memorials of the parties
are before us, and the present bill comes in com-
petition with those memorials and applications.
It therefore necessarily opens the whole subject.
If the Senate believe that they have time fairly
and fully to consider the subject in all its im-
portant bearings, now, at this stage of the ses-
sion, and at the same time pass the nccescary
appropriation bills, they will take it up; but if
they do, I hope they will make up their minds
beforehand to give a full consideration to the
matter, for it must necessarily lead to a great
latitude of discussion. My view is, that the con-
dition of the business of the Senate, at this junc-
ture of our affairs, is such as will not enable us
to do it, and we ought not to take up the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill
making appropriations for the support of the
Army. It was understood yesterday that we
should proceed with that subject at one o'clock
to-day. I make that motion in order to get rid
of debate on the priority of business.
Mr. CLAYTON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion. 1 desire it to be understood that,
if the Senate take up the Army bill, 1 shall con-
sider it a decision that it is not their will to take
up the bill which I propose, and I shall bow to
their decision; but I desire, as that is strictly the
issue before the Senate, to have the question
taken by veas and nays.
Mr. WELLER. I will say to the Senator
from Delaware that this would be a very bad
way of obtaining a test vote, because there are
many of us pledged to the Senator from Virginia
to assist in getting up the Army bill to-day.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I will ask my honor-
able friend frem Virginia not to insist on that
motion, but to withdraw it, to enable me to make
a disposition of the bill which was made the
special order for to-day. I admire his zeal. I
think it is appropriate. I am conscious, that
to call on the Senate to pass by a general appro-
priation bill, for one for the benefit of my con-
stituents, would not be proper. My bill em-
braces a large number of my constituents, and I
merely wish to postpone it to twelve o'clock on
Tuesday.
Mr. HUNTER. If that vote could be taken
without debate I would be willing to agree to it;
but I am afraid there will be debate. He had
better, in some morning hour, call up this bill, and
try the sense of the Senate.
CREEK SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. We have commenced
meeting at eleven o'clock now; and I will get it
through m the morning hour if I can.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is the bill (S. No. 81) to provide for the
examination and payment of certain claims for
depredations committed by the Creek Indians;
which is now before the Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I move to postpone
it, and make it the special order for twelve o 'clock
on Tuesday.
Mr. CLAYTON. How can that bill be taken
up when there is a question pending ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Because the
rule provides that, at the hour of one o'clock, the
Chair shall call the special order; and that hour
has arrived.
Mr. CLAYTON. Is that the special order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the spe-
cial order for to-day, and it was made so some
days since.
Mr. CLAYTON. The bill to which I allude
is a special order some days ahead of that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Delaware moved to take up that bill this
morning; but the bill of which the Chair has
just stated the title is the special order for to-day,
at one o'clock, and overrides everything.
Mr. HUNTER. My motion is to postpone
all prior orders, and take up the Army appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to give notice, that
to-morrow I shall move to change the rujes of
the Senate, so as to prevent debate on the priori-
ty of business for the rest of the session.
Mr. CLAYTON. I wish to make one remark
in reply to the honorable Senator from California.
He says I cannot have a test vote upon the mo-
tion of our friend from Virginia, who moves to
take up the Army appropriation bill. I say that
is a test vote upon the merits of the question of
taking up the ocean steamer bill. If I cannot
have it taken up now, I have no hope of taking
it up at all, because the honorable Senator from
Virginia this morning very properly said it will
take nearly the whole time to pass the appropria-
tion bills hereafter. If, therefore, the bill gets
the go-by to day, it is in vain to say that we can
get it up again. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will require
unanimous consent to consider the bill of the
Senator from Delaware,
Mr. CLAY. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. 1VERSON. 1 desire to know whether it
is in order to amend that motion by asking that
the Creek spoliation bill shall be particularly
postponed until one o'clock, and all other busi-
ness be postponed generally?
Mr. HUNTER. If Senators say they will
not debate it, I am willing to agree to postpone
that bill until Tuesday.
Mr. CLAY. I will not debate it. I only want
it to have a day fixed for its hearing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the
question is on postponing the special order, which
is the bill (S. No. 81) to, provide for the exam-
ination and payment of certain claims of citizens
of Georgia and Alabama, on account of the losses
sustained by depredations of the Creek Indians,
and make it a special order for Tuesday next, at
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
