135&]
APPENDIX TO THE COWOftESSIOFfAL GLOBW
sm
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas.
SENATE.
and that " we must conquer, or mingl* the
BODIES Of TUB OPPRESSORS WITH THOSB OP THE
OPPRESSED If PON THE SOIL ^7HICH THE DeCLARA*
XIOK or INDEPENDENCE NO LONGER PROTECTS !"
The language is, " we must conquer!" Whom ?
Who are the enemies that Governor Reeder
and his confederates propose to conquer? The
"proper tribunals!"—the courts of justice for
sustaining the validity of the laws—the executive
officers for maintaining the supremacy of the laws
—Congress for refusing to admit Kansas into the ; j
Union without one third the requisite population, 1
and with a constitution made by apolitical party,
and presented here vith a threat of a " bloody
issue in the event that the Senate and House of
Representatives dare to reject the application!
These are the " proper tribunals" whose author-
ity is to be resisted " with the steady eye and the i
Btrongarm." These are the proper tribunals!
whose officers are to be ccafluered, or the Free- i
Soilers of Kansas " will mingle the bodies of the |
oppressors with those of the oppressed upon the
sou which the Declaration of Independence no
longer protects !"
Did not the Senator from Vermont know of i
this speech of Governor Reeder? Did he not |
know that the sentimentscontained in this speech ]
were i dorsed and affirmed in the resolutions i
•f the convention which nominated Governor i
Reeder for Congress ? Did he not know that the I
very persons who formed the constitution and j
State government at Topeka, voted for Governor i
Reeder for Congress because of the opinions and
purposes set forth in this speech, and this pledge
to become their champion and abide their fate ?
Governor Reeder was elected to Congress upon
the platform of principles embraced in this speech
nnd the resolutions of the Big Springs conven-
tion. It was this platform, and Governor Reeder's
advocacy of it, which induced the whole Free-
Sot! party—or, as they now call themselves, free i
State party—to cease their opposition to Gov-
ernor Reeder, aud adopt him as their champion i
and standard-bearer. It was this platform which |
brought him to the House of Representatives as i
a Delegate, and to this Chamber as a Senator, de-
manding admission on behalf and' in the'name,
of those who formed the constitution and State
government at, Topeka, resolved " to conquer,
or mingle the bodies of the oppressors with
those of the oppressed, upon the soil which the
Declaration of Independence no longer protects!" i
But, in the face of these facts, and with a full |
knowledge of them, the Senator from Vermont
tefts us that the free State movement in Kansas
did not contemplate rebellion or resistance to the !
authority of this Government, but was all de-
pendent " upon the acceptance and ratification
by Congress." How does he attempt to sustain
his proposition ?
First, by ignoring and excluding the proceed-
ings of the Big Springs convention, upon the
ground that it was out of the line of the history ;
of the free State movement. j
Secondly, by ignoring and suppressing the en- .
tire proceedings of the convention which formed i
the constitution at Topeka, without assigning any \
reason for this latter omission. Were not the pro- i
ceedings of the convention which formed the con- j
stitution within the line of the history of that in-
8trument and the purposes of its makers ? But the i
proceedings of the constitutional convention, as 1
well as the territorial convention at Big Springs,
must all be excluded in order to exculpate those
who controlled the whole movement from being
justly subjected to the consequences of organized
resistance tat he laws of the Territory, and defiance !
to the authority of the Federal Government and 1
its "proper tribunals." The Senator from Ver- i
mont will listen to no other evidence—will receive
none which is not to be found in the Lawrence
meeting on the 14th of August, and the conven-
tion at Topeka on the 19th of September. It ia
true that the Lawrence meeting was the first to
nose a convention at Topeka. The preamble
e resolution assigned as a reason that " the
people of Kansas have been since its settlement,
and now are, without any law-making power."
The second step in the series of events was the
adoption of a resolution by the Big Springs con-
vention approving of the call by the Lawrence
meeting, for the reason that it " repudiated the-
acts of the so-called Kansas Legislative Assem-
bly. " By this resolution the movement became
general, and extended all over the Territory. The
Lawrence meeting was a small affkir—a mere local
town-meeting—while the Big Springs convention
was composed of delegates from every county
in the Territory. Thus it will be seen that the
movement, which had its first demonstration in j
a town-meeting at Lawrence, on the plan of treat-
ing- the Legislative Assembly which Congress
had established in the Territory as a nullity, be-
came general and coextensive with the limits of 1
the Territory by means of the Big Springs con- :
vention, with the distinct understanding that in the
event Congress should reject their applicationfor ad-
mission they would " resist to a bloody issue." It
also appears from the same proceedings that they
so far anticipated the event, now certain to hap-
pen, that Congress would reject their applica-
tion, that they determined then to prepare for
"the bloody issue" by recommending to their
friends throughout the Territory " in the mean
time to organise and discipline volunteer compa-
nies, and the procurement and preparation qf
arms."
1 now submit the question to the Senate whether
the proceedings of the convention at Big Springs—
at which the ultimate purposes of the whole
movement are distinctly declared in the event
Congress should reject their application—in
which provision is made for organizing and dis-
ciplining military companies in every county of
the Territory, and for procuring arms and mu-
nitions of war in anticipation of that probable
event—are so far outside of the line of the true
history of the free State movement that it is irrel-
evant and improper to bring them before the
Senate as illustrative of the real objects and
ultimate designs of those who originated and
controlled them ? I considered it more respectful
to the Senate, and consistent with a fair and im-
partial exposition of the subject, to present all
the material facts • calculated to shed light upon
its true character and ultimate objects, than to
withhold and keep out of view the large portion .
of them. The Senator from Vermont thought
otherwise, and prepared the minority report :
accordingly. Let the Senate decide between as.
But I have been as much surprised at the reasons
assigned by the Senator from Vermont for ex- .
eluding the proceedings of the Big Springs con- !
vewtion as I have been at the fact itself. The
reasons are that the convention at Big Springs,
although representing every county in the Terri- ,
tory, was a party convention, composed of and 1
representing only the free State party, and hence
its proceedings ought not to be considered as a
fair expression of the opinions of the whole
people of Kansas-. Was not the meeting at Law-
rence on the 14th of August a party meeting in
the same sense ? True, they called it a " people's
meeting." But Were there any people there
except free State men ? Were any others invited-
or expected ? Was not the convention at Topeka:
on the 19th of September a party meeting in the
same sense? Was it not composed avowedly and
exclusively of free State men with as much cer-
tainty as the Big Springs convention ? Did it not
assemble in pursuance of the call made at Law-
rence, and indorsed at Big Springs, and for the
well-known and avowed purpose of carrying out
the objects disclosed in tne proceedings of Doth
of these meetings or conventions ? How, then,
can you separate them, and call the one a party
meeting and the others people's meetings, when
they were composed of the same persons, and
assembled forthe furtherance of the same common
object, although they may at times have passed
under different names ? Was not the convention
which assembled at Topeka on the fourth Tues-
day of October, and formed the constitution, also
a party convention in the same sense? Wm not
the whole movement, in all its parts, from its
incipient steps at Lawrence on the 14th of August
to the organization of a bogus Legislature and the
inauguration of a mock governor at Topeka on
the 4th of March, a party movement? If, thep,
the Senator from Vermont is right in excluding
the proceedings of the Big Springs convention
upon the ground that it was a party convention,
and hence disqualified from participating in the
formation of a constitution and State government*
he must reject tad suppress the whole movement1
for the same reason!
But the Senator from Vermont was not content
with excluding the proceedings of the Big Springs
convention, in order to exculpate his Free-Soil
friends in Kansas from the crime of meditating
rebellion and treason against the United States.
He was enabled to brush those proceedings out
of his way, upon the assumption that they were
the acts and doings of a party, and not of the
whole people, and, consequently, not within the-
true line of the history of this free State move-
ment. But still there remains directly in his path",
and staring him in the face, the proceedings of
the convention which formedthe constitution with
which he proposes to bring Kansas into the Union
as a State! The proceedings of that constitu-
tional convention are equally fatal to the position
he has assumed for exculpating the authors of
these revolutionary movements. Copious extracts
of these proceedings are set out in the majority-
report, and were referred to the other day m ihy1
speech, for the purpose of showing that the con-
stitution was formed expressly with the view of
putting the State government in immediate opera-
tion, in conflict with the territorial government,-
without waiting for the action of Congress on
their application for admission. The question
was distinctly made upon a resolution of instruc-
tion to the committees, and after flill debate was
decided in the affirmative, and the constitution
formed accordingly. In the debate, Mr. Delabay,
who has since been elected to represent the niw
State in Congress, opposed the proposition upon
the ground that it did constitute an act of " rebel-
lion." On the other hand, the friends of the
proposition defended it as'ft revolutionary right,
sanctioned by the example of our fathers in the
Declaration of Independence, ttad: declared that
they would not " wait at an hour forthe action
of Congress." In view of these facts; was k!
! not prudent in the Senator from Vermont to main-
tain an ominous silence in respect to the pro-
; ceedings of the constitutional convention ?■ He!
could not have produced these facts, either in his
report or his speech, without annihilating- every
[ proposition which he assumed as the baSis of hfsi
; defense of' his Free-Soil friends in? Kansas; He
; could not have referred to these facts without!
; betraying a consciousness that they had resolved
on' • rebellion "against theauthorityof the United'
States. He could not make the excuse, an in th^-'
case of the Big-Springs convention, that the pto-
ceedings of tne convention -which formed the1
constitution Were outside of the IiWe of' fh4 his-'
tory of that instrument, and hence furnished no-,
evidence of the intentions of it* makers'. He'
could avail' himself of none of these modes of
escape; and, consequently, there was no other
course left open to him except- to pais# over the*
proceedings of the constitutional • convention in-
silence, and theft- draw eortclttsioW dit*<Hly the5
reverse of those' to which: he wc«itd Have bfeen*
driven, had he presented' the whole history of th^'
movement. Who can ftcB to admire the pru-
dence which dictated tliitf onrirttms silence oh a!
point so important as to be conclusive of tbe'!
matter in controversy ?
The Senator from VerinOnt desires to know*
what the secret' military organization had to dd'
with the questions1 under discussion ? I' wilpffrf
form hiril what it) had to dta'With theW*. It Will-
be recollected that the Big Springs convention'
resolved to " resist to a bloody issue," sOsoon as1
peaceable remedies should fail, and, in anticipa-
tion of such failure, recommended to their friends
throughout the Territory, " in the mean time,"'
to procure arms and munitions of war. Ina«^
much as this recommendation has not been pwS-
licly executed,-it was important to know by w'haf
lefcret nfieand the military had been orgtenn&d a'ftd'
disciplined; and snch large Quantities of Shiu'ptf'V
rifles, and' cannon, powder, and lead', and otheff
munitions of war, had been provided. Hertcfi the1
importance of exposing this secret' military or-
ganization, called the "Kansas I>gioH," and1
showing the revolting and profane oaths by -Which
all its members werebOundto Jght in acommon*
cause, obey secret signs, unknown to their fellow-
citizens, and to vote-at all- elections for such can-
didates as the secret order should dictate; tljti^
plaeing the whole powfer of the Territory t civil
