1656.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
exhibits an example of a people occupying a more
ennobling attitude than the people of the South ?
To vituperation they oppose calm reason. To
menaces and threats of violence, and insulting
assumptions of superiority, they disdain reply.
To direct attacks on their rights or their honor,
they appeal to the guarantees of the Constitution;
and when those guarantees shall fail, and not till
then, will the injured, outraged South throw her
sword into the scale of her rights, and appeal to
the God of battles to do her justice. I say her
sword, because I am not one of those who be-
lieve in the possibility of a peaceful disruption
of the Union. It cannot come until every pos-
sible means of conciliation have been exhausted;
it cannot come until every angry passion shall
have been roused; it cannot come until brotherly
feeling shall have been converted into deadly
hate; and then, sir, with feelings embittered by
the consciousness of injustice, or passions high-
wrought and inflamed, dreadful will be the inter-
necine war that must ensue.
Mr. President, amongst what I consider to be
the most prominent dangers that now exist, is the
fact that the leaders of the Republican party at the
North have succeeded in persuading the masses
of the North'that there is no danger. They have
finally so wrought upon the opinion of their own
people at home by the constant iteration of the
same false statements and the same false principles,
that the people of the North cannot be made to be-
lieve that the South is in earnest, notwithstanding
its calm and resolute determination which pro-
duces the quiet, so ominous of evil, if ever the
clouds shall burst. The people of the North are
taught to laugh at the danger of dissolution. One
honorable Senator is repovted to have said, with
exquisite amenity, that the South could not be
kicked out of the Union. The honorable Senator
from New York says:
" The slaveholders, in spite of all tlieir threats, are bound
to it by the same bonds, and they aie bound to it also by a
bond peculiarly their own—that of dependence on it for their
oi&n safety. Three millions of slaves are a hostile force con-
stantly in their presence, in their very midst. The servile
war is always the most tearful form 01 war. The world with-
out sympathizes inth the servile enemy. Against that var,
fhe American Union is the only defense of'the slaveholders
—their only protection. If cvei they shall, in a reason of
madness, rpcedc from that Union and^provoke that war,
they will—soon come back again."
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] indulges in the repetition of a fig-
ure of rhetoric that seems peculiarly to please his
ear and tickle his fancy. He represents the south-
ern mother as clasping her infant with convulsive
and closer embrace because the black avenger,
with uplifted dagger, would be at the door, and
lie tells us that is a bond of Union which we dare
not violate.
The South has no answer to make to these
taunts, to these insults. But I tell honorable
Senators that they are totally mistaken if they
suppose for one moment that the condition of the
South, as regards its slave property, would not
be vastly ameliorated by this very separation of
which they speak so glibly.
Sir, it was said the other day by my friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Geyer,] that there existed more
comity between any two foreign nations now on
the face of the earth than there exists on the part
of the northern States towards the South. Why
is this ? 'It is because it does not cost the North
one cent. It is because the North makes no sac-
rifice. It is because, disregarding the obligations
of the Constitution and treading them under foot,
she dares to attack the honor and the interests of
the South, which are protected by the provisions
of that Constitution, whilst the South, loyal to
her duties and to her faith, is bound hand and
foot by the same Constitution, and prevented
from making reprisals, or evincing resentment.
But, sir, suppose these bonds were to fail for
a moment; suppose this common compact once
repudiated by all; think you that the North would
be found pursuing this warfare upon the South ?
Think you that she would not be compelled im-
mediately to ask us to accept treaties of extradi-
tion for our fugitive slaves ? Think you she
would not come and tender such treaties to us,
and pass law's forbidding our slaves crossing their
frontiers? Let me not be misunderstood. lam
not here to pretend for a moment that the South
is equal in population or military strength with
the North. I do not refer to that at all. I speak
of that compulsion which would be exercised
upon the North by a regard to its own interests,
by the necessity of avoiding the destruction of
large commercial and manufacturing properties
at the North.
Why, sir, if the people of New England had
to pay a tax for every word they utter with a
view of aggression upon the South, how many
words would they utter ? But that would be the
case if there was a disruption. We should be
compelled in self-defense to wage a continual, un-
remitting war in which no sacrifice would bo too
costly, because we should be bound to it by all
the bonds of which gentlemen have spoken; we
never could abandon such a warfare because our
very safety and existence would be at stake.
What would be the interest of the North? Would
she pay tax after tax ? Would she moot the ex-
penses of a dreadful war, continued through a
long series of years, for the pleasure of exercising
her philanthropic propensities in receiving some
fugitive slaves? Not at all, sir. Those are ig-
norant of human nature who believe such a thing
to be possible. Therefore it is idle to talk to us
about the risks we ran in regard to our particular
institution that would result from a disruption of
the Union.
I see that my friend from New York is study-
ing the law of nations. I will give him another
little passage from Cooper's Justinian:
" Slavery is where one man is subjected to the dominion
of another according to the law of nations."
Mr. SEWARD. Have you no more ancient
authority ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I give you the earliest and
the latest.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg to correct the honor-
able Senator. He did not read the whole of the
passage. He ought to be candid, and read the
whole sentence.
Mr. BENJAMIN. "Slavery is where one
man is subjected to the dominion of another, ac-
cording to the law of nations, though contrary to
natural rights."
Mr. SEWARD. <£ Though contrary to natu-
ral rights."
Mr. BENJAMIN. The proposition of the
Senator from New York did not touch natural
rights. He spoke of the law of nations.
Mr. President, one of the principal causes
which operates in inducing the masses of the
people in the North to sustain the leaders of the
Black Republican cause is, their ignorance of fact;
their having been misled by so continuous, so
persistent a perversion of truth on this subject,
that they have finally been induced to hate white
men and love black men in preference. If a trav-
eler or a philosopher came to this country, and
were desirous of ascertaining in what manner a
body of nearly four millions of the people of the
country were treated, whether they were well fed,
well clothed, kindly treated, and exempted from
suffering, to what source would that traveler, or
that philosopher, if lie were a man of intelligence,
address himself for the purpose of arriving at a
correct result? He would take the statistics of
the country; he would say to himself, " All ex-
perience has proved that this rule is unbending—
physical comfort and kind treatment will promote
the increase of population, whilst the absence of
that physical comfort, want, or suffering, will
produce the contrary result." Then, if he took
up the statistics which the officers of this Gov-
ernment have been paid so much money for col-
lecting—most of whom have been employed from
the northern States—he would find, strange as it
may appear, that since the year 1810, at which
period importations of slaves into this country
had ceased, if you deduct from the white popu-
lation its increase resulting from emigration, and
if you add to the black population the decrease
which has resulted from the emancipation of
slaves, the ratio of the increase of slaves is greater
than that of the whites.
Sir, the philosopher or traveler to whom I have
referred would at once come to his conclusion, and
note it down as an established fact; but your Black
Republican is not to be misled by any such chi-
canery as this! He has read in a novel the
authentic fact that Mr. Legree whipped Uncle
Tom to death, and that is a thousand times more
satisfactory than any such foolish things as offi-
cial documents.
Sir, we are told, " if, however, your negroes
are so well treateil, if the came humanity is dis-
played towards them as you wish to lead us to
believe, why is it that so many of them run away?"
I have looked to the census to find something on
that point, if I could,' and I found tkat out of this
population, one in twenty-seven hundred runs
away. It struck me that it might perhaps be an
interesting inquiry for our amiable philanthropic
friends to ascertain whether, in their own beloved
North, there might not be one restless • man in
twenty-seven hundred who wojild abandon even
wife, children, and the comforts of home, what-
ever might be the conforts o£ his position, and go
and seek some strange fortune elsewhere. If that
be so, and if this calculation be not exaggerated,
I do not think the fact of one in twenty-seven
hundred running away amounts to a great deal
towards proving that southern slaves are harshly
treated.
But, sir, there is another significant fact to be .
found in that same census. The State of Massa-
chusetts has opened wide her arms for the recep-
tion and proper entertainment, and admission to
social and political privileges of free colored per-
sons. The State of Virginia thinks that class of
population dangerous to her peace as long as sla-
very exists. Therefore, theState of Virginia, by
a scries of enactments of the severest character,
is endeavoring to drive her free colored population
out of the State. Here is the State of Virginia
driving them out; the State of Massachusetts open-
ing her arms for their reception; and yet these
free colored people will pertinaciously and obsti-
nately insist on remaining in Virginia, where col-
ored people are badly treated, and even go as far,
the wretches, Sis to apply to the Virginia Legisla-
ture for permission to enslave themselves over
again !
That appears in the statistics of the country;
but all that is of no account whatever, because,
if I remember aright, in that self-same novel we
have the very authentic fact related of a colored
woman's jumping across the Ohio river with her
child in her arms—that outweighs ten thousand
statistical documents or statistical deductions I
It is in this manner, Mr. President, that upon
all occasions this subject is treated—no candor,
no sincerity, no regard for facts, no hesitation at
the enunciation of principles, whatever they may
be, to suit the occasion; until the people of the
North, misled—kindly in their feelings—having,
their sympathies aroused in behalf of these slaves,
who are represented to them as victims of south-
ern cruelty, have been almost led to hate the peo-
ple of the South for their supposed inhumanity.
There is, however, one aspect of this subject
of the treatment of slaves in the South, which is
not always regarded, and in relation to which it
may, perhaps, be proper to refresh the memory
of our northern friends. Even where those cases
of whipping and ironing take place—which are
pictured in such horrid colors, in such black de-
formity, to the people of the North—they are the
exercise of a police magistracy over the "slave.
They are not the indulgence of any cruel propen-
sities. The southern slaveholder is the magistrate
of his slaves.
Let me illustrate what I mean by a single ex-
ample. Let a southern slave on a plantation com-
mit burglary; let him break open the cabin of
another slave and steal his peculium—steal the
little petty trcasuresthat his fellow-slave may have
accumulated in his cabin; his master, on discov-
ering it, will order him to be whipped, and there
the whole criminal procedure will have ended.
If the same occurrence takes place at the North,
between white persons, the man, if convicted, is
sentenced to the penitentiary for a term of years.
If it occurs in philanthropic England, the man—
I believe formerly would ha\e been hung—but
now he will simply be torn from wife, children,
country, home, and friends. He will simply be
manaclcd, and put in the hold of a convict ship.
He will be transported at once thousands of miles
across the water, and put in chains to cultivate a
penal colony of Great Britain, in the southern
seas. Yet, the American slaveholder, who has
had his slave whipped for breaking into and
robbing the neighboring slave's cabin, is held up
to the gaze of the civilized world as a monster of
guilt; while British philanthropy chuckles in self-
complacency at its tender mercies towards the
transported convict!
Mr. President, 1. have dwelt on this subject
longer than I intended—not quite so long as my
