870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
—I have the Secretary's word for it—will rcnom- j
inate them to take the piace which they held an- : i
teriorly to the passage of the law. That is tap ;j
remedy, and the only remedy. We may talk as
much as we please—we may argue about Amen- i,
can principles, or common law principles—but wc • ^
have now n9 power over the subject other than M
that. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not mean, :
Mr. President, to detain the Senate, but I wish j
to ask a question of my friend from Maryland. |
1 do not care a straw where the responsibility :
attaches. There seerfrs to be an earnest desire 1
on the part of some gentlemen, particularly with J
my friends from Mississippi and Maryland, to •
put the responsibility upon the President. 1 do j
not seek to put it there, but I shall not evade its 1
being put there. I do not care where you put; it. •
I say there is a responsibility somewhere, and j
the world knows it. If this board desire to shirk j
the responsibility, I am content. I do not seek 1
to place it anywhere; but I maintain that there is ■
a responsibility, and I ask gentlemen to locate it. '
My friend from Maryland says that the Amer-
ican law, of which I spoke, deduced from the
common law, does not apply. Sir, it applies as
universally as the law of justice applies. I do
not designate it, in any political sense, as an
American law. You may call it a republican
law, a Washingtonian law, a Whig law, a Demo-
cratic law—I care not what you call it; it is the
law of justice that a man shall bo heard before he
is condemned. My friend from Maryland assumes
that this American law has nothing to do with
the question. Why? Because, he says, the Pres-
ident had power to dismiss anyhow, and that it
was the exercise of a constitutional power, beyond
the control of the legislative or judicial department
of the Government. If that is so in truth and in
fact, it would make some difference; but will that
honorable Senator pretend to say—will any man
here say—that, in the absence of this law, which
the President was made in part to execute, lie
would have dismissed two hundred and one men
from the Navy? No, sir. With all his nerve—
and I understand he has got enough of it—and
•with all the nerve which he and General Jackson
together had, he would not have exercised this
great constitutional power of striking oft' the
heads of two hundred men without investigation.
It cannot be put, therefore, 011 that ground; and
we mustfall back at last upon the divided respons-
ibility—that the President was an executive offi-
cer, and executed a law of the Congress of the
United States.
Again: my friend from Maryland asks what
shall we accomplish by repealing the law. I have
not proposed to repeal the law. I repeat, what 1
have said before, that I believe the law was a good
one. It may not have been sufficiently guarded;
it is very difficult to throw sufficient guarantees
around any law. It may require amendments;
but I believe the law to nave been a good one.
It is of its execution that i complain. I do not
ask for the repeal of the law; but I can tell my
friend from Maryland what would follow its
repeal. If it should be repealed, what would
rbecome of the one hundred and sixty men who
have been retired orfurloughcdr Can you show
me any constitutional power on the part of the
President to retire a man or furlough him? lie
has the strong power of dismissal, but there is
no retired list under the Constitution.
t Mr. MAbLORY. Allow me to state to the
'•Senator, that the practice of furloughing officers
has existed as long as we have been a nation, and
no exception has ever been taken to it by any
officer of the Navy. The power of furloughing
a man on about one third of his full pay has
' always existed in the British service.
Mr. BENJi^MlN. This very law reserved
that power.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The President,
under the law in question, has exercised the power
of furlouglung men 111 consequence of the action
of the board; but where do you find such a fur-
lough as this—furlouglnng a man and putting linn
under a continual disability from promotion?
Where do you find the constitutional power for
that ?
Mr. PRATT. I will answer the question.
The law passed at the last session gave the Pres-
ident the power to make a retired and a furlough
list. Am f not right in that?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRATT. Officers are retired and are fur-
loughed; and therefore the law has been exe-
cuted. Your repeal of the law will not put them
back again; they will still remain retired and fur-
loughed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not agree
; with my friend from Maryland. The Senator
! from Florida, when he says the President has
j exercised the power of putting officers on fur-
j lough pay, does not meet the case which I stated,
■ because, after that exercise of power by the
President, they were still in the line of promo-
; tion as before; but under this law you impose a
disability on a man by which he is forever ex-
j eluded from promotion. This is the result of
the law of Congress, and not of any constitutional
i power vested in the Executive. My honorable
; friend from Maryland says the law has been ex-
j wecuted, and that, if you repeal it, those who have
ii been retired have no remedy. I do not concur in
I that opinion. The law is not executed until its
Results become final. When you confirm the
j i/nominations for the places of those who have
ifsbeen dismissed or retired, the law will be at an
•: end, and the power of the President under it will
'■be at an end; but not till then. If all that has
lt "been done be annulled, and the confirmations be
■' rejected, these gentlemen, according to my un-
;: del-standing, will fall back to the positions from
! which they have been ejected.
I shall not argue that question, however. I
[' will repeat again, that the only point which seems
| to excite pecuharmterest with some of my friends
is to locate the responsibility. I have no desire
i| to put it on the President, or on any particular
| person. All that I desire is, that men who have
been unfairly dealt with shall have n hearing.
; My friend from Maryland has told us his remedy,
■i I tell him it is not a fai one. He tells us to go
to the President, or to the Secretary of the Navy,
■ I with our petitions and appeals. Sir, when did
II an American Senator ever go with appeals to any-
ij body? We are here to exercise the law-making
\ \ power. If my friend's suggestion be right, 1
!j might stand a very poor chance, and the victims
M who have been submitted to my care might pos-
ji sibly fare very poorly. Suppose I should be in
!! bad odor with the President, or the Secretary of
;, the Navy—suppose my arguments should be heard
i with many grams of allowance—would that place
each officer in the Navy upon an equality5 I
■ | might go to the Department, and ar^ue the ques-
,! tion without effect. Some more favored, more
fortunate, and certainly more worthy, member
of the Senate than 1 am, might succeed; and his
innocent victim might be restored, and my inno-
cent victim might be left to suffer the tortures of
a condemnation unjust and unmerited. That is
no remedy to me.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, it seems to me
that this whole discussion is out of place. The
resolution before the Senate has 110 relation what-
ever to the merits of the law, or the conduct of
the naval board. It is simply a resolution calling
for information. Some members of the Senate
say that no such information exists. 1 think it
will be extremely unfortunate for that board if
no information does exist 011 the subject. It
must be a pretty high-handed measure for them
to leave behind no trace by which the facts on
which they proceeded so seriously to affect the
character and standing of their brother officers
may be ascertained. This debate has arisen upon
a mere resolution of inquiry, in which I can see
110 mischief; for, if there be no information, the
Secretary of the Navy will say so; and if there
is infoi mation, it is necessary for us to have it, in
order to prepare for the action which it is well
known will be attempted in this body. Com-
plaints are pouring in upon us every day. They
are before the Committee on Naval Affairs, and I
understand that that committee will soon report
on them to the Senate. If there is any informa-
tion bearing upon the subject, it is due to the
Senate, it is due to ourselves, and to the late
board, before we come to any conclusion, to have
j that information.
i Sir, the honorable Senator from Maryland
! [Mr. Pratt] says there is no remedy. I beg
j| leave to diflrr fioni him. The honorable Senator
\\ from Tennessee, who introduces the resolution,
N tells you that he does not propose to repeal the
II law. I concur very much with what was said on
that subject yesterday by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] and I am
ready to go to the extent of repealing the law, if
that be necessary. When the law shall be re-
pealed, in what condition will those officers who
have been placed on the retired list stand ? They
cannot then be on the retired list, because there
will be no such list in the Navy. They will then
be in the Navy; and if the law which places them
out of the line of promotion be repealed, they will
be in a condition to be promoted. They are not
on the retired list or the furlough list, in conse-
quence of the exercise of the power suggested by
the Senator from Florida—the power of the Pres-
ident or of the Navy Department to furlough
officers. They have been furloughed 01* retired
under the provisions of a law,'-and if that law be
repealed, their furlough and retirement ceases.
Itis said, however, that there is no remedy for
those who have been dropped or removed en-
tirely. Itis said that the President, under the Con-
stitution, has the power to remove these officers,
and that he has exercised it and removed them.
According to my opinion, he has not exercised
any power which he possesses under the Consti-
tution, because, when he turns out an officer under
the power vested in him by the Constitution, he
is not required to give any reason for it. He has
turned these officers out of the Navy under the
power vested in him, not by the Constitution, but
by the law of the last Congress, which law de-
clares that they should be turned out because they
were incompetent and unfit for service. That is
what they complain of. They have been tried by
a secret tribunal, and the very men who tried them
have been benefited by their being turned out of the
service, and have been promoted themselves; and
they have given us 110 information of the grounds
on which they acted.
Now, sir, it strikes me that the passage of a
resolution of this nature is due to the board itself.
I do not know the members of the board, but,
judging from the eulogies which have been pro-
nounced on them by Senators here, I am satisfied
that a majority of the members of that board
would feel very unpleasant if they were wearing
a commission which was the result of their own
act in turning out somebody else, without being
able and willing to give the reasons why they
did so.
Sir, when the proper time comes, I shall vote
for the repeal of the law. From the investigation
which I have given to it, I regard it as a bad law;
and I think it has not been satisfactorily executed,
and I shall therefore vote for its entire repeal.
The honorable Senator from Maryland has told
us that he has taken the opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Navy on the subject. Sir, I have an
opinion of my own, and I intend to be governed
by it. The law which has been passed to drop
officers, and retire them for want of efficiency,
limits the number of officers. If you repeal that
law, you repeal that limitation; and you will then
have authority for as many officers in the Navy
as you had before, and there will be vacancies
for the President to do justice by filling. 1 under-
stand that the Secretary of the Navy admits that
injustice has been done; then repeal the law, and
the President can do justice by appointing those
who have been wrongly dealt with to the vacan-
cies. I shall go for the repeal of the law.
I do not intend, however, to go into an investi-
gation of the merits of the subject at present,
because it strikes me that that would be out of
order. I have not the information which I desire,
and I wish to obtain it. Without that informa-
tion, I should not be able to do justice to the
I board, or to those who complain of its action.
This resolution asks for information. Why not
pass it? Some gentlemen tell us the information
is not in the Department. If so, the Secretary
of the Navy will say so. I think it is due to the
board that the information should be somewhere.
I wish to obtain it, so as to be able to act under-
standing^ on the question when it properly comes
p up for action.
|i _ Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I shall, be-
!! fore I sit down, move the postponement of this
II question to some future day, when a debate upon
, j the merits of the whole subject of the naval
|| board and its action can more properly come be-
ll fore the Senate. Every f-frbrt has been made
|j hitherto, by those who are disposed to give this
j| subject a fair and impartial investigation, with a
