1856.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
36T
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
in the whole Territory, whereas the returns of
the election on the 30th of March of the same
year, show that about sixty-two hundred votes
were polled. From these facta he infers, and
gravely argues, that the difference between three
thousand and sixty-two hundred was the exact
number of illegal votes cast by persons from Mis-
souri, who composed the invading army. This
is ingenious ana plausible at first viewj but can
it be satisfactory to the mind of any impartial
man who has studied the history of that transac-
tion ? It is well known that emigration to Kansas
commenced in the summer of 1854. Large num-
bers of emigrants frogi the western States had
gone the year previous, in anticipation of the
organization of the Territory, but being stopped
on the border by the Indian agents and United
States troops, whose duty it was to obey the
orders of the proper department in executing and
enforcing the Indian-intercourse laws, which were
still in force in that Territory, and by the terms
of which all emigrants and settlers were to be
kept out of the country ; these emigrants took up
a temporary residence in the western counties of
Missouri, waiting for the passage of the Nebraska
bill. So soon as they received the news that the
country was open to settlement, they made their
arrangements to move across the line, and to
make choice of the best locations for their future
homes. In the course of the summer and Tall
others followed from Iowa, Illinois, Indiana,
Kentucky—in fact, from all the northwestern and
southwestern States. The first companies sent
out by the New England emigrant aid societies
arrived in July and August, and others followed
at short intervals until winter set in. When
winter came upon this large mass of men, and j
closed the navigation and cut off their supplies, j
they found themselves without adequate shelter,1
and many of them without any houses or shelter j
to protect them against the severity of the cli-
mate, and without food or the means of subsis-
tence for themselves or their animals. They had
gone there to become settlers and permanent in-
habitants; had selected and staked out their
claims; some had erected shanties or cabins, in
which they could stay until they could build
houses for themselves and their families to live
in; but scarcely any of them entered the Terri-
tory early enough in the season to raise a crop,
while a vast majority came too late to make ade-
quate arrangements for shelter and food during
the winter. Under these circumstances, a large
majority of the emigrants, after selecting and
narking their claims to the land upon which they
intended to make their improvements, returned
to their old homes, where they had left their fam-
ilies, in Missouri, Iowa, Illinois, Indiana, Ken-
tucky, and the other western States, with the
view of going back to Kansas in the spring with
their families. These facts are well known to
the Senators from the western States. I ask the
Senator from Iowa if such was not the course
pursued by the emigrants from his State ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Certainly, it was.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I might propound the same
inquiry, and receive a like answer from every
western Senator. The facts are well known and
notorious throughout the western States. The
emigrants from the eastern States and other re-
mote portions of the Union, who could not con-
veniently return to their own homes to spend the
winter, were under the necessity of seeking
shelter and food in the nearest settlements ana
border counties of Missouri. The Emigrant Aid
Societies of New England expended large sums
in purchasing hotels and renting boarding houses
in the border towns within the State of Missouri,
with the view of furnishing accommodations for
their people, whom they had sent to Kansas
without the means of obtaining houses and food
and sustaining life during the first winter. These
thing all resulted from the necessity of the case.
The emigrants had arrived in the Territory too
late in the season to plant corn, sow wheat, and
raise a crop. For these reasons they could not
remain in the Territory during that winter, and,
consequently, sought shelter and food elsewhere,
with a view of returning in the spring, and be-
coming actual settlers and inhabitants of the Ter-
ritory. It is not surprising, therefore, that when
the Governor caused a census to be taken in
mid-winter—in the month of February—he found
only three thousand legal voters in the whole
Territory. It is more surprising that he should
; have found one half of that number; while, if he
had taken the census three months earlier, or
j three months later, he would, in all probability,
I have found three times that number of legal
' voters—emigrants who had come to Kansas with
the view of remaining and becoming permanent
inhabitants, but who had been forced to leave in
! search of food and shelter, and who did return to
j the Territory and become actual settlers when
! the winter was over. The misfortune was that
| the Governor should have taken the census in
! the middle of winter, when three fourths of the
emigrants were necessarily absent, and should
have ordered the election, on a short notice, to
j be held on the 30th of March, before they could
all return. It was also unfortunate that the first
j notice which the emigrants in Western Missouri
! received of the time when the election was to be
: held same from Boston, through the agents of the
emigrant aid societies. This fact was calcu-
lated to excite suspicions that there might be a
secret understanding between the Governor and
those societies, by which unfair advantages might
be obtained by sending forward large "bodies of
emigrants to ascend the Missouri river on the
first boats after the opening of navigation, and to
arrive in Kansas just in time to vote at the elec-
tion on the 30th of March. The proclamation
was dated on the 8th of March, ordering the
election to be held on the 30th of the same month;
thus allowing but twenty-two days for the emi-
grants to return and vote. A portion of them
did return—probably most of those who had
spent the winter in Missouri and Iowa—while
many who were more remote from the scene of
operations did not get the notice in time to make
their arrangements and arrive in Kansas until
after the election.
Hence it is very probable that for two or three
days previous to the election, and perhaps on the
morning of that day, at certain points along the !
border, and particularly where the ferries crossed !
the river, there may have been witnessed a scene
bearing some resemblance to an invading army
rushing into Kansas to vote; and many of them
may have returned the next day, as has been al-
leged, to their boarding-houses or their former
homes, there to remain until the spring was fairly
opened, when they could take their families with
them to the Territory, and improve their lands
which they had selected for their future homes the
previous fall. But is it fair to assume, without
evidence in opposition to the known facts of the
case, that all these persons were citizens of the
State of Missouri, marching into Kansas to con-
trol their elections by fraud and violence ? Would
it not be well to ascertain how many of them had
been sent from New England by the emigrant aid
societies the previous year?—how many were
emigrants to Kansas from Pennsylvania and Ohio,
from Indiana, Kentucky, and Tennessee? I do
not hesitate to venture the opinion, from the facts
which have come to my knowledge, that it would
be found, on a thorough investigation, that every
State in the Union contributed its quota to make
up the bodies of men who went from Missouri
into Kansas to vote at that election. There may
have been, and doubtless were, some persons
among them who were not entitled to vote, and
ought not to have been permitted to vote at that
election—persons who had not previously been to
Kansas with the view of becoming permanent
settlers—but this class of persons was undoubt-
edly small compared to the whole number, and
was divided in a greater or less degree bet\Men
the two contending parties. It was not a ques-
tion between free State men and pro-3lavery men,
but between the Abolitionists and Free-Soilers,
rallying under the banner of the emigrant aid so- j
cieties on the one hand, and the advocates of non-
intervention and the principles of self-govern-
ment, according to the Nebraska bill, on the other.
On that issue I have good authority for saying
that a large majority of the emigrants from Illi-
nois, and the other north western States, voted with
the pro-slavery men in preference to voting with
the Abolitionists and emigrant aid party. They
voted thus, not because they were in favor of
making Kansas a slave State, but for the reason
that they were opposed to Abolitionism in all its
forms and phases, and were determined that the
political destinies of Kansas should never be com-
mitted to the keeping of the emigrant and Abo-
lition party by their votes. It was in this, as is
usually the case in all exciting struggles, that the
most extreme and ultra men in each party ob-
i tained the control of their respective parties, and,
in the hour of triumph, the successful party ex-
ercised its'power in a manner not entirely satis-
factory to those who had turned the scale and gave
them the victory. Notwithstanding their disap-
proval of some of the acts of the Kansas Legisla-
ture, these same men, believing the Constitution
of the United States is the supreme law of the
land, and should be obeyed as such, would pre-
fer another victory in the hands of the same party
rather than allow the Abolitionists and emigrant
aid societies to govern the Territory.
But I find, that I am digressing from the line
of my argument, and must return. I think I have
adduced facts enough to satisfy every unbiased
^ mind that the disparity between the number of
legal voters returned by the census in February,
and the number of votes polled on the 30th of
March, does not raise or authorize the slightest
presumption that Kansas was invaded and con-
quered by citizens of Missouri. There may have
been illegal votes cast, and probably were, on
both srdes. In a few precincts or election dis-
tricts the number may have been sufficient to have
materially affected the result. The Governor de-
cided such to have been the case in seven of the
eighteen districts, but not in the other eleven.
The Senator from Vermont, assumes that the
majority report admits the invasion and conquest
as to the seven districts, and then argues that,-
, inasmuch as those seven districts elect nine rep-
resentatives out of twenty-six members of the
Legislature—which being more than one third,
might sustain the Governor in the proper exer-
cise of the veto power—this fact of itself, is suf-
| ficient to induce us to declare the whole void and
the acts of the Legislature invalid. That Sena-
! tor labors under several mistakes in making this
assumption. In the first place, we have never
admitted, and do not believe, that the legal.voters
even in those seven districts were overpowered
and subjugated by violence and intimidation as
alleged. There were doubtless irregularites to
a greater or less extent at several of the polls,
and, inasmuch as the Governor adjudged them
all bad, and ordered new elections in those seven,
while he adjudged the elections all fair and legal
in the other eleven districts. I did not feel dis-
posed to make an issue with him on a point which
oouM not change the result, since, by the Gov-
ernor's own decision, a large majority of the
members of both houses of the Legislature were
fairly and duly elected. The Senator from Ver-
mont labors under a mistake, also, when he sup-
poses that the setting aside the returns and or-
dering a new election in those seven districts
changed the seats of nine members—being more
than one third of the house. He forgets that
while those seven districts elected nine represent-
atives, three of the persons who were elected at
the first election, on the 30th of March, were re-
elected atthe second election, on the 24th of May,
when there was no pretense of an invasion or
conquest. Hence, it made no difference to them
which of the two elections was held valid, for
they had received a majority of the votes at both,
and held the Governor's certificate under the last
election. Thus the number is reduced from nine
to six, which, being less than one fourth of the
whole number, could not affect the exercise of
the veto power* and renders the objection invalid
on the ground assumed by the Senator from Ver-
mont.
In view of these facts, I ask where is the au-
thority for impeaching the whole Legislature, or
for questioning the validity of its acts ? Where
is the authority for saying that the people were
subjugated in most of the districts? The Senator
from Vermont quotes Governor Reeder to prov®
it. I have quoted Governor Reeder under oath to
prove the contrary. I have shown, by his offi-
cial acts, that he did not believe a word of it
while he was Governor. He never dreamt that
the people of Kansas had been subdued and con-
quered until after he was turned out of office for
