1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m i
"sixty-eight" and insert ''seventy-eight;" so that tiie
clause, ad amended, would read;
Po)tvnoutk,Xew llam^hire.—For completing launching
way* of ship-house No. 4. pitch-house, tools for niachini&ts
and smith-:, timber slip, dredging, fences completing the
extension of ship-house No. 4, repairs of all kinds, $78,200.
Mr. I3HELPS. That is merely to correct a
misprint.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENSON, under instructions of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, offered the following
amendment:
After the worn <lshear-wharf,*' in line ninety-five, insert
"for engine and gun carriage j and for steam pumps for water
mg ships;" and in line ninety-six strike out ''^118,950,"
and insert " $121,&>0," that the clause, as amended, would
read:
Boston.—For stone wall, and filling around machine
shop, battery, and ordnance quay, paving, pile wharf, gas
pipes and burners for yard and oifieers;' quarters, cleaning
out timber dock, braiding machine, fittings for hide cutter,
bobbins lor lope- walk, and strop gauging machine for block
shop, dry-dock engines, (deficiency,) completing shear-
wharf for engine and gun carnage, and for steam pumps
for watering ships, and for repairs of all kind*, $121,350.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENSON, under instructions of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, moved further to amend
the same clause by adding at the end thereof the
following:
For the purchase of land and water front, adjoining the
navy-yard, $80,000: Provided, That no part of the appropri-
ation shall be expended till the title bhall be satisfactory to
the law officer of the Government, and piopei junsdietion
ceded to the United States by the State of Massachusetts:
Providedfurther, That the Secretary of the Navy shall deem
said puichase expedient and necessary, and can make the
purchase upon such terms as to price as shall seem ju&t
and proper.
Mr. PHELPS. I must make a question of order
upon that amendment. The amendment proposes
to purchase additional grounds, and to erect ad-
ditional buildings. 1 have no objection to the
Committee on Naval Affairs bringing; m a bill for
the purpose indicated in this amendment; but I
do object to our appropriation bills being loaded
down with appropriations for new works like
this.
Mr. BENSON. This appropriation is recom-
mended by the Secretary of the Navy, and T
presume the point of order is not well taken. It
is not to change any existing lav/. It is to pro-
vide for an appropriation precisely such as the
bill itself provides for. It is an appropriation for
naval purposes, for the purchase of lands which
the Secretary of the Navy says are necessary for j
the improvement of the.JSoston navy-yard.
Mr. PHELPS. It is not germane to the clause
to which it is offered.
Mr. BENSON. It is recommended by the
Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. PHELPS. That does not make it in
order. It is not m pursuance of existing law.
Mr. BENSON. Is there no existing law for
the navy-yard at Boston; and is this appropri-
ation not for carrying out the law establishing a
navy-yard there ?
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair the amendment is not in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal from that decision.
Mr. BOCOCK. Is the appeal debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desired to make a sugges-
tion to the Chair, to show that these appropria-
tions, which the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs has reported, are just as much in
order as any of the appropriations which have
been reported in the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. If the Chair is wrong he
desires that the committee shall correct him.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is there any exist-
ing; law authorizing this purchase ?
"Mr. PHELPS. There is not.
Mr. BENSON. I suppose there are general
laws in reference to the navy-yards, and that it is ;
in order to make such amendments to this appro- j
priation bill as may be deemed proper for the \
general benefit of navy-yards. The amendment j
is recommended by the Secretary of the Navy,
and is in accordance with past legislation.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 call for tellers on the ap-
peal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Winslow
and Fi.agler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 68, noes 53.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment:"
[n the following clause, after the word "barracks," in-
sert the words. '• and piling foi the same if necessary
yew York.—For building and completing the store-house,
building and completing coal-hon^e, extending quay'wall,
launching ways m .-hip house.; D and E. dredging channels,
repairs of cob wharf, dry-dock, paving and tlaggmg. perma-
nent fixtures for heating saw-mill, 'improvement of new
purchase for sire of marine barrack-:, filling low plaeos,
completing water pipes, lightning conductors, extending
sewer.?, completing >-team-hou*e and machinery, stable for
commandant's "horse, and for repairs oi ali kinds. $413,022.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENSON. I move to insert after the
word "machinery," in the above paragraph, the
words, " completing oakum picking machine and
engine for the same." I will state that this
amendment has also been before the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and they have recommended it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENSON. I move to amend the clause
under consideration by striking out u §415,022,"
and to insert in lieu thereof, " $421,422;" so as
to make it conform to the amendments already
adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENSON. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after " improvements at the
navy-yard, Philadelphia:"
And the Secretary ol the Navy is hereby authorized and
empowered to sell, at public auction, and not otherwise,
and convey the old wharf, ground, and watei-lights con-
nected with it, on the Schuylkill river, and also the lot
disconnected liom the Asylum gioimd, bv cutting a stieet,
the said giound belonging to tne Naval Asylum • Provided,
The sale shall appear to him to be advantageous to the in-
terests of the United States ; the proceed.} theieof, in c<if«
of sale, to accrue to the fund ftoiu which the purchase of
said property was made.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a question of order
upon that, amendment. It is not ill order.
. Mr. BENSON. The object is to Rive the Sec-
retary of the Navy authority to sell a piece of
ground which the navy-yard does not want. _ ft
is agreed to by tin1 Committee on Naval Affairs,
and nobody but one gentleman objects to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order.
Mr. BENSON. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the appropriation for the
navy-yard, Philadelphia:
For purchase of giouml on e.'^i fide of n,ivy-vard,
$83,000.
The addition to ibis yard is absolutely neces-
sary; the area of the yard being very limited,
especially 011 the water-front. The dock 011 the
east line cannot be used by the United States for
the safety of vessels without paying a heavy rent,
and remains without improvement for the accom-
modation of vessels of any great depth of water.
It is the most secure dock for vessels in tlnf
winter season from ice.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise the point, that that
amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. BENSON. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 call for tellers
upon the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. BococKand
Albriuhi' were appointed.
The question being, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee
it was put;and the tellers reported—ayes 70, noes
51.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, under instructions
of the Committee of Ways and Means, offered
the following amendment:
[n line one hundred and twenty-four, _atler llie. ivmd
" lumdied,'1 insert the \vohN, and tiity :': to ai, to make
the paia^rapii n'atl:
Foi compliiUJigrepmr.-s of brass frmmlery, destioyeil by fire,
$5,550.
The amendment was agreed to.
- Mr. BENSON.' T offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line one hundred and
twenty-two:
For the purchase of ground on the west side of the yard,
(at Washington,) .*s'31 ,500.
Mr. CAMPBELL. We have passed that
point in the bill, and the amendment is not in
order.
The Chair sustains tlie
te^e any existing
The CHAIRMAN.
point of order. . ' '
Mr. LETCHER, proposed the following amend-
ment, to come in after line one hundred and thirty:
For eommoneingship-house.No.48, (at Norfolk,) ,$30,000.
Mr. BENSON. I ask is the;
law for that?
Mr, LETCHER. There is existing law which
requires ships to be built, and it is impossible to
build ships without ship-houses.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment out of order.
Mr. MILLSON. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Maine as seriously raising that p,oint
of order? AH new works in the yard are-com-
menced by appropriations, never in any other
way.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I appeal from tha
decision of the Chair.
Mr. MILLSON. The Chair has fallen into
an error. This is a very different case from the
others.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides th«
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] out of order, and from that decision
the gentleman from Maryland takes an appeal.
The question is, "Shall the decision of-the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to
make an inquiry here. Is the ship-house author-
ized by law ?
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly. The general im-
provements of the yard are authorized by law.
This does not, like the other amendments .de-
clared out of order, contemplate the purchase of
new land, but is exactly the same thing as all
other appropriations here.
Mr. DAVIS. I would say to the gentleman
from Virginia that there are fifty items in the bill
of exactly the same character.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL called for tellers on the
appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millson,
and Washburue of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-four, noes not counted.
"So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Com-
i.nttee of Ways and Means, offered the following
amendment, to come in at line one hundred and
thirty-six:
Strike out the words, " improving spar-pondso as to
make the paragiapll read:
Pensacola. — i'oi completing permanent wharf, deep
tia^m and dredging, completing tail tiacks, completing re-
moval of sunken eai^ou, completing extension of granite
wharf, dredsnig and pieis in front of basin, mast shears,
kitchen to ordinaiy quarters, repairs of dock, basin, and
railway, completing' wharves, paint simp, lightning con-
ductor's, and tor repairs of all kind.-., $1"/,93-1.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to decrease the ap-
propriation for the Norfolk navy-yard $500.^ -I
offer the amendment for the purpose of saying
tbnt. the amendment which has been offered to
this clause of the bill is precisely the same in its
character, and just as much in order, as twenty
items reported in this bill. The reason why they
were not reported m the regular estimates, and in-
cluded in the bill, is because, in consequence of
! the yellow fever there stopping all business, the
, estimates were prevented from being made. Hav-
: ill? made this statement, I withdraw my amend-
j ineiit.
! Mr. BOCOCK. I object to the withdrawal of
i the amendment,and I presume 1 shall be asmuch
] in order as my colleague over the way in not
! saying much about the amendment. The esti-
I i mates for extending the navy-yards at Boston and
!! Philadelphia, and for making these improvements
|l at Norfolk, went before the Committee of Ways
'! and Means. Now, sir, if that committee had
'I approved them, they would have inserted pro-
|i vinions for appropriating the money in tlus ap-
II propriation bill—would the Chair have ruled that
I; they were improperly in the bill.'
N Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman front Virginia has
110 right to arraign the Chair for the decision he
has made; and I submit the further point, that
the remarks the gentleman is submitting are not
pertinent to the pending amendment.
The CHAIRMAN The gentleman from Vir-
