m.
mn congressional G-LOBE.
February 6,
have not t^een attacked by my honorable friend
-ftom Tennessee, will t?e exceedingly grateful to
him for the'seruple which has prevented him from
paying anything which could, toy possibility, be
misconstrued into an attack. He, however, does
' take occasion to say, in passing, that, if a great
^deal of what be has heard (and mueh or little of
which I do not know which he believes) be true,
•then much of what I consider gross injustice is
deserved by the board. Why, this is a. very
moderate mode, and a very efficient mode, of de-
clining the responsibility for the attack, but at
the same time making it. I do not'mean to say
that my friend has any such intention; I know-
he has not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. None in the world.
All I ask is, that our friends will give us the facts.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator from Lou-
isiana name the day to which lie wishes to post-
pone this subject. I wish to be heard upon it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will, if the Senator
wishes it, m.ove now to postpone the further con-
sideration of the subject.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir. 1 wish to know
whetherthe Senator will speak now, and give
judgment, before he moves for a hearing. I shall
be glad to hear the Senator. I am always glad
.to.hearhim; but X wish to be heard also.
Mr. BENJAMIN". I will yield to the sugges-
tion of my friend from South Carolina by moving
the further postponement of this question, al-
though I did intend to say something more upon
it. Until what day shall I say ?
Mr. STUART. Friday.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wiison] is entitled to the
floor to-morrow; but, if it is agreeable to him, I
.should be glad that my friend from Louisiana
should go on with this debate to-morrow.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have two subjects
under discussion—one the English question, the
otliorthe question of the naval board, and they
seem to alternate with each other.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator from
Massachusetts consents to our proceeding with
this question to-morrow.
Mr. IVERSON. Before the Senator from Lou-
isiana submits his motion for a postponement,
t would beg to suggest that it would be well to
act at once upon the resolution of the Senator
from Tennessee. We can do no harm by pass-
ing it. Lot us adopt it then, for it may elicit
some information which will guide us in the dis-
{losition of this important and dclicate subject;
>ut I wish to give notice that I have a proposi-
tion to present, which I think will be mueh more
efficacious than that of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, and which, if adopted by the Senate, will,
I believe, reach and correct much, if not all, of
the evil complained of; hut I think that proposi-
tion should be presented 111 executive session;
indeed, it seems to me, that this whole subject
ought properly to have been debated 111 executive
rather than in open session. I therefore give
notice to the Senator from Louisiana that, if ho
will withdraw his motion to postpone the con-
sideration of the resolution offered by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, and lettho question be taken
upon that resolution, and let it be passed, when
the Senate meets again, and an opportunity pre-
sents itself, I shall move to go into executive
session, and there present my proposition to which
1 have alluded. Thenthe-whole subject can come
up and be fully debated. I think that is the
proper plan. Let us take the question upon the
resolution of the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. BENJAM IN. Why it is upon that very
proposition that we are speaking. It is that we
are combating, and the debate is not closed upon
it yet. The proposition of the Senator from
Georgia is to take a vote upon it now.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 have not heard any objec-
tion to the merits of the proposition itself, but it
has given rise to a debate on the general subject.
Am I to understand that the Senator from Louis-
iana objects to eliciting information ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I most decidedly object to
the proposition of the gentleman from Georgia.
I think he misapprehends the effect of it.
Mr. IVERSON. I withdraw what I have said.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to postpone the
further consideration of this subject until Mon-
day.
M>'.- BUTLER. Allow mt> to ask, shall we
discuss it fully without the report of my friend
from Florida?
Mr. FISH. It has been discussed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing to let the
whole discussion go over until we receive the re-
port of tlxe Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER. I would prefer that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would not ob-
ject to that, but for the fact that I wish to get this
information at once.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It will come in the report
of the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
ought to have the information. Why not pass
the resolution? Gentlemen tell us we want in-
formation to enable us to arrive at conclusions.
Why not get the information ? If the Depai t-
ment have no,information on the subject, the res-
olution will do no harm. If they have inform-
. ation, let us get it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will inform my friend
from Tennessee that all the information that can
be got on the subject, whether under his resolu-
tion or by any other process, will be undoubtedly
obtained by the Committee on Naval Affairs,
without the aid of his resolution; and I therefore
see no object in it, except as a peg to hang debate
upon. If it is to be kept before the Senate for
the purpose of hanging debate upon it, I wish to
hang a small portion of debate on it myself.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then why not
pass the resolution, and quit hanging debates on it?
Mr. BENJAM1N. My proposition is to post-
pone it until after the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But the resolu-
tion seeks for information, and I wish to get that
information m advance, in order to allow the
committee to report upon the information thus
obtained. If you want to hang speeches, hang
them on any horn you please; but I wish to ob-
tain this information before the committee make
a report. I protest against their reporting until
they get the' information. This is simply an in-
quiry to ascertain whether there is information.
Nobody can object to it. As the Senator from
Georgia [Mr. Iverson] says, no objection has
been made to the merits of the proposition. All
the objection that has been urged is to the conse-
quences that are deduced from it. If there is no
information, the resolution is harmless. If there
is any, the committee ought to hare it, in order
to make a sensible report on the subject.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 hope there will be some
general understanding as to when the debate on
this subject shall be resumi^l, and that the inti-
mation made by my honorable friend from Lou-
isiana will be acceded to, and that the debate will
not bo continued until we get all the information
that can be conveyed to the Senate by the report
of the Committee on Naval Affairs. I do not
wish this controversy to assume anything hke a
partisan character, because wo all have "to form
our judgments upon it. I do not say that I have
formed my judgment on this matter, and I want
full information on the subject.
My friend from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] says
we might as well pass the resolution now, be-
cause there is no objection to it. Why, sir, that
is tiie very thing my honorable friend from Lou-
isiana is undertaking to show is the mischief.
The remark of my friend from Georgia reminds
me very much of an anecdote which' Mr. Web-
ster used to relate of one of his clients. After he
had made his speech to the jury, the client said
to him, " Now let the jury decide, for there never
was a clearer esse in the world " [Laughter.]
I wish to hear all sides, and to get all the in-
formation 1 can. I wish to exempt myself from
every objection which is made to the board. We
object that they dccided upon rumor, that they
decided upon "I have heard so and so;" and
they could not complain very well, if we were to
decide uoon what we have heard of them; but i
wish to obtain all the information that can be got
by a carjful committee; and when tbeir report
shall come under consideration, I may submit
some propositions in regard to it.
i wish to have a general understanding that
a day certain shall be fixed when the report will
come in and be debated, and when we can moke
our propositions. I know the common style
now-a-days is to build the piazza before you erect
the house. Wo have had debates here on war
and peace, and on -the naval board .without any
practical proposition one way or the other. For
myself, I object to this whole course of proceed-
ing. I enter a caveat against it. As far as each
Senator who presents a petition or memorial on
this subject explains it, that is proper enough;
but I suppose when we get up to make a " few
remarks," as we generally say, on a petition or
memorial, it is very hard for us to stop, and we
find it very difficult to curb ourselves. I am afraid
we are very much like tile Numidian cavalry, who
charged with all spurs and no bridle. [ Laughter.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the subject until Monday.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 6, 1856.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I ask leave of the
House to withdraw from the files of this House
certain papers relating to the heirs of Apollos
Cooper, deceased, for the purpose of having them
presented to the Senate, where a majority of the
papers are on file.
There being no objection, the papers were with-
drawn.
ELECTION Or PRINTER.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the House re-
sume the consideration of the resolution which I
submitted yesterday, in relation to the election of
a public printer, and on which I demanded the
ptevious question.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the House
adopted yesterday, the first business in order, the
Chair understands, is the calling of the States for
resolutions.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I would like to
inquire from the Chair, would not the business in
order be the resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Binuham?] I want to try and get him
to withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. If the House will specially
direct that course, it may proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Ohio. The gentleman from Ohio proposes
that the House resume the consideration of the
resolution relating to the election of a public
printer.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio to withdraw his resolution. I
appeal to him to do so.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to know whether, as we have
yesterday adopted our rules, the attention of the
Chair lias been called to a rule, to be found, I be-
lieve, on page 160, which provides that, in the
election of all officers except members of the
House, there shall be a previous nomination ? I
ask whether the Chair does not construe that to
mean that, whether we elect viva voce, or by ballot,
there should be a nomination previously? It is
of no great consequencc, but it seems that the
election should be had in that way.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of. the gen-
tleman from Ohio involves, in the opinion of the
Chair, an election which, under the rules of the
House, must be viva voce.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Do I understand
the Chair to decide the resolution in order?
The SPEAKER. If the question of order is
presented, the Chair will decide it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I raise the question of
order, because I want it decided. Whatever is
the decision of the Chair I shall acquiesce in it.
The SPEAKER. The question of order being
raised, the Chair decides that the resolution of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] is not
in order under the rule.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Is it in order
now to submit a resolution in relation to the rules
of the House ?
The SPEAKER. The business first in order,
there being no standing committees upon which
the Chair can call for reports, is to call the States
for resolutions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I beg leave to offer a
resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will be received if no
objection be made.
