1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
9t*
' The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed by the
Speaker, to whom shall be referred the rales of the House,
and \\ ho shall h.ive leave to report at any tune such amend-
ment and revision of the same as they shall think proper ;
and such report, when made, shall be considered by the
House as a special order.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object to the introduction
of that resolution as it has just been read. I will
state, however, to the gentleman from Ohio that
I have no objection to the appointment of such a
committee, but I do not consent to that portion
of the resolution which gives them the power to
report at any time. I think it is very well to have
such a committee, but I am not willing; to give
them the power to bring forward their proposi-
tions, and override all the other business of the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I thinlc it is a matter of
great consequence that wc should reserve the
right to modify the rules of the House; and, as I
understand the rules we have adopted, it will be
utterly impossible to modify them without a vote
of two thirds, unless we adopt some such provis-
ion as is contained in this resolution, giving them
power to report at any time.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I ask if there is any proposition
before the House upon which the gentleman from
Ohio can submit his remarks?
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is not in order unless by unan-
imous conscnt. *
Mr. STEPHENS. I object, unless the gentle-
man from Ohio accedes to the modification I have
suggested.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not accede to the
modification.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution is not
in order. The business before the House is the
call of the States for resolutions.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move that the House do now
proceed viva voce to the election of public printer ,
andupon thatmotion I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire the attention of
the gentleman from Tennessee for one minute.
I have no objection to the motion, that the House
proceed immediately to the election of a public
printer, but I do object to his calling the previous
question upon the motion. I object most decid-
edly to this mode of doing business—foi gentle-
men to introduce propositions here, and without
giving any opportunity to consider or to suggest
modifications, to move the previous question. I
ask the gentleman from Tennessee to withdraw
the demand for the previous question.
Mr. SMITH. I do not withdraw the demand.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be now put.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
The House then proceeded to the execution of
its order.
The Speaker appointed Messrs. Carlile, Bing-
ham, Wheeler, and Colfax, to act as tellers.
He then announced that nominations were in
order.
Mr. BINGHAM nominated Oran Follett, of
Ohio. j
Mr. WHEELER nominated Cornelius Wen- ;
dell, of Washington city.
Mr. CULLElN nominated Nathan Sergeant, of ,
Pennsylvania. ;
Mr. CARLILE. I desire to place in nomin-
ation, for public printer of this House, a gentle- ;
man whose character for honesty is inferior to j
none-  !
Several Members called Mr. C. to order. j
Mr. CARLILE. I was not aware that it was
not in order to introduce remarks in connection
with nominations. I then present the name of
Robert Farnham, of this city, who is a practical ;
printer.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to say that the gen-
tleman, whose name I have presented, is also a
practical printer.
Mr. DUNN nominated John T, Defrees, of
Indiana.
Mr. McMULLlJN. I desire to obtain some
information from the proper source, in reference
to these gentlemen who have been placed in nom-
ination. I desire t6 know whether they are prac-
tical printers?
The SPEAKER. The Chair must state that,
inasmuch us the House has ordered the main
question to be noW put, no debate is in order.
The gentleman from Virginia will, however, be
permitted to propound his questions if no objection
be made.
Several Members objected.
Mr. LINDLEY nominated John T. Towers,
of Washington city.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I think the House
ought to be put in possession of some information
touching these gentlemen who have been put in
nomination for public printer.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order except
by unanimous consent. [Cries of " Object!"]
Mr. SPINNER. I nominated Francis P. Blair,
Jr., of Missouri.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce for
printer of the House, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 195; necessary to a
choice, 98; of which—
Oran Follett received   80
Cornelius Wendell 68
Kobert Farnham   18
Nathan Seigeant 11
John T. Towers  7
John D. Defrees 4
Francis 1'. Blau, jr  2
William W. Seaton    1
Jarod V. Peck    1
Beveily Tucker  1
It. Ridgway  1
J. Watson Webb  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Follett—Metsis. Alhiight, Allison, Ball, Harbour,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Bitlinijhurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Biadshavv, Brenton, Broom, Rufimton. Burhng.imc,
James II.Campbell,LewisD. Campbell, Chaffee,dawson,
Colfav, Oovode, Cragin, Cumback, Day, Dean, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Durfee, Flaglei, Galloway, Giddings, (Albeit,
Uiangei, Harlan, Jlolloway, Thomas It. Ilorton, Howaid,
Kolst-y, lvmipp, Knight, Kuowlam, Knox, Leiter. Maiteson,
|\TcCaity,Mearham, Moigan, Mott, Murray, Nichols,Tvoi-
ton, Paikcr, Pellon. Perry, Pettit, I^ikc, Bungle, Puiviance,
Ritchie, Bobbins, Ssabin, Sage, Sapp, Shounan, Simmons,
Stanton. Tappan, Thonngton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbudge, Cadvvaladei C. Washbunio, Ellihu B. Wasb-
buine, lsiael Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, and
Wood worth.
For M-> .Wendell—Messrs. Aiken. Allen, Barksdale, Ilend-
ley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,' Branch, Biooks,
Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Clmgman, Williamson R.
W.Cobb, Crawford, DavidHon,Dowdell,Edmundsoii,£lhott,
English, Faulknei, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
Ii. Harris, Hickman, Houston, Jeweit, George W. Jones,
Keitt, Kelly, KidwoII, Lotcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mill-
ion, Moideoai Oliver, l'eck, Phelp«, Quitman, liufini,
Rust, Sandidgc, Savage, Seward,Shoitoi, Samuel A. Smith,
\Vilham Smith. Stephen?, Stewart, Talbott. Tayloi, Thuis-
ton, Vail, Warner. Watkins, Wells, Wheelei, Winslow,
Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wught.
For Mr. Farnham—Messrs. John P Campbell, Carlile,
Bayard Claik, Cox, fX. Winter Davis, Evans, J. Morrison
Hams, Harrison, ilollnian, Alexander K. Marshall, Beady,
lticaud, Robi^on, William It. Smith, Svvope, Underwood,
Walkei, and Zolheofler.
For Mr. Scr«canl—Messrs. Ezra Clark, Cullen, Dam-
rcll, Hemy M. FuH' i, Kilhan Millar, Millward, Moirili,
Porter, Todd, Wbitnoy, and Woodruff
For Mr. Towers—Messis. Haven, Lake, Lindley, Paine,
Puryear, Rcade, and Tnppe.
For Mr. Dcfrecs—Messrs. Dunn, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, and Scott.
For Mr. Blair—Messrs. Grow and Spinner,
For Mr. Seaton—Mr. Etheridge.
For Mr. Peck—Mr. Andrew Oliver.
For Mr. Tuckcr—Mr. Powell.
For Mr. Ridqwav—Mr. River".
For Mr. Webb—Mv. Pennington.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CHAFFEE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Comins, was detained at hnme by sickness, and
was unable to be present and vote on this occa-
sion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, stated that he
had paired off with Mr. Caskie.
Mr. BOCOCK said that he had been requested
by his colleague, Mr. Caskie, to state that he had
paired oil' with Mr. Da>is, of Massachusetts,
until the 15th of this month.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania, stated that he
had paired oiF with his colleague, Mr. Kunkel.
Mr. STRANAHAN stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Williams.
Mr. TRAFTON stated that he had paired off
for a week with Mr. Sneed.
Mr. BALL stated that, after this vote, he had
paired off with Mr. Talbott for the remainder
of this week and the two succeeding weeks.
Mr. Wakem&n, a Represen tative from the Stat©
of New Torlc, appealed during the calling of the
roll, and qualified by taking the oath to sxipp6rt
the Constitution of the United. States.
The House proceeded to vote viva voce a second
time for printer, with the following result: Whole
number of votes,-191; necessary to a choicfe*.$6;
of which—
Oran Follett received.       77'-
Comehus Wendell     68
Robert Farnham...       
Nathan Sergeant 10 •
John D. Deftees     5
John T. Towers.  4
Jared V. Peck,....,    I
J. Watson Webb 1
Beverly Tucker      1
R. Ridgway     1
Francis P. Blair, jr #   1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Follett—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Baibour,
Benson, Billmghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Brenton, Bllftihton,
Burlingamo, James II. Campbell, LewisD. Campbell, Chaf-
fee, Clawson, Colfax, Covode, Cragm, Cumback, Day,
Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Burfec, Flagler, (xalloway,
Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow, ILulan, flolloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Kelsey, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Mattcson, McCarty, Meacham,
Morgan, Monill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Parker,
Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie,
Bobbins, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Stanton,
Tappan, Thorington, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Wal-
dron, Cadvvalader C. Washburnc, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wood, and Wood-
worth.
For Mr. Wendell—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale,
JHendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,;
Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Clingman, Wil-s
Uamson K. W. Cobb, Crawford, Davidson, Dowdell, Ed-
mundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J.
1). Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hickman, Houston,
Jeweit, Geoige W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, KidweJJ, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, Mo
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Peck,
Phelps, Quitman, Rufhn, Rust, Sandidge, Savage, Seward;
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stephens*
FtewaM, Tavloi, Thurston, Vail, Warner, Watkms, Wells,
Wheelei, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright.
For Mr. Farnham—Messrs. Broom, John P. Campbell,
Carlile, Bayard Clark, Cox, Evans, Henry M. Fuller, J. Mor-
rison Ilarns, Harrison, H oft man, Lindley, Alexander K.
Marshall, Millward, Paine, Ready, Ricaud, William Smith,
Tiippe, Underwood, Walker, Whitney, and Zollicoffer.
For Mr. Sergeant—Messrs. Ezra Clark, Cullen^ Damrell,
Ethei idge, Kilhan Miller, Reade, Robison, Todd, Tyson,
and Woodruff.
For Mr. Defrees—Messrs. Dunn, Lake, Mace, Humphrey
Marshall, and Scott.
For Mr. Towers—Messrs. Haven, Kemiett, Porter, and
Puiyear.
For Mr. Peck—Mr. Andrew Oliver*
For Mr. Webb—Nr. Pennington.
For Mr. Tuckcr—Mr. Powell.
For Mr. Rid%waij—Mr. Rivers.
For Mr. Blair—Mr. Spinner.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. HICKMAN stated that, after this vote,
lie had paired off for the rest of the day with his
colleague, Mr. Bradshaw.
The House then proceeded to vote viva ttdce- a
third time for.printer, with the following result:
*Whole number of votes cast, 189; necessary to a
choice, 95; of which—
Oran Follett received   74
Cornelius Wendell    «..66
Robert Farnham ^
Nathan Sergeant   10
John D. Del'rtJPss * 7
R. Ridgway *  3
Jared V. Peck         I
J. Watson Webb  1
Beverly Tucker      1
Francis P. BIa«,jr      1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Follett—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Henry Bennett, Ben«on, BilhnqhuiM, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Brenton, Buffinton, Burlmgamo, James H. Camp-
bell, Clawson, Colfax, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Day,
Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Duifec, Flagler, Galloway,
Giddings, Gilbert, Granger, Grow,'Ilarlan, Holloway,
Thomas R. Ilorton, Howard, Kelsey, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Leiter, Mattcon, McCartv, Morgan, Monill,
Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Parker, Pelton, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Robbmy, Sabm,
Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Stanton, Tappan, Thor-
ington, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, C'adwala-
Uei C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Wasshburnc, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Wendell—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdate,
Ilendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Bianeh,-
1 Brooks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caruthers, Chngman,,Wi,l-
| liimson R. W. Cobb, Crawford, Davidson, Dowdell, £d-
mundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J.
I). Fuller, Goode, GtueiiWood, Augustus Hall, Saiflpson
W Hams, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Houston, Jewett#
George Vv. Jones, Keitt, KidweH, Letcher, Lumpkin.
Samuel 5. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMulliti, Mcaaeen,
