1974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 7,
read over, and those to which no objection was
made were agreed to en masse.
The ninth amendment, on which a separate
vote had been asked, was then reported, as fol-
lows:
After: "For printing and publishing sailing directions,
hydograpliieal surveys, and astronomical observations,
$15,000," add these words :
jProvided, That the charts shall he sold when completed,
and the instruments used be of American manufacture.
Mr. SAPP called for tellers on the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Keitt and
Woodworth were appointed.
The question was put*, and the tellers reported
—ayes 62 
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 76, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ball, Barbour, Benson, Bliss,
Buflinton, James H. Campbell, Lewis- D. Campbell. Chaf-
fee,Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax,Comtns,Covode,Oiagin,
Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davi<*, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, Emrie, Flagler, Giddmgs, Gilbert, Granger,
Harlan, Holloway, Thomas It, Ilorton, Valentine B. llor-
ton, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton. Knox, Kunkel.Mat-
teson, McCarty, Kilhau Miller, Morgan, Momll, Muiray,
Norton, Parker, Pcarce, Pelton, Pennington, Pcttit, Pike,
Porter, Pnngle, Purvia«ce,Puryear, Ready, Roberts, Sabin,
Sapp, Sherman, Sneed, Stanton, St ran ah an, Todd, Trafton,
Valk, Wade, WaJbridge, Waldron, Cailwalader C. Wash-
burne, Elhhu B. Washburne, Itrael Washburn, Welch,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zolhcofier—76.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Hendley S. Bennett, Billmghurst,
Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, CaiUvahuler, John P.
Campbell, Carhlo, Caruther*, Williamson R. VV. Cobb,
Crawford, Henry Winter Davis, Dunn, Elliott, Etheridge,
Evans, Florence. Foster, Goode, (iieenwood, J. Morrison
Harris, Haven, Hickman, Houston, Geoigc W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, Kcitt, Kellv. Kidvveti, Lcitei, Lctchd,
Lumpkm, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall,Maxwell, MeMulhn,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mott, Phelps, Powell,
Quitman, Ritchie, River<, Uuflin, Ru-.t, Shorter, William
Smith, Spinner, Swopc, Taibott. Taylor, Thurston, Tuppc,
Wntkins, Wells, Williams, Daniel B. W right, and John V.
Wright—62.
So the amendment was concurrcd in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be now put; and under
the operation thereof the bill was parsed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by wlueh the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Semite, by
Asbuky Djckiks, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a resolution
and bills of that'body, of the following titles:
A resolution relative to the building for a
custom-house and post office at Toledo, Ohio;
An act for continuing and completing the im-
provement of lied river, at the laft;
An act for the construction of a steam dredge
for Lake Michigan;
An act to continue the improvement of the
Illinois river;
An ae# for the improvement, of the harbor of
Appnlachieola, in the State of Florida;
An ant for the impi,o\ement of the harbor of
Charleston, Souih Carolina;
An act to provide for the protection of Cape
Cod harbor, Massachusetts;
An act making further appropriation for the
improvement of the Cape Fear mer, North Car-
olina;
An act providing for the survey of Atchafalaya
bay and approaches;
An act providing for the survey of the falls of
Red'river, at or near Alexandria;
An act giving to Joshua Kirby the right to
enter the land covered by the life reserve of John
McNary under the Cherokee treaties of 1817 and
1810;
t An act to provide for improving the harbor of
Georgetown, District of Columbia;
An act making appropriation for the improve-
ment of the channel at Hell Gate, East river, in
the State of New York;
An act for constructing a military road from a
point opposite to El Paso, on the Rio Grande,
to Fort Yuma, at the mouth of the Gila river,
and for establishing miMary posts thereupon;
An act to remove obstructions in the Bayou la
Fourche, Louisiana;
An act for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Mobile, Alabama, at Dog river bar,
Choctaw Pass, and the Lower Fleet;
An act for the relief of Lucy Fitzgerald, and
the children of Thomas Fitzgerald;
An act for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Providence, Rhode Island; and
An act for continuing the improvement of the
inland passage between the St. John's and St.
Mary's rivers, Florida.
Also that the Senate had passed the following
bills of the House:
An act granting a pension to Ansel Wilkinson;
An act to continue the pension of Mrs. Nancy
Weatherford; and
An act for the relief of Bridget Maher.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles, when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act to continue the pension of Mrs. Nancy
Weatherford;
An act for the relief of Bridget Maher;
An act to amend the charter of Georgetown, in
the District of Columbia;
An act to incorporate the Columbia Library of
Canitol Hill, in the city of Washington; and
An act to establish a library for young men in
the District of Columbia.
MAHAMET CARHAMALLY.
Mr. FiVANS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
rlaoli'titJi That the Purulent !)'"■ requested to communi-
cate to iIk.* IIoM^e.ill tin-coin^poudence, ami other papers,
conventions, So\, relative to the claim ot'Malmmet Caira-
m.illy, in the Department of State and Navv, ftom the date
ot'his eoniiectiuu with this Government to tins date.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move the usual
resolution, that debate m the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the bill making
appropriations for certain civil expenses of the
Government, for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857, be closed within five minutes after its con-
sideration shall be again resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the FIousi- resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Grow in the chair,) mid resumed the con-
sideration of the bill making appi oprxUtions for
certain civil expenses of the Government, for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1857.
Mr. C A MPUELL, of Ohio, offered the follow-
ing amendment, recommended by the Committee
of Wnys and Means, to come in after the clause
making appropriation "for continuing the con-
struction of the light-house on Mmot's Ledge:
For lOhtnimy, bracing:, and lopauing lupines to the iron
^erew pile light hou^c on the l>iiind\ wine shore,caused by
the breaking up of the lee in the Dekuvaie liver and bay,
03.
Pen restoring nnd repauiii'j beacons,buoy;:,and spindles,
(!i",tio\ ed or miured by the hioakum up of the ice on the
coa-aof Maine and Massachusetts m Lone Inland sound,
and m Newark, New York, Delaware, and Chesapeake
ii;n \ $11,8M.
For testonn;: 1(M mooiuie-! and irpaii nig injuries to hght-
vo*«els, by the breaking up of' the ice, in Vinejard sound,
and Do.-aou and Che^ipeake haj'.-, $'t*i,7'J7 0-i.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EUSTIS. At this point, I desire to offer
the following amendment:
For the erection of a boarding station at Pass a. 1' Outre,
in Louisiana, §10,000.
I send to the Clerk's desk, that it maybe read,
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
addressed to the Committee on Finance in the
Senate, in order to show that this amendment
stands precisely upon the same footing as the
other appropriations in this bill.
The letter was read, and is as follows:
Treasury Department, 29,1856.
I have the honor to state, that the State of Louisiana has
donated to the United States twenty acres of land at Pass
& rOutre, for the purpose of erecting and establishing
thereon a boarding station. I have also caused estimates
of the cost of erecting the necessary lookout and buildings
to be made, winch, together with the expenses incurred in
procuring survey and location of the site, amount to nearly
§12.000. In \iew of the necessity of having this station,
and of the great inconveniences now existing without one,
I have respectfully to suggest the propriety of appropriating
the above amount for the purposes specified.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary oj the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SIMMONS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the purchase money, agreed by the Secretary of the
Interior, to be paid on the part of the United States for the
purchase of a lot and building for the use of the United
States court, at Philadelphia, m the State of Pennsylvania,
,<|76,000, to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated; but said payment is not to be paid
until the Attorney General's certificate is produced to the
Secretary of the Treasury that a valid and unincumbered
title has become vested in the United.States.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is not germane to this bill; and
further, it is an appropriation for a matter not
provided for by previous law.
Mr. SIMMONS. It is provided for by pre-
vious law.
Mr. LETCHER. But it is not pertinent or
germane to the light-house bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. There is an existing law
for this appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. MORGAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Letcher
and Washburne of Wisconsin, were appointed.
Mr. CAPWALADER. There is an existing
law authorizing this purchase.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to know what
the bill is.
The CHAIRMAN. It is a bill containing mis-
cellaneous items on all subjects.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 82, noes 29—no quorum voting.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, said: Mr. Chair-
man, I call the attention of the reporters and of
the country to the fact that there is no quorum
here at half past two o'clock.
The roll was then called, and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messis. Allison, Barclay, Baiksdale, Bell, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brooks,
Broom, Bmhngamo, Burnett, Clnlds, Bayard Clarke, How-
ell Cobb, Williamson 11. VV. Cobb, Cox, Ciaige, Oullen,
Davidson, Day, Denver, I)e Witt, Dowdcll, Dunn, Eng-
lish, Faulkner, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gailoway,Giddings, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, Samp-
son W. Harris, Herbert, Hoffman, Howaid, Jewett, J.
Glancy Jono, Kenneti, Knapp, Lake, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S Maishall, Maxwell,
Meaeham, Motdecai Ohvei, Oir, Packer, Panic, Phelps,
Reado, Rtcaud, Richardson, Bobbins, Robison, Sandidge,
Scott, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Stephens,
Stewart, Undeiwood, Vail, Wakenian, Warner, Watson,
Wheeler, and Whitney.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Grow reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had the Union generally under consideration,
and especially House bill No. 202, and finding
itself without a quorum, the roll'had been called
and the committee had directed him to report the
names of the absentees to the House.
One hundred and fifty-eight members having
answered to their names, the House again went
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and resumed the consideration of bill
No. 202, the question being on Mr. Letcher's
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
simply to say, that an act of Congress passed
last session, authorizes the purchase, and the con-
tract has been made.
Mr. PHELPS. Some gentlemen seem to dis-
pute whether there is a law on this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. It was stated by the gen-
tleman from New York, who offered the amend-
ment, that there was a law.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that a law ex-
ists authorizing a contract to be entered into.
Mr. PHELPS. A contracthasbeen made,has
been communicated to the House and printed, and,
on the motion of my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Tyson,] has been referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
