1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1101
I think half an hour is long enough for a speech
upon it.
Mr. BROWN. It will be recollected that on
last Friday the business of the District of Co-
lumbia was postponed until to-day. It has been
overridden, however, by the consideration of the
more important subject of the Kansas bill. I do
not complain of that, because I admit that more
important business should always override that
which is less important. I desire to-day, if I can
get an opportunity before the Senate adjourns, to
move that the business of the District of Columbia
be set apart .for next Friday, or, if the Senate
pleases to sit on Saturday, for that day.
But, sir, my principal object in rising now
was to give notice that I hold in my hand a little
bill for the convenience, comfort, and health of
Senators, which I hope they will remain in their
seats to-day long enough to consider. It is a
measure concerning our own convenience, and as
we have very little personal interest in our legis-
lation, I trust we shall attend to this.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no objection to the mo-
tion which has been made to postpone this bill
until next Thursday; but I desire to make a sug-
gestion in reference to the business of the Senate.
I consider it to be the duty of each chairman of
a committee, when he has important bills confided
to him, to urge their consideration within areason-
able' time; but that does not impose on the Senate
the necessity of acting upon those bills at once.
The idea seems to be entertained, that when a
Senator insists upon a proposition being consid-
ered, it must be taken up anyhow. From that I
dissent. Let any Senator make a proposition to
take up bills which he considers important, and
test the sense of the Senate as to what business
shall be proceeded with. We certainly have
plenty of time. I am astonished that Senators
talk of the important business which is pressing
upon us, and yet have ample timo to adjourn over
every Saturday. If we have important business
pressing on oar hands, why not sit to-morrow?
X trust that we shall take up the naval board ques-
tion on Monday, with the understanding, so far
as we can have such an understanding, that it
shall be disposed of on Monday or Tuesday, and
then let a majority of the Senate determine what
business shall be next proceeded with. ]J
As the Senator from Michigan has signified jj
his desire to be heard on next Thursday on this i|
question, I suppose no Senator will object to I
hearing him then; but that does not impose on |'
us the necessity of continuing the consideration ||
of this bill, to the exclusion of other business. I j!
see no necessity for passing now a bill to provide j!
for the admission as a State of a Territory which 1!
has not one quarter of the population necessary j1
for a State, and may not have it for years to come. 11
Why should all public business be delayed in 11
order to pass a special law for a set of men who [j
are disturbing the harmony of this country very ;
much? I would not yield the fourth pnrt of a 1'
hair's-breadth to such men. Anytime during:!
this session will be soon enough to dispose of i >
this question. The population for whom the bill !;
provides are not sufficient to become a State; and,
for one, I would not yield anything to the clamor
of them, or of any set of men disturbing the har-#i
mony and peaceful operations of this gi eat Gov- '
ernnient. I hope that this subject will be post-
poned until Thursday, and that on Monday or
. Tuesday we shall decide what we shall do with
those who suffer in consequence of the action of
the naval board.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to the post-
ponement of this bill until next Thursday, but I
desire to know,before the vote is taken, whether
it is to be driven to a decision then at one sitting,
[" No !" " .No!"] or whether we are to have an
opportunity to be heard on the question? ["Cer-
tainly !"] That is all I wish to know.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Kansas question be
taken up on next Thursday, with the expectation
that it will then be proceeded with continuously,
it will occupy the attention of the Senate for
weeks; but 1 know full well that we shall not
dispose of the naval question before next Thurs-
day. The honorable Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Adams] says that we ought to conclude this
discussion on Monday or Tuesday; but when
he says so, it is with the knowledge of the fact
that gentlemen have spoken at length against
naval reform, and that those who are in favor of it
have, in fact, not yet been hoard; and they must
have an opportunity of expressing their views.
I think, however, that we can disposeofthe naval
question during next week. I move, if it be
in order, that this bill be postponed until Mon-
day week, with the understanding that the honor-
able Senator from Michigan shall have an oppor-
tunity to address the Senate on Thursday, if he
chooses, and then that the debate on this bill shall
be postponed.
Mr. FISH. It does notrequire a vote for that
purpose; we can have an understanding to that
effect.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand 
Mr. STUART. It must be obvious that wc
cannot come to any understanding now. Let us
vote.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Florida name Monday week for the postpone-
ment of this question ?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will put the
question on the longest time. The Senator from
Florida moves to postpone the further considera-
tion of this bill to Monday week, and that it be
made the special order for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 311) to revive and
continue in force the provisions of the act of 1853,
in relation to suspended entries of public lands,
and the act of 2846", in relation to suspended
preemption land claims. The bill was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
he Lands.
The message also announced that they had
passed a joint resolution (J. R. No. 13) for the
statistics of the coastwise commerce, to be in-
cluded hereafter in the annual reports of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury on commerce and naviga-
tion. It was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I desire now to make a report
from the committee of conference, for the pur-
pose of enabling the new committee which I pro-
pose shall be appointed to sit during the recess
to-morrow. The committee of conference on the
deficiency bill on the part of the Senate having
been unable to agree with the House committee,
I move that they be discharged, and that another
committee of conference be appointed. It is pos-
sible that a new committee may settle the points
of difference.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Stuart,
Pratt, and Toombs were appointed the second
committee of conference on the part of the Senate.
BOUNTY" LAND BILL.
Mr. FOO T. The bounty land bill was yester-
day returned from the House of Representatives
with a message concurring m the amendments of
the Senate with an amendment.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I give notice that
I shall ask the Senate to insist on one of the
amendments disagreed to by the House of Rep-
resentatives.
Mr. IVERSON. . 1 trust that we shall recede
and allow the bill to become a law at once.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House to their amendments to the
bill (li. R. No. 8) to amend "An act in addition
to certain acts granting bounty land to certain
officeis and soldiers who have been engaged in
the military service of the United States," ap-
proved March 3, 1855. The House concurred
m the amendments of the Senate, with an amend-
ment to strike out the fifth and sixth sections of
the Senate amendments, which are as follows:
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That clerks and other
assistants of quartermaster, commissaries, paymasters,
surgeons, and ussi&taiit suigeons, together with artiticeis,
the servants of officeis, and other persons employed m or
about the camps of the Army of the United States, as weil
asaitificers, the servants of naval officers, and ail other per-
sons employed on board of the armed vessels of the United
States, in the revenue cutteis m seivice as vessels of war
or blockade in any of the wars specified in the first section
of the act to which this is an amendment, shall be entitled
to ihe benefits of the said act: Provided, Thatall such per-
sons were subject to mihtaiy law whiln engaged in service.
sec.b. And be it further enacted, That thepiovisionsof
the said act shall extend to all officers, non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates of the militia or volunteer
forces of any State or Territory who were mustered into the
mifitary service of, the United States, pursuant ?to imy re-
quisition or call from a general officercomraandin&an^arnjy
or military department of the United States, in expectation
of any concerted insurrection of the Indians or arniCd'in-
vasion from abroad.
The House also proposed t&add -the following
additional section:
JinA be it further cnacted, That whenever the tena " mi-
nors" in tills or any other act'sranting bounty land shall l>e
used, it shall be construed to include those Who were
minors at the time said acts-severally took cffect.
Mr. FOOT. The-only material amendment,
it will be observed, of the House of-Representa-
tives, is to strike out the fifth and sixth sections
of the amendments proposed by the Senate. I,
for one, should be well pleased if the House had
concurrcd in those sections; but, inasmuch as
they were stricken out in the House by-a very
decided vote, my own opinion is, that the-Senate
will do well to concur in the action of the House.
Tt does not affect the general principles of the bill.
I move, therefore, that the Senate concur in the
amendments of the House of Representatives to
our amendments.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask that the ques-
tion be divided, so as to have a separate vote on
striking out the sixth section. I must object to
striking it out, but I make no opposition to con-
curring in the other amendments of the House.
Mr. PUGH. I hope that the Senate will not
concur in the action of the House. It is very
evident, from the last section proposed by the
House as an amendment, that they have not given
this matter as much attention as we haye. I think
that a committee of this body will be able to sat-
isfy any committee of the House, in ten or twenty
minutes, that they should recede. I propose,
therefore, that the Senate insist on its amend-
ments, and ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I think that would
be the, better course.
Mr. FOOT. At the suggestion of gentlemen
all around me, I withdraw my former motion, and
now move that the Senate disagree to the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives, and ask
for a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Foot,
Pugii, and Brodiiead, were appointed the'Com-
mittee on the part of the Senate.
"WATERING PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
Mr. BROWN. I now ask leave to report from
the Committee on the District of Columbia the
joint resolution of which I have notified Senators,
to provide fur their health, comfort, and conveni-
ence. That is not the title of the joint resolution,
but it is a part of its object; I am sure there can
be no objection to it.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 18) authorizing
the Commissioner of Public Buildings to contract
for watering Pennsylvania avenue, was read the
first and second time by its title. It proposes to
authorize the Commissioner to contract with some
responsible person for watering Pennsylvania
avenue from the western gate of the Capitol to
Seventeenth street west, from the day of passago
of the resolution until the adjournment of Con-
gress, at a cost not exceeding $650 per month.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to consider the resolution now.
Mr. BROWN. The amount fixed is based on
an estimate of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings. Of course I have no interest in it; but if
Senators desire to be smothered in the dust of
Pennsylvania avenue, be it so. I think it is
wrong. I am for walking in cool places.
Mr. CLAY. It appears to me that the amount
proposed is a very large one; and I object to the
consideration of the resolution at this time, in
order that I may inquire into it.
Mr. BROWN. I will say to my friend from
Alabama, that the amount is based on an estimate
from the proper officer, and we shall come no
nearer the exact sum in any future estimate than
at the present time. If we move in this matter
at all, it is important, as the summer is approach-
ing, that we should do so at once. I feel no in-
terest in this question beyond any other Senator.
I have felt bound to present the measure as a
matter of health, convenience, and comfort, as I
said before; butif the Senate do not think-proper
to pass the resolution now, be it so.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw my objection.
