1836.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1975
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call the gen-
tleman to order.
Mr. PHELPS. X have here the law in question.
The first section directs the President of the
United States to provide the necessary accommo-
dations for the courts of the United States in
Boston, New York, and Philadelphia. The sec-
ond section authorizes the President to cause to
be procured by purchase or otherwise, suitable
sites for buildings to be used as court-houses and
post offices in the cities of Boston, New York,
and Philadelphia, and that he prepare, and sub-
mit to Congress at as early a day as practicable,
plans and estimates for the same, together with
the contract or contracts he may make for any
such site or sites, which contracts shall be made
subject to the approval of Congress. In pursu-
ance of that law a contract has been made for
the purchase of buildings in the city of Philadel-
phia; plans and estimates have been submitted,
and this is the money to be appropriated in pur-
suance of that law.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my appeal.
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not think it necessary
to say anything more in reference to the amend-
ment than that the President and the Secretary of
the Interior have both recommended it, and the
Committee on the Judiciary have instructed me
to report it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, under in-
structions of the Committee of Ways and Means,
offered the following amendment:
For purchase of a lot or parcel ofland, with appurtenances
and building thereon, belonging to the Bank of Pennsyl-
vania, particularly referred to and described in the articles
of agreement bearing date July 1,1856, tor the purpose of a
post office in Philadelphia, ^250,000 : Provided, That no
part of the money appropriated shall be expended for the
purpose aforesaid until the Attorney General of the United
States shall have given his opinion in favor of the validity
of the title to such lot or parcel of land ; and for the pur-
pose of making the alterations required m the building
lieieby authorized to be purchased of the liank of Pennsyl-
vania to adapt it to the use of the post office in the city of
Philadelphia, and to furnish tlie necessary cases and boxes
for the same, .>30,000,
Mr, CAMPBELL. I will state briefly that the
President has entered into a contract for the pur-
chase of this land under the provisions of law.
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not know whether I
understand this case. I desire to ask what is the
purpose of this building?
Mr. CAMPBELL. For the use of the post
office of the city of Philadelphia.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will it not also accom-
modate the business of the United States courts.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This whole matter has
been referred to the President of the United States,
and Edward Clarke, the architect of the Patent
Office, has made a report upon the subject, which
may be found in executive document No. 25.
The entire details of the matter may be found
there, and I hope the gentleman from Virginia
will refer to it. He states that the sum for which
it was purchased is a moderate one.
Mr. McMULLIN. The practice has grown
up of constructing buildings by the United States
Government for the purpose of beautifying some
of the cities, at very great expense. 1 think it is
time that this practice was stopped. 1 wish to
keow whether this building is not large enough,
or whether it could not be enlarged, so as to ac-
commodate the court-house and post office both.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 will say to the gentle-
man from Virginia, that the architect recommends
the plan which has been adopted the most
economical; and further, that the contracthas been
entered into for the building, and the Govern-
ment is bound by it.
Mr. McMULLIN. The contract is subject
to the ratification of Congress before it can be
binding upon the Government, and Congress have
not yet ratified it. _ , t
Mr. PHELPS. This matter is susceptible ot
a very brief explanation. There is no difficulty
in relation to it. The appropriation is in pur-
suance of existing law. The law authorized the
President to provide a suitable building to accom-
modate the post office ill Philadelphia. I will
state that there are at present over a hundred
persons employed at that office, including ^ mail
carriers as well as clerks. The present site is
inconvenient, and the United States Government
have to pay more for the rent of the building than
the interest on the cost of it. I will state further,
that from a conversation which I had with the
postmaster of that city, I learned that the prop-
erty was purchased at an exceedingly cheap rate.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will state that the build-
ing upon this ground cost ยง234,000. It is well
located, and well suited for-the purpose, and 1
presume the ground itself is worth $200,000. I
consider it the cheapest property ever offered to
the Government.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri whether this building would
not very well accommodate the post office and
courts ?
Mr. PHELPS. I understand that it would
not. And besides that, in a large city like Phil-
adelphia, the noise of the continual arrival and
departure of the mails would very much inter-
fere with a court sitting in the same building.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr, DAVIS, of Maryland, under instructions
of the Committee of Ways and Means, offered
the following amendment:
That the sum of $'200,000 be, and the same is hereby
appropriated to enable the President to procure, and pay
lor, a site for a buiklmgforthe accommodation of the United
States courts m tile city of Baltimore, and to erect thereon
a tire-proof building fur such pmpose, on such plan as the
President may appiove: Prowled, That no pait of the money
shall be applied toi the erection of such budding until a
contract shall be concluded with lesponsihle. parties, on
detailed plans and estimates, to erect such building accord-
ing to such plans and estimates, and to deliver the same to
the United States, within the -inn hereby appropriated, after
paying therefiom for the laud contracted for by the Presi-
dent, under authority of law, for such building.
Mr. D. said: This amendment is to carry into
execution a law passed at the last session of the
last Congress, authorizing the President to pro-
cure a site for the erection of a court-house in the
city of Baltimore. The site has been already
contracted for by the Government, and the object
of the amendment is to place in the hands of the
President the money to pay for the site, and the
construction of the building thereon.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is there a post office build-
in" m Baltimore constructed by the Government ?
Mr. DAVIS, No, sir.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding after the word " court-
house," the words, " and post office."
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman will allow me
I will say that the same law provided for pro-
curing a site for a post office, but there is some
difficulty about the matter.
Mr. McMULLIN. My object is to arrest the
growing policy in this country of building in every
city and town separate and costly buildings for
court-houses, custom-houses, and post offices. I
hold it to be right and proper, where the Govern-
ment is called on to build court-houses, and post
offices, and custom-houses, that there should be
one building constructed to accommodate them
all. No man can tell, unless we put a stop to it
now, to what extent this extravagance will go.
There is just as much justice in erecting a court-
house and a post office in every district of the
country as there is for their erection in either
Boston or Baltimore. The constituents of gentle-
men here who represent rural districts are forced
to contribute these large sums of money to beau-
tify and adorn the cities and towns. If the sys-
tem is to continue, then deal out the same favors
to the rural districts as are dealt to the cities and
towns. I hold that it is time that this kind of
legislation was arrested. It is demonstrable that
one building will comfortably accommodate the
custom-house, and the post office, and the court-
house. Perhaps, in a large city like New York,
separate buildings may be required. In the city
of Baltimore it seems to me that one building
ought to accommodate them all.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. If I am not mis-
taken, there was passed by the last Congress
a proposition for the erection of a court-house
in Alexandria, Virginia. I would like to know
whether the gentleman voted for that court-house?
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 am inclined to think I
voted against it; but I do not know certainly.
My point is this: if we are called on to build court-
houses in the different cities of the Union, Al-
exandria is as much entitled to one as is the city
of Baltimore. I ask the House to arrest this pro-
ceeding of building separate buildings in Balti-
more when on8 building will answer all the re-
quired purposes. I ask the gentleman to accent
my amendment. If it is not accepted I hope his
amendment will be voted down.
The question was taken on Mr. McMoxmn's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out" two hundred"and insert " one hundred and
fifty;" and I do so to inquire whether, under exist-
ing law, the President was not authorized to select
and purchase a site in Baltimore for a custom-
house, court-room, and post office; and whether,
under that law, a site luas not'been selected, and
propositions made for its purchase for these, pur-
poses ?
Mr. DAVIS. The law authorized th.e Presi-
dent to purchase a site, or sites, in his discretion,
for a court-house and for a post office. He has
selected a site, for which the amendment contem-
plates payment, for a court-house. It is adjacent
to the court-house now used by the State of
Maryland, in the city of Baltimore. It is in the
midst of the legal community, and more conve-
nient for the purpose of justice than any other
place in the city. He has likewise contracted
for a place for a post office in another portion
of the city. It is intended to accommodate' an-
other class of the community. About the loca-
tion of this building there is a dispute,into which
I do not care to enter at this time. The President
has contracted for the site for the court-house.
There is no difficulty about the erection of the
building. I ask, in my amendment, for the re-
quisite means to carry the law of the last session
into execution.
Mr. JONES. I supposed that the site selected
by the President, under a law passed at the .last
Congcss, was sufficient and well located for the
purposes required by the Government for a build-
ing in that city. I thought the Exchange build-
ing had been selected and bargained for, and
that it would afford sufficient room, if the site
were built on, for the purposes of a custom-house,
court-room, and post office.
Mr. DAVIS. The President has virtually de-
cided that by contracting for the Exchange prop-
erty for the post office alone. The property
undoubtedly is not, and cannot bo made, large
enough to accommodate the custom-house, court-
room, and post office. It would be entirely out
of the way of the legal community, and the most
inconvenient portion of the city to which law-
yers could be carried. The President has de-
cided wisely in fixing the court elsewhere, and
his action is concurred in by the legal gentlemen
of the city, Chief Justice Taney included.
Mr. JONES, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Davis's amend-
ment; and it was adopted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I offer the
following amendment:
For the completion of the marine hospitals at St. Marks,
Florida, and Galena, Illinois:
For St. Marks, $17,000,
For Galena, $2.%000.
I have been instructed by the Committee on
Commerce to present the amendment. It is in
accordance with the estimates of the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TYSON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For such suitable works of sculpture, or other artistical
embellishment, as may be ordered and approved by the
lomt Committee on the Library to be placed in either
Win" of the extended Capitol, when ready for their recep-
tion^ ยง20,000.
Mr MACE. That amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The _ Chair would askthe
gentleman from Pennsylvania if there is any law
authorizing the purchase of these things
Mr TYSON. I believe there is no law.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair sustains
the point of order, and rules the amendment not
in order. ... _
Mr TYSON. This appropriation is recom-
mended by the Joint Committee on the Library,
and it is connected with the Capitol extension.
The CHAIRMAN. Under the rule, no appro-
priation is in order as an amendment to a gen-
eral appropriation bill for any expend lture not
previously authorized by law, unless m contin-
uance of appropriations for such pubha works as
are always m progress.
