1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
865
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. CoUamer.
Senate.
tory of our progress shows that in every State
where slavery has been abolished, there has been
n rapid increase of wealth and population, and in
every element of prosperity. And it was in view
of this anticipated fact, I suppose, that our south-
ern friends insisted upon this slavery basis of
representation, in order to preserve their promi-
nence and power as a political element of the
Union; but, notwithstanding all that, by the ordi-
nance of 1787, all the territory then in the pos-
session of the Government was dedicated to free-
dom; and still later on, when the Missouri ques-
tion came up, when Missouri came knocking at
our doors for admission into the Union, as gen-
tlemen all know, there was violent objection made
to the admission of that State a a slave State.
Soon the cry of a dissolution of the Union was
raised by the friends of the admission of Missouri
as a slave State. Northern doughface after dough-
face appeared upon the scene. They, together
with the men from the South, devoted themselves
earnestly to the extension of slavery over the
Territories, to the great injury of free white labor.
The compromise was passed, and the North
acquiesced in the admission of Missouri. Then
was adopted the Missouri restriction, that slavery
or involuntary servitude should not be extended
further north than 36° 30'.
So they went on; but as time advanced it was
discovered that the free States were increasing
rapidly in population, beyond all expectation;
and that slavery should be further extended in
order to preserve to the South its full power and
sway in the politics of the country. The Demo-
cratic party was then in vigorous existence, and
controlled the destinies of the Government. The
wily politician of the North soon learned that, j
unless he made bis peace with the slaveholding
interest, he would be treated as an outlaw. The '
idea of Free-Soiliam would not be tolerated in con-
nection with the Democratic party. Any man
who undertook to play the part of a freeman was .
ostracised, and atonce shot down. His influence
ceased as a member of the Democratic party.
Then it was that Mr. Atherton, of New Hamp-
shire, for the purpose of conciliating the slave
element of this Government, introduced his reso-
lution against the right of petition. Then it was
that men enough were found in the American
House of Representatives to adopt that resolution.
Besides, a law had shortly previous been passed
by Congress, at the demand of the slaveholding
interest, to prevent the circulation of publications
and papers deemed prejudicial to the rights of the
South. Then it was that the Constitution of the
United States was violated. The rights of the
North were pushed aside, and power was given to
petty postmasters in slave States to overhaul the
mails of the country, and decide what should and
what should not be circulated. And from this
decision there was no appeal. Great Heavens !
that was Democracy, was it, to prohibit any mem-
ber of Congress to circulate among the people
documents which he deemed fit and proper for
the public information, and to give the decision
and control of the entire matter to a petty post-
master, whose office did not yield more than five
dollars yearly revenue to the Government.
We will pass on. That was acquiesced in on
the part of the North. The slave element grew
stronger and stronger. I understand that the
slave-owners are only one seventh of the white
population of the southern States. If I am wrong
fentlemen will correct me. The States of New
rork, Pennsylvania, and Massachusetts, have
one hundred and seven thousand four hundred
and fifty-eight more people than the slave States
have of white population. Now, should they
have less power than the people of those States ?
Is it right? It is " nominated in the bond," I
know; and I. only refer to it to show the magna-
nimity of our people in the North in reference
to the subject. They are disposed that southern
Hghts ana interests should be preserved accord-
ing to the provisions of that Constitution made
by our fathers in better days than these. We of
the North have no representation for our prop-
erty—not the least.
By the census of 1850 it appears that the total
white population of the fifteen slave States was
6,184,477, and those States have eighty-eight
Representatives in this body; while the popu-
lation of the above-mentioned States of New
York, Pennsylvania, and Massachusetts, by the
same census, was 6,291,935, and with only sixty-
nine Representatives, thus giving slavery an
excess of nineteen Representatives.
What have we next in the aggressions of the
South. I deny that there were any on the part
of the North. Texas was rapping for admission
into the Union. She was formed out of territory
| which had belonged to another power. Mr. Van
' Buren, then President of the United States, and
[ a candidate for renomination, expressed himself
fearlessly and frankly on that point; more so than
he had done on any previous occasion. He was
ostracised for it. Mr. Clay, the anticipated
nominee of the Whig party at that time, was
questioned,and he answered in that decisive spirit
which always characterized the man. We all
know the result. A man of the South, and an
ardent friend of slavery extension, prevailed, and
that, too, by the votes of the free North.
Then, we next pass on to 1850. Then, as ill-
luck would have it, the President elected by the
whole people of the United States deceased. Then
it was that Mr. Fillmore, the Vice President of
this Union, a son of New York—a State from
which I come—a man whose antecedents upon
the slavery question were well known and well
understood, stepped into the presidential chair—
a man who, I may be allowed to say, if his sub-
sequent action as President of the United States
was honest, and governed by honest convictions
and upright motives, was not honest when, in
1838 and 1840, being a candidate for Congress,
he answered certain letters addressed to him by
certain Abolitionists, emphatically indorsing the :
doctrine of the non-extension of slavery. I
But, after the compromise measures of 1850
( were adopted, the whole country acquiesced in
'them. We were disposed to acquiesce in them,
j and we supposed that the slavery agitation inci-
dent to this country and Government had ceased,
and we hoped we were rid of that matter. But we
soon discovered our mistake. Several gentle-
men, actuated by some motive or other, were not
disposed to allow the question to rest there, for
they introduced into the Kansas-Nebraska bill a
repeal of the Missouri restriction. That aroused
the free sentiment of the North. Men who were
disposed prior to that period to adhere strictly to
the Missouri compromise, and to sustain it in its
full spirit and intent, felt themselves relieved
from any further obligation to. compromise with
slavery in one single iota or particular, and
therefore it is that we find so many gentlemen
representing Free-Soil constituencies upon this
floor; and I may be allowed to say that the con-
vention by which I was nominated—and which,
by-the-by, was a Whig convention, and none
other—in my district, (which gave Mr. Polk some
twenty-five hundred majority,) composed of the
counties of Delaware and Otsego, adopted this
platform: " That the repeal of the Missouri com- j
promise, in which they had been disposed there- 1
tofore to acquiesce, absolved them from any
further obligation to compromise with slavery in
the future; and that all such compaomises were to
be avoided, as alike dangerous to freedom, free
labor, and free men." Therefore, I desire it to
be distinctly understood that I am not in favor of
the restoration of the Missouri compromise which
you have rejected, although I, and my people ,
behind me, were disposed to acquiesce in it, and j
to sustain it if it had been preserved intact; but j
we will not now have it by my consent. I profess J
to be a sort of Democrat in sentiment; and I am :
willing to say that I usually yield to the decisions
of the Democracy of numbers.
Well, it seems that you have got the Kansas-
Nebraska bill passed; and the doctrine is, that
its assumed principles of squatter sovereignty
are a sort of panacea to be applied to heal all divi-
sions and all diversity of feeling in this great
Union which we have heretofore had. See what
the consequence has been! Border-ruffianism has
borne sway in Kansas; and the slavery element
of the country is demanding that Kansas shall be
admitted as a slave State into this Union, as a
sine quanon. As far as I am concerned,and the
people whom I have the honor to represent, We
are determined that it shall not be so admitted;
and I can tell gentlemen who have been finding i
fault here during the debates which have been
had upon this floor, with the mode and manner
in which the free people of the North have seen
fit to emigrate to that Territory, and who have
indulged in a great many criticisms upon the pro-
priety of that conduct, that, if our people see fit
to go singly and alone, or in groups, they have
the right to do so; and it is not the right of any
gentleman, or any person, in any quarter of the
Union, to object to the manner in which they see
fit to conduct themselves in the matter of their
migration.
One further remark, and I have done. I dis-
cover here upon this floor, though I am a new-
comer, unaccustomed to legislation and its usages,
that, notwithstanding a great many southern Rep-
resentatives differ radically upon some questions,
for instance, where the foreigner is concerned, and
on that point are at swords' points and hostility
to each other—and in that particular I can very
well, and with propriety, if I obey the sentiments
of my heart and lifelong opinions, act with the
Democrats—yet the very moment this divine in-
stitution, as they call it, is concerned, those gen-
tlemen who have been in actual hostility to each
other embrace in the most loving and fraternal
concord, and have nothing further to say of their
previous conflicts. I do not know that I have any
reason to find fault with that. They say that
they believe the institution of slavery is right;
and, aa I said before, I shall not question their
sincerity. I shall not question, the sincerity of
any gentleman upon the floor in the avowal of
any sentiment which he sees fit to avow. Why
should not the free North also act as a unit upon
this question ? If their Representatives upon this
floorobey the sentiments of their constituencies, I
! am very sure they will act as a unit with scarce an
1 exception; and if northern Representatives had
! always done so, where would have been these
1 aggressions which have been, from time to time,
| made by the South upon the North, and its rights
. and interests ? They never would have occurred.
I said, sir, some time ago, prior to the organ-
ization of this House, in reply to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. A. K. Marshall,] that I
I would define my position. If I have not already
done so, I will define it in a very few words. I
deny, sir, the charge that I am an Abolitionist,
! or ever was. I do not recognize the right of an
Abolitionist to go into the State of Virginia, or
any other State, and interfere with the vested
rights of property existing there, which an Abo-
litionist, I suppose, would claim the right to do.
They call me, and the party with which I act,
Black Republican. I claim that slavery shall not
be extended into the Territories of this Govern-
ment which are now free, for this reason: that
servile labor and free labor cannot exist on the
same soil. The free people whom I in part rep-
resent have aright to their heritage; they have
a right to go there, and to carry there their mate-
rial of wealth—free labor, and not be interfered
with by servile labor brought from any quarter.
I am for sustaining the rights of free white labor
in the Territories; and therefore am I obnoxious
to the charge of being a Black Republican ! On
the contrary, sir, are not those gentlemen who
are for advancing and extending slavery and in-
voluntary servitude into the free Territories of
this Government, rather to be charged with being
members of the" Black Democrat party, or of tha
Black South American party ?
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. J. COLLAMER,
op vermont,
In the Senate, Jlpril 3, 1856.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having un-
der consideration the bill to authorize the people of the
Territory of Kansas to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, preparatory to their admission into the Union
when they have the requisite population—
Mr. COLLAMER said: Mr. President, I re-
member that a few years since there was published
in Virginia, a work called "New Vie ws of the Con-
stitution." It struck me as being a very extraor-
dinary title. "New Views of the Constitution"—
