m
AflteN&tX K) THE eONGRSSStON AL
[April 3,
34*H CoNG....lST SESS.
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. Collamer.
Senate.
that is, views whicli those who made the Consti-
tution never entertained; otherwise they would
not be new. Rut, sir, my surprise at that title has
gradually passed away. I cannot but have, ob-
served, and I think all gentlemen must have ob-
served, that there seems to be a very great desire
on this subject, as on most others, on die part df
some men in the community, to gratify a very in-
ordinate curiosity, and to express and manifest a
great deal of ingenuity in getting up new tsiews of
the Constitution. The Very fact that they are
new should be sufficient, in my estimation, to
condemn them. We want no new views of the
Constitution. To ascertain what were the ori-
ginal views of its framers is a proper subject of
investigation. We should resort to all the lights
which we can obtain in the history of our polit-
ical experience and legislation. We should en-
deavor to travel under the influence of those lights
so as to arrive at a correct conclusion in regard
to constitutional questions.
It is lcnown to men of legal experience, that
there is such a thing as what is called cotempo-
raneous construction; and we not only know its
existence, but many have experienced great ad-
ran tage from its use. When any degree of am-
biguity exists in reference to the construction of
any paper, contract, law, or statute—whether in
private life ot in relation to public affairs, and
espeeidiy when H is a paper of long standing,
much lignt may frequently be obtained by ascer-
taining what was tne construction at the time
when it was written—what course of conduct was
followed by the parties immediately on the incep-
tion erf the contract, immediately on the making
of the paper, immediately on the promulgation
of the law. If we can ascertain from the light
derived from their conduct and their action how
they understood it, we consider ourselves as
having made one step in the progress of truth.
I hardly know of any one branch of our Con-
futation where I consider cotemporaneous con-
struction so important as in regard to the subject
of slavery, and especially in relation to the rights
and interests of those States who claim and hold
slates. To them cotemporaneous construction
is, I think, a matter of the deepest importance.
They are the part of the United States which, I
think, would derive on this subject the least pos-
sible advantage from new views of the Constitu-
tion.
I have made this test remark for a reason which
I will suite. If a man were to take our Consti-
tution, and should dose the volume of our history,
and should obliterate our legislation, and read
that book without these lights, I think he would
come to the conclusion that there never was
such a thine as slavery in the countiy. There is
nothing in the instrument that would lead him to
dream of its existence. I know that it is some-
what difficult to ascertain how much we should
learn from the reading of any particular paper or
book, without the lights of experience around us.
It is as difficult, perhaps, as for a man now to
determine how much he would know in relation
to the moral attributes of the Deity if he had not
the light of revelation around him. The truth is
he has that light around him, and it is difficult
for him to judge how much he would be able to
discover if he had it not. We have the lights of
our experience; we have the .lessons of our
political history; and it is difficult for us to read
the Constitution without those lights. Still I
think it would be practicable to a considerable
extent.
There are only three places in the Constitution
in which, as we now understand the subject,
-slavery is aHttded to at all. In the second section
of the first articleof the Constitution it is provided
that—
" Representatives mtd direct t*xe  shall be apportioned ]
among the several States which may be included within
tills Union, according to their respective numbers, which
shall be determined by adding to the whole number of free
melHdingtNose bound to-servieefer a term of years,
and •xcludtag Indian* not «u«d, thres fifths of all other
persons."
Let a man, with a perfect knowledge of the
English language, read that clause without the
lessons of our history aild legislation, and I ask
in all candor—though he might be a highly in-
telligent man—what would he think about it? He
"WooM say, " three fifths of alt other persons! I
am stumbled at what they did mean; what other
persons could there be? you have included all free
people, and excluded all Indians, and who else
could there be ? " Remember he has not history
to go to. I ask any man on earth how would he
answer that question ? It cannot be answered.
The next place where it is supposed the subject
, is alluded to a little obliquely, and by circumlo-
cution, id this provision:
" The migration or importation of such persons As any
of the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall
not be prohibited by Congress prior to the year 1806."
If a matt should read that clause alone, would
fie ever think that it alluded to slaves or slavery?
Is there any intimation in it which Would make a
man dream of any such thing? Certainly not.
All he could conclude from it would be, that some
States wished to encourage foreign immigration,
, and some did not; that some wished to fill up their
! territory, and some did not; and, therefore, they
regulated it for the time being, by providing that
each State should do as it pleased. That is all
that evidently could.be inferred from the reading
of this clause.
The third place in which it is alluded to is the
provision, that "no person held to service or labor,
oy the laws of one State under the laws thereof,
escaping into another, shall, in consequence of
any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up."
Try the same experiment again; read it from the
light of that clause alone, and would anybody
! dream of the existence of slavery? Never; never.
| I presume, Mr. President, that other gentle-
men, like myself, have, in the course of the pres-
ent session, received somewhat of a large pam-
phlet, or volume, in which the subject is taken
up and discussed. It is, in fact, an abolition
paper. It is a long argument founded on the
position, that, if you read the provisions of the
Constitution, they do not recognize slavery at
all; that it is a charter of liberty, and therefore
the existence of slavery is unconstitutional every-
where in the Union. That argument is drawn
from the reading of the Constitution from its o'Wn
| mere light, without any possible reflection from
J other quarters.
S Now, Mr. President, how do we arrive at the
i true meaning of all these provisions ? How will
1 those gentlemen who claim the right to hold
slaves in the States under the Constitution get at
■ that right, guarantied to them, as they say, by
| the Constitution ? Where is it in the Constitu-
i tion? It certainly is not there. But the moment
! we open the volume of our political history, the
moment -tore read the lessons of our own legisla-
tion cotemporaneous with and springing out of
the Constitution, we at once get light on all these
! three branches. What is it? You find in rela-
I tion to the first branch that, when Representatives
! were apportioned by the first Congress after a
; census was taken, the apportionment was made
by counting amongst these "three fifths of all
other persons"—slaves. They apportioned them
in that mode, and have done so ever since. This
fives us light as to what is meant by " three
flhs of all other persons."
Again, when we come to the fclsfttse in regard
to the migration or importation of certain persons,
what do we learn ? We learn that Congress, as
soon as 1808 arrived, prohibited absolutely and
everywhere the importation of slaves. That was
the thing which the Constitution meant they
should not do until 1808. They passed a laiv
immediately before that year, to come into effect
in 1868; but they did not do it until that time in
relation to the country at laige. Why not? Read
the clause of the Constitution providing that the
migration and importations of persons whom the
States existing may think proper to admit, shall
not be prohibited until 1808. We see from the
light of that history, from the effect of that legis*
lation, what these words meant. The " persons"
there mentioned, Whose migration was not to be
prohibited, were slaves.
Agtun, if you go to the clause which says, that
persons bound to service by the laws of one
State, and who escape into another State, shall
not by any law therein be released from that ser-
vice, ws should not know anything about what
that meant; but we find as early as 1793 a law of
Congress to carry that provision into effect, and
Under that law slaves were reclaimed. That,
then, was the thing intended, and from it we
obtain light.
Mr. BUTLER. They did not use the word
" slaves."
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know that they
used the word "slaves;" but, if we look at the
history of it and its effect, we find that it was to
recapture slaves, and the illustrations of history
show that is exactly what they understood it to
mean.
I do not wish to enter into a controversy with
those who say that this cotemporaneous construc-
tion is a clear View of What the Constitution meant
—I think it is. I do not think it leaves any doubt.
The meaning of the three provisions which I
have mentioned is, in my opinion, illustrated
by this cotemporaneous, practical construction,
given to them at that time and continued to this
day. I think there is no doubt about the mean-
ing of them; but, I say it requires that cotem-
poraneous construction and needs that light in
order to settle the question.
It is true, then, that practical, cotemporaneous
construction is of very great importance, and
especially in regard to the construction of the
Constitution in relation to slavery. It would bft
well, therefore, to be acquainted with it when We
undertake to legislate or talk about the powers of
Congress over the subject.
Now I propose to show and insist, though not
at great length, that, bv the practical, cotempora-
neous construction of tne Constitution, Congress
has power over slavery in the Territories, without
State limits. Congress has never submitted the
question of freedom or slavery to the people of
tne Territories in any form, to be there operated
upon, while they were Territories. The people of
a Territory in the forming of a State government
must, of course, have the power to form their
State constitution like iny other State in the
Union,as they please, so that it be republican in
form, in order to be on an equality with other
States. This is quite obvious. It needs no argu-
ment. That is not what I am talking about. I am
speaking as to the prohibition, or the existence,
or regulation of slavery within a Territory while
it remains a Territory. I say Congress has never,
until now, permitted that question to be agitated,
or discussed, or regulated in the Territories them-
selves; and therefore I insist that the present at-
tempt is a new experiment, and the very fact that
it is a new experiment is to me fen almost insu-
perable objection to it.
In the next place, I think it appears', frcm the
history of legislation and the exercise of power
on the subject of slavery within the Territories
by the General Government, that Congress has
regulated it in this way': Where Slavery did not
exist to any considerable Or appreciable extent,
Congress, by general or particular laws, has in
those Territories prohibited it from tithe to time;
and in those Territories where slavery Was exist-
ing, and where it was found to exist, Congress
in legislating for them did hot do anything that
would justify us in saying that they repudiated
the exercise of power; but the institution being
there,and being used by the people who had gone
there, and this being a fair evidence of its adapt-
iveness to their use. Congress have suffered it to
remain, making various provisions for its regular
tion.
I think that is the leSson #hich we derive frdm
our legislation. Congress did exercise power
over and in relation to the subject from the origin
of the Constitution. Frdrti this I conclude they
had the power. It is shown by the cotempora-
neous exposition of th« Constitution, and by the
action of Congress ever since. Whatever new
views of the Constitution may be gotten up now,
I care not how ingenious and plausible they may
be, if they in effect so construe the power of Con-
gress over the Territories, or derive it from such
sources as to evisceralte it and deprive Congress
of the possession of this power which has been
80 often exercised, all I can say is, that it is
entirely new, and, therefore, unfounded, being
inconsistent with the lessons of experience.
It is hardly necessary, in order to show what I
have been thus Stating in general terms, to go
very carefully into particulars in relation to the
northern part of the United States. Before the
