1102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
The resolution was considered as in Committee
of the Whole, was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. HALE, it was
Ordered, That wlien the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. BROWN. I ask that the bills relating to
the District of Columbia may be taken up, and
assigned for next Friday, or on the succeeding
day, if the Senate will agree to sit on Saturday.
There are only two or three of the District bills
which are of great importance, and 1 am partic-
ularly desirous that they should be disposed of.
My friend from Pennsylvania is somewhat alarmed
about the gas bill, but I do not propose to include
that in my motion. I desire to dispose of those
bills which are absolutely important to the Dis-
trict.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall not object to the
proposition with the understanding that-the bills
referred toby the Senator shall not interfere with
the naval question, if it be not disposed of in the
mean time.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I must object to setting
apart Friday for any other business than private
bills. We have a rule of the Senate requiring
that private bills shall be considered on that day;
and it is regarded as out of order, or at any rate
as improper, to ask for their consideration'on any
other day.
Mr. BROWN. Perhaps the Senate, in a case
of this sort, will agree to sit on one Saturday. I
do not wish to incommode others; but I am de-
sirous of having the business of the District of
Columbia disposed of. The history of legislation
for the last eight years, to my knowledge, has
been, thut the District business is postponed day
after day to more important matters, and never
receives that attention to which it is entitled. As
I have been constituted a sort of organ in this
body—though a very poor one—for the District
of Columbia, I feel some solicitude that whatever
concerns it should have proper attention. Will
not the Senate agree to sit on to-morrow week?
Mr. BRODHEAD. It cannot be done.
Mr. STUART. It will be impossible to get a
quorum hero on Saturday.
Mr. BROWN. Then I must insist on the past-
ponement of the District bills until next Friday.
I give notice that if this motion fails, I shall move
to take up those bills at the first opportunity I get.
Mr. WADE. Friday has been appropriated
for private business; and there is an accumulation
of bills on the Private Calendar which, in justice
to individual claimants, ought to be acted on at
an early day. I hope that nothing; will be done
which will prevent our going on with private
business on Friday. Being a member of thcCom-
inittee on Claims, 1 know that there are many
cases of hardship whore the parties have waited
for a long time to obtain the money which the
Government owes them; and it is no more than
justice to them that their claims should be acted
upon on the day which has been assigned for
them. We have already, on two Fridays in suc-
cession, passed over their claims, as 1 think, to
the detriment of their rights. I hope that the
Senate hereafter will devote Friday to private
bills.
Mr. BROWN. It is suggested to me, that if
we postpone the District business until Monday
"week, it will be much less likely to interfere with,
other measures. I feel particular concern in
having two or three bills relating to the District
passed. I think they can be disposed of in a few
hours. If we can have them fixed for Monday
week, with the understanding that they shall not
be ovenidden by some measure of public import-
ance, 1 will consent to tijpu postponement to that
d ay.
Mr. SUMNER. Monday week has already
been assigned for the Kansas question.
Mr, MALLORY. We can lay that aside.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is on
taking up the bills named by the Senator from
Mississippi.
The motion to take up the District of Columbia
bills \va« agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I now move to postpone the
further consideration of these bills until Monday
week, with the understanding that they shall not
give way to anything else at that time. I desire
to give notice now, however, that I shall take the
first convenient opportunity which may present
itself, to move to take up the bill providing for
the removal of the armory, as the damages which
it is proposed to pay for the removal of the site
are increasing by every day's delay. My motion
is, that the other District of Columbia bills be
postponed until Monday week, and be made the
special order for that day.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 5, 1856.
Prayer by the Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain
of the House of Representatives.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, the final report of the Board of Army
Officers upon claims for funds advanced, and sub-
sistence and supplies furnished, for the use of
Fremont's California battalion; which, on motion
of Mr. Weller, was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
OHIO ON AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
Mr. PUGK. Mr. President, I have been fur-
nished with a copy of certain resolutions, which
have been passed by the General Assembly of the
State of Olno. I ask that they may be read.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
Joint Resolutions relative to Kansas Affairs.
Whereas, the otigmal policy of our country contem-
plated no extension of Maveiy beyond the limits of slave I
States, and nomoiea^e of the numbei of sudi States, ami
whereas, expeiience lias sufficiently proven that every de-
parting tiom that policy has been productive of evil, and
of evil only; and wheicas, by the repeal of the slavery pio-
lubition of the Mi-r-ouu compiomise, the whole question
oi' slaveiy, m its ielation to the Union, the States, and the
Terntories, has been icopened; and whereat:, the people
of Kansas, depuved of the piotectiim of that prohibition,
and despoiled by aimed invasion of their undoubted right to
elect their own Kepiesout,Hives, have been compelled to
choose between the .alternatives of icsoit to the 'inherent
right of eveiy community, in the absence of valid law-*, to
ptovide tor its own safety and good ordet, or submission to
the unauthouzed edicts of a pretended Legu-latuie, seeking
to compel the admission of slavery hf appointing its own
creatures to all terutoual offices, whether executive or
judicial, and by imposing such icetnotions upon the rights
of suffrage at tuture elections, as will exclude the opponents
of slavery 1'iom the polls ; and wlieieas,the people of Kan-
sas, propeily adopting the foimcr alternative, have pio-
ceedcd to elect a Delegate to Congress, and to form for them-
selves a State constitution, with a view to application for
admi^ion into the Union ; arid whereas it is the duly, tn
the judgment of thi  Geneial Assembly, of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and ot the people ot the Mweial States, to unite
then elTom to :-avc the Terutoiy of Kansas from the renewal
ol civil tumult and tiom the further shedding of blood : JJe
it theicfore
Resolved by the General Jl<sscmhly of the State of Ohio,
Th.it the came of the people of Kansas, engaged in delend-
mg themselves against lawless violence, and in asseiting.
their inherent right of scli-government. be, and hereby i y
cai ne.'tly coinmendcd to the warm sympathies of the people
of Ohio.
Resolved y That our Senators m Congress be instructed,
and Representatives requested, to oppose ail acts and meas-
uies which tend to recognize as legal and binding any of
the act* ot the pretended Legislature of Kan as held at
Shawnee Mission.
Resolved, That our Senators in Congress be instructed,
and Representatives icquested, to use their best endeavors
for the immediate passage of an act of C\mg>e«s admitting
Kansas mto the Union an a free State, with such limitation
of bound.uy as by Congress shall be deemed advisable ; and
m case- Congress shall not consent to such admission, then
to use their bout endeavors to secure the passage of acts en-
abling the people of that Teiritory to elcot their own Gov-
crrio! and othei officers, and tnlly protect them in the exer-
cise of the elective franchi.-e.
lie^olrcd, That our Senators in Congiess be further in-
stiueted, and our Repiesentatives lequested, to u^e their
best endeavors to secure the passage of laws piohibiting
slave)y in the Tenitones of Kansas and Nebraska, and all
temtory embraced m the Mi.-t-ouri compionn^e. and rees-
tablishing the original Ameiiean policy, as declared by the
regulation proposed by Thomas Jelfeison in 1784 for the
exclusion of slaveiy ftom all teiritory ceded or to be ceded ;
and of such other laws as shall best fulfill the high duty re-
peatedly acknowledged by the people of Ohio, of using all
power clearly given by the terms of the national compact,
to prevent the increase, to mitigate and finally eradicate the
evil of slavery, without encroaching upon, or in any way
legislating upon, the right of each State to adopt and modify
its own municipal laws, to regulate its own internal affairs,
and to hold and maintain its equal and independent sover-
eignty with each and every other State.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested treatise a copy
of this preamble and resolutions, properly certified, to bo
forwarded to each of our Senators and Representatives in
Congress, and the Governor of each State in the Union.
N. H. VANVORHES,
Speaker House of Represdntativts 
THOMAS H. FORD,
April 9,1856. President Senate.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, it is not my pur-
pose to detain the Senate at present with any
observations on the subject of those resolutions.
I simply desire to say that I have arrived at con-
clusions entirely different, both of law and of
fact, and that I mean to take upon myself the re-
sponsibility of disobeying those instructions. On
some future occasion I shall ask the Senate to
listen to me whilst I give the reasons for this
course. My colleague, I believe, is entitled to
the floor next after the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Cass;] and unless some Senator claims it,
I shall then be disposed to follow him in some
observations on the subject to which the resolu-
tions relate. I move that the resolutions lie on
the table, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed the following bills and joint resolu-
tions:
A bill (H. R. No. 130) to grant to L. Jane
Hornor and children a section of land in Oregon;
A bill (H. R. No. 217) for the relief of the heirs
of Colonel Charles Simms, late collector of the
port of Alexandria;
A bill (H. R. No. 213) to construe the act en-
titled " An act for the relief of James M. Coggm,"
approved July 27, 1854;
A bill (II. R. No. 223) for the relief of John
Crawford;
A bill (H. R. No. 253) granting a pension-40
Mrs. Nancy Wcatherford;
A btll (H. R. No. 266) for the relief of Captain
J. P. Hatch, of the United States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 257) for the relief of Jacob
Price, of Jefferson county, Virginia;
A bill (H. R. No. 268) for the relief of the le^al
representatives of Captain Joseph H. Whipple,
deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of the heirs
of the late Colonel John Hardin;
A bill (H. R. No. 290) for the relief of Emma
Bidumon;
A bill (H. R. No. 238) granting a pension to
Ansel Wilkinson; and
A joint resolution (J. R. No. 10) for the relief
of Dr. William P. A. Hail, late of the Tennessee
volunteers in the Mexican war.
Also, that they had passed Senate joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 7) for the relief of the Southwest-
ern and Muscogee Railroad Companies.
Also, that the House had agreed to the second
conference asked for by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, and appointed
Messrs. Pringle, McMulli.y, and Stantox, the
committee on the part of the House.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGGS presented a memorial of Cherokee
Indians residing in North Carolina, praying that
the fund held in trust by the United States for the
benefit of those Indians may be divided per capita
amongst the members of that tribe; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of James A.
Girardm, administrator of Jacques or James Gi-
rardin, deceased, praying for the payment of a
balance due for the services of the deceased as a
volunteer in the war of 1812; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of James S.
Abeei, United States military storekeeper at Rome,
New York, praying to be allowed additional com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILSON presented a memorial of Francis
C. Tread well, praying that the volunteers engaged
in the defense of Salem and its vicinity in the last
war with Great Britain, may be placed on the
same footing, as to pay and bounty land, with
other volunteers who served in that war; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
