1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ophy of government, predicted all those disasters
which have overtaken the cause of free govern-
ment in France during the last half century,from
the failure to divide the legislative power between
two departments.
It was essential, therefore, that there should be
two departments of the legislative body. Well,
if you establish two different departments to be
rivals of each other, you must, _in some way,
establish a balancc between them. The question
is, how that balance shall be formed and estab-
lished. For if you do not give to each so much
power that it can stand by itself, it will in the end
be crowdcd out by the other branch, or by a com-
bination between the other branch and the Exec-
utive; it will lose its 'prestige, as the House of
Lords, in England, is gradually giving place, and
making room for the complete exercise of the
legislative power, and, practically, the exclusive
legislative power of the Commons.
This was a very difficult task, and it required
vast ingenuity to establish the balance between
the Senate and House of Representatives. The
constitution of the Senate gave it some towering
and controlling advantages. The first was, that
its members were elected for a term of six years,
instead of two, and that they had thereby the
advantage of the experience which they acquired
in the practical discharge of their duties. In the
next place, it was a smaller body, capablc of
transacting business easily, allowing the greatest
freedom of debate, as we enjoy here, and yet, at
the same time, having the practical advantage of
being able to bring questions to a conclusion by
a vote. But to the Senate was assigneda peculiar
branch of the powers of the Government, and that
was a negative upon the appointing power of the
President of the United States—a veto upon the
king. It is a transcendent advantage. It holds
the President completely in check. If the time
shall ever come when a President shall be found
who would seek, by a coup d'Jtat, or otherwise,
to subvert the Constitution, and to suppress the
liberties of the people, the Senate has the power
of preventing the consummation of so atrocious
a design by the negative which it holds upon
offices, civil, naval, or military. To the Senate
was assigned a third power, legislative in its char-
acter, and that is, the power of ratifying or re jecting
treaties; so that the President is subjected to the
will of the Senate of the United States in his con-
duct of the foreign relations of the country. Now,
every one sees that these three things, from which
the House of Representatives is excluded, and in
which the Senate of the United States enjoys a
superiority, give to the Senate a power to balance
itself against the greater power of the House of
Representatives arising from the fact, that the
House of Representatives derives its authority
more directly from the people themselves;
The practical operation of the conduct of the
Government has been in accordance with these
principles. I think it will be found that a large
share of the practical business of legislation, much
the largest share, originates in the Senate of the
United States instead of the House of Repre-
sentatives. I think it is to this body that the
public are more accustomed to look with the ex-
pectation that business will be transacted promptly
and successfully, and that higher consideration
and rcspcct are, therefore, shown by the people
towards the Senate. If this be so, it is necessary
to take care that we do not disturb the balance
between us and the House of Representatives;
that, however advantageous it may be for the
Senate and th'e country that* wc shall transact
business promptly, and, if you please, transact it
more wisely than the House of Representatives,
yet it is all essential and of the last importance
that there shall be a House of Representatives
which l^hall maintain the equilibrium assigned to
it by the Constitution. Are you sure that you
will have that when you have not only all these
exclusive powers on your side, but when you add
to them an equal share in the origination of bills
for expending the money of the people? I think
not, sir.
I know that this may seem to be a specula-
tion somewhat theoretical. I know that it may
seem to be fanciful; but still I find that it is based
upon the principles which were elicited in the dis-
cussion of the Constitution by its founders; and
although it would be hazardous for me to trench
upon the ground, whether the Senate of this day
or the House of Representatives of this .ctay have
the actual superiority of merit in the transac-
tion of business, or in patriotism., or in anything
else, yet I find that, tj^reticallvj the views I
have taken are those wm<^prevailed in the adop-
tion of the Constitution, and upon which the
great principle of excluding the Senate from the
power of originating revenue bills was based.
If I were asked, Mr. President, what I deemed
the cardinal principle of this Government—what
I deemed that one principle which renders it safe
amidst all.the storms of faction, which renders it
practically eternal, I should say that it is in this:
that it relies not upon laws, not upon forcc, not
upon fraud, but upon the consent and c\pquicscence
of the people in the action of the Government
itself; and 1 have occasion to admire always, and
always to increase my admiration, when [ have
reflected upon the machinery by which that ac-
quiescence is obtained. Ihe acquiescence of
the ambitious men of the nation, we were told in
the debates of the convention, would be secured
through the constitution, and organization, and
action of the Senate: the acquiescence of the peo-
ple themselves would be sccured by the fact, that
not a dollar could be drawn from them for the
support of this Government, for a measure of
either peace or war, but what'is drawn from them
with their own express consent, through their
suffrage for the Representative who votes for the
levying of the revenue, and who is accountable to
them for the discharge of his trust. If ever the
time should come when there shall be danger of
storms and of tempests disturbing the safety of
this nation, the consent which will be found to
sustain the Constitution will be found to be the
consent of those one hundred thousand persons
in each of the representative districts who have a
Representative in the other branch of the Legisla-
ture, and not in the corporate consent or action
of the States, which could be directed against
each other.
I confess, therefore, sir, to an earnest desire, a
strong desire, to retain for the House of Repre-
sentatives the privileges and rights which it has
exercised from the foundation of the Govern-
ment until this day. I am not amongst those
who undervalue the patriotism, or the intelli-
gence, or the virtue of the Senate of the United
States. No man is more reverential of the virtue
of the dead of past ages, or of their wisdom, than
I am;'no man is less likely to be extravagant in
praises of the wisdom and virtue of the living; j
yet, sir, I am oue of those who regard it as
amongst the caprices, and the follies, and the
absurdities of this age, that we arc accustomcd
to suppose our fathers were wiser than we are,
or more virtuous than we are. Sir, I think that
the sun of heaven never shone upon a body of
more patriotic men than that which I have the
honor to address. It is for me a pride, which i
shall carry with me to my grave, that I was
deemed worthy by the State to which I belong,
to be associated, by their act, as a member of
this august body. So far from its having deteri-
orated, I believe it has gained, both in virtue and
in wisdom. I think the same of the House of
Representatives. If I had not this consolation to
rely upon, I should see nothing more for man-
kind but a universal decline and dccay. If I did
not think that we of this day were wiser than
those who have gone before us, I should see no
reason to think that those who aie to come after
us would ever correct the many faults which wc
have committed,
I think then, sir, that I stand upon the princi-
ples and the spirit of the Constitution of the United
States in advising against the instruction which
is asked for by the Committee on Finance.
In conclusion, sir, I do not think it necessary
at this time. What has been the practice for
seventy years can be the practice for at leastone,
two, or three years longer. Within that time the
inconveniences of the transaction of business in
the House ofReprescntatives,outofwhich I think
this resolution of instruction has arisen, may have
passed by. They may conduct their business more
promptly herpafter. At all events, no great public
interest suffers,,or has suffered, for the want of
this power in the Senate. On the other hand,
every public interest has been maintained; and,
although in the fiscal affairs of a Government
which has a surplus revenue of fifteen or twenty
or twenty-five millions of dollars a year, there is
undoubtedly much improyidence,yet no. Governs
ment has ever conducted its fiscal affairs with opi
half the skill, with one half the patriotism, or onej
half the wisdom which has marl$c(Lthe adminis^
tration of the finances of the United. States^ t
think, sir, it is best to let well enough aloijc.
I think this proposition is not in a shape to win
success, even if its object were desirable. It is$
proposition from the Committee on Finance to
Senate, to instruct them to assume this power*-
which they have never exercised, and wliich^
after all the instructions are given that can be giver*
by the Senate, they cannot exercise without the
consent of the House of Representatives. I think
that consultation with the House of Rcprescnta-*
tives, or a joint resolution, or the appointing of
a joint committee—some mode of conference at
least, with the House of Representatives, upon
such a delicate and such an important point, would
be wiser than this.
I think, then, that neither in time nor in man-
ner is the proposition wise. I reason on thiq
subject as men are obliged to reason—from the
principles of human nature. I do not know how
others may think they would feel if they were;
placed in the House of Representatives. I see
by my side my honorable friend from Georgia,
[Mr. Toombs,] who I apprehend will support
this resolution; yet I cannot resist the conviction
that, if he were with me in the House of Repre^
sentatives, and the Senate should send an appro-
priation bill there, for the .first time since the?
foundation of the Government, asking the House*
of Representatives, without previous conference,
to pass that bill, his voice would ccho under all
its arches, and resound throughout the'whole
land, in vindication of the independence of the
House of Representatives—that House of Repre^
sentatives upon which, in the last resort, are to
be rested the hopes of this nation for itsf own
integrity and its own safety, and of the people
for their freedom, and, through that freedom and
safety, of the nations of the earth for their freedom
and progress to a better and more perfect liberty.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, this is a prop-
osition, submitted by the Committee on Finance
to the Senate, to take the sense of this body in
regard to the propriety of authorizing that com-
mittee to report to the Senate such of the general
appropriation bills as the committee may deem
proper. The resolution was thus limited, as you.
yourself, sir, [Mr. Stuart in the chair,] will well
remember, with the express view of enabling that
committee to interchange opinions with the Com-,
mittee of Ways and Means of the other House *
when it shall be constituted, to see what would
hi?' best, between the two committees, for the dis-
charge of the general business of Congress. It
was so framed, under the impression that it would
advance the dispatch and the proper consideration
of the general appropriation bills which are of the
highest importance to the country, to enable the
two Houses to divide this labor so that it might
fall less heavily upon each, and so aa to enable
each of them to deliberate and consider well the
propositions which might be brought before them.
The Senator from New York, however, objects
to the resolution, partly upon some fancied anal-
ogies, which really do not exist, between this
body and the English House of Lords—-between
this Government and that of Great Britain; and
partly because it is against the spirit of the Con-
stitution; and to sustain himself in that position,
he refers to the fact that, to report these bills
now, would be an innovation upon the old prac-
tice of the two Houses. I admit that, so far as
reporting the general appropriation bills is con-
cerned, it would be the first time if the Senate
should now instruct its committee to bring them
in; but I deny, so far as the question of power is.
concerned, that it would be any innovation upon
the established practice of this body, or upon its.
constant claim in relation to power as distributed
under the Constitution of the United States be-
tween the two Houses. Why, sir, we have
passed special appropriation bills since the estab-
lishment of the Government down to to-day. We
passed a bill to-day for the relief of Mr. iVIarsh.
If we may relieve one individual by a special ap-
propriation bill, why may wc not relieve many by
a general appropriation bill ? If we may pass one
pension bill for the relief of a particular individual,
why may- we not pass the general appropriation
bill fosj? the supply of peq&ions-? If we may do
