1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xm
shall have charge of the erection of no public
buildings except works of defense.
But inasmuch as the gentleman from Ohio has
furnished some of the extravagant estimates for
furniture in the Capitol extension, I desire to
obtain gome information as to the cost of furnish-
ing some of the committee-rooms of this Capitol
during the present session of Congress. I under-
stand that, under the order of some of the com-
mittees, furniture to the amount of five hundred
or one thousand dollars has been purchased for
single rooms, in'addition to the furniture already
there. I desire to call attention to this fact in
connection with the facts which the gentleman
has brought out in reference to extravagance in
the furniture of the committee-rooms of the ex-
tension.
Mr. BALL. I am not able to give the gentle-
man from Arkansas all the information he desires
in reference to the furniture of the committee-
rooms. The furniture of the room in which the
committee of which 1 am a member sit, would
not cost altogether more than two or three hun-
dred dollars; but it is good enough for the place.
But, even if $1,000 has been expended, it falls
very much short of the estimates of Captain
Meigs for the extension. The estimates in the
aggregate for a single room amount to §3,600,
excluding carpets and many other articles.
Mr. GREENWOOD. What comnuttee-room
is that?
Mr. BALL. The Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Well, sir, I will Say
this, that while I would not approve of the ex-
travagance with which this committee-room has
been furnished, yet, if there is any committee-
room that deserves to be well-furnished, it is the
room of the Committee on Agriculture, because
that committee is charged with duties which are
of greater interest and importance to the country
than, perhaps, any other committee in the House.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment was then adopted.
Mr. H. MARSHALL moved the following
amendment:
To enable tiie Secretaiy of the Interior to procure alease
from the hoard of t>upeivisois ot' Ontario county, New
York, for.icouit-room and post office at Canandaigua. New
York, and to furnish the ~amc, $13,000.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. I ask whether there is any law author-
izing the appropriation?
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, I do not know
about the law, but 1 know this, we want a law
on the subject. Judge Hall, who holds the court
at Canandaigua, is before us. The people of Can-
andaigua are before us in a memorial setting forth
that by an expenditure of §12,000 we may obtain
a room for the United States courts in that place.
The people of Ontario county are about building
a new court-house, and, by making this appro-
priation now, we may save fifty or one hundred
thousand dollars for building a new house.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the committee will listen
I will briefly state the case. The board of super-
visors of Ontario county, New York, are build-
ing a new court-house. They say that the plan
of their building is so large, that by the expendi-
ture of $12,000 it will accommodate the United
States court and post office. Judge Hall, who
holds the court, says that he is not accommo-
dated at "all. He says that he must have a new
building and better accommodation. _ We think
this expenditure is the most economical way of
providing in the matter. By this expenditure of
$12,000 we may hereafter save the expenditure
of §100,800 for the same purposes.
Mr. LETCHER. Nearly every place at the
North, where there is a United States court held,
it seems comes here and asks for a contribution
to aid in building a court-house, or for the entire
appropriation of money neaessary for the pur-
pose. My own view about this thing^ is just
this: in the section of country where I live, and
where these Federal courts are held, there is a
disposition on the part of the people to accom-
modate the Government of the United States by
furnishing it with accommodations to hold its
courts. Nobody from there comes here appeal-
:n<? for an appropriation of §12,000 or §250,000.
llr. RITCHIE. Was there not an appropri-
ation made for the construction of a court-house
at Wheeling, Virginia?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir; and I voted against
it. When we came to the city of Pittsburg the
gentleman voted for the proposition, and he has
been begging appropriations for it ever since—for
furniture, and all that sort of thing. My rule
about the matter would be this: These courts
are established for the accommodation oC the
people. Many of them are established for the
local accommodation, and because certain mem-
bers are a little active in securing their location
within their districts. It is not absolutely certain
that, as population and trade increase, these
courts will remain where they are now held.
Here you are called on to make the appropria-
tions, and that, too, when in five or ten years,
from consideiations arising out of the increase of
population and trade, the Government may be in-
duced to remove the courts-from the points where
they are now held to others more convenient, and
nearer to the center of the population. Is this
money to be expended on a hazaid like this ? Is
it to be appropriated when these courts can be
changed at any session of Congress' Are you
going to build court-houses, or contribute to the
building of city halls to be used as court-houses,
when they may hereafter be abandoned and the
Government will have no building for the courts
whatever? Then the court-houses will, as was
the case with the Memphis navy-yard some years
ago, be ceded to the city to get rid of them.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Ontario county is in
a well-settled country, and I imagine population
will increase as fast there as it does elsewhere.
Mr. LETCHER. Every man knows that pop-
ulation is constantly shifting; that business and
the points of trade are constantly shifting; and
that by means of local improvement, accessibil-
ities to different points are constantly changing.
One point is more accessible to-day than it will
be, in all probability, live years henee.
Mr. McMTJLLTN. I move to reduce the ap-
propriation $4,900. I ask the attention of the
committee for a few moments. Is it the policy
of the Government to rent buildings for court-
houses, or, as my colleague mquned, to join with
and be copartners with the counties of the several
States in the Union in the construction of court-
houses for joint use ? Now, if this appropiiation
is voted for Ontario couuiy in the State of New
York, how can similar appropriations be with-
held from every other county ? What is the
experience, of gentlemen on this floor? I call the
attention of the committee to my own district.
The Federal court there is held at Wytheville.
The people of the county have built a very hand-
some court-house, and they have tendered its use
to the Federal court. The court is fully and
comfortably accommodated.
But we are asked to adopt a veiy different pol-
icy. We are asked to appropriate money for the
purpose of aiding the counties in the construction
of thoircourt-houses. The system is a monstrous
one. I beg gentlemen to weigh well the ques-
tion befoie them. If this $12,000 be voted for a
county in New York, can a like appropriation be
withheld from my district? For consistency, if
gentlemen adopt the pending amendment, ihey
will be compelled to vote a similar appropriation
to the Wyiheville court-house. Not only for my
distuct will such an appropriation have to be
made, but for every other in the country. Is it
just? Is it right? Certainly not.
Mr. Chairman, T am astonished at your decis-
ion m this case. The amendment is clearly out of
order. But since you are inclined to be extraor-
dinarily latitudinous in the construction of the
rules, 1 hope the committee will express its dis-
sent bv voting down the amendment.
Mr.'H. MARSHALL. 1 am opposed to the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia. I
must say that to my unsophisticated understand-
ing, where there is a United States court held,
there must be provision for its accommodation.
This is simply a proposition for the appropriation
of money to enable the Secretary of the Interior
to provide the desired accommodation. There is
no provision for going into partnership with any
city or county in building a court-house. The
amendment merely appropriates money to enable
the Secretary of the Interior to furnish accommo-
dations for the United States court at Canan-
daigua.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would ask the gentle-'
man if this has been recommended by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury?' '
Mr. MARSHALL. I have already made the
statement to the House,that I have before me'n
letter from Judge Hall, who holds the court there.
He states that the court is not accommodated* at
all: that the room in which he is compelled to hold
his court is low, dark, and unsuited to the pur-
pose. He has made this proposition, and it meets
the approbation of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. It is now before the House in order, and
it is for the committee to decide whether they
will enable the Secretary of the Interior to furnish
the accommodations or not.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. McMullin]
says fair play is a jewel, and that this must be
carried out in Virginia. I say so too. Bring
forward an amendment to that effect, and where-
ever there is a United States court held in Vir-.
ginia, as a matter of course the judge and court
must be accommodated.
The other gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] has presented a new idea here. He
says that these places where the courts are held
may be changed. As I said before, I apprehend
that the condition of New York, as to settlement,
is now so complete that they may know where
the public is to be accommodated in holding their
courts; and the probability is, that the United
States district court for the district of New York
will remain at Canandaigua.
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman whether this has been recommended by th.e
Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. MARSHALL. I have just replied to that
question.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, has it been recom-
mended by anybody else? I would like to know
who is responsible for this recommendation.
The question was taken on Mr. McMollin's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I propose an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky. It is one which embraces all
the provisions of the gentleman from Kentucky,
and applies with equal justice to all sections of
the country, whether north or south.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
amendment—a lengthy one—and had read the
first clause, as follows:
For the purpose of constructing a custom-house, post
office, and court-rooms at Nashville, Tennessee, $90,000,
together with ten per cent, thereon, to cover the contingent
expenses for Architecture, superintendence, advertising,
&e., and so much as jnay be required to purchase a. site
for a building—
when he was interrupted by
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, who said: I think
we have heard enough of that amendment to en-
able the committee to see that it is not in order.
There is no law authorizing such a work.
Mr. HARRIS. It is an amendment which
contains the proposition offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky, word for word, and is similar
in its character.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is an omnibus bill,
embracing ten or fifteen propositions not author-
ized by law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would ask the
gentleman from Illinois if there are custom-houses
already where it is proposed to build custom-
houses in this amendment?
Mr. HARRIS. I am not able to inform the
Chair precisely in relation to that interrogatory.
I merely remark, as far as I am able to do so,
that it contains the identical proposition of the
o-entleman from Kentucky, (which I understood
File Chair to rule in order,) and nothing else but
propositions which have been recommended by
heads of Departments, or by committees of this
House, or both, from the beginning to the end of
it. It contains nothing, in my opinion, which
is not perfectly proper, and for the welfare of the
Government.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to know what
question the Chair put to the gentleman from
Illinois?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
position of the matter. The gentleman from
Illinois offered an amendment providing for build-
ing custom-houses, post offices,and court-houses.
The gentleman from Ohio rose to a question, of
order, stating that there was no existing'law
