1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5.
Qertificate or warrant, whether genuine or false; or
,% to psiss, utter, publish, barter, or sell as true, any
' such false, forged, or counterfeited paper; or to
falsely enter any bounty-land warrant or- assign-
ment, witfi the intention of defrauding.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ACCOUNTS WITH LAND STATES.
Mr. BROWN. The Committee on Public
Lands, on Thursday last, reported back the bill
introduced by me, (S. No. 4,) to settle certain
•accounts between the United States and the State
of Mississippi. The principle on which it is
based has already been settled by the action of
Congress. It applies to my State, and the amend-
ment of the committee embraces like interests in
other States. I ask the indulgence of the Senate
to take it up and pass it now, so that it may have
a fair opportunity of getting through the House
of Representatives at the present session of Con-
gress. If it embraced any new principle I should
not ask to have it taken up now.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill which proposes to direct the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to state
an account between the United States and the
State of Mississippi, for the purpose of ascer-
taining what sum or sums of money are due to
that State, heretofore unsettled, on account of
public lands, and upon the same principles of al-
lowance and settlement as are prescribed in the
" Act to settle certain accounts between the Uni-
ted States and the State of Alabama," approved
March 2, 1855. He is to include in the account
the several reservations under the various treaties
with the Chickasaw and Choctaw Indians within
the limits of Mississippi, and allow to the State
five per centum thereon, as in case of other sales,
estimating the lands at the value of $ 1 25 per
acre.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
following amendment:
•And he it further made J, That the said Commissioner
shall also state an account between the United States and
each of the other States, upon the same principles, and
shall allow and pay to each State such amount as shall
thup he found due, estimating all lands and permanent res-
ervations at $1 25 per acre.
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended; and the
amendment was concurred in. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the title was
amended so as to read, " A bill to settle certain
accounts between the United States and the State
of Mississippi and other States."
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following1 House bills and joint resolution
were severally read a first and second time, and
referred to the standing committees as indicated
below:
A bill (H. R. No. 913) to construe the act
entitled " An act for the relief of James M. Gog-
gin," approved 27th July, 1854; to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
A bill (H. R. No. 217) for the relief of the
heirs of Colonel Charles Simms, late collector of
the port of Alexandria; to the Committee on
Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 71) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian-department, and for fulfilling' treaty stipu-
lations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 1857; to the Committee on
Finance.
A bill (H. R. No. 130) to grant to L. Jane
Horner and children a section of land jn Oregon;
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 223) for the relief of John
Crawford; to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 238) granting a pension to
Ansel Wilkinson; to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 253) granting a pension to
Mrs. Nancy Weatherford; to the^Committee on
Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 26G) for the relief of Cap-
tain J. P. Hatch, of the United States Army; to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (H. K. No. 257) for the relief of Jacob
Price, or Jefferson county, Virginia; to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 290) for the relief of Emma
Bidamon; to the Committee"on Claims.
A joint resolution (J. R. No. 10) for the re-
lief of Dr. William P. A. Hail, late of the Ten-
nessee volunteers in the Mexican war; to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 268) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Captain Joseph H. Whipple,
deceased; to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 272) for the relief of the
heirs of the late Colonel John Hardin; to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
LAND FOR RAILROADS.
Mr. YULEE. As there seems to be a brief in-
terval which may be appropriated to the purpose,
I ask the Senate to take up bill (S. No. 3) to pro-
vide for the sale, by preemption, of certain portions
of the public lands to the States within which
they lie. It is a bill reported back from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I will state, in asking
the Senate to take it up, that my principal purpose
is that the bill may be read, and the amendment
proposed as a substitute by the committee adopt-
ed; and then, if it shall give rise to any debate,
I shall have no objection to its being passed over
until a subsequent day.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded , as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill'which was reported from the Committee
on Public Lands, with an amendment to strike out
all after the enacting clause, and insert the fol-
lowing:
That any State in which there are public lands shall be
allowed to enter at the proper land office seven thousand
six hundied and eighty acres to the mile of railroad, of the
lands belonging to the United States, and within twelve
miles on each side of any roads that have been authorized
and located under the authority of the Legislature of said
State; and whenever located and reported with a map
thereof to the Secretary of the Interior, by or through the
Governor of the State, accompanied by Ins request to that
effect, all the vacant unappropriated public lands within
twelve miles on each side of the route, shall be withdrawn
from sale or entry, by public advertisement of said Secretary,
to be withheld for six months, within which period the lands
shall be located: Proiided, That town and village property,
in-lots or out-lots, and all lands reserved by law for schools,
salines, or other purposes, shall not be considered as coming
within the provisions of this act; and the State in which
such land is located shall pay to the United States for
such lands as located, on or before the expiration of ten
years from the date of the order of withdrawal of the same,
at the following rates, to wit: lands winch have not been
subjecf to pnvate entry tive years, one dollat and twenty-
five cents per acre; lands which have been subject to pri-
vate entry five years,one dollar per acre; lands which have
been subject to private entry ten years, seventy-five cents
per acre ; lands which have been subject to private entry
fifteen years, and not more than twenty, fifty cents per acre;
and all others twenty-five cents per acre; counting each of
said periods from the first day of July, or beginning of the
fiscal year within wluch the lands became subject to private
entry, to Ihe first day of July, or beginning of the fiscal year
within which the lands weie withdrawn from sale or entry:
Provided^ That no State shall be entitled to the benefits of
this act for any railroad for which a separate grant orgrants
of land shall have been made by Congress forany railroad,
so farad the same was in operation more than one year
prior to the passage of this act.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted^ That the said States,
as precmptors, by such agents as may be appointed by the
Executive of said States, under the direction of the Legis-
lature thereof, may select and locate the amount of lands
so granted by this act, and may dispose of any or all of them,
subject to the conditions of this act, in such manner as
may best insure the ennstruetion of said roads and the pay-
ment to the Government of the United States for the said
lands, within the time aforesaid, the price prescribed herein :
Provided^ That no title to said lands shall vest in any State
or company until then equivalent m money shall have been
paid into the Treasury of the United States; which being
done, patents shall be issued by the proper Department, for
the hinds so paid for, to the parties designated by the Exec-
utive of said State in which the land lies: Provided further,
That whenever any State shall assign its rights or interests
undoi this act, every such right or interest shall remain as
subject to its provisions as if no such assignment had been
made.
£Sec. 3. And beit farther enacted, That if any such State
shall fail to build and complete, or cause to be built and
completed, twenty miles of any road to which this act shall
be applied, withm two years from the date of the with-
drawal from entry of said lands, or shall fail to build and com-
plete, or cause to be built and completed, one half the
whole length of said road, within five years from said date
of withdrawal, or snail not build and complete, or cause to
be built and completed, the whole line of taid road withm
ten years from such date of withdrawal, it is hereby declared
that either of such failures shall operate as a forfeiture to
the United States of ail lands which may have been select-
ed for the construction of such road, and which the United
States shall not have been paid for.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said railroads
shall be and remam public highways for the use of the
Government of the United States, free from tall or other
charge upon the transportation of property or troops of the
United States, and for the transportation of the mails under
the direction of the Post Office Department, at such com-
pensation as the Congress may by law direct.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, That all lands so
withdrawn from sale shall be and continue, notwithstand-
ing such withdrawal, subject to entry and occupancy by
actual settlers, at prices not exceeding five dollars per acre;
and every State availing itself of the provisions of this act
shall provide for carrying out this provision in good faith ;
but no omission thus to provide shall suspend the right of
any person to entei^upon and occupy such lands as afore-
said, nor shall such right of occupancy be in any respect
abridged by any State law or regulation whatever.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, the latter por-
tion of the amendment I have not had an oppor-
tunity of looking at. It occurs to me, however,
that if actual settlers are permitted to enter the
land, it ought to be at $1 25 per acre. We should
not allow railroad companies to purchase the
lands at $1 25 an acre, and at the same time re-
fuse them to the actual settler for less than five
dollars per acre. That provision seems to me to
be rather oppressive on the settlers, and obnox-
ious to serious objections.
Mr. STUART. I desire to say in the outset
that I do not suppose the Senate will dispose of
the bill this morning. The Senator from Florida
desired to call it up for the purpose of having the
amendment agreed to, with the understanding
that it might then lie over.
I will only say, in respect to the point raised
by the Senator from Mississippi, that I think he
will find, on an inspection of the substitute, that
it is unobjectionable in the view of it which he
has suggested. The object is to allow the State
or its grantees to take, by preemption, a certain
amount of land on either side of the road, within
the limit of twelve miles, at the graduated price,
and to have ten years within which to pay for it.
The provision to which the attention of the Sen-
ator has been called is for the purpose of prevent-
ing any obstruction of actual settlement. It
authorizes any actual settler to go on this land,
notwithstanding its reservation, and take it at
five dollars per acre. The surplus over and above
the Government price, as a matter of course, will
be paid to the State or its grantees, for the pur-
pose of constructing the road. It will be seen,
however, that, if a credit were given for ten years
to the company, and if, during that term of ten
years, the land were withheld from occupancy by
actual settlers, the whole settlement of a State
would be prevented.
I make this explanation now, inasmuch as
the objection has been raised. I repeat, that the
amendment may be agreed to informally, and the
consideration of the bill then postponed until the
Senate can have an ample opportunity to examine
it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This is a very import-
ant bill, and has, I imagine, escaped to a very
considerable extent the attention of the Senate—
it certainly has escaped mine until this morning.
This is not the time of the day which is calcu-
lated, according to the usage of the Senate, to call
to a measure general attention. At this time, be-
tween twelve and one o'clock, the passage of im-
portant bills is not customary.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow me to
' say, thatl stated to the Senate a moment ago,that
it was not proposed to take the question on this
bill now, but to let the amendment be agreed to
informally, and then postpone its consideration
until it can reccive the full attention of the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 hope the amendment
will not be agreed to, formally or informally; it
shall not be with my consent. We are giving
lands to the new States to make railroads. They
make them, and then they come and ask us to
give them seven thousand six hundred acres to
the mile along the line to settle. This is founded
on as little reason as any of the various attempts
of which I have heard, on the part of the new
States, to get possession of the public lands. I
can agree to this amendment in no way-—form-
ally or informally.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The hour for the special
order has arrived; and it will be taken up, unless
the Senate otherwise direct. The special order is
the resolutions of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Iverson,] for the appointment of a select com-
mittee to investigate the action of the late naval
board. The Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] has the floor.
