1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
369
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. Colhmer.
Senate.
admitting slavery if they choose—which I deny
 this was sufficient to accomplish that object.
It was the last law on the subject, and any pre-
viously existing law inconsistent with it was
thereby pro tanio repealed. This was all that
was necessary to enable the people to form a
State constitution providing as they pleased in re-
gard to slavery. The provision contained in the
organic act in regard to the repeal of the Missouri
compromise was perfectly useless for any pur-
pose whatever connected with the formation of a
State constitution, and yet it is constantly talked
about as if it was necessary to enable the people
to form their State constitution as they pleased.
It was totally useless for such a purpose. Let
me read the clause:
" That the Constitution, and all the laws of the United
States which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the
same force and effect within the said Territory of Kansas as
elsewhere within the United States, except the eighth sec-
tion of the act preparatory to the admission of Missouri into
the Union, approved March 6,1820, which, being incon-
sistent with the principle of non-intervention by Congress
with slavery in the States and Territories, as recognized by
the legislation of 1850, commonly called the compromise
measures, is hereby declared inoperative and void; it being
the true intent and meaning of this act not to legislate
slavery into any Territory or State, nor to exclude it there-
from, but to leave the people thereof perfectly free to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their own way,
subject only to the Constitution of the United States: Pro-
vided, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to
revive or put in force any law or regulation which may have
existed prior to the act of 6th March, 1820, either protect-
ing, establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing slavery."
There are a great many words here employed,
sayingalmost the same thing over and over again,
and containing in the body of the enactment the
reasons for it, which reasons are entirely inappli-
cable, and can have no force in regard to the law
one way or the other. What does it all mean ?
If it means anything, and I take it that it does, it
must mean, as I suppose it will be insisted to
mean, that while this was a Territory, anterior to
and independent of the formation of a State con-
stitution, the people should, in the mean time,
have the power to adopt or reject slavery as they
pleased. This is the fair meaning and import of
the provision. If it does not mean this there is
some duplicity involved in it, calculated, perhaps
intended, to mislead. Certain I am, sir, that the
very honorable and distinguished Senator from
'Michigan [Mr. Cass] has held that slavery can-
not go into a Territory without a local law being
passed to authorize its existence. I appeal to the
Senator if that is not so.
Mr. CASS. I believe it. It is my opinion at
this day.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman says
that, I will undertake to prove to him, from some
laws which exist in Kansas, that if a man dared
repeat that sentiment in that country he might
be condemned to hard labor as a felon.
Mr. CASS. It is a question which the Supreme
Court can decide.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know how it will
be decided. The Senator now says that he un-
derstands it as I read it, and he agrees that slavery
cannot exist there until a law shall be passed by
the Legislature to introduce it. Well, sir, a law
has been passed by what is claimed to be the
Legislature, that if any man shall dare to say that
people have not a right to hold slaves there in the
absence of law, he shall be liable to imprisonment
for two years and punishment at hard labor.
What, sir, is the experiment 6f the Kansas-
Nebraska act, of which I have spoken ? It is the
experiment, instead of leaving slavery prohibited
by the Missouri compromise, of leaving the ques-
tion to the people of the Territory to discuss, to
agitate, to legislate about it from time to time, and
to make elections dependent on the question of
slavery in the Territory, while remaining a Terri-
tory. I am sensible that there are men in some
parts of the United States who say that this is not
the meaning, but I cannot stop to argue the point.
This is clearly the provision, taking the fair im-
port of the language. The report of the majority
of the committee so regards it. That report
asserts that the people of the Territory cannot
exercise any powers, except those which they
derive through their organic act. Well, sir, the
organic act is the creature of Congress. The
report says that Congress can only legislate for
Territories in order to bregd them up for States,
New Series—No. 24
but not on slavery, as that is not necessary for
that purpose. Then, I should like to know how
Congress obtained power to give these people
authority to legislate on the subject of slavery.
Can Congress grant a legislative power it does
uot possess? It is not for me to answer.
Mr. President, I object to this experiment in
the first place, because it is an experiment. It is
a departure from all the lessons of our political
history. Indeed, I believe the Senator from
Michigan rather congratulated the Senate at the
time of the passage of the bill, that they had
adopted a new principle, and I presume he views
it so. I do not wish to give it a name. Some
call it squatter sovereignty, and some popular
sovereignty; but it was understood to be a new
experiment altogether. I object to it because
it is a new experiment, and I think the experi-
ence under it has h^d no tendency to convince
any candid man that the experiment is doing the
least good. It was a new course, struck out for
the first time; and what recommended it least to
me was, that Congress had heretofore legislated in
regard to slavery in all the Territories, and not
left it to the Territory. It appeared, however,
that there were quarrels in Congress in regard to
the subject. New views and old views were pre-
sented, so that Congress had some difficulty in
agreeing. What then did they do ? They re-
pealed the compromise which prohibited slavery,
and turned the whole question to what is some-
times called an inchoate state—to the Territory
—to the municipal corporation on the plains of
the Missouri. Congress repealed the law for
liberty there, of thirty years' standing, and thus
got rid of this troublesome question by turning
it over to that people. That did not commend
itself much to me.
I object to it for another reason, because I con-
sider it a breach of two compromises. I know
that the wt>rd " compromise" is now not unfre-
quently used in a bad sense; but I do not mean
to use it in any such sense. I am not aware of
any country in the world which has more need
of the possession of such a power. Sir, we have
great political problems in our hands yet to be
solved in this Government, and it may negd a
great deal of conciliation, of forbearance, and of
compromise, if you please, to dispose of them.
I shall be sorry to see the word rejected from our
political vocabulary.
Sir, I come frdm a part of the United States
where the people say, "You must understand,
in the first place, that you are to sustain this
Union at all events." They also tell me that the
success of the great political experiment of self-
government, for the great cause of humanity for
the world and for all time, is now to be solved in
this country. What is it ? Whether mankind
is competent to self-government. How can we
expect to succeed with it ? Certainly by enlight-
ening and elevating, in every condition ana in
every respect, those who are to carry out this
experiment—the voters of the land. With this
great mission in our hands, the body of our voters
must be a people better fed, better housed, better
clothed, better instructed, and elevated in their
social condition, above any other people on this
earth. We are "a peculiar people, zealous of
good works."
We must do this with our laboring community,
because that laboring community constitutes the
great mass of our voters, and the policy of the
Government must be shaped with a view to place
them in the elevated position to which I have
alluded. There is a large part, a very respectable
part, claiming to be an equal part—practically in
this Government they are a great deal more than
equal—where the laborers are not placed in this
position—slaves. The question is, how can you
shape the policy of the Government to elevate the
condition of those laborers and enlighten them,
without injuring the safety of the people among
whom they live. It is a troublesome problem.
Gentlemen may scout it as involving apparent
inconsistencies, but it is a great problem for us.
It needs the assistance of all sides in its solution.
It reminds me of the good old lady who, some-
what advanced in age, wished to have a Bible so
small that she could carry it to church in her
pocket. And yet it must have the largest kind
of print, because she could not see very well. I
do not perceive how it is possible to get the largest
kind of print into the smallest sized Bible; and it
is difficult for me to see how we are to solve the
problem which I have stated, involving the incon-
sistencies to which I have alluded, and preserve
the Union, and yet make no compromise.
Sir, I think the experiment of dissolving the
Missouri compromise and the compromise of
1850, was a very mistaken one. Can any gentle-
man suppose that the people who sustained the
action of Congress in adopting the compromise
of 1850, expected that the action of 1854 would be
claimed to result as a consequence from it ? It is
impossible. That compromise was based on the
principle that everything was to remain in statu
quo. The people said we will agree to the com-
promise of 1850, if that will settle the whole ques-
tion of slavery in regard to the Territories. In
1854, however, it Was contended that because in
the Utah and New Mexico bills of 1850, it was
provided that those Territories, when admitted
as States, should come in with or without slavery,
we were required to repeal the Missouri compro-
mise which prohibited slavery, and not only to
do that but to go further, and to invest the people
of Kansas not merely with the power of forming
a State constitution, but the power of legislating
in regard to slavery, and admitting it while they
should remain a Territory. In 1850 Mr. Clay
said: "I never will vote, and no earthly power
will ever make me vote, to spread slavery over
territory where it does not exist." Yet by your
legislation of 1854, you say, that in supporting
the compromise of 1850, Mr. Clay announced a
principle which repealed the Missouri compro-
mise by which the liberty of which he spoke
existed in the Territories. I need not dwell longer
on this point.
The repeal of the Missouri compromise cer-
tainly was not necessary to secure freedom. If
preserved, Kansas would have been settled with-
out slaves, and such a people never have and
never would form a State constitution allowing
slavery. It was for this reason the slaveholders
desired its repeal; and this repeal and granting
power to admit slavery by the Territory while
it remained such, is our matter of complaint.
When this experiment was put on foot what
must have been expected as likely to happen
under it? It invited all people to go and settle in
the Territory, and to fix, by the power of num-
bers, the question of slavery. Such exertions
were invited by the law. I shall not review the
lengthy comments of the report of the majority
upon the operations of the emigrant aid society.
I consider that the scolding about the emigrant
aid society, is for the purpose of diverting public
attention from the violence and the usurpation
which have taken place in Kansas, by Missouri
invasion. I say that when this law was passed,
and the experiment was set on foot, every man
who desired to go to Kansas for the purpose of
making it a free State, had not only the right, but
it wasliis duty to go there, if his circumstances
would permit—if nis conscience convinced him
that free institutions were best for that Territory.
So with a man in the slaveholding States: if he
desired to make Kansas a slave State, it was his
privilege and his duty, his moral duty, if yo«
please, to go there for that purpose. Can it be
said that when a man has a legal right to do a
thing, and a moral right to do it, and desires to
do it, it is morally wrong for any one to help him
to doit? It is a paradox. Every man had an un-
doubted right to go there and endeavor to take
part in the action of the people in settling this
question. I have before me extracts from news-
papers in South Carolina, Mississippi, and else-
where, showing that efforts are making in the
southern States, and have been attempted in some
of their Legislatures, to induce people to go there,
and going much further than the emigrant aid
society. What did that society do ? It never
furnished any people with arms or rifles. The
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Butler] I
know intimated, if he did not directly assert, tnat
they did. I spoke to him afterwards on the sub-
ject. I told him itiwas not true that the society
ever sent any arms to Kansas. He said that
people told him so, and I suppose he heard it
from sources in jwhich he placed confidence.
Probably he understands the matter better now.
