THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 7, 1856.
New Series. .. .No. 70.
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Delaware has
been good enough to allow me to say a word.
On Friday last, the Senate seemed to yield to my
wish to address them on Thursday next. 1 ob-
serve, however, that afterwards the Kansas bill
was postponed to Monday next. Under these
circumstances, not wishing to interfere with the
arrangements of the week, with the permission
of the Senate Iwilt postpone what 1 have to say
on that subject until the bill shall come up regu-
larly on next Monday. 1 shall take that course
if there be no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator that it was understood that he should proceed
on Thursday, by unanimous consent, if he was
desirous to do so.
Mr. CASS. But I observed that the business
seemed to be marked out for the week. I know
the kind feelings of the Senate; but, under the
circumstances, it would be better that the regular
business should go on for this week, and when
the bill comes up in the regular course on next
Monday, I shall make the remarks which I pro-
pose to submit.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that they
insisted on their amendments? to the Senate amend-
ments to the House bill to amend an act " in
addition to certain acts granting bounty land to
certain officers and soldiers who have been en-
gagedin the military service of the United States,"
approved March 3,1855;agreed to the conference
asked fur by the Senate, and appointed Mr.
J one & f of Tennessee, and Mr. Brenton, of In-
diana, and Mr. King, of New York, managers
at the conference on their part.
Also, that the House had passed the bill (S.
No. 1) making an appropriation for deepening
the channel over the St. Clair flats, in the State
of Michigan.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. Iverson on the 29th
of February, for the appointment of a select com-
mittee to investigate the action of the late naval
board.
Mr. BAYARD spoke at length upon the nature
of the law of 1855, and the action of the board
under it. Without concluding, he yielded to
Senators who wished an executive session.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Webster,
his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
weie reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, -May 5,1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE.
The Speaker appointed Messrs. Pringle, Mc-
mulhn,and Stanton, the new committee of con-
ference to confer with a similar committee of the
Senate on the House's non-concurrence with the
Senate's amendments to the deficiency bill.
The Speaker stated the business first in order
to be the consideration of House bill (No. 92)
for the better security of lives of passengers, &c.
ST. CLAIR FLATS.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, there were a
couple of bills which passed Congress at the last
session, but which, in consequence of the hurry
of business at the close of the session, failed
to receive the executive approbation. I wish
the united consent of the House to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the further con-
70
sideration of these bills, so that the House may j
take them up and consider thorn now.
The bill in reference to which I first make the
motion is Senate bill (No. 1) entitled "An act
making an appropriation for deepening the chan-
nel over the St. Clair flats, in the State of Mich-
igan."
Mr. BRANCH. I object.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to suspend the rules
for that purpose. I beg the Chair to understand
that the motion which I make is to suspend all
the rules that stand in the way of the considera-
tion of this bill. I want first'to have the Com-
mittee of the Whole discharged from the further
consideration of the bill which 1 have mentioned;
and I want to have all the rules suspended so as
to enable me to do that, and to have the bill con-
sidered in the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
can make only one motion at a time; but I would
ask the Chair if there is not pending a question
which comes over from last Monday?
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated the ques-
tion to be House bill No. 92; but it is in order
for the gentleman from New York to move at this
time to suspend the rules, even though there be a
question pending.
Mr. JONES. I would ask, then, what will
become of the question pending?
The SPEAKER. It will be still before the
House if the House shall negative the motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES. But suppose the House do not
negative that motion, will it leave the bill before
the House?
The SPEAKER. It leaves the bill before the
House, and its consideration will be in order as
soon as the business under consideration by the
suspension of the rules shall have been disposed
of.
Mr. JONES. Yes; but when the gentleman
from New York gets his bill before the House,
some other gentleman getting the iloor may move
to take up some other bill.
Mr. HAVEN. No, sir.
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; it is the same principle.
The SPEAKER. The rules of the House give
members the right to make a motion to suspend
the rules.
Mr. JONES. Then the bill regularly before
the House to-day may never come up again.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 want to say to the House,
that this bill was passed last year, and in the
hurry of adjournment it failed to receive the
signature of the President.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know what the bill No. 92 is?
The SPEAKER. It is a bill to amend the
act to provide for the better security of lives of
passengers, &c.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I want to know from
the Chair, whether the motion of the gentleman
from New York takes precedence of the consider-
ation of that bill ?
The SPEAKER. If the House suspend the
rules it undoubtedly does.
Mr. WASHBURNE. And if the bill should
not be reached, to-day, will it not be regularly in
order to-morrow morning—the first business?
Mr. JONES. No, sir; it will not.
The SPEAKER. It is postponed to this day,
and must be considered to-day, or else it loses its
precedence.
Mr. JONES. I think,with all due deference to
the opinion of the Chair, that that is the bill be-
fore the House, and that the House must dispose
of it some way or other, either by a further post-
ponement, or by a final disposition of it.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen have undoubt-
edly a right to move to suspend the rules. It is
not, however, a debatable question.
Mr. JONES. I admit that the rules give gen-
tlemen the right to move to suspend the rules on
this day, where there is no pending motion before
the House, but not where there is a pending ques-
tion; because, if the rules are suspended, and the
gentleman gets his bill before the House, some
other gentleman may move to suspend the rules
again, and bring on another bill, and we will get
into interminable difficulties.
Mr. SEWARD. Is this question debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SEWARD. I object, then, to any further
debate.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Haven] to explain'the charac-
ter of this bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call, then, for the regu-
lar order of business, which I understand to be
the bill of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne.]
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion of the gentleman from New
York to suspend the rules.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, announcing that
the Senate had passed, without amendment, a
joint resolution (H. R.) for enlarging the custom-
house, post office, and court-house at Cleveland,
Ohio.
That the Senate had passed resolutions of the
following titles:
A resolution for enlarging the custom-house,
post office, and court-house at Milwaukee, Wis-
consin, and at Detroit, Michigan, and for the
construction of a building for the same purposes
at Dubuque, Iowa; and
A resolution authorizing the Committee on
Public Buildings to contract for watering Penn-
sylvania avenue.
That the Senate ask a further conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses to the
bill (H. R.) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the year ending the 30th
of June, 1856, and had appointed Mr. Stuart,
Mr. Pratt, and Mr. Toombs as the said commit-
tee on their part.
Also, that the Senate had disagreed to the
amendments of the House to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R.) to amend an act
entitled "An act in addition to certain acts grant-
ing bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States," approved March 3,1855, and
insist upon their amendment to said bill, and ask
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, and have appointed Mr. Foot, Mr.
Pufiii, and Mr. Brodiiead the committee on
their part.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senate have
just returned the bounty land bill, having dis-
agreed to the amendments of the House to their
amendments to that bill, and asked for a com-
mittee of conference. I hope the House will take
up the bill at this time, insist on their amendments,
and concur in the appointment of a committee of
conference.
The SPEAKER. The motion is a privileged,
one if the gentleman makes it.
Mr. JONES. I submit the motion.
The motion wasagreed to; and Messrs. Jones,
of Tennessee, Brenton, and King were ap-
pointed as the committee upon the part of the
House.
CHICAGO AND MILWAUKEE CUSTOM-HOUSES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There has
a bill just come from the Senate in relation to tho
custom-houses at Chicago and Milwaukee; I de-
sire to have it taken up and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES. I object to that until we can go
to the business on the Speaker's table generally.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I hope this bill will be
taken up and referred. I appeal to the courtesy
of the gentleman from Tennessee to withdraw hia
objection.
Mr. JONES. No bill shall come from the
Speaker's table with my consent until the election
bill for the city of Washington is takes up.
