1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i&7§
Mr. PEARCE. I shall vote against this bill,
and if it is worth while I will state the reason. I
have not heard the bill; I do not know what is
in it. I think the practice of passing bills with-
out reading them is entirely reprehensible; and
I shall be compelled to vote against it for that
reason.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read if the Senator desires it.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not ask it; but I shall
vote against it for that reason.
The Secretary then proceeded to call the roll.
Before the result was announced, the following
explanations took place:
Mr. FOOT. I understand that this is the only
bill granting lands for railroad purposes to the
State of Mississippi which has been before us.
Mr. BROWN. It is.
Mr. FOOT. I have voted for other bills of this
character, and as far as my action goes I wish to
serve all alike. I vote yea.
Mr. GEYER. I declined to vote until I had
read the bill. I have read it, and am satisfied.
I vote yea.
The result was then announced—yeas 22, nays
11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam«, Allen, Bell of Tennessee. Blight,
Biovvn, Dodgp. Evan*. FYssenden, Fitzpatuek, Foot, Geyer,
iverson, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mai-
lory, Seward, Siideil, Thomson of New Jersey, Tiuinbutl,
Wcilor. and Wilson—
NAYS—Messrs. liavard, Bell of New Hampshire, Biggs,
Bigler, Brodhead, Hunter, Mason, Pearee, Pugh, Itcid, and
Wade—11.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask to be excused from
serving on the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
RELATIVE VALUE OF COINS.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance he, and they
are hoicby, instructed to inquire into and report upon the
propriety of correcting by law the present erroneous state-
ment of the idative value"? of the dollar and the pound
sterling; and further, upon the feasibility of some mutual
plan wheteby the relative value of the unitary coins afoie-
eaid can be made easily and exactly commensurable.
PETITION.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of J. B.
Williams, praying for the reimbursement to the
heirs of Joseph Biggs of the amount paid by him
for board, and medical attendance, incurred on
account of having received a wound m the revo-
lutionary war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN-
On motion of Mr. BUTLER, it was
Ordered, That Mary Peny, heir of Michael Watson,
have leave to withdraw her petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That John Brown have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers, that he may refer them to the Court oi
Claims.
EPHRAIM HUNT.
Mr. "WADE. The Committee on Claims, to
whom was referred the application of Ephraim
Hunt for bounty land, have directed me to report
a bill for his relief.
The bill was read the first time.
Mr. WADE. I ask that the bill may be con-
sidered now. It is the case of an old soldier who
had great difficulty in obtaining his discharge, and
it was supposed he had got it surreptitiously, but
now the whole matter is explained.
There being 110 objection, the bill (S. No. 437)
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the "Whole. Its object is to direct the
proper accounting officer to settle the claim of
Ephraim Hunt, of Maine, for bounty and pay
for service as a private in the Army of the United
States, from the 25th of September, 1813, to the
14th of September, 1815, and allow him the same
bounty and pay as he would have received if regu-
larly discharged. .
Mr. WELLER. Does the Senator from Ohio
know the probable amount which this bill gives ?
Would it not bo better to fix some limit ?
Mr. WADE. It merely gives the pay of a
soldier for that time. The accounting officers
will ascertain the amount, as in all other cases.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
THOMAS H. BAIRD.
Mr. WADE. The Committee on Claims have
directed me to make another report. This case
has been before the Court of Claims; and has re-
ceived their sanction, and that of the committee.
I hope it will pass now without delay, as I think
all cases should which have received the sanction
of the court.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 438)
for the relief of Thomas H. Eaird was read a first
and second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay Thomas H. Baird, administra-
tor of the estate of Absalom Baird, a commis-
sioned surgeon in the army of the Revolution,
§10,074 84, with interest from the 27th October,
1805, to the 1st of June, 1856, deducting there-
from the sum of {,2,400, paid under the act of
June 23, 1856.
Mr. PUGH. Is it proposed to press this bill
to a final vote now ?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me that it had better
come up in its order on private bill day; let it go
on the Calendar. Tiiis bill appropriates a large
amount of money. My friend from Mississippi
[Mr. Adams] suggests that it is decided by the
Court of Claims. 1 have great respect for the court,
but at the same time I cannot pass their bills on
mere faith. I do not like to see measures passed
in this way.
Mr. WADE. This case has been pending for
a long while. It has been before the Court of
Claims, and received a thorough adversary inves-
tigation and examination, and has received the
approbation of that tribunal. The Committee on
Claims of this body alsS recommend it.
Mr. PUGH. Out of regard to my colleague
I withdraw my objection to this hill; but I cer-
tainly object to the practice of passing bills appro-
priating such large sums in this way.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of George
Jcwett, executor of Luther Jcwett, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 439) to
authorize the settlement of the accounts of Luther
Jcwett, late collector of the district of Portland
and Falmouth, in the State of Maine; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordcied to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, moved that the committee be discharged
from the farther consideration of the petition of
Daniel Muse, the petition of Angelo Harris, the
petition of the professor of mathematics m the
Navy at Washington, and the petition of the
clerk and messenger in the office of the assistant
quartermaster of the marine corps; which was
agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the petition of
Rebecca Adams, submitted an adverse report;
which was concurred in.
Mr. P.I10WN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 214) to extend the jurisdiction
of the corporation of the city of Washington over
the lower Eastern Branch or Navy-Yard bridge,
and to regulate travel upon the upper Eastern
Branch or Benriing's bridge, and for other pur-
poses, reported it without amendment.
He also moved that the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia be discharged from the further
consideration of the bill (li- IL ^
authorize the circuit court of the District of Co-
lumbia to decree the sale of real estate in certain
cases, and that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
EMPLOYMENT OF A PAGE.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That Charles C. Ivey be continued in the ser-
vice of the Senate, under the authority ot the Sergeant-at-
Arms, until further erder of the Senate.
Mr. EYANS. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses. 1 have no idea of having the employ-
ment of these messengers and clerks authorized
in open Senate by a resolution, without inquiry.
Mr. MALLORY. I appeal to my friend from
South Carolina not to make that motion; but if
he wants to inquire into it, let the resolution lie
on the table, and in the course of the morning I
will confer with him. It refers to one of our
pages, and I am very well satisfied that the Sen-
ator will agree to the passage of the resolution
afterwards.
Mr. EVANS. I know, too, there has been
some difficulty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator insist on his motion ?
Mr. EVANS. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN LA FONTE AND OTHERS.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 354) for the relief of Benjamin La Fonte,
William Altenburg, and others, have directed me
to report it back, and I ask that it be put on its
passage at this time.
Mr. WELLER. I do not know whether that
bill will give rise to discussion; but I am willing
that private bills shall-be taken up until the hour
of one o'clock, When I shall ask the Senate to
proceed to the consideration of the Pacific rail-
road bill; and if that is the understanding of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] I shall
vote with him to take up a bill which he desires
to have disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 354') for the relief of Benjamin
La Fonte, William Altenburg, and others. It
proposes to authorize Benjamin La Fonte to enter
the north half of the northeast quarter of section
thirty-six, township twenty-nine north, range
twenty-three west; and authorizes William Al-
tenburg to enter the southeast quarter of section
thirty-six, in township twenty-seven, of range
twenty-one west; and it authorizes William Da-
vern to enter the southeast quarter of section
number sixteen, m township twenty-eight north,
of range number twenty-three west; and it author-
izes Louis Larivie to enter the northwest quarter
of the southwest quarter, and lots number one
and two of section sixteen, in township twenty-
nine north, of range twenty-two west, in the
Stillwater land district, Minnesota Territory,
upon payment of the usual minimum of $1 25
per acre; and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office is directed to issue patents on their
entries. It also authorizes the superintendent of
public schools in the Territory of Minnesota to
select, in equal amounts, other lands in that Ter-
ritory for the use of public schools in lieu of the
lands granted by this bill.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Is there any report
accompanying that bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir. Does
the Senator desire it read?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Perhaps a statement
by the Senator from Massachusetts may dispense
with the necessity of reading it.
Mr. WILSON. It has been examined by the
committee and reported unanimously. The bill
had previously passed the House of Represent-
atives. . ,
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Are you familiar with
the facts ? Let us have the report.
Mr. BIGGS. I will state, for the information
of the Senator from Alabama, that these claims
have been investigated by the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims. They had been previously
examined by the Committee on Private Land
Claims of the House of Representatives, and the
bill there passed unanimously} as it did in the
committee of the Senate. I tiiink the evidence
is perfectly satisfactory.
Mr. EVANS. Are you satisfied?
Mr. BIGGS. Perfectly. I have examined them
particularly myself.
Mr. EVANS. Very well.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The report need not
be read.
The bill was reported without amendment,
ordered to a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
