1980
TjffE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
NOTICE OP A BILL.
Mr. "WILSON. I give notice of my intention I
to ask leave ro introduce a bill in relation to an j
hoi enti:i"d "An act to appropriate the proceeds j
of tiit- public lands, and grant preemption rights,"
approved September 4, 1841.
ERNEST FRIEDLER.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am directed by the
Committee on Claims to report without amend-
ment the bill .which, came from the Court of
Claims, for the relief of Ernest Friedler.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 ask that the bill may be j
put on its passage now. j
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 440) j
was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Ernest
Friedler $3!)2 90, for excess of duties paid by lum
on importations of ammonia into the port of New
York,in the years 1846, 1847, 1849, 1851, and
!S5s>.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, tend the third time, and passed. The
report in the case was ordered to be printed.
STURGES, BENNETT, AIiD COMPANY.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have another bill from
the Court of Claims which is on the same prin-
ciple precisely as the one just passed, and which
has also been agreed to by the Committee on
Claims. I ask that, it may be put on its passage.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No. 441)
for the relief of Sturges, J3<.jnnctt & Co., merchants
of the city of New Vork, was read twice by its
title, and considered as ill Committee of the !
Whole.
Its purpose is to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay $x2,0(J8 m full, for excess of du-
ties paid by them on importations of brandy and
whisky into the port of New York,m the years
1847, 1848, 1849, 1850, and 1851.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed. The
report in the case was ordered to be printed.
PAYMENT OF PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. TRUMliULL. I move to Uke up the
bill (S. No. J40) providing for the payment of
pension agents. 1 should be glad to have; it dis-
Eosed of now. I have made several elVorts to
ave it taken up.
Mr. MALLORY. There is a bill before us
(H. R. No. ^13) to ronstuu: a law of the last
session, with a very brief report, which 1 ask
may be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Illinois lias precedence.
Mr. PUGTI. I have a motion which I believe
- is a privileged one, or at least I submit it to the
Seriate. 1 have math1 a motion to reconsider the
vote on a bill in charge of the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. FisshENDUN,"] which was passed the
day before yesterday. I have told him that I do
not desire to delay the bill, but would call up the
motion as soon ns I could. 1 have not hitherto
done so this morning, because the Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Ci.ay,] who felt some interest in
the matter, hnd not eome into the Senate; but if
it is now in older, 1 make the motion to take up
the question, as he is here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not a
privileged question, and does not take precedenec
of the motion of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. PUGII. I make the motion in order to
discharge myself of my obligation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Illinois to
take up Senate bill No. 146.
Mr. GEYER. This is a public bill. Friday,
I understand, is set apart exclusively for private
bills by a special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. After one
o'clock. The order made by the Senate applies
only to the time after one o'clock on Friday. At
that hour private bills are to be taken up. The
question is on the motion of the Senator from
Illinois, to proceed to the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 14G) making provision tocompensate
agents for paying pensions, and prescribing the
mannor and ume of settling their accounts.
Mr, FITZPATRICK. That is a bill which
is important in its bearing. It is one on which I
have not bestowed a great deal of reflection; but
from the facts elicited in the discussion of it on
a previous day, I am disinclined to sustain it.
It proposes to increase the compensation of these
agents considerably over what has been allowed
them heretofore. Now, so far as my section of
country is concerned, I can say that, when a va-
cancy occurs in such an office, I am annoyed
very much with the applications of persons to
perform the functions without increased compen-
sation. I will not undertake to speak for other
sections of the Union. This is a bill wHlch is
intended to have a permanent effect on the Treas-
ury, and one which I think demands, and ought
to receive, the deliberate consideration of this
body.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state to my friend from
Alabama, that the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] who has examined the subject, is not
here this morning; and the same can be said of
the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.]
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I was about to state
that the two Senators who seem to understand
this question, and manifest more interest in it
than any other gentlemen on the floor, are absent
—one on account, I presume, of the long sitting
yesterday, and the other I know to be absent
from the city. I dislike very much to interfere
with the wishes of the Senator from Illinois, but
I am impressed decidedly with the conviction that
this question is one of serious bearing on the
public interest. 1 think we should investigate it,
and thoroughly understand it, before we ingraft
on the statute-book the vast amount of increased
compensation which is proposed to be paid to
these agents by this bill.
Other Senators know what is the feeling in
their own sections of tho*country. I know thatin
my section there has been no difficulty in pro-
curing persons to discharge the duties of these
agents. The only difHcuky which I have en-
countered is, that when there is a vacancy the
applicants are very numerous. I would suggest
to the Senator from Illinois the propriety of
waiting until the Senator from Michigan and tlie
Senator from Georgia are m the* Senate. I know
that they take a lively interest in this matter
from the manner in which they treated the sub-
ject on a previous occasion; and I do not think it
would be proper to dispose of it in the absence
of those gentlemen: hence I trust he will not
insist on his motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will say to the Senator
from Alabama, (hat so far as the increase of the
compensation of pension agents is concerned I
care nothing about it. 1 am willing, so far as
depends on me, that the bill may be amended by
striking out that provision. The bill has its
origin in an attempt to do justice to those persons
who wen* pension agents, and. at the special re-
quest of the Government, paid out its money for
years, and never got a eent for it. The provision
making it general and futun: has been added at
the suggestion of the Department. I am sure
that the Senator from Alabama will not lefuse to
allow compensation to agents in the States where
theie were no banks, who did the duties, who
paid out thousands of dollars, kept their own
books, paid for them, and did all this under the
assurance of the Department that they would be
paid.
That is the portion of the bill about which I
am anxious. If we are to wait for Senators to
return, (and t know not when they wili be here,)
it will be equivalent to a defeat of the bill. It is
certainly not the fault of the friends of the bill
that they are not here; but if the Senator from
Virginia and the Senator from Alabama, who
now object to taking up this bill, will name a
time when it shall be taken up and disposed of,
I am willing to consent to it. 1 have tried repeat-
edly to get up the bill. I know that one of the
Senators from Michigan [Mr. Cass] is anxious
to have this bill taken up and passed. I hope the
Senate will dispose of it.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. If the object be sim-
ply to relieve the gentleman alluded to by the
Senator from Illinois, I think the proper course
would be to introduce a special bill for his relief;
but it does not comport with my#views of propriety
to urge the Senate to dispose of a general bill of
so important a nature, in this manner towards
the close of the session, at a time when a num-
ber of Senators are worn out, and their physical
energies exhausted by the long sitting of yester-
day. I suggest to the Senator from Illinois, that
he had better indicate a day during the next week,
when those who manifest an interest in this bill
may be present when it may be taken up. If
the fact be, that services have been performed at
the solicitation of the Department, and they can
make a clear showing 
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator from
Alabama will allow me to make a suggestion. I *
had the honor to report this bill to the Senate;
and on various occasions, when I desired to call
it up, it has been postponed on account of the
absence of one or the other of the Senators.
The most decided opponents of the bill are now
absent. I will propose a compromise, and that
is, that it be taken up and made the special order
for next Tuesday, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I have a bill which has
been made the special order for Tuesday.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, make it Wednesday.
Mr. HUNTER. Say Wednesday.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Very well.
The bill (S. No. 146) was taken up and post-
poned, and made the special order for Wednes-
day next, at twelve o'clock.
RICHARD W. THOMPSON.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the Senate will now
indulge me by taking up the report of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs in the case of Richard
W. Thompson. I think we can dispose of it
during the morning hour. I hope there will be
no objection to my motion to take it up.
Mr. PUGH. 1 hope the Senate will not pro-
ceed with the vote on thatquestion. There are a
number of Senators, who I know fee) an interest
in it, who are absent, and I assure my friend from
Indiana that it will not be possible for him to get
a vote by one o'clock.
Mr. BRIGHT. I cannot help that. I intend
to insist on a vote upon it to-day, so as to get rid
of the subject. It has been up three times. I
have not a word to say upon it. The Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who has made the
report, and examined the case thoroughly, is
absent. Ifhe were here I have no doubthe would
be inclined to speak; but those who are in favor
of the claim are not inclined to discuss it. If the
Senator from Ohio wishes to speak on it, of course
he has a right to do so; but the friends of the
measure do not propose to waste time in discus-
sion.
Mr. PUGH. The Senate lias heard no one
but those in favor of the claim, except the few
remarks of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart.] First we heard the Senator from In-
diana himself, then the Senator from Georgia,
the Senator from Mississippi, and the Senator
who now occupies the chair, [Mr. Weller.] If
the case must proceed I shall certainly address
the Senate on the subject; but at the same time i
advise them that I shall not probably conclude
my remarks by ong o'clock. Will the Senator
gam anything by insisting on his proposition
now?
Mr. BRIGHT. At one o'clock, if the Senator
be still on the floor, as this is private bill day, I
shall insist on disposing of this claim to the ex-
clusion of other business.
Mr. PUGH. It is not a private bill in any
shape. It seems to me proper to have afullSeii-
ate to decide the case. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the question until twelve
o'clock on Monday.
Mr. BROWN. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. Is the motion with the un-
derstanding that the discussion is to proceed on
Monday, so as to interfere with the appropriation
bills ?
Mr. PUGH. No; I make no understanding
about it.
Mr. BROWN. The effect of these postpone-
ments, we know, will be to defeat the measure
entirely. If gentlemen think they have the power
to defeat it, let them come up to it at once, and
let us have a direct vote. This attempt to stave
off a private matter of this sort by little postpone-
ments, is hardly treating the parties fairly. The
matter has been here two years and more. The
