370
Appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 3,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. Cotlamer.
Senate.
I say there never was a Sharpe's rifle in the Ter-
ritory until months after the election for the Legis-
BUTLER. I know the honorable Senator
would not wish anything to go into the debates
■which would be a perversion of history.
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly not.
Mr. BUTLER. I cannot undertake to par-
ticularize the time when Sharpe's rifles were sent
to Kansas; but, it has been my opinion, that there
were what lawyers call" latent ambiguities'' long
before there was an open development of them.
I saw a statement in a newspaper—I do not know
how truly—that a box marked " carpenters
tools" was sent out, and upon being opened in
St. Louis it was found to be filled with Sharpe's
rifles. .
Mr. COLLAMER. But that was since the
time of which I have been speaking, and the emi-
grant aid society had nothing to do with it. I
confine myself to the action of that society, as
stated in the majority report. That reportstates
exactly what the society did. All that they did,
they did openly and publicly. The majority re-
port says they advised people by their regula-
tions, that those who wished to go to Kansas,
and to sc'tle there, would be aided by tho society,
because by going in large numbers they could
obtain tickets much cheaper. They also pro-
posed to buy lands, and build school-houses and
mills, and boarding-houses, for the accommoda-
tion of the new settlements. The report does
not state anything more, and they did nothing
more. Was there anything unlawful in this?
I know they were induced to do it with the view
that settlers, when there, should vote for a free
State; butl donotknowthatthey were catechised
about it. I have before me a document headed
" articles of agreement between Jesse De Bruhl,
of Columbia, South Carolina, of the one part,
and the undersigned persons, desirous to emi-
grate, under his care and direction, to the Terri-
tory of Kansas, of the other part," in which it is
provided s
" And the undersigned persons, desiring to emigrate in
company with the said Jesae De Bruhl, and under his care,
agree to place themselves under his command as their leader
and captain, and strictly to obey him as such; and to remain
under his direction and command for twelve months from
the day of leaving Columbia, if, from the fund above-men-
tioned, he should be. able to provide for their subsistence
so long, or otherwise for such length of time as he may be
able to provide for .their subsistence. And they agree, and
solemnly bind themselves, under his command, to remain
in such part of the Territory of Kansas as he may designate,
and never to absent themselves to a greater distance from
liim than will allow them to be summoned by him, and to
assemble in a body within twenty-four hours after he may
issue his summons."
Mr. EVANS. Who is the commander alluded
to?
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. De Bruhl.
Mr. EVANS. Nobody ever joined him at all.
Mr. COLLAMER. There was an advertise-
ment inviting people to join him. I do not know
whether they nave done it or not. I find in the
Charleston (South Carolina) News of the 27th
March, this paragraph:
" The Kansas Association of Charleston forwarded its
second corps of emigrants by railroad this morning, at seven
o'clock. It is composed of a fine body of spirited and active
young men, numbering twenty-eight, who go with a firm
purpose to advance by industiy their private fortunes, and
to maintain by their manliness as citizens, law and order,
and southern rights, in Kansas. They proceed under the
business charge of Mr. F. 6. Palmer, a practical civil engi-
neer. They embrace a number of mechanics and artisans.
Not a doubt can be entertained that they will well represent
South Carolina. Their equipment has cost the association
a considerable amount, a portion of which has yet to be met
by voluntary contributions."
- Mr. EVANS. That had nothing to do with
De Bruhl's proposal.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am aware of that; I was
reading from another publication.
Mr. BUTLER. Let us be right as we go on.
I am sure the Senator from Vermont is disposed
to be right.
Mr. COLLAMER, Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. De Bruhl did make an
Advertisement of the kind to which* the- Senator
lliudes, but advertisement is not equal to perform-
ance. The y oung gentlemen who hare gone from
South Carolina did not, as my colleague has well
suggested, go under De Bruhl's advertisement,
but on their own hook. They went, not with a
uniform weapon, Sharpe's rifles, but each em
taking his own implements. Some of the wealthi-
est families are going there to buy land.
Mr. COLLAMER. And they will turn free-
State men When they get there.
! Mr. BUTLER. 1 will make this prediction,
1 that, if one of these gentlemen settles there with
twenty Free-Soilers around him, in five years they
will be exactly the opposite way.
Mr. COLLAMER. You do not mean that
there is any dishonesty in their views ?
! Mr. BUTLER. No, sir; but they would in-
! viteyou to their houses, and you would be on the
' best terms in the world.
| Mr. COLLAMER. No doubtof it, on as good
terms as we are here with each other. I read from
i Mr. De Bruhl's advertisement which the gentle-
men say Was never carried into effect; but I also
read from the Charleston News, that " The Kan-
sas association of Charleston forwarded its second
i corps of emigrants," &c. That shows that there
i is an association existing there. It shows that
they have sent one battalion after another as they
can get them ready. Who has any objection to
it? I do not mention it as being in the least de-
! gree reprehensible, or as calling for any cehsure
in the world. No doubt these emigrants who go
there go for the purpose of settling, and are high-
minded men. I did not cite the fact with the view
of censuring anybody, but merely to show that,
in the South as well as in the North, persons were
assisted to go to Kansas—for what purpose? To
advance the one side or the other of this great
question. It is something that commends itself
to the acceptance of everybody in the United
States. They have: done it and they will do it.
Lectures about the impropriety of helping a man
to do that which he has a moral right to do, are
entirely misplaced, and will never amount to
anything.
Again: The operations of the emigrant aid
society have nothing whatever to do with the
question before Congress. That question is,
whether the settlers and inhabitants have been
injured and abused in such a manner as to call for
redress at our hands. If so, it is our duty, as we
have the power, to correct it. Suppose it should
turn out that some of the inhabitants have been
aided there by a society, even, as some think,
improperly, are they not settlers there? Does
the fact of their having been ai8ed to go there by
somebody whose purposes you do not like-, just-
ify violence upon them bypeople from Missouri?
Not at all. The President of the United States
says, expressly, that, though he censures the acts
of the emigrant aid society, they formed no justi-
fications for the proceedings taken against them.
Then why talk about it? The subject of discus-
sion is the proceedings of the people of Missouri
in relation to Kansas, and to that I now propose
to addregs myself.
It is insisted by the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories, in his speech,that in point
of fact, the invasion which was made in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas at the period of the election in
March, 1855, was confined to seven representa-
tive districts, entitled to nine members of the
Legislative Assembly. Because I stated in my
minority report, as I say now, that I think the
invasion extended to all, or very nearly all of the
Territory, he called on me for some sort of proof
of the assertion. Sir, I never had any power to
send for persons and papers, nor had the commit-
tee. Gentlemen who make reports, must make
them on the best information "which they have.
There are many things stated in the majority re-
1 port as matters of fact, of which I have never seen
any evidence, but suppose they were so stated
! because the majority of the committee, from the
information which they had, deemed them to be
facts. On my information, I have made the
statements contained in the minority report.
The Senator from Illinois admits, that there
was an invasion in seven districts. It seems to
me that that concession is an end to the question.
•The Legislative Assembly was only entitled to
twenty-six members in all. Is it possible that any
gentleman is prepared to say that a Legislature
may t?dmit men without any title, who have been
elected by force and violence, t6 the extent of
more than one third of the whole number, pro-
vided a majoi^ty were legally elected ? Mr. Pres-
ident, one third of a legislative body is a con-
trolling power in any Legislature. There was
an armed invasion of the Territory of Kansas
on the 30th of March last; and it is admitted
that the invaders, in seven districts, chose nine
of the representatives by force and fraud. That
being an acknowledged fact, and the Legislature
having admitted those nine men—more than one
third of the whole number—we are told it did not
vitiate the whole proceeding! As I have said,
the admission of such a number as that into this,
or any other legislative body, is a controlling
power. By their action in regard to this number,
they got the power to override the veto of
the Governor. The law organizing the Territory
reserved to the Governor a veto power for the
security of the people; and, by admitting this
number of men who, it is, in substance, acknowl-
edged, were illegally elected, they entirely de-
prived him of all power.
It seems to me that the very granting of this
fact is an end of the question. It is to be remem-
bered that all the members elected by the invaders,
even in the seven districts, were granted their
seats, and this the Senator in no way censures.
Now, who ever before heard of a burglar being
defended on the ground that he did not take as
many goods as is charged against him; and that,
as he did not, he shall and ought to retain as his
own the amount he did take. I do not mean
to be understood, however, as in any measure
taking back my statement that the invasion
extended to the whole Territory. The Senator
from Illinois has asked me to produce proof; and
I am perfectly willing on this, as on all other
occasions, to render a reason " for the faith that
is in me,"and to tell why I entertain and express
this view. The proof of the extent of the violence,
of course, rests m the proof of the violence itself.
The proof of the extent of the violence consists
in proving its existence. You cannot prove its
extent independently of proving its existence.
We cannot separate the two. There are proofs
of violence; and those proofs show not merely
that it existed, but that it extended through the
whole Territory. I desire to call attention to
some things, which make me think that it ex-
tended beyond the seven districts.
In the first place the invasion is a matter of
history, which no man ean rise here in hi* place
and dispute. The Senator from Illinois does not
dispute it. In the next place we must consider
the object of the invasion. It was perfectly under-
stood that men went into Kansas from Missouri
j in great numbers, into different parts of the Ter-
j ritory—for what purpose ? Undoubtedly for the
I purpose of voting. They succeeded by force in
[ voting, and then returned home.
! I am not in the habit of thinking that bodies
of men, holding respectable positions in society,
ever assemble together in this country, in con-
siderable numbers, for any great purpose, and
publish falsehoods to the world. Let us see
what was said on the ground in relation to this
matter. If gentlemen will turn to the proceed-
ings of the people of Kansas, whenever they did
assemble, it will be found that they declared in all
their public meetings what they considered to be
the extent of the invasion. There was a meeting
at Topeka, in September, held in-pursuance of a
; call made by a meeting which took place at Law-
■ rence in August. At the Topeka meeting it was
■ declared :
" Whereas, the Constitution of the United States guaran-
ties to the people of this Kepublic the right of assembling
' together in a peaceful manner for the common-good, to
' establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for
the common defense, promote the general welfttre, and
secure the blessings of liberty to themselves and their pos-
terity and whereas, the citizens of Kansas Territory were
prevented from electing members of a Legislative Assembly,
in pursuance of the proclamation of Governor Reeder, on
i the 30th of March last, by invading forces from foreign
[ States coming into the Territory, and forcing upon the
people a Legislature of non-residents and others, inimical
to the interests of the people of Kansas Territory," &c.
The same thing was asserted in all their other
meetings, and published to the world. Of what
were these people complaining? They complained
that persons from Missouri came over into their
Territory, and elected, not a part of the Legis-
lature, leaving the settlers to elect a majority—
but that the whole Legislature, the entije body,
was created by the invaders. I do not believe
