1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. Collamer.
Senate.
that this people, as a body, would publish to die
world that which was a lie, and which they knew
was a falsehood. Remember that their statement
was made in the presence of the community
where the transaction took place.
Again, the majority of the committee, in their
report, say that they have not been able to obtain
definite and satisfactory information in regard to
it; " but from the most reliable sources of inform-
ation accessible to your committee, including
various papers, documents, and statements fur-
nished us by Messrs. Whitfield and Reeder,
claimants of the Delegate's seat in Congress for
Kansas Territory, it would seem that the facts
fire substantially as follows." It must naturally
be inferred from this, that the committee relied
. upon the statements of Mr. Reeder and Mr. Whit-
field. Mr. Reeder's statements were made not
merely to me and to the committee personally,
but they have been reduced to writing and pre-
sented to the Committee of Elections in the
House of Representatives. They are in print.
In his printed statement he states particularly
where the violence extended; he specifies the dis-
tricts covering many more than the seven where
the elections were contested. He expressly offers
to prove everything that he alleges. If his state-
ments are reliable—and it must be remembered
that he obtained his information on the ground—
they clearly show that the invasion extended to
a large part of the Territory beyond the seven
districts.
In the next place, why eKd people from Mis-
souri go over into Kansas on that occasion?
Does not the fact of their having gone there to
interfere with .the election show that they under-
stood that, if the people of Kansas were let alone,
they would choose a free-State Legislature ? Cer-
tainly. If they did not think so, there was no
occasion for their going over. Then they went
there, and conducted that invasion for the purpose
of making a Legislature that would be in favor
of a shareholding State. Why should they go
there to elect a minority of the Legislature?
What good would it do them to elect men in seven
districts? Was that the business on whioli they
went? Was that their errand? Clearly not. .That
surely was not the purpose with which tliey went.
How, then, can any man say that these people
stopped short of their purpose ? Sir, tbQ inhab-
itants then, in the Territory had no power to stop
them. Whether they were sent by emigrant aid
societies or not,.they were utterly defenseless.
There, was nothing to prevent the invaders from
doing as they pleased. , I say, they went for the
purpose of forming ft Legislature to suit them,
and we have no reason to doubt that they accom-
plished their purpose. This would be the natural
inference; but 1-think there is direct proof of it.
In a Missouri paper, printed directly on the bor-
der—"The Squatter Sovereign"—of the 1st of
April, 1855, a few days after the election, there
was this statement: ...
" ffDKFBMPKKp^ X*ret .31, 1855.,
. "Several hundred emi^rantsfrofnKapjas have just en-
tered our city. They were preceded by {Be Westport and
Independence brass bands. They came In at tfae west side
of tlx poblic.aqnare, and proceeded Ootitely Hound it, the
tends cheering us witb.Bnemusic, and the enMpants witft
.good news, fuunediately. following the bands were about
two hundred horsemen in regular order; following these
were one hundred and fifty wagons, carriages, &c. They
gave repeated cheersforKansasanrt Missouri. They report
.that not an anti-slavery man will be in the Legislature of
Kansas. We have made a clean sweep."
These men went to Kansas for the purpose of
fnaking a slave-State Legislature. Nothing inter-
fered with them to prevent their doing it. They
did all that they wished to do. They came home
declaring that they had made a " clealn sweep."
iVow what right has any man to say thai) their
action was confined to seven districts ?
By the organic law of this Territory it was pro-
Tided that the Secretary of the Territory should
'keep a record of all the executive proceedings, of
the action and correspondence of the Governor,
and should report it to the President once in six
months—in January and. July of each year.
When the Committee on Territories undertook
the investigation of this subject, application was
made to the President for those papers. They
had not then all been received ^ but such as had
arrived were sent to the committee. Since that
time others have been received which have been
communicated by the President to the House of
Representatives, and they are printed in the book
before me. This is not a book got up for the
occasion. It consists of minutes, records, made
by the secretary of the Territory upon the spot,
from time to time, of the Governor's action.
Amongst these records is the Governor's proc-
lamation, ordering the election of March 30,
1855. He proceeded in the firstplace to have a
census of the Territory taken. There being no
existing political divisions, it was his duty to
divide the Territory into districts. He appointed
persons to take the census which was returned
to him in February. That census contained
the returns of the number of inhabitants and of
voters. The census was taken to enable him td
district the Territory and make a distribution of
members of the Legislature. The Legislative
Assembly was by law to consist of twenty-six
members, and the Council of thirteen members.
On receiving the census returns, he proceeded to
divide the Territory into council ana representa-
tive districts, distributing representatives among
them according to their numbers. He issued a
proclamation setting- forth the districts,describing
the apportionment of the representatives, appoint-
ing judges to superintend the election, naming
them. He provided in his proclamation that, if
these judges neglected or refused to attend, the
voters could appoint others. He provided the
Oath that they should take. It provided, among
other things, that, if they did not know that a man
who offered to vote was a resident of the Territory,
they should ascertain that fact by his own oath,
lie prescribed the form of the returns; arid fur-
ther provided, that if any election was contested
it must be done hy filing a protest with the Gov-
ernor within five days after the election.
I believe Lhave now stated the outline of the Gov-
ernor 's proclamation. W e have before us, in the
book to which I have alluded, the election returns
which were made. We have his judgment upon
those returns in each case. The Senator from
Illinois seemed to suppose that those returns were
made by the men appointed by the Governor to
hold the election, and he deduced an argument
from that fact. The fact is not so. In a large
number of the districts—not merely in the seven,
where there was a contest or protests—returns
were made by other men than those whom the
Governor appointed—by men whom the voters
selected; and, therefore, no argument can be
'drawn from the returns having been .made by
judges appointed by the Governor, It will not be
expected that in all the districts the exact con-
ditio!} pf things can be shown, because the in-
vaders came jn armed, and the inhabitants were
scattered, frightened, intimidated, thrust away,
and they did not enter a protest in season. In
consequence of this condition of things, in some
.cases beyond the seven districts where there was
a contest or protest, it is manifest that the returns
on their face showed fraud, and yet they were
not set aside.
I desire to call attention to some, of these re-
turns, and I wish it to be understood that I speak
of returns in districts never contested before the
Governor or Legislature. The first thing which
.strikes the mind on looking at them is, that when
the returns are compared with the census there
is a great disparity in' numbers, not only in the
seven districts which were contested, but in other
districts which were not contested.
The Senator from Illinois said the invasion was
confined to the districts directly on the border,
and did not extend into the interior, because the
-Missourians came back the same day. I know
that one division pf them came back on the'same
day: but not all of them. I Will take the case of
the fifth council district directly on the Missouri
line. It was entitled to two councilors and four
representatives—a large district for that region.
According to the census taken in February, it
.contained four hundred and forty-two voters.
From the returns, it appears that in that district
eight hundred and fifty-five votes were cast. In
February, the census showed four hundred and
forty-two voters there; but in March there were
eight hundred and fifty-five votes returned as
cast.
Mr. FOOT. And that was not one of the seven
districts.
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; it was not one of
the seven districts which was contested. I will
not say that there was no protest. I am informed,
and verily believe—I will state itwith all caution,
and according to the chancery form—that there
was a protest filed, but it was too late. The people
were getting up a protest and securing testimony
to support it; but the man who rode with it in
that new country to the seat of government
arrived too late. He got there at one o'clock at
night, instead of twelve o'clock—when the time
had expired and the certificate had been given.
In the seventh council district, which was en-
titled to one councilor and two representatives,
the census showed two hundred and forty-seven
voters,and four hundred and eighty-six votes wera
returned as having been cast. Tne ninth council
district had two hundred and eight voters, and
four hundred and seventeen votes were cast.
In the tenth council district, according to th«
census, there were four hundred and eighty-six
voters, and twelve hundred and eix votes wera
returned as having been cast. It is true that the
returns of some of the representative districts in-
cluded within this council district were set aside,
but the council returns were not set aside. I wish
to call attention to what was said by the judges
appointed by the Governor in that district. H.
B. Corey, J. B. Ross, and J. Atkinson, wera
named in the Governor's proclamation as being
judges of the tenth representative district, which
was part of the tenth council district; and in re-
gard to them. I find this record in the executive
minutes:
," Oaths of H. B. Cprey, J. B. Boas, and J. Atkinson,
jtldges, according to form prescribed. Keiurn of saina
judges, stating that, having been sWofn, (hey proceeded to
open said election, and received votes; bat that a vast num-
ber of citizens from Missouri assembled on the ground for
the purpose of illegal voting, who surrounded the window
and obstructed the citizens of the Territory from depositing
their votes, and caused many of the said legal voters to leave
without voting; and that the said judges, in conseqoense
pf the determination of citizens of Missouri to vote, and no
voters from said district voting, or offering to vote, they left
the ground."
Thereupon, the Missourians went oh, appoint-
ed their own judges, who made out the returns,
and stated that two hundred and forty-two votes
were cast.
Mr. PUGH. Was that election set aside?
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; it was not one
of the seven districts where there was a' contest
and protest.
Mr, PUGH. I understood the Senator to say
that the representative election was set aside.
Mn'COLLAMER. No, sir; the tenth council
district was made up of two different representa-
tive districts—one a large one, entitled to two
members, and the other entitled to only one mem-
ber. There was a protest in relation to the rep-
resentative district entitled to two members, and
the Governor set the returns aside; but in this
district, where two hundred and forty-two wer#
returned as havijig been cast, that number elected
the representative in that representative district,
apd also secured the election, of councilors for the
•whole terilii council district. At this election,
which was carried by violence, as appears by the
statement of the judges who 'fore driveji off the
ground, and who gave up the jiolls to the Missou-
rians?,not only did the representative keep his seat
because there was no protest, but the vote which
elected him elected the councilors for that whole
council district!
Now I produce the proof. I produce these
papers made at the time, showing the.condition
of things there. Perhaps there may still be some
doubt about it, but I dQ not see where a hook can
be found to hang a doubt upon,
[Here the honorable Senator, yielded for aft
adjournment, the usual hour bf adjournment
having arrived.]
Fiiisji*, dpril 4,1856.
The Senate haying resumed the Consideratiuh
Of the same subject—
_ Mr. COLLAMER said: Mr. President, at the
time of the adjournment yesterday I was proceed-
ing to show the reasons which induced me to be-
lieve that the invasion from the people ofMissouri
on the Territory of Kansas, on the occasion pf the
election of March, l855i formembers ofthe Legis-
