ism.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
881
dent, that the Senator does not deny the power
of the Senate to originate an appropriation bill,
and I think that he is the only member of this body
who entertains a doubt on that point. The Con-
stitution expressly provides that44 no money shall
be drawn from the Treasury exccpt in consc-
quence of appropriations made by law." The
money is locked up in the Treasury, anrl it must
remain there until it is taken from the Treasury
by an act of Congress, for it cannot be taken
away, whether in small or in large amounts, ex-
cept m consequence of an appropriation made by
law.
Now, sir, any bill which authorizes the pay-
ment of money from the public Treasury is a
bill appropriating that public money; it is an ap-
propriation by law; it is, therefore, an appropri-
ation bill. A bill appropriating money to pay an
individual claim—a private claim—is an appropri-
ation bill, or the money could not be paid from
the Treasury under it. A bill appropriating
$5,000,000 to pay the French spoliation claims was
an appropriation bill; and, if I recollcct aright,
it received the sanction of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. A bill appropriating money for the im-
provement of harbors and rivers, large amounts,
was strictly an appropriation bill, and such a bill
received the sanction of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. The honorable Senator from New
York who spoke on this question, I believe has
introduced more bills of that description during
the present session, than almost any other mem-
ber of the body.
Indeed, sir, it is the common experience of
every Senator that appropriation bills for small
amounts and for large amounts are introduced
here daily. Does the Senator from Massachu-
setts gravely suggest a doubt in this body whether
any bill appropriating money out of the public
Treasury is an "appropriation by law," and
whether the bill introduced for that purpose is an
appropriation bill ? There is but one other opinion
that has been advanced on the Constitution that
would be as paradoxical as that.
On the othe^hand, a revenue bill is said to be
a bill raising revenue: " All bills for raising rev-
enue shall originate m the House of Representa-
tives," Does the Senator from Massachusetts
entertain the opinion that a bill appropriating
money out of tiie Treasury is a bill for raising
revenue? Will he stand up here in his place and
say lie entertains any doubt on that point? Has
he made his elaborate speech for the purpose of
advancing and sustaining the idea that a bill appro-
mating money out of the public Treasury is a
•ill for the raising of revenue? We should have
revenue enough if bills of that kind would have
the effect of raising revenue.
The language of the Constitution, sir, is entire-
ly free from any doubt; it is not susceptible of
two constructions. The Constitution itself spe-
cifically provides for appropriation bills and for
revenue bills. They are entirely distinct; they
are totally diverse in their operation. One brings
money into the Treasury, where the Constitution
locks it up until an appropriation bill is passed,
by which the money is drawn from the Treasury
and appropriated to purposes general or special.
Upon this point the Constitution is clcar and
unequivocal; and when it has applied an inhibi-
tion to only one class of bills—those for raising
revenue—it passes comprehension that any gen-
tleman should entertain a doubt whether that
inhibition extends to an appropriation bill.
But it is said, that the practice of the Senate has
been not to originate appropriation bills. Sir,
exactly the reveise is true, it is the practice of
the Senate, and has been since the foundation of
the Government, to originate appropriation bills.
There is, I admit, one class of appropriation bills
which we have not been in the habit of origina-
ting here, and they are the general appropriation
bills, based upon the estimates of the executive
departments. They are undoubtedly important;
but that omission does not authorize any one to
say that the settled practice of the Senate has
been not to originate appropriation bills. But,
sir, I do not so much heed the practice of either
House of Congress as I do the plain provisions
of the Constitution. I do not so much heed
compromises which are not embraced in the Con-
stitution itself. I repudiate all compromises which
are not to be found in the Constitution itself. I
do not believe that either House of Congress, or
I
both together, by any practice or by any law, can
make a compromise which supersedes or modi-
fies the Constitution of the country. I utterly
repudiate the idea of permitting either any prac-
tice or any compromise, outside of the Constitu-
tion, to vary the powers of this body or the
powers of Congress. The Constitution is a living
instrument, and confers upon the present Con-
gress the same powers that it conferred on the
first Congress which assembled under it, save only
where those powers have been changed by sub-
sequent amendments of the Constitution in the
mode provided by the instrument itself.
Sir, here is a power conferred on this body;
and are we to repudiate that power ? It was con-
ferred upon this body for wise purposes. It is
the law of this body. The power is intrusted to
this body, and we are not at liberty to permit it
to fall into disuse, provided the public service or
the public interest requires its exercise. The
language of the Constitution is clcar, that this
body has the power to originate an appropriation
bill, whether general or special; and are we to be
wiser than those who framed the Constitution ?
Are we to bo wiser than the States which adopted
it ? Sir, if we keep within the limits of the Con-
stitution, if we adhere to it strictly, if we carry
it out according to its plain import and meaning,
in my judgment we best perform ourpublic duty.
I am willing neither to exercise any power that
is not clearly granted, nor to forbear the exercise
of a power which is conferred upon us, when a
proper occasion arises for the exercise of that
power.
Now, the only question is, this power b^ing
clearly conferred on the Senate, are we to go on,
for all time, rejecting the exercisc of the power in
the particular case of a general appropriation bill ?
Sir, I would do nothing which would unneces-
sarily interfere with the other branch of Congress;
I would act with the utmost comity to them. I
would not take a step which could justly excite
apprehension on their part that we intended to
trespass on their duties or on powers exclusively
confided to them. But if the Senate has an equal
power with the House of Representatives to origin-
ate a general appropiiation bill, can it be regarded
as in the least degree evincing any want of regard
or respect to the House of Representatives if we
should divide this labor with that body ? The form
of this resolution was adopted for the very pur-
pose ofleaving to consultation between the Finance
Committees of both Houses whether this labor
might not be divided between them, so that the
bills might be brought forward at an earlier period
of the session than usual, and receive that atten-
tion from the Senate, as well as fioni the House,
which they deserve. It was designed, harmoni-
ously with the other body, to apply a remedy to
an evil which had been long felt here—an evil
which has grown to an alarming magnitude—the
evil so graphically described by the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.} When we know that
that evil exists, when we feel it every session
pressing upon us, are we not to apply a remedy,
if a remedy bo within our power?
Sir, it is of the utmost importance, as far as the
finances of the country are concerned, that we
should be able to attend to the details of these
appropriation bills. I know of no way in which
that can be accomplished except in the mode
pointed out by this resolution. I hope it will be
adopted, and will be received by the other branch
of Congress in the spirit in which it has been in-
troduced here, and which has been intended to be
manifested from the beginning to the end of this
attempt on the part of the Senate to accelerate the
business of the session.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I do not wish
to detain the Senate by entering into any further
discussion on this question. I wish, however,
simply to say, that I shall vote against this prop-
osition; for, whatever may be the constitutional
powers of the Senate to originate general appro-
priation bills, there can be no doubt of the fact
that when the Constitution of the United States
was framed, its framers supposed that this was a
compromise between the States and the people,
that the theory settled in the Constitution was that
money hills—general appropriation bills—should
originate in the House of Representatives.
The debates in the Convention referred to by
my colleague—the debates in the State conven-
tions, as will appear if Senators will examine those
debates—abundantly sustain, that position. Sir,
the practice of the Government, of the wise men
who framed the Constitution, from the year 1789
to 1856, during two entire generations, has been
to adhere to this policy.
Now, sir, we are called upon, at this time, to
depart from that practice; aud permit me' to say,
that the time is not well-chosen. The public
voice of this country will say that, at this'juiic-
lure, i n the peculiar position of affairs m'ffie House
of Representatives"and in tlie couriCfy rthe Senate
of the United States if exteriffiiiglts power and
its influence in the.government of the country at
the expense of the popular br,anch of the Gov-
ernment.
Sir, two States, with less than three hundred
thousand inhabitants, have two Representatives
on the floor of .the House of Representatives, and
two other States with six millions of people, have
fifty-eight Representatives there. Now, I prefer
that the House of Representatives, representing
the people, shall mature the general appropriation
bills of the country, and take the lead in the
appropriation of the money of the country; and
therefore, at this time in the present position
of affairs, I hope that the Senate will make no
change whatever; for if that change be made, it
will be regarded by the country, whether it be
so intended or not, as an attempt to increase the
power and the influence of the Senate, which rep-
resents the States of the Union, at the expense of
the House of Representatives, which represents
equally the people of the country.
The question was taken; and the resolution
was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 7, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Byron Sunderland.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The Hon. Jonas A. Hugiiston, a Represent-
ative from the State of New York, appeared and
qualified by taking the oath to support the Con-
stitution of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The question in order is the
resolution relative to the election of a public
printer.
Mr. GROW. I give notice that on to-morrow,
or some subsequent day, I shall ask leave to intro ■
duce a bill to secure homesteads to actual settlers
on the public domain; also, a bill to prevent the
further sale of the public lands except to actual
settlers.
WOOD FOR THE POOR.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I suppose it 13
in order to make a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the House adopted a resolution to go
into the election of a public printer?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, sir, I propose to
make that motion, with a view to proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table. I desire, sir, to
bring before this body the resolution adopted by
the Senate yesterday, making an appropriation
for the relief of the suffering poor of this city and
Georgetown; and I want a direct vote upon it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman yield to me a moment ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, not now. After a
vote upon that resolution we can adopt a resolu-
tion to go into the election of a printer. There
are reasons why we should act upon that resolu-
tion now; if we do not pass it, let it go by the
board. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution for the election of a public printer
passed the other day, and on that I call for the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. It may be advisable to state
to the gentleman from Ohio that it is not in order
to go to the business on the Speaker's table until
after the States shall have been called for resolu-
tions, without a change of the rules of the House.
Mr. PENNINGTON addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The question pending is on
the moiion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] to reconsider the resolution directing
the election of a public printer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay that
motion on the table.
