1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
The question was put on ordering the yeas and
nays; and there were 16 in the affirmative—not a
sufficient number.
Mr. JONES demanded tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of
Tennessee, and Ball were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 22, noes 83. So the yeas and nays
were ordered—one fifth voting in favor thereof.
The question was taken on Mr. Washbukne's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 95, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barbour, Henry Bennett,
Benaon, Bilhnghurst, Bmgham, Bishop, Bhsfs, 13iadshaw.
Brenton, Buffinton, Burlinjjame, Lewis D. Campbell, Ezra
Clark, Clinguian, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coit'ax, Covode,
Cox, Ciagm, Cumback, Iienry Winter Davi«>, Timothy
Davi-s, Duriee, Evans, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gal-
loway, Gilbert, Granger, Giow, Hailan, J. Morrison Harris,
Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas
it. Horton, Hughston, Kennett, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox,
Lmdley, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matte-
son, MeO'irty, Meacham, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Nichols,
Andicw Oliver, Paine, Paiker, Peck, Pelton, Perry. Pettit,
Pike, Pnngle, Purvianec, Puryear, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rivers.,
Robbms, Roberts, Sabin, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage. Scott,
Seward, Simmons, Sneed, Spinner, Stranahan, Tappan,
Thoungton, Thurston, Trafton, Tnppe, Valk, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Waldron, Walker, Elhhu B. Wa&Ubume, Israel
Washburn, Wells, VYoodruif, and Woodworth— 9o.
NAY5 — Messis. Aiken, Barksdale, Bocock, Bianch,
Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Cullen, Dean. Denver,
Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Foster. Giddtngs,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Hams, Jewett,
George W. Jone?, King, Loiter, Lotcher, Lumpkui, Max-
well, McMullin, Smitli Miller, Millson, Phelps, Powell,
Reacle, itutfin, Stanton, Stewart. Swope,Talbott, Warner,
Watkms, Welch, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, and John
V. Wright—43.
So the rules were suspended.
The bill was then read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution of inquiry
in relation to the case of Judge Irwin, of the
western district of Pennsylvania, which is now
pending before the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES. I object.
OBSTRUCTIONS IN THE SAVANNAH RIVER.
Mr. SEWARD. I call up the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the House referred a bill
to alter and amend "An actto appropriate money
to remove obstructions in the Savannah river,
below the city of Savannah, in the State of Geor-
gia," approved March 3,1855, to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, with a
view to put the bill on its passage.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the gentleman will
yield the floor for a personal explanation.
Mr. SEWARD. When my motion is dis-
posed of.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to reconsidcr
the vote by which the House referred the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and it is in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I will simply state to the
House that the bill does not appropriate any
money, but amends an act passed at the last Con-
gress. I wish to get it up, and put it upon its
passage.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the motion.
rthe yeas and-nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask
read.
that the bill may be
The bill was read in extenso. It provides that
the act of last Congress, mentioned in the title,
be so amended as to authorize the removal of
impediments in the Savannah river, consequent
upon the obstructions known as the " wrecks,"
placed there during the revolutionary war.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barbour, Barksdale,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss Bnuishaw, Brenton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Lewis
D Campbell, Carhle, Ezra Clark, dawson, Clingman,
Colfax, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Cullen, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Eustis, Evans, Flagler,
Foster Henrv M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway,
Gilbeit, Greenwood, Giow, Harrison, Haven, Herbeit,
Hoffman, Hollowav, Thomas R. Horton, Hughston, Ken-
nett, King, Knapp. Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Lumpkin,
Humphrey Marshall, Mtttteson, McC'arty, Morgan, Mor-
nll, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Paine, Parker, Peck, Pelton,
Pennington, Petut, Pnngle, Purviance, Puryear, Keady,
Iticaud, Richardson, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbins, Robison,
Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Seward, Simmons, Sneed, Ste-
phens, Stewart, Stranahan,Tappan,Thorington, Thurston,
Todd, Trippe, Vaik, Wakeman, Walker, Warner, EMihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Wells, Whitney,
Woodworth, and Daniel B. Wright—- 100.
NAYS—Messrs. AUison, Bocock, Branch, Williamson
R. W. Cobb. Davidson, Dean, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Giddmgs, Harlan, Jewett, George W. Jones, Letelier, Sam-
uel S. Marshall, McMullin, Killian Miller, Smith Miller,
Pike, Powell, Iteade, Roberts, Ruffin, Sabin, Savage, Stan-
ton, Talbott, Walbndge, Watkms, Wheeler, and John V.
Wright—31.
So the motion to reconsidcr was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BUFFINTON stated that Mr. Hall, of
Massachusetts, had paired off with Mr. Rust, of
Arkansas.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and being put, it was
decided in the negative.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment to the bill, and call the previous question:
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and insert-
That the balance ot the unexpended appropriation
made by the act of Match 3, 1855, tor removing certain ob-
structions- in the Savannah nvci, may bo, and is hereby
authorized to be, applied, undei the ditection of the Secre-
tary of War, to remove the bars, shoals, banks, and other
impediments in said river, caused bv said obstructions, :w
proposed in the project of the commissioners, approved by
Uie War Department 111 Febiuary, 1853.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The first question being upon the amend-
ment—
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. S4PP and
Walker were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes noes 20; no quorum voting.
Mr. FLAGLER demandi-d the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 23; as fol-
lows:
Y HAS—Messrs. Albright, Allen, Ball, Baibour, Henrv
Bennett, Ben-on, Biliinghurst, Bishop, Bliss, Bi ad-haw,
Bienton, Buffinton, BuilmL'ame, John P. Campbell,Lewis*
D. Campbell, Carhle, dawson, Chngman, Colfax, Covode,
Ciagui, Cullen, Cumback, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy
Dean, Denver, Dunee.Ldie,English,Eusti^,Evans,
Flaglei, Foster, Henrv M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Galloway, Giddmgs, Gilbeit, Gianger, Giow, J. Morrison
Han is, Hamson, Haven, Herbeit, Hoffman, Holloway,
T-homas R. Iloiton,Hughston, Keririeu, Knapp, Knowlton,
Leiter, Lmdley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Marte-
son, Moigan, Moirill, Nichols, Andrew Olivei, Pame, Par-
ker, Peck, Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pnngle, Pumancc,
Puivear, lteadv, llicaml, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbing Roberts,
Robison, Sabin, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Seward, Sneed,
Spinnei, Stephens, Stewart, Stianahan,Tappan, Thoinig-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Tralton, Tnppe, Wakeman, Wal-
budge. Walker, Warner, Elhhu B. Washburne, I-rael
Washburn, Welch, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Woodiuff,
and Woodworth—106.
NAVS—Mchsr.^. Allison. Barksdale, Bocock, Burnett,
Williamson B. W. Cobb, Davidson, Edmundson, Elliott,
Au-n^tus Hall, Harlan. Jewett, George W. Jono*, Letcher,
Samuel S. Marshall, McMulhn, Million, Phelps, Powell,
Ruffin, Savage, Stanton, Wheeler, and Daniel B. Wnght
—2J.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed
it was accordingly read the third time.
The question being on its passage,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barbour, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Billinghurst, Bishop, Bliss, Biarich, Buffinton,
Buthngame, Lewis D. Campbell, Cathie, Ezia Clark,
dawson, Chngman, Colfax, Covode, Ciagin, Cullen, Cum-
back, Davidson, Henry Winter Davi«,Timothv Davis, Dean,
Eustis, Flagler, Fo-tei, Henry M. Fuller, Gilbert, Grander,
Giow, J. Morrison Harris, Haven. Herbert, Hodman, Hol-
lowav, Thomas R. Horton, Hughston, Kennett, Knapp,
Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, Lmdley, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Mattcson, McCarty, Mor-
gau. Morrill, Nichols, Pame, Pailcer, Peck. Pelton, Perry,
Pimple, Purviance, Puryear, Ready, Ricaud, lutclne,
Rivers, Robbins, Roberts, Robnon. Sabin, Sandidge, Sapp,
Scott, Seward. Simmons, Sneed, Spinner, Stephens, Stew-
art, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan, Thurston, Tiatton, Trippe,
Walbridge, Waldron, Walker, Warner, LIhhu B. W ash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Weils, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Woodruff", and Woodworth—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Barksdale, Bocock, Bradshaw, John I .
Campbell, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Elliott, Thoma- J. D.
Fuller, Audi^tus Hall, Harlan, George W. Jones Samuel
S. Marshall. McMulhn, Millson, Pennington, Pcmt, Phelps,
Powell,Ruffin, Staaton, Todd,DarnelB. Wnght,and John
V. Wright—22.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he was not with-
in the bar when his name was called; if he had
been, he would have voted in the negative.
Mr. KEITT made a similar statement.
Mr. SEWARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
ST. LOUIS AND IRON MOUNTAIN RAILROAD.
Mr. KENNETT. I would ask the unani-
mous consent of the House, and I hope I will re-
ceive it, as the matter was postponed on Monday
last, to suspend the rules for the purpose of con-
sidering the bill granting to the St. Louis and
Iron Mountain Railroad Company the right of
way through some military reservations below the
city of St. Louis. I have here a letter from the
president of the company, if the House will in-
dulge me a moment, stating that the road is al-
ready being graded, the iron is on the ground, the
locomotives and cars arc prepared, and the com-
pany is now awaiting the action of Congress to
enable it to go through the reservation.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
13) granting the right of way to the St. Louis and
Iron Mountain railroad through the arsenal,
magazine, and Jefferson barracks tracts, was
taken up and read.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time—
Mr. KENNETT. I would ask,Mr. Speaker,
to have some amendments read so as to make the
bill entirely acceptable, as I hope, to every mem-
ber of the House. They propose to add two
additional covered ways, and to guard the Gov-
ernment right in some other particulars, which
will be shown by reading the amendments.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I would like to in-
quire of the gentleman from Missouri, whether
this bill has the approbation of the Secretary of
War?
Mr. PHET/P S. It has the approbation of the
military committee.
Mr. KENNETT. Well, sir, I would say that
it is necessary to go into some explanation to
answer the gentleman. The right of way was
granted by the act of February, 1853, but with
the provision that " the location of said road
through the land aforesaid shall be made subject
to the approval of the Secretary of War;" and
with the further provision " that said location,
can be made without injury to the public inter-
ests, in the opinion of the saidSecretary of War."
Under that act, the Secretary of War 
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting.) I wish to
have the car of the gentleman a moment, so that
he may answer some questions which I want to
ask him.
Mr. KENNETT yielded the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Speaker, it is hardly
two years since we passed a bill for this purpose.
My attention has been drawn especially to ths
character of the property through which this right
of way is asked for. I found it to be, m my
judgment, the most magnificent property I have
have met in that whole western country. A prop-
osition was submitted at the last Congress by
the predecessor of my honorable friend, topur-
chase that property for the use of the city of St.
Louis •
Mr. KENNETT, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman ask me his questions, it he please ? I
object to his making a speech against my propo-
sition before I have had time to say a word in
favor of it.
I was about to say, Mr. Speaker, that this bill
had already passed both Houses of Congress; to
wit: at the first session of last Congress. The
company then, as now, applied for the repeal of
such of the provisions of the law of 1853 as put it
in the power of the Secretary of War to load down
the grant with restrictions which virtually made it
inoperative. The bill was then brought up in this
House and passed. It went to the Senate; and
before the Military Committee of the Senate the
honorable Secretary of War made his objections
at length. They were examined by that commit-
tee, General Shields being at the time chairman;
and after mature deliberation the bill was recom-
mended to the Senate for passage. It passed the
Senate without difficulty, and was returned here
but with a slight amendment. That amendment
was against the interest of the company, but was
