1108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
accepted by them; and the bill would undoubtedly
have passed this House had it been reached in
order. It was taken up, I believe; but my pred-
ecessor, not being prepared at the moment to go
into its examination, asked to have it postponed,
and it never was reached again. For three years
this company have been seeking the right of way
through these grounds. With the road now
graded, the means at hand to put it in operation,
locomotives, cars, and all ready, they are at this
moment only awaiting the action of Congress to
enable them to lay down the rails. It is not in
the power of this company to condemn the lands,
because they are public lands, or rather special
reservations of the United States.
The gentleman [Mr. McMullin] says the
property is valuable. The property to which he
refers is an arsenal which is now within the limits,
and actually within the thickly settled portion, of
the city of St. Louis. It is surrounded by build-
ings, manufactories, everything m short which
may endanger it as a public arsenal. If the gen-
tleman had examined into the matter-, he would
have found that the objections of the Secretary of
Wfir—so far as concerns passing through the ar-
senal reservation—have been overcome by chang-
ing the location one hundred feet farther eastward,
and at that much greater distance from the build-
ings.
The Secretary of War stated, in a communication
to the company, that he would withdraw all objec-
tion to passing through the arsenal grounds, and
allow steam power, provided we could find some
way of getting round the barracks tiacts, which
ore some ton or twelve miles below. This is not
in the power of the company. They have made
every effort to find some mode of getting round
this military reservation, but have been unable
to do so. The reservation covers some two or
three thousand acres of land fronting two or three
miles on the river. It is nothing more ihaii an
open common, with the exception of a little piece
on the northern side inclosed for a magazine lot.
It is proposed that the road shall pass through
these grounds near the river at high-water line,
whilst the barracks arc about eighty foot above
high water, and two or three hundred feet back
from it. The place where the military are exer-
cised, and where the horses are trained, which
the Secretary thinks the road would interfere
with, is twenty-five hundred feet from the road,
and out of sight.
I will say, Mr. Speaker, that this bill has been
recommenced by the Military Committee, the
honorable chairman of which [Mr. Q,uitman]
I am sorry not to see in his seat—I understand
he has left the city. But, sir, this bill received
the unanimous approval of that committee, it
virtually passed both Houses of Congress at the
last Congiess; and, believing that there is no good
reason for objecting to the bill, I move the"pre-
vious question upon its passage.
Mr. McMULLlN". As the gentleman from
Missouri haw seen lit to call the previous ques-
tion upon this bill 
Mr, KENNETT. I will withdraw the de-
mand if the honorable gentleman from Virginia
wishes to discuss the bill.
Mr. McMULLlN. I presume I have fallen
into an error in reference to one branch of this
proposition. I supposed, when I obtained the floor
by the courtesy of the gentleman, that it was pro-
posed to grant the right of way through the ar-
senal grounds in the city of St. Louis; but I un-
derstand that I was mistaken in that.
Mr. KENNETT. The gentleman was cor-
rect in supposing that the bill proposes to grant
the right of way through the arsenal grounds;
but the Secretary of War has withdrawn his ob-
jection to that, and permitted the use of steam
power, providing we can get round the Jefferson
barracks tracts, thus admitting that, as to this
property,there is no serious difficulty in the way.
Mr. McMULLlN. I think this right of way
ought to be granted if it can possibly be done
without doing violence to the public interest. I
have no doubt about it. But I desire to know of
the gentleman from Missouri what he supposes
will be the real damage to the Government prop-
erty by allowing this road to pass through it? I
will put the question to the gentleman in this
way: Suppose these public grounds were the
private property of my friend from Missouri, I
ask him to tell mc what damage he believes the
granting of this right of way would do to his
property ?
As to the other property to which the gentle-
man has called the attention of the House, I rec-
ollect that, during the last Congress, it was pro-
posed to sell this property to the city of St. Louis
for $250,000. It was estimated by the Secretary
of War, in a communication sent to this House,
if I recollect correctly, at $393,000; but the gen-
tleman then representing the city of St. Louis
(Mr. Benton) proposed that the city should pur-
chase it for $250,000. Now it occurs to me that
it would very much damage the value of this
property to grant a right of way for a railroad
through it, if the Government determines to hold
on to the property.
Mr. KENNETT. If the gentleman will ex-
amine the papers upon the subject, he will find
that the Secretary of War says he will grant us
the right of way through the arsenal grounds
provided we will go one hundred feet further
east. That was done at once. So that the objec-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia falls to the
ground. The Secretary of War had no insuper-
able objection to the grant asked for, provided we
would employ horse power altogether in running
through the Grounds. That would incur a very
great inconv ..a-iice upon the part of the com-
pany—so great as almost to deprive them of the
benefit of the f^ht of way; and he is willing, as
above stated, thjt we shall use steam powcrat the
arsenal, provided we will ^et round the barracks
tracts ten miles below. This we have not been
able to do; and as the danger to the Government
property is very slight, we trust the grant will be
made without restriction; and as to the injury
likely to be done to the arsenal grounds, which
the gentleman from Virginia imagines are worth
pOO,000,1 can only say that it is proposed to run
the road, some five or six hundred feet across this
reservation, a narrow strip of about that width,
and so near (within thirty or forty feet) to its
eastern front as not materially to injure it. The
road takes sixty feet only of ground across the
tiact.
Sir, this grant should have been freely made
years ago, without any onerous restiiction upon
its use, and tins company should notbc compelled
to come here year after year begging and cring-
ing before Congress to get what the Government
of the United States ought to have been always
ready to bestow. Believing that no further ob-
jections can or will be offered to this bill, 1 now
renew the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendments were read, and agreed to, as
follows:
Inline twelve, after the word " grounds," insert "and
between the iiver."
In line sixteen, stnke out the word ''two," and insert
" not exceeding foui
In line twenty two, after the word " iron," iuseit "on
the land .side.-"
in line twenty-eight, after the words " and provided
Jwtherlrwit " that the said company .shall use on their
locomotives the customary, or most approved, measures
lor atresting spaik« from chimneys.*5
So that the bill, as amended, reads:
A Bill granting the right of way to the St. Louis and Iron
Mountain lailroad, tinough the arsenal, magazine, and
Jefferson bariaeks tiaets.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Honseof Representatives
of LhcUmtcA State? of Jlrncrica in Congress assembled. That
the right of way, sixty feet m width, ihiough the lands in
winch the St. Lotus aisenal,the St. Louis marine hospital,
and Jetterson barracks aie Mtuated, in the State of .Mis-
souri, he, and the same is hcicby, granted to the rir Louis and
lion Mountain Raihoad Company, lor the conduction of
a i.ulroad ftoin the city of St. Louis through said lands: Pro-
vided, *mi\ load shall be constructed on the line upon which
it is now located • Provided further, Th U a strong substan-
tial plank ienee be erected by said company between the
road and the public giound*, and between the rivei,at such
place, and of such ehaiacter, as the commanding officei at
JelieKOn bairaeks shall direct, with suitable iron gates, not
exceeding foui. at such points as shall be selected by Mich
commanding orticei; and the said company shall also cause
to be constructed, not exceeding four covered ways, at
suitable places in pait of said public grounds, and in such
manner as shall he approved by said commanding officer;
and if, after the fence herein piovuied for shall have been
erected, and the«aid road put in operation, it shall be found,
in the opinion of the Pie>ident,to be insufficient for the pio-
tection of lives and piopurty, he mayrequue a fence of
brick, stone, or iron, on tiie land side to be constructed, and
the said company shall cause the same to be eiected ac-
cordingly at their proper cost and charge: Provided also,
That the *aid company shall be liable for all losses which
Oiay be sustained by the public, either by the destruction
of public property, or by collision with the trams, m passing
over said giounds: Jlnd ■providedfurther, That the said
company shall use on their locomotives the customary, or
most approved, measures for arresting sparks from chim-
neys : that when the Government expects to receive, or in-
tends to ship powder at the magazine landing, upon giving
twenty-four hours'notice lo said company of such expec-
tation or intention, horse-power alone shall be used by said
company m passing during the receiving or shipping of
powder; and that so much of an act passed Febiuary the
Mth, 1853, as is inconsistent with this act, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
The bill as amended was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. KENNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JUDGE IRWIN.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution of inquiry
which has relation to the case of Judge Irwin,
of the district court for the western district of
Pennsylvania. The information asked for is for
the use of the Committee on the Judiciary.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to communicate to tins House a statement of the expendi-
tures of each of the district and circuit courts of the United
States for the three yeais ending the 31st of December, 1855;
the said statement to specify the pei diem of cleiks, attor-
neys, and maishals; aNo, a statement of the number of
suits, civil and criminal, brought in each of said years in
each of said courts, and the number of days in each year
on which each ol the said couits was in session.
No objection being made, the resolution was
received and adopted.
PROTECTION OF AMERICAN CITTZENS.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I send up to be read a
joint resolution, to which I hope there will be no
objection.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
A Joint Resolution for the better protection of American
citizen's.
Be it resolved, £c., That for the better protection of the
persons and property of American citizens under the law
of nations, and as secured by exiting treaty stipulations
with reference to the tboroughfaic or lines of travel be-
tween the waters of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, the
President of thcUnited States be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to employ any part of the land oi naval forccs of the
country, and to call for, and use any number of volunteers
that may be necessary to provide for the safety of passen.-
gen«, and other ot our citizens in those localities, and such
forces may be u.-,ed by him, in aid of the local authorities
or othctwise to insure the observance of such rig}its as the
Government of the United States and its ciUzens are enti-
tled to enjoy.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose of introducing the
joint resolution.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STEPHENS. Does the gentleman pro-
pose, when the resolution is introduced, to refer
it or to put it on its passage?
Mi. CLINGMAN. I made no statement of
what was my purpose when I offered the resolu-
tion. I am willing that it shall be referred, i
want to get it m. When it is in, if the House
choose to refer it I shall have no objection.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am willing to vote for
the admission of the joint resolution, but I am
not prepared to act on it to-day.
Mr. JONES. It is a proposition authorizing
the President to take possession of Central Amer-
ica. [Laughter.] I do not want it here at this
time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Oh, no; the gentleman ia
mistaken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
the proposition is to be introduced for reference.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I made no request in rcf-
ference to the committal of the resolution. I
presented it simply for introduction .
Mr. STEPHENS. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to refer it, or to put it on its passage ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky desires that there may be a vote on the
resolution. Pie is anxious that it should pass.
I'said I would introduce it, and then leave it to a
majority of the PTouse to say whether it should
be referred or passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the resolution
is to be put on its passage, I should like to have
a chance to amend so that it would include a
