THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Pennington] has the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 hope the motion to lay
on the table will not prevail, but that the House
will proceed to a direct vote on my motion.
Mr: JONES. What is it that the gentleman
from New Jersey wishes to effect ?
Mr. PENNINGTON. To make a report from
the joint committee appointed to wait yn the Pres-
ident, and apprise him that the House was organ-
ized.
Mr. JONES. That, sir, is a privileged matter,
and it is not necessary that.I should withdraw
my motion for that purpose.
REPORT OP JOINT COMMITTEE.
Mr. PENNINGTON. It is proper that I re-
port without further delay, on the part of the
committee of this House, that the "joint committee
of the Senate and the House to wait on the Pres-
ident of the United States, and inform him of the
organization of the two Houses, and of their
readiness to receive any communication he might
have to make, have performed that duty. In
reply, the President expressed his sense of the
courtesy of the two Houses, his gratification in
knowing that the House is at length in a condi-
tion to go on with the public business, his desire
to cooperate with the legislative department in all
measures that shall promise to promote the public
interest, and his purpose to communicate with
Congress as the public exigencies shall require.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move now, as
a privileged motion, before the question be put on
the other, that when this House adjourns it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next.
That motion will, I presume, prevail, as a mat-
ter of course; and then I hope that the motion to
reconsider will be laid on the table, and that this
House will proceed with the election of a public
printer to-day, and get through that business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Tennessee will modify his mo-
tion by appending to it a proposition which is
usual, that the Speaker be authorized to appoint
the standing committees of the House.
Mr. JONES. That may be introduced as an
independent proposition.
Mr. WASHKURNE. Then I ask the gentle-
man to give way until I offer a resolution which
will also embrace his proposition.
Mr. JONES. They are separate and distinct
propositions. The gentleman from Illinois can
offer his as a separate proposition.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I offer it as a
separate proposition, that the Speaker be author-
ized to appoint the standing committees of the
House.
Mr. JONES. The motion which 1 made comes
first; that of the gentleman from Illinois will come
afterwards.
The question was taken 011 Mr. Jonf.s's motion,
and it was agreed to.
APPOINTMENT OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WASHli URINE, of Illinois. I now offer
the following resolution, and ask the previous
question on its adoption:
Revolted, That the Speaker be authorized to appoint the
standing committees of tins llou-e.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being on agreeing to the lesolu-
tion.
Mr. BRANCH said: I desire to call attention to
the Tth rule of the House, which provides that
all committees shall be appointed by the Speaker,
unless otherwise specially directed by the House,
in which case they shall be appointed by ballot.
As that rule is among the rules as adopted for
the government of this House, I can see no occa-
sion for the resolution introduced by the gentle-
mail from Illinois.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Branch,]
that a similar resolution to this has always been
adopted at the commencement of cacli Congress,
and also at the second session of each Congress.
The question was taken on Mr. Wasxibukne's
resolution, and it was adopted.
Mr, WASHBURNE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution just passed had been
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table, which latter motion was
agreed to.
BOOKS TO MEMBERS.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask leave to offer a reso-
lution directing the Clerk of the House to deliver
to the members of the present House of Repre-
sentatives all documents, extra copies of which
were ordered by the last House, and which were
not delivered till after the meeting of the present
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a point
of order. I submit that the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the resolution is not now in order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. SMITH. I now call for the unfinished
business of yesterday.
ELECTION OF PUBLIC PRINTER.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Is the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] to lay on the table my motion to recon-
sider before the House>
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well. Then let us
have a vote upon it I hope my motion will not
be laid upon the table.
The question being on the motion to lay on the
table, Mr. Campbell called for tellers.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask for the yeas and
nays 011 that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
NOTICE OF BILL.
Mr. MILLSON. Before calling the roll, I rise
to give notice of a motion for leave to bring in a
bill for the repeal of the act of last Congress au-
thorizing the appointment of the naval board.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done under
the rules, unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. MILLSON. Can it not be done by motion
in the House?
The SPEAKER. Not now.
ELECTION OF PUBLIC PRINTER AGAIN.
The question was taken to lay 011 the table the
motion to reconsider the proposition to go into
the election of a public printer; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 82, nays 95; as follows:
Yl-'AS—Messis Aiken, Alien, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Boeock, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Cadwal-
ader, Caihle, Bayard Ulark, Chngman, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Cox, Ciavvford, Cullen, Davuls-on, Day, Dowdell,
Elliott, English, Evans, Faulknei, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Goode, Gieenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas Ti. Harris, Haven, Heibcrt, liickman,
Houston, Jcwett, Geoige VV. Jones, Kidwell, Knapp, Lake,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel S. Maishall, Maxwell,
McMullm, McQueen, Meacham, Mdlson, Nichols, Mor-
decai Ohvei, Peek, Phelps, Powell, Quitman, Heady,
Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Sage, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith, Spinner, Stephens, Stewart, Taylor, Tliuiston,
Trippe, Tyson, Valk, Wade, Walker, Watkins, Wells,
Winslow, Darnel B. Wnght, and John V. Wright—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barboui, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bilhnghur t, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Brad-
shaw, Brenton, Rroom, Bufiinton, Buihng.ime, Jnme<? H.
Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Colfax, Covode, Crasjm, Cumback, Dum-
iol!, Dean. Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Duifee, Etheudgo,
Florence, Galloway, Guldings, Gilbert, Granger, Robert B.
Hall, Hailan, J. Moruson Ham*, Harnson, Hoffman, Hol-
low <n,Tiioina& R.IIoi ton, flow aid, Kennett, King, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox. Leitei, Humplney Mar-.ha11, Mattcson,
McCaity, Kilhan Miliar, Milhvard, Morgan, Monill, Mur-
ray, Paine, Parker, 1'elton, Pettit. Pike, Porter, Pnngle,
PuivTanco, Ricaud. Ritchie, Robbuu, Robeit?, Sabin, Sapp,
Scott, Sheiman, Simmons, Stanton, Stranahan, Swope,
Tappan, Thorington, Todd, Vail, Wakcman, Walbndge,
Waklion, Ellthu B. Washbume, Israel Wa-hburn, Wntson,
Welch, Whitney, Woodrulf, Wood worth, and ZoUxcoffer—
9o.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on the
table.
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider. A division was called for.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let us have the
y e<is and nays, and see who it is that wants to put
off the election of public printer.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 81; as follows:
YFjAS—Messrs. Albright. Allison, Baibour, Ilenry Ben-
nett. Benson, Bingham, Bi-hop, Bliss, Biadshaw, Bienton,
Bioom, Buftiiiton, Buriuigame, James. H. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Covode, Cragin,
Cumback, Dannell, Dean. Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Dunce. Ethei idge, Eustis, Florence. Galloway, Guldings,
Gilbou, Grauyui. Giow, Robeit B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison
Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hoffman, Tlolloway. Thomas R.
Ilorton, Howaid, Kennett, Kin^, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Letter, Lindley, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, McCarty,
Meacham, Kiilian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Paine, Parkei, Pelton, Pennington, Peiry, Pettit, Pdce,
Porter, Pringle, Purvianee, Purye'ar, Reado, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Stanton, Stranahan, Swope,
Tappan, Thorington, Todd, Ty&on, Underwood, Wade,
Walbridge, Waldron, Ellihu B. Washburne, Isiael Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, Whitney, Woodiuff, and Wood-
worth—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Aikon, Barksdale, Bell, Hendjey S.
Bennett, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Cadwaiader,
John P. Campbell, Carhle, Caruthers, Bayard Ciaik,Clnig-
man, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawford, Cullon,
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Day, Dowdell, Elliott,
English, Evans, Faulkner, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Hams, Herbert, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, Geoige W.
Jones, Keitt, Kidwell, Knapp, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, McQueen,
Smith Millei, Mill&on, Millward, Nichols,Mordec&i Oliver,
Peek, Phelps, Powell, Qmtman, Ready, Rivers, Ruffin,
Ruvt, Sandidge, Savage, Sewaid, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stephens, Stewait, Tay-
lor, Thurston, Trippe, Valk, Walker, Watkins, Wells,
Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
coffer—81.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. LETCHER said: I have been requested
by Mr. Wheeler to state that he has paired oft"
for a week with Mr. Wood.
Mr. K.ELSEY stated that he had paired off with
a member from Missouri.
Mr. ALLEN. I ask leave to withdraw my
vote. I have paired off with my colleague, Mr.
Norton, but had forgotten it when I cast my
vote. T ask leave now to withdraw it.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution directing the election of a public printer.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man who.introduced that resolution [Mr. Smith,
of Tennessee] to withdraw it, so as to save time
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The House has
taken action upon it; and the gentleman cannot
withdraw it. If, however, it would meet the
views of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] I would move to postpone the resolution
till the 3d of March, 1857.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has not the floor to make that motion.
Mr, JONES. Well, I only saj^that if it would
meet the gentleman's views, I would make that
motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the resolution till Mon-
day next, and on that motion I call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Speaker 
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been called for; and debate is not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I had hoped that the gen-
tleman from Ohio would have favored the House
with one slender reason at least, why he makes
that motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I can do that now. It is
that we may vote relief for the poor of Wash-
ington.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman from Ohio
stated that he was satisfied we could not elect a
printer to-day. I should like to know how the
gentleman arrived at that conclusion. T should
have supposed that the gentleman, and those with
whom he acts and who act with him, having
elected a Speaker in one day, might elect a printer
in one day. But, sir, the reason assigned by the
gentleman from Ohio, for the postponement of
this resolution, is insufficient forme. I am not
willing, for one, to postpone the consideration of
this subject of electing a public printer, for the
purpose of inducing the House to vote alms to the
poor of Washington. I, for one, am willing, with
that object, to put my hand in my own pocket,
and contribute to it; but, sir, has it come to this,
that the House is to postpone such an important
election as this, to afford the gentleman from Ohio
and others an opportunity to pass an unprece-
dented resolution? It is not in order, I know,
now to discuss the question. It is not before the
House. Bat when the time arrives, if this matter
does not pass from before the House, when de-
bate is legitimately in order upon this question,
I shall endeavor to show the House why the res-
olution ought not to pass. I could now show, if
it were proper to take up the time of the House
with the subject, that the House should not post-
pone the election of public printer for any such
purpose. It is true that we have already made
several efforts to elect that have not been success-
ful; but, sir, let us continue to make efforts until
we succeed, unless the gentleman from Ohio has
