1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfc.
873
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. Collamer.
Senate.
xvas opened by unauthorized judges at eight o'clock a. m,,
and at a place"different from that prescribed in the proclam-
ation, and that non-residents surrounded the polls with fire-
arms and voted indiscriminately. Affidavit of Perry Fuller
and E. VV. Moore."
This state of facta, proved by the affidavits of
the judges and of persons on the spot, shows that
the people of the district did not vote, so that the
one thousand and forty-four votes, which were
there cast, were cast by people from abroad. Still
the Legislature, when the case was presented to
them, said," This election ia well enough; " and
the persons returned were permitted to hold their
seats.
The third representative district, which was
composed of parts of two election districts, had,
according to the proclamation, two hundred and
twelve voters; but there were three hundred and
forty-one votes cast; I will read the statement
made by the judges in relation to that election:
"Report of Harrison BAison. and Nathaniel Ramsay,
nndcroath, that they entered upon their duties as judges of
election, and polled some few votes, when they were driven
from the room by a company of armed men from the Stats
of Missouri, who threatened their lives, and commenced to
destroy the house and beat in the door, demanding the right
to vote without swearing to their place of residence; that
having made their escape with the poll-books and certifi-
cates, they were followed by said persons, and the said
papers taken by force.
" Protest of A. B. Woodward and nineteen other persons,
claiming to be citizens of said district, against tl>e election
in said district of A. McDonald, O. H. Brown, and G. W.
Ward, for the reason that several hundred men from the
State of Missouri presented themselves to vote at said elec-
tion, and upon being required by the judges to swear to their
place of residence, they threatened to take the lives of the
judges and tear down the house, and prepared to demolish
the house. One of said judges rau out of the house with
the ballot-box, and the other two were driven from the
ground; that the citizens of the district then left, and the
persons from Missouri proceeded to elect other judges and
hold an election; with affidavit of j. E. Archibald and G.
W. Umburger, with an additional affidavit of Joseph M.
Nace, tending to prove violence and threats of death to any
voter swearing to his residence, and that he was dragged by
force from the window and prevented from voting."
This is the statement made by the judges ap-
pointed by the Governor to conduct the election;
and yet the Legislature said, "all this is well
enough," and the men returned as elected were
permitted to hold their seats.
I will not fatigue the Senate by reading similar
facts in regard to other districts, for I have read
enough to show what was the character of the
elections with which the so-called Legislature
was satisfied; and_I have read enough to show,
if we can believe any of the testimony furnished
by the proper authorities, that these elections
were made by people from abroad, and that the
resident voters did not vote.
This proves that the invasion from Missouri
extended beyond the seven districts where there
was a contest, and went so far as to choose a ma-
jority of the whole Legislature. Having shown
this,l wish now to call attention to another point.
According to the census taken in February there
were in the whole Territory, in all its districts,
two thousand nine hundred and five voters. I
have taken the returns of the votes said to have
been oast on the 30th of March, and I have foot-
ed them all up. It must be remembered that,
when these votes were cast,, the reed residents
took no part, or, at any rate, a very limited part,
in the transaction. Tn some cases, as I have
shown, the people of the Territory went away.
How many of them voted I know not; but there
is no reason, according to the papers before us,
to believe that one third of them voted at that
election. Notwithstanding these facts, according
to my footing up of the returns, there were six
thousand two hundred and ninety-eight votes
cast. In February,when the census was taken,
there were two thousand nine hundred and five
voters in the whole Territory—less than three
thousand,, and yet, in March, over six thousand
votes were cast. You. cannot deduct the three
. thousand from the six thousand, and say that
the remainder shows the extent of the voters
from abroad, because, we have no reason to be-
lieve that more than one third of the real inhab-
itants voted on that occasion. Then there were
more than five thousand votes cast by people
from Missouri; and they spread themselves, as
it appears, over the whole Territory, and in every
district, except, perhaps, one. There may be some
very small precincts to which they did not go;
but, clearly, they went to the great body of the
districts and precincts.
The Settlement of the Territory went on with
great rapidity in the season of 1855. It was the
second year in the progress of the settlements.
The accessions during the year were undoubtedly
very great. The Senate, some time since, called
upon the President of the United States for doc-
uments in relation to Kansas, and also asked for
information as to the present population of the
Territory. He sent us a letter from Mr. Cal-
houn, surveyor general of the Territory, giving
an estimate of the number of inhabitants. How
does he arrive at it ? In October, 1855, there were
two elections for a Delegate in Congress from that
Territory. One was on the day which the Ter-
ritorial Legislature had fixed; and, on that occa-
casion, Mr. Whitfield was elected. Very few
of the free State people voted at that time. They
had fixed on another day for electing a Delegate,
mainly on the ground that they did not wish to
be understood as agreeing to the validity of the
Territorial Legislature. On the day which they
fixed for an election Mr. Reeder was chosen. I
presume the voters at each election did not inter-
fere with the others. I never ascertained whether,
at Mr, Whitfield's election, there were any votes
given for anybody else, but I take it that, if there
were any, they were very few in number.
Mr. TOOMBS. There were thirty-nine votes
given for Reeder at that election. ,
Mr. COLLAMER. It was a mere nominal
amount. Mr. Calhoun undertakes to estimate
the population of the Territory from the mani-
festations of those elections in October last. It
will be observed that this was after the season
for emigration had passed away—seven months
after the election of March. About the period
of that election, or soon afterwards, navigation
opened and emigration rushed into the Territory.
With all the accessions which were made during
the summer, Mr. Calhoun computes the popula-
tion, in October, as deduced from the votes cast
at the Delegate elections in that month, at about
twenty-five thousand. When the census was
taken in February, the whole population was
eight thousand six hundred and one. If his state-
ment is to be relied upon, by October it had in-
creased two hundred per cent.
It is further to be borne in mind, as Mr. Cal-
houn states in his letter, that the friends of Messrs.
Whitfield and Reeder charged fraud on each other
in their respective elections in October. At Whit-
field's election, it was insisted that a considerable
body of people came from Missouri and voted;
and it was also charged that, inasmuch as Reed-
er's election was held without the sanction of
law, people could vote two or three times with
impunity, and they did it. Mr. Calhoun gives
these statements as charges, but he does not un-
dertake to pass upon their truth. Still, the whole
number of votes cast for both Whitfield and
Reeder in October was only about six thousand.
When the population of the Territory had in-
creased from eight thousand in March, to twenty-
five thousand in October, they could not cast more
than six thousand votes, and in that number many
unlawful ones, are supposed to be included. We
find that, as early as March, 1855, when they had
only one third of that population, there was cast
six thousand two hundred and ninety-eight votes.
Where did the additional votes come from ? As
the returns show they were dispersed all over
the Territory. We find them at one district one
hundred miles in the interior, at others, on the
border, and at various places throughout the whole
Territory. Where did they come from? What
did they come for? What did they do there?
What did they themselves say they had done?
What do thfe election returns show that they did ?
The majority report states the proceedings of
a meeting held at Leavenworth during the past
fall for the purpose, as its address stated, of dis-
abusing the public of the wrong impressions which
they had received in regard to affairs in Kansas.
To use a common phrase, it was a white-wash-
ing meeting, at which the Governor, the judges,
and other territorial officers, were the principal
movers. Did that meeting deny this incursion,
this invasion, this usurpation ? Did it apologize
for it ? Did it limit it to a small part of the Ter-
ritory ? It says not one word upon the subject.
This had been the great point of complaint. The
statements made in regard to it had been such as
to make the ears of the community tingle. This
meeting nevef attempted any sort of explanation,
excuse, or denial of the fact. It never attempted
to disabuse the public mind on that subject.
A great deal is said by the people of "Missouri
and in the majority report and elsewhere, that
there were many free-State men in Kansas who
had been sent there by the emigrant aid socie-
ties—that there was an unnatural emigration
prompted by those societies. I think that is
without foundation. Most of the free-State people
who were in Kansas went from the western
States, not from New England. I have no par-
ticular proof of this fact, and I do not wisn to
speak without proof, and, therefore, I shall not
comment upon it. It seems, however, that the
people of Missouri thought their interests, in
regard to slavery, were such that they could
j not allow the territorial election in"Kansas to
be conducted by the settlers. They had to go
there as they viewed it. They did go. They
went, as I have said before, undoubtedly for the
purpose of making the election different from what
it would have been if they had not gone. If this
was not the case, they could not have supposed
it necessary for them to go at all. What was
the trouble ? The difficulty was that a great num-
ber of free-State people had gone there, sufficient,
not only to insure a free State, but to secure a
majority of the Territorial Legislature. When
we look at the returns of the election, however,
what do we find? But one single free-State rep-
resentative was returned as elected in the whole
Territory! Taking all the districts, all the pre-
cincts, all the voting, places, but a single free
State man was returnea to the Legislature.
There having been an invasion which extended
to nearly the whole Territory, and secured the
Legislature, the question arises whether their
action could be in any way sanctified or legiti-
mated by what subsequently occurred. I need
not argue such a question. To my mind it is too
plain to need an argument. If men—the major-
ity of the Assembly—were illegally elected, as I
have endeavored to prove, surely they cannot, by
their own act, make themselves legitimate. They
could not, by any resolutions which they might
pass, make themselves legitimate, when tne foun-
dation of their action was usurpation. But it
may be asked, why did not the people protest?
I have shown why they did not protest to the
Governor, and that was the only place where
they knew that they could protest. They did it
in some cases, and in others their protests did not
arrive in season. Some were sc scattered that
they could not do it at all. It is said that they
■might have protested when the Legislature assem-
bled. Let me ask gentlemen how was that Legis-
lature composed ? What redress was to be ex-
pected there ? What a mockery to go there at
all!
Besides, the people never had an opportunity
to protest before the Legislature. They assem-
bled on the second day of July. It is said that,
on the day when they assembled, they passed a
resolution offering to receive protests against the
sitting members. It is true that they did pass
such a resolution. It must be remembered, how-
ever, that they were sitting at Pawnee City—far
in the interior—a place where they said they could
not get accommodation for themselves. How long
did they wait for people to present any protests
under that resolution ? On the second day after-
wards they passed on the whole question.
What was the real object of that resolution ?
If it was for the purpose of receiving protests
from the people, some notice should have been
given to the people; but they had no notice of it.
The true purpose is obvious from the result.
There had Deen an election which the Governor
set aside in seven districts, and in these cases he
ordered a second election. Members had taken
their seats with certificates under that new elec-
tion. _ The object of asking for protests was to
set aside those men elected at the second election,
and they did turn out every one of them on the
ground that the Governor had no business to set
aside the returns given at the first election. What
did they do next? They admitted the nine rep-
resentatives whom I understand it is now con-
