1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1983
would not be worth the paper on which it was
written without the consent of Oshkosh, the prin-
cipal chief; and to this increased compensation
was annexed a condition that Oshkosh's consent
should be obtained to the treaty, which was sub-
sequently obtained.
The Senate can now see what was precisely
the extent of the services of Mr. Thompson.
To his agency, and the consideration which he
had imputed to this claim of the Indians, is to
be attributed, to some extent, the obtaining of the
advance of $92,000. For obtaining that he has
some kind of right to compensation.
I do not entertain any extreme opinions about
this case. I am certainly exempt from any of
those personal sympathies and feelings into which
it seems to have degenerated. I am anxious to
see the claimant awarded a just and fair compen-
sation; but I believe that is far beneath what the
Senate has thought proper heretofore to allow,
but I am more anxious to see it awarded to him
upon a just and tenable principle. The United
States Senate have not, I think, since I have been
a member of this body, ever undertaken to take
Indian attorneys' compensation out of the an-
nuities of the Indians without their consent.
They have never gone further than to sanction
the payment when authorized by the Indians. I
think I can say that that runs through, and is a
distinguishing feature of, the entire code of policy
which has been pursued towards the Indians
with the sanction of the Senate. I am unwilling
that Mr. Thompson should obtain compensation
upon any other principle than that on which any
other creditors of the Indians can obtain remu-
neration for services performed. I have some
recollection of the case of Amos and John E. Ken-
dall, which never obtained more than ten or twelve
votes here, but which, in my opinion, is a much
stronger case than this.
I believe that whatever measure of compensa-
tion you may award this claimant must, as a
matter of legal necessity, be by the consent of
the Indians. What is the basis of that opinion?
Because, by the solemnity of a treaty, wc have
declared that we will pay this very sum of
$92,000 with the $150,000 to which itwas added,
m the form of annual payments, commencing in
1867. Can you, by any instrument of less dig-
nity, release yourselves from the obligation of that
payment? If you seize upon this money by mere
strong hand, and appropriate it to Thompson,
by what kind of pretext will you vindicate your-
selves against the just reclamation of the Indians
on the final settlement? Will they not say, "You I
were but a trustee; you took our trust-moneys
the payment of which was guarantied by a treaty |
and against our solemn protest you paid them to i
our attorney upon a debt which we had, in open
council, repudiated."
But it is said that, although the terms of the
law required this, the assent of the Indians was
not obtained because of improper interference of
the officers of the Government. Admit that that
may be so, the fact is, nevertheless, that the con-
sent lias not been obtained. What is the just and
logical consequence to be deduced from that?
The most that can be asked is, that the question
of consent shall be submitted again under fairer
auspices, and those which will afford the party
no just cause to complain, f have had it in my
mind, if the matter should be referred again to the
committee, to report a just and liberal compen-
sation, and require that proposition to be put
before the Indians with such sanctions as would
secure at least an impartial consideration by them,
free from the interposition of what the claimant
himself might consider improper iniluences.
ljufoio dosing my remarks I must say, as an
act of justice to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, that 1 profess to have been acquainted
with his official and unofficial opinions on this
matter from the time when it first became a sub-
ject of discussion; and I feel warranted in saying
to the Senate, that there has been no time at
which,"if it had been referred to him, he would
not, on the principle of quantum meruit, have
allowed a fair and liberal compensation to Thomp-
son. 1 think he is prepared to do so yet. _ The
contest which he has made, and I think justly
made, was to the attempt to enforce literally, ac-
cording to its terms, the provision of a contract
with tiie Indians, that in my opinion was never
obtained under such solemnities as would con-
vince us that it was altogether fair, and that they
understood its full purport and object.
As to the consent which it is alleged was ob-
tained from the Indians prior to the passage of
the law, it is enough to say, that it was not done
in a council of the nation. The men of authority,
and the chiefs, may hove sanctioned it; but that
is not the way in which the Menomonees, accord-
ing to their ancient and immemorial usage, have
done business. I do not think we ought to award
recognition to any act of the Indians, unless it is
done in open council, under auspices that guar-
anty fairness and impartiality; and it should, by
all means, be done in the presence of the United
States officers. I know to what abuses they are
subjected. Without the presence of friends and
advisers, they are turned over to the schemes of
artful men. I do not say that this is a case of
that kind, for I have great personal regard for the
claimant; but I do insist, that, before he obtains
even a just compensation, he must resort to those
forms and solemnities which will secure to the
Indian a fair consideration of the services per-
formed for him, and obtain his fair and honest
consent; not only because that is just, but because
it is an indispensable formality to prevent the
Government from being subjected to reclamation
for the payment of this amount again to the
Indians.
Mr. TOOMBS. I must express my very great
surprise at the course of the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs. The question was
before the committee; the parties were heard; and
I supposed the opinion of the committee was
unanimous when I was directed to make this
report—ccrtainly by the concurrence of the chair-
man. Wo had the Commissioner's statement
before us, at length, and came to a conclusion.
Now, without detaining the Senate, I wish to
correct some statements made by the Senator as
to the principle upon which the Government acts.
We do take Indian money by a standing law of
this country, from the treaty of Greenville till
now, under all of our intercourse acts, and espe-
cially the act of 1834. The principles which the
Senator lays down are not maintainable any-
where. If the Indians be sovereign and independ-
ent nations, it is your duty to enforce the con-
tracts they make with your citizens, and collect
the debts owing to them. You went to war with
Mexico avowedly upon that principle. You
issued letters of marque, in 1799, against France,
on the same ground. It is the right of the Gov-
ernment, though it is not always obliged to do it,
to go to war to make another sovereign pay your
citizens what he owes tliein. Now, it seems that
the Indians arc sovereign beyond all sovereigns.
I care not how many treaties they have got, if
they owe money to your citizens you can make
them pay—you have the right. You have the
right to exact that from the greatest and proudest
sovereignty on earth. You are not compelled to
do it. You must look to the condition of the
country, and the national danger; but itis your
duty to do it, and your duty if you can do it.
You make other people pay the debts which they
owe to you: why shall not Indians do the same
thing: The true condition in which we stand to
the Indians, is, that this Government makes its
own contracts with them. This contract was
done in the Indian office, and signed by the Com-
missioner. The assent of the Cherokees and
Creeks, in council, by which attorneys have been
paid, has not been a subsequent consent; but
generally, as in this case, a consent has been
obtained, and then the parties come before Con-
gress and exhibit it. I can show the chairman,
though he has been for years upon that commit-
tee, more than ten instances in which the very
course here pursued was pursued; and it is a just
course.
It is true we are the guardians of the Indians.
The fact is that we make the contracts on both
sides. We ought to use uberrima fides with them;
they are in our power. We should not only be (
just, but generous to them. Surely it is our duty :
to make our own wards, whom we protect, whose
contracts wc set aside if hurtful to them, carry
out contracts which are beneficial to them. The
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] has suggested
to me that the State of Iowa employs an agent
to prosecute her claims against this Government.
My own State has done the same thing, and has
paid compensation to the agent. Other sovereign
States do it. Citizens who hare cJaim&<agaitist
the Government find it necessary to ge£^ profes-
sional advice. Have we not gone far enough
when we have said that the Indians shall not be
bound by the contract, but that a quantum meruit
shall be allowed ? This is what I understood the
Indian Committee had done unanimously in this
case. I say the claim is just; the money ought
to be paid; and I have no doubt that but, for the
quarrel of Manypenny, there would not be a dis-
senting vote in the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. I have been for several years
a member of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and I learn from the chairman to-day, for the
first time, that reports are made from that com-
mittee, and sent to the country in the name of the
committee, which do not receive the sanction of
the committee. I am not aware of any such
report being made with my consent. I find; in
reference to this case, that Mr. Walker, on the
14th of February, 1853, before I took my. seat
here, reported "that the amount justly and equi-
tably due from the United States to the Menom-
onee Indians, is $613,515 36. This sum is the
very least, in the opinion of the committee, which
will discharge the claims of justice on the Gov-
ernment in favor of the Menomonee Indians."
That report has stood upon the records of the
country from the 14th of February, 1853, to this
hour; and now, for the first time, I learn from
the chairman that it was a sort of accommodation
to Mr. Walker that he was allowed to make the
•report. All I have to say on that branch of the
subject is, that this is a species of amiability
which deserves to be rebuked. When reports
are put on the records of the country, we natu-
rally recur to them as authentic, and rely upon
them. I always supposed that" that paper was
what it purported to be—the report of the com-
mittee. It was so stated, and there was no
minority report from any quarter showing any-
thing to the contrary. The Senator from Arkan-
sas tells us that he said something in the course
of the debate to qualify it. I do not ordinarily
go to the debates to see what the reports of com-
mittees are. If a report is made in the name of a'
committee and there is no minority report, I
assume that it is the report of the V/4iolc commit-
tee. I have a right so to assume.
When I came into the Senate, I was put at
once on the Committee on Indian Affairs. I came
here some time after the session commenced, and
when a vacancy occurred in the committee, I was
put on it. I have been on it ever since, and J
never learned until this hour that this report was
not correct. I know very well that, since I have
been a member of the committee, the subject has.
been discussed again and again; it became a mat-
ter of serious controversy; and a map was made
out showing the lines of the territory which was
purchased under the treaty of 1848, and fixing the
amount of land which the Government had
acquired from these Indians. The fact is- con-
fessed by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
that whereas you bought from the Indians three
million and thirty-five thousand acres, you got,
according to actual survey, 1 think, nearly seven
millions of acres. This mistake was made by the
use of an incorrect map—confessedly incorrect—
confessed to be so by the Indian bureau, the
Interior Department, and everybody who ever
looked at the subject.
Mr. BUTLER. Who presented that map?
Mr. BPiOWN. The commissioner who nego-
tiated the treaty. He took it to the Indian coun-
try. The initial point was a small lake, sup-
posed to be in a particular degree of latitude and
longitude, and so laid down on that map; but
when you came to survey the country accurately,
the lake was not in the right place on the map
by more than a degree. Then a promontory, to
which the line was to be run, was not in the
right place. The whole map was wrong. The
commissioner confessed himself to have been led
into a gross error. The Interior Department, as
its documents show, confess that an error was
made to the amount of millions of acres of land.
Who unraveled all this mystery? Was it the
Government? Was it Commissioner Many-
penny? Was it anybody connected with the
Government? No, sir; it was Thompson, the
attorney of the Indians, who did it. That was
the service he rendered them—bringing to light
all these errors, making them so patent that no
