1110
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
and that he believed it to be the most eligible
location in the city. If it be the fact that the
erection of this building would affect any institu-
tion which we might desire to locate on that
piece of ground hereafter, I should be unwilling
to favor the measure; but I understand that such
is not the case.
The inquiry proposed by my resolution is
directed to another point—whether there is any
oth^f piece of ground where the Jocation could be
made. We have incurred considerable expense
in this undertaking, but I believe it will be ad-
mitted on all sides that if we obtain a proper loca-
tion, the institution will be a useful one, not only
to the District volunteer companies, but for the
deposit of our trophies and of models of arms, for
the reception of which we have at present no
suitable building.
'My object is simply to be informed on the sub-
ject. If the Senate adopt the resolution, and the
response should not be in conformity with what
I anticipate, I shall act as I have done heretofore.
I have presented it without any communication on
the subject with the President or with any other
officer of the Government, for I have not con-
ferred with them. If the answer shall not satisfy
my mind of the propriety of this location, and
if the damage will not be so large as to forbid the
idea of incurring the loss of the money already
expended, I shall concur with the majority of
the Senate in the view which they expressed on
a previous occasion, and will join with them in
voting to dispense with the building altogether.
I cannot imagine, however, that much time will
elapse before we receive a response to the resolu-
tion, if -it be adopted. I shall be glad if the Senate
will agree to it, so that we may be informed as
fully as possible on the subject.
Mr. CASS. I do not myself precisely under-
stand the positions of these public reservations.
I so stated the other day, and I inquired for in-
formation; which, however, I did not get. I wish
to know if, in the original deeds and plats mark-
ing these grounds and conveying them to the
United States, they are appropriated to any spe-
cific purpose, or if the title generally is in the
United States; and if so, what is meant by
"encroachment?" Is there any portion of the
Government—executive, legislative, or judiciary
—that has the right to determine to what purpose
these reservations shall be applied? I take it for
franted that there must be some power of this
ind; for, since the commencement of the Gov-
ernment, we have undertaken to put buildings—
encroachments as they are called—on many of
these reservations. Before I act on this subject,
I should like to ascertain who has any power
over these reservations. That somebody has,
and has exercised it, is manifest to us all.
I have looked a little into the subject, as I said
the other day, and I am inclined to believe that
the place selected for the location of the armory
is an excellent one. I agree with the gentle-
man from Alabama. I have looked at the map,
and the location selected is on one corner. No
matter for what that corner was intended—no
matter what prior arrangements may have been
made in respect to it—there it is, and we must
look at things as they now are. The location is
on an almost isolated' corner of that lot, which, it
seems to me, cannot be appropriated to anything
else. If, however, as the honorable Senator from
Mississippi seems to think, the erection of this
building is an encroachment, without law, which
nobody has authority to make, certainly T do not
wish to assist in making it; but I should like to
know the nature of the conveyances of these res-
ervations, and who has any control over them.
^Mr. BROWN. I think that I can give my
friend from Michigan the information which he
desires. I have given it once or twice in the
Senate, but we are not alwavs attentive to what
is said here. I am not very attentive myself, and
therefore do not biame others for not being so.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator will par-
don me for interrupting him. When I put the
question on a former occasion, the only answer
I got was from the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas.]
Mr. BROWN. I am not responsible for his
answer.
Mr. CASS. I should have attended to the
honorable Senator if I had understood that he was
speaking on this point.
Mr. BROWN. By the deeds of cession from
the original proprietors of the soil on which the
city ofWashington now stands, the streets and
reservations were to be for the use of the people
of the United States. According to the construc-
tion given to these deeds by the early Presidents
—I mean by General Washington, who approved
the original plan of the city, by the elder Adams,
and by Mr. Jefferson—and the first Attorneys Gen-
eral of the United States, Messrs. Lee and Breck-
enridge—it was adjudged that these reservations
mustbe kept as such, in perpetuity, without waste
and without encroachment. It was held that the
original proprietors, having deeded the soil, had
the right to impose such limitations upon the use
of it as they thought proper to impose. They
authorized the President to approve the plan of the
city, which authority was subsequently exercised
by General Washington. The streets and reser-
vations being laid down in that original plan in
accordance with the deeds of the conveyance from
the original proprietors, it was adjudged, and I
think correctly, that they were not subject to
encroachment or use of any sort, except that
which was designated by the"original proprietors.
I know that Congress has from time to time de-
parted from that rule until several of the reserva-
tions have been wholly destroyed, and the beauty
of others sadly marred; but I think that the time
has come when Congress ought to interpose to
prevent any further encroachment. It was in
this view of the case that the committee reported
their bill; not, as seems to be thought in the ex-
ecutive branch of the Government, to rebuke any-
body there; not for the purpose of saying to the
President " You have erred;" not for the purpose
of saying to the Secretary of War, "You have
done wrong;" but simply for the purpose of pre-
serving the plan of the city, as originally approved
by General Washington, in accordance with the
deeds of cession from the proprietors of the soil.
Now, sir, in reference to this Mall I will say,
that if my friend from Michigan will take the
trouble to step into the room of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, and ask for the original plan
of Washington city, as approved and signed in
autograph by General Washington, he will there
find it; and then, if he will take that and com-
pare it with one of the modern maps, he will
see to what extent these encroachments have
already gone. Why, sir, do you know that these
very squares which surround the Capitol, and
which you are now seeking to buy back from
the present proprietors, were once reservations—
reservations according to the plan approved by
the Father of his Country ? In an evil hour some
penny-wise-and-pound-foohsh man thought it
would be a good thing to sell those squares, and
you got a few thousand dollars for them. I un-
dertake to say, that this Congress would pay
to-day, for four squares surrounding this Capitol,
with a view to a proper extension of its grounds,
more than you have received for the whole city
of Washington together. The Treasury of the
United States has received about seven hundred
and seven thousand dollars for this whole city.
Every dollar you ever received from every lot
in the city of Washington .does not amount to
$707,500. This system of going on and selling
out these public reservations, because it suits the
purpose of somebody to have them sold, has
been carried to a ruinous extent to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. CASS. I do not precisely understand what
the honorable Senator from Mississippi means by
"encroachments." Does he mean that, to put a
building of any description on one of these reserv-
ations, is an encroachment?
Mr. BROWN. I do.
Mr. CASS. Then why do we sit in this build-
ing if it is an encroachment?
Mr. BROWN. Allow me to say to my friend
from Michigan that, in the original plan of the
city, certain reservations were designed for public
buildings; certain ground was devoted to the
President's House; another portion to the Cap-
itol, and so on; but then there were other reserva-
tions that were not, according to the plan, to be
occupied by buildings at all. That is the point.
Mr. CASS. I understand that; but I wish to
know how that came about? Was the deed from
the owners of the soil to the United States that
all the squares should be opened? or was the
existing President, for the time being, authorized
to assign encroachments or buildings to certain of
them ? That is what I want to know. Is the
provision in the deed of cession to the United
States a general one? or is the Executive to say
which shall have encroachments, whether they
be on the original map or not? Was that a por-
tion of the deed of cession ? In other words,
did it provide that the Capitol should be here?
Mr. BROWN. I do not mean to say that the
deed of cession does that; but I say that it author-
ized reservations. The President, in approving
the plan of the city—which he was authorized to
approve by the deed—designated this particular
spot of ground as the place -where the Capitol
should stand. The ground on which the Presi-
dent's house now stands was designed for the
President's house; and the public Mall as a res-
ervation for public uses. That is what I contend
for.
Mr. CASS. That is what I say; but I take it
for granted, on looking at this subject, that if any
portion of these encroachments violated the rights
of the owners, somebody in this lapse of sixty
years would have found it out and instituted a
suit. It seems to me to be as certain as any fact
in the world can be, that it could never have been
a serious question whether the act of this Gov-
ernment so encroached on these reservations as
to be a forfeiture of title.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend will turn his at-
tention to the case of Van Ness vs. the United
States, he will find that one point which he raises
was there adjudicated. Van Ness and wife under-
took to recover the property which was already
sold in some of the reservations—the numbers of
which I do not recollect—near the front of the
Capitol. The court, as I understand it, in that
case—though I have not studied it very closely,
for it is a long case—decided that the proprietors
could not claim a reinvestiture of the property in
themselves, not having provided that it should
reinvest in case of its being used for any other
purpose; but they did not decide that the Gov-
ernment of the United States had the right to sell
the property. They only decided that the sale
would not have thatcffect, the grantors not having
made any such special reservation in the deed of
cession.
Mr. CASS. In other words, it did not amount
to a forfeiture. As I have said, I do not under-
stand the subject. The honSrable Senator has
studied it more than I have. I only repeat my
idea, that this building is in a good place. One
remark the honorable Senator has made, to which
I will advert: He says that we have received from
the sale of lots in Washington only about seven
hundred thousand dollars, and that they were sold
low. Mr. President, that is the case with every
town ever laid out in the United States. You
necessarily, if you are making a town, sell your
lots low at first; and looking back, after the sub-
sequent rise in property, you fancy that you have
made an immense sacrifice; and yet the property
may have brought its full value at the time; and
a few years after the increase of any considerable
town, it has been found that, perhaps, one lot
would be worth all the lots which had been sold
from the commencement of the settlement of the
town. I have no doubt that this is more or less
the case here.
Mr. BROWN. My friend seems to have mis-
apprehended my object m alluding to that point.
I certainly did not mean to say that the Govern-
ment had not sold the lots for a large sum of
money; I dare say we got enough for them. The
point which I made was, that we had impruvi-
dently sold out and disposed of these reservations
for very small sums of money, and that now,
when we wanted them back again, it would re-
quire a larger amount to obtain three or four
squares than we received for the whole city ori-
ginally. I wanted to use it as an argument why
these reservations should be kept, and not squan-
dered away lightly. Here are seventeen acres of
ground-in the very heart of the city, which you
propose to occupy with a little armory to cost
$30,000. My friend from Michigan thinks that
this is a proper place for it. 1 think that it is a
very improper place. I know that thpy point
out to you a spot in one corner, and they say,
" It will not be much in the way; it will not ob-
struct the view from anywhere; it stands here at
a little angle;" but in tile very act of putting it
there you make another corner, another angle,
