1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1111
■which is, after awhile, to be occupied by another
building; and that is the way' you go on corner-
ing and angling, until you will destroy the whole
seventeen acres in the heart of the city. I want
to keep it there as the Park has been kept in the
city ofN<jw York; as old Independence Square
has been kept in the city of Philadelphia; as the
Common has been kept in the city of Boston. It
was so designed by the Father of his Country; and
never, never, with my consent, shall you dedi-
cate one inch of it to any purpose not designed by
George Washington when he signed the plan of
the city.
The resolution was agreed to.
treasurer's report.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The Treasurer's
report, communicating his accounts for the sec-
ond, third, and fourth quarters of 1854, and the
first and second quarters of 1855, has been pre-
sented to the Senate, and by accident, I suppose,
or inadvertence, no order was made for the print-
ing of the document. It contains the expendi-
tures of the Government for the periods which I
have mentioned, and I suppose there will be no
objection to ordering its printing.
The motion to print was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The following- House bills were severally read
twice, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 261) to alter and amend "An act
to appropriate money to remove obstructions in
the Savannah river below the city of Savannah,
in the State of Georgia," approved March 3,
1855; to the Committee on Commerce.
A bill (H. R. No. 13) granting the right of
way to the St. Louis and Iron Mountain railroad
through the arsenal,magazine, and Jefferson bar-
racks tracts; to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
naval retiring board.
Mr. PRATT. I have been requested by the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] who has
the floor on the unfinished business of yesterday—
the resolutions of the Senator from Georgia in
regard to the naval board—to say that he is too
indisposed to proceed with his argument to-day,
and to ask that that question be postponed until
to-morrow, when he hopes to be able to con-
clude his remarks.
lands for railroads.
Mr. YULEE. I am satisfied, from the remarks
of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] yesterday morning, that he has misappre-
hended the tenor of the bill which was then un-
der consideration—the bill (S. No. 3) to provide
for the sale, by preemption, of certain portions
of the public lands to the States in which they lie.
I admit that it is an important measure, and I
have no disposition to precipitate action upon it:
therefore I propose now to move that the bill
be postponed to, and made the special order for,
Thursday, the 15th of May, and I invite the at-
tention of Senators to the subject in the interval.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no disposition to inter-
fere with the making of that bill a special order
if it will not conflict with prior orders.
Mr. WELLER. It will give it no advance at
all.
Mr. ADAMS. The bill to amend the natural-
ization laws was made the special order for next
Monday. It will have to yield, I knowvto the
Kansas question, on which the Senator from
Michigan has the floor, but I do not wish any
other special orders to interfere with it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Is this the bill to sell on
credit lands to several States?
Mr. YIJLKE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Florida to postpone
its consideration to the 15th instant, and make it
the special order for one o'clock on that day.
The motion was agreed to.
river and harbor bills.
Mr. STUART. Inasmuch as the discussion
on the naval question cannot proceed to-day, and
is to be postponed until to-morrow, I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of a prior
order—the river and harbor bills.
The PRESIDENT. The first question will
fee on taking up the special order for to-day, and
postponing it until to-morrow, at one o'clock.
The motion to take up the resolutions in re-
gard to the naval board was agreed to, and their
further consideration was postponed until to-mor-
row.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the motion of the Senator from Michigan to take
up the river and harbor bills.
The motion was agreed to.
savannah river.
The PRESIDENT. The first bill on the Cal-
endar is (S. No. 123) to amend the act passed
March 3, 1855, for the improvement of the Sa-
vannah river.
Mr. STUART. In respect to that bill I will
make a suggestion which 1 hope the Senate will
adopt. The House of Representatives yesterday
passed a bill upon the same subject. It has been
received this morning, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I therefore propose to pass
over this bill, and consider hereafter the one which
has passed the House, on which the whole ques-
tion will arise and can be determined.
Mr. TOOMBS. Do I understand the Senator
to propose to refer the bill to the committee ?
Mr. STUART. The other bill has been re-
ferred, and I'suggest that this be passed over
until the bill be reported back.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the appropriate course,
and I hope it will take that direction.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be post-
poned until to-morrow.
harbors in wisconsin.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is (S. No. 88) for continuing the improve-
ment of the harbor of Manitowoc, Wisconsin.
Mr. DODGE. There is a report from the To-
pographical Bureau in relation to the improvement
of this and other harbors in Wisconsin, which I
desire to examine. I shall not conclude that ex-
amination until the day after to-morrow. I there-
fore ask that this bill may be deferred until I can
have a meeting of the Committee on Commerce.
Entirely new and different estimates have been
sent to us. The estimates upon which the Wis-
consin harbor bills are predicated were made th rec
years ago. We have an estimate, which was fur-
nished yesterday, which I have r.ot had time to
examine, and which I wish to bring before the
Committee on Commerce at their meeting to-
morrow. I desire to bring my bills within the
amount of the present estimates, and 1 therefore
ask for a postponement of them until I can have
the report of the Denattment considered by the
committee. ***'
The PR.ESIDENT. If there be no objection
the bill will be postponed until to-morrow. The
Chair hears no objection.
The same order was made on the motion of
Mr. Dodge in reference to the bills for continuing
the improvement of the harbors of Racine, Keno-
sha, Sheboygan, and Milwaukee, respectively.
harbor of ontonagon.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the.
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 35) making
an appropriation for the construction of a harbor
at the mouth of Ontonagon river, on Lake Superior,
in the State of Michigan.
It proposes to appropriate §25,000 for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Ontona-
gon river, on Lake Superior, in the State of
Michigan, to be expended under the direction of
the War Department. The Secretary of War is
to let the contract for the construction of this har-
bor to such person or persons as he shall think
proper who will agree to complete it for the
amount appropriated, with such sureties, and
according to such plan, as shall bo approved by
him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
diplomatic appropriation bill.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ccllom, their Clerk, announced the pas-
sage of a bill (H. R. No. 152) making appropri-
ations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1857.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
HARBOR AT MARQUETTE.
The bill (S. No. 36) making an appropriation
for the construction of a harbor at Marquette, on
Lake Superior, in the State of Michigan, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $25,000 for the con-
struction of a harbor at Marquette, to be ei*
pended under the direction of the War Depart-
ment. The Secretary of Waristo let the contract
for the construction of this harbor to such person
or persons as he shall think proper, who wilt
agree to complete it for the amount appropriated,
with such sureties, and according to such plan,
as shall be approved by him.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time; and
the question was stated to be: " Shall the bill
pass ?"
Mr. ADAMS. I do not wish to consume the
time of the Senate by having a separate vote
taken on each one of these bills, as I apprehend
that all of them stand on the same basis; but, to
avoid the construction which seems to be given,
that where there is no division every Senator
present assents to the passage of a bill, I ask, as
a test vote on this measure, not knowing any-
thing about it, that the yeas and nays may be
taken on it. 1 do this to avoid the trouble of
taking them on other bills of the same character.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should like to
know whether this bill is a fair test of the sense
of the Senate on the general question > I under-
stand, from the reading of the bill, that the appro-
priation now proposed is for a new work. I
should like to have some explanation of it. I
shall vote for river and harbor improvements
where the merits of them are understood and have
been explained to the Senate; but in this case I
have no knowledge on the subject, and therefore
I am not prepared to any whether the work is of
such importance that I can sanction it.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator is correct
in saying that this is a new work. It is on Lake
Superior, where not a dollar has ever been ex-
pended by the United States. The local business
of the lake has only arisen within the last three
or four years. Its southern shore, along which
we coasted formerly, is a very dangerous one,
with few harbors. I have traversed the lake
three times myself to its utmost extent. Storms
arise suddenly and rage very violently there.
There are but two harbor appropriations now-
proposed, for an extent of five hundred miles
along the lake, from the Sault St. Marie to Fond
du Lac. This is one of them; the other is for
the harbor of Ontonagon. They are both in the
center of importantpositions in the mineral region
where copper and iron abound. The works are
absolutely necessary for the safety of niviga-
tion.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. We have usually
required other information, such as the report of
engineers on a proper rcconnoissance, and an esti-
matefromtheDepartment. Idonotknowwhether
we have thcJSe data here. I have no desire to trou-
ble the Senate; but as it is proposed by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi to take a test vote on this
question, and as the Senator from Virginia seems
to insist on it, I wish to know what I am doing
when I give my vote in favor of ft new work of
this description. I desire to ascertain whether it
is fortified by all the evidence and by all the
proofs which are usually exhibited to us in regard
to the propriety, public utility, and necessity of
such a work. When the question is presented
in this imposing shape, as a test of the sentiment
of the Senate now in 1856, upon these measures,
we ought to be well informed as to the character
and utility of the work proposed, and the neces-
sity of improving the facilities of internal trade
in the country by this protection to commerce.
This general subject has been regarded as stand-
ing on great principles, and as well fortified by
the powers given in the Constitution to the Con-
gress of the United States. Is the present such
a case as that ? Is it an improvement of a na-
tional character? Is it connected directly, cer-
tainly, and truly with the interests of navigation
and of commerce in that section of the union r
Those who have heretofore sustained such meas-
ures have done it on the principle, that whatever
was of general importance to the commerce &r
