1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
, ^ :   .* ■' , ; r: v: r.';~ ;• -
375
34th Cong 1st Ssss.
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. Collamer.
Senate.
carried into execution by the whole military power
of this nation. We are told by the Senator from
Illinois, that not only the people of Kansas who
hare been subdued will be trod upon, bat that
those of us who make objection to it will be sub-
dued. H« says, "W* mean to subdue you."
Perhaps, it may be so. This manifesto is, in
substance, this: All you who would sustain and
restore the Missouri compromise; all who are op-
posed to the extension of slavery into free terri-
tory; all who will not approve of the subjugation
of freemen by force, that shivery may succeed,
and thus the relative weight of the slave States
be made, though a decided minority, forever par-
amount in this Government, are to be tubdued.
1 know very well that there is power in the Gov-
ernment of the United States to crush out the
people of Kansas. 1 know that justice may be
denied where it ought to be granted. If that be
so, it will be but the beginning of the end. No
quiet and peaceful results can flow from such a
course. The sentiment of liberty and justice of
the people of this oountry cannot be subdued.
Party may succeed for a time, but the final tri-
umph of truth and justice is certain.
. But, sir, what did the people of Kansas en-
deavor to do? They coula get no relief from the
courts or the President,- ana what did they do ?
They presumed to assemble together and to dis-
cuss the matter in various meetings. Finally they
appointed delegatea to form a State constitution
to be presented to Congress. The majority of the
committee say that these proceedings have been
taken by the people for rebellious and treasonable
purposes,ana not with a view to present the con-
stitution here. Indeed, I think the Senator from
Illinois said that it would be news to them, de-
rived from the minority report, that such was the
purpose which they entertained. He says their
purpose was treason against the United States. I
differ entirely with the Senator about that matter.
1 take the ground that they did all this for the
purpose of forming a constitution to be presented
to Congress for its action. I do not wish to.be
understood as denying that a large body of the
people have considered that the laws of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature, the fruits of usurpation and
violence, had no legal binding force; but that was
not the purpose for which they assembled and
made a constitution. How in candor are we to
get at the purposes of a body of men? Iam aware
that there is in the world a sort of morbid species
of adventurous credulity in men who refuse to
follow the open, beaten track of truth, and prefer
resorting to the improbabilities of circumstances
as a better and a safer ground of duty. Such men
in the ordinary walks of life always see a great
deal further into a. millstone than anybody else.
If they agree with you, they never do for the
reason which you give. They always have a wiser
reason. Perhaps, air, you have heard the story
of the old Dutchman, wno said that ahorse could
draw more down hill than up, and it stood to
reason, because he could get- a better foot-hold
then. [Laughter.} He coufdnot be satisfied, that
it was by the attraction of gravitation.
I say that in this case the character of the ma-
jority report is mucb lika this, t The plain and
beaten track of candor, it seems to me, is always
to judge^ef the purposes of people as they avow
them and present them- - When we talk of the
doctrines of a party, or the creed or faith of a re-
ligious sect, we take their own version, and not
a perversion. Now let us see what the people
of Kansas state to be their object. The first
meeting which they held was before the legis-
lative session terminated, while that body was
yet sitting. A notice was issued Bigned " Many
Citizens," calling for a meeting of the people with-
out regard to party distinctions, to be held at
Lawrence on the 15th of August, to discuss their
situation. Now let us see what the people of
Lawrence said about their purposes. Among
their proceedings I find this resolution:
"Beit retoleei, That we, the people of Kansas Territory,
in mass meeting assembled, irrespective of party distinc-
tions, influenced by a common necessity, and greatly desir-
ous of promoting the common good, do hereby call upon
and request all bona (tie citizens of Kansas Territory, of
whatever political views or predilections, to consult to-
gether in their respective eleetion districts, and, in mass
convention or otherwise, elect three delegates for each rep-
rescaUNlm of km legislative Assembly, by proclamation
of Governor Reader of date 10th of March, 1855; said del-
egates to assemble in convention at the town of Tope ka, on
the 19th day of September, 1855, then and thereto con-
sider and determine upon all subjects of public interest,
and particularly upon that having reference to the speedy
formation of a State constitution, with an intention of an
immediate application to be admitted as a State into the
Union of the United States of America."
Here their purposes are clcarly stated. They
called a meeting to assemble at Topeka, on the
19th of September, to consider whether it was
not best to form a State constitution, with a view
to application to Congress for admission into the
Union. That is distinctly printed in their pub-
lished proceedings. Now, what would be the
natural course of investigation ? I take it that it
would be to look at the action of the meeting of
the 19th of September, which the Lawrence meet-
ing called. I take it that the natural way is not
to run off into collateral and party meetings, held
in the tnean time, but to go to the meeting which
this one called, and see what was there said. The
people met at Topeka on the 19th of September,
and what did they say there ?
Before I go further on this point, perhaps it
may be proper to inquire what had the people a
right to do in order to obtain redress ? Had they
si right to form a State constitution? I know
there are many cases where there has been in the
first place an enabling act of Congress to author-
ize the people of the Territory to form a State con-
stitution, but there are many cases where the Ter-
ritories have formed State constitutions without
any law of Congress authorizing it. Could the fact,
that the Territorial Legislature called a constitu-
tional convention, give it any additional validity?
I say it is in the nature of things beyond their
power to do anything to create a government
paramount to themselves. So said Attorney
General Butler, when consulted by President Van
Buren in relation to the Arkansas case. He
stated, that if a Territorial Legislature passed such
a law it would be utterly void.
Now, what has been the course in regard to
the formation of State constitutions by Terri-
tories? The first Territory which we ever had,
Tennessee, formed a State constitution without
the authority of a previous act of Congress. They
organized a government, chose Senators, sent
their constitution with their Senators, who pre-
sented it, and were admitted. The State of
Arkansas formed its constitution without any
enabling act of Congress. Michigan, Florida,
and Iowa, formed their constitutions in the same
way. I do not allude to California, because I
am confining myself to those cases where terri-
torial governments existed by authority of Con-
gress.
Attorney General Butler said, in the Arkansas
case, that the people, under the clause of the United
States Constitution allowing them to assemble for
redress of grievances, may form a State consti-
, tution, and organize a government, so far as is
i necessary to choose agents to represent them
here. Whait did these people do ? By virtue of
the call'made by the Lawrence meeting, there
was a convention held at Topeka on the 19th of
September. Did they propose to proceed against
the action of Congress ? Let us see what they
say:
" Whereas the Constitution of the Urjited States guar-
anties to the people of this Republic the right of assembling
together in a peaceable manner for the common good, to
' establish Juatioe, iasure domestic tranquillity, provide for
the common defense, promote the general welfare, and
secdre the blessings of liberty to themselves and their pos-
terity;* and whereas the citizens of Kansas Territory were
prevented (torn electing member* of a Legislative Assembly,
m punuaaceof the proclamation of Governor Seeder, on
the. 30th of March, last, by invading forces from foreign
States coming into the Territory and forcing upon the people
' a Legislature of non-residents and others, inimical to the
1 interests of the people of Kansas Territory, defeating the
object of the organje act, in eoqseqnenee of which the ter-
i rilorial government became a perfect failure, and the .people
were left without any legal government, until their patience
has become exhausted, and 'endurance ceases to be a.
virtueand thejrare .compelled to resort to the only remedy
left i that of forming a government for themselves; there-
fore, . . ..
" Retolved by tie people of Katua* Territory, in delegate
amrention amemiUed, That an election shall be held in the
I sevoalclection precinct* of this Territory, on the second
i Tuesday of October next, under the regulations and restric-
tions hereinafter imposed, for membera.of a convention to
form a constitution, adopt a bill of rights for the people of
Kansas, and take all needful measures for organizing a
State government preparatory to the admission of Kansas
into the Union as a State."
They then go on to appoint a committee to
issue a proclamation providing rules and regula-
tions for conducting the election, and sending
delegates to the convention; and they further
"Retched, That on the adoption of a constitution for
the State of Kansas, the president of the convention shall
transmit an authenticated copy thereof to the President of
the United States, to the President of the Senate, and to
the Speaker of the House of Representatives; to each
member of Congress, and to the Governor of each of tho
several States in the Union; and adopt such other measures
as will secure to the people of Kansas the rights and privi-
leges of a sovereign State."
It is difficult to see how men's purposes could
be more distinctly expressed. The committee
thus appointed issued a proclamation to the peo-
ple, calling on them to make an election. I will
read from it:
" To the legal voters of Kansat:
" Whereas the territorial government as now constituted
for Kansas has proved a failure—squatter sovereignty tinder
its workings a miserable delusion, in proof of which it is
only necessary to refer to our past history and our present
deplorable condition—our ballot-boxes have been taken pos-
session of by bands of armed men from foreign States—our
people forcibly driven thereftom—persons attempting to be
foisted upon us as members of a so-called Legislature, un-
acquainted with our wants, and hostile to our best interests
—some of them never residents of our Territory—misnamed
laws passed, and now attempted to be enforced by the aid
of citizens of foreign States of the most oppressive, tyran-
nical, and insulting character—the right of suffrage taken
from us—debarred from the privilege of a voice in the
election of even tho most insignificant officers—the right
office speech stifled—the muzzling of the press attempted;
and whereas longer forbearance with such oppression
and tyranny has .ceased to be a virtue; and whereas the
people of this country have heretofore exercised the right
or changing their form of government when it became
oppressive, and have at all times conceded this right to the
people of this and all other governments; and whereas a
territorial form of government is uqknown to the Constitu-
tion, and is the mere creature of necessity awaiting the
action of the people; and whereas the debasing character
of the slavery Which now involves us impels to action, and
1 leaves us as the only legal and peaceful alternative the im-
mediate establishaient of a State government; aad whereas
the organic act fails in pointing out the course to be adopted
in an emergency like ours: Therefore you are requested to
meet at your several precincts in said Territory, hereinafter
mentioned, on the second Tuesday of October next, it being
the ninth day of said month, apd then and there cast your
ballots for members of a convention, to meet at Topeka on
the fourth Tuesday of October next, to form a constitution,
adopt a bill of rights for the people of Kansas, and take all
needftit measures for organizing a State government pre-
paratory to the admission of Kansas into the Union as a
State."
It then goes on to fix the election precincts,
and name the judges, and concludes thus :
"The plan proposed in the proclamation to govern you
in the election, has been adopted after mature deliberation,
and, if adhered to by you, will result in establishing in
Kansas an independent government, that will be admitted
into our beloved Union as a sovereign State, securing to
our people the liberty they have heretofore enjoyed, and
which has been so ruthlessly wrested from them by reck-
less invaders."
In pursuance of this proclamation, the people
elected delegatea to a convention, which met in
October, and formed a State constitution. They
did form a constitution, and they have organized
a government under it. They chose a Legisla-
ture, which elected Senators. Their constitution
has been sent here, apd was presented by the
honorable. Senator from Michigan.
Now, I desire to know what there is in this
whole proceeding to call for any severe animad-
version ? Is there to be found anything in it dif-
fering from what repeated precedents had author-
ized them to do ? Is there any intimation in any
part of this line of proceedings, which I have
gone through with, or a design to commit treason
against the Government of the United States ?
What is treason? Nothing more, and nothing
less, than waging war against the United States.
The statute of Edward,.aefining treason, was the
basis for our constitutional provision on the sub-
ject, and it expressly confines it to making war
upon the Government. Has there been any idea
of their making war against the United States?
Even the idea of resistance to a United States offi-
cer has never been entertained by the people of
Kansas.
It is true, that they spoke of and treated the
Legislative Assembly, elected by. people of Mis-
souri, as a usurpation, and its acts as a nullity,
or worse, to which there was due from them no
obligation of obedience; but, I insist that such
a view, and such & disobedience was, and would
be, no treason, no waging war against the United
States.... • .... - -
