376
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 4,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Mr. Collamer.
Senate.
I come now, Mr. President, to examine the
maiority report. I cannot take time to go through
it with particularity in all its parts, but I desire to
view a few of its leading features. In the first
place I wish to inquire as to the character which
it presents in regard to the invasion. I venture
to say there is no man on earth who would take
this report and read it carefully, who could ever^
dream that there ever was such a thing ift exist-
ence. It is confessed by the Senator from Illinois
on the floor; but in the report nothing is confessed
or intimated. There is such a thing as insinua-
tion, I know—that is not exactly suppression.
By insinuation, I mean the intimating of that
which truth will not permit us to assert, or evad-
ing that which truth will not permit us to deny.
The invasion is not denied in the majority report,
nor is it asserted there. It is cast entirely in the
shade. It says that there have been false etories
told in Missouri.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. COLLAMER. Certainly, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator has remarked
that it has been several times admitted on the
floor that seven districts were carried by invasion.
I beg leave to state to him that no such thing is
admitted. My position was that nobody there
at the time ever pretended that there was an inva-
sion except in seven districts. That there was
one at all, was the point in dispute.
Mr. COLLAMER. The speech will speak for
itself.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Of course; but I wish to
have it fairly stated.
Mr. COLLAMER. To confine it to seven
districts is to acknowledge that it extended to
•even. That is a proposition which is capable
of being understood without an argument. I sup-
pose that an invasion could not be confincd to a
place to which it never extended. What does
the report of the majority say in relation to it:
"Exaggerated accounts of the large number of emigrants
on their way under the auspices of the emigrant aid com-
panies with a view of controlling the election for members
of the Territorial Legislature, which was to take place on
the 30th of March, 1855, were published and circulated.
These accounts being republished and believed in Missouri,
where the excitement had already been inflamed to a fear-
ful intensity, induced a corresponding effort to send at least
an equal number to counteract the apprehended result of
this new importation. Your committee have not been able
to obtain definite and satisfactory information in regard to
the alleged irregularities in conducting the election, and the
number of illegal votes on the 30th of March; but, from the
most reliable sources of information accessible to your com-
mittee, including various papers, documents, and state-
ments, kindly furnished by Messrs. Whitfield and Reeder,
rival claimants of the Delegate's seat in Congress for Kansas
Territory, it would seem that the facts are substantially as
follows."
What facts follow? It goes on to state that a
proclamation was issued by the Governor, that
he set aside the returns in seven districts, and is-
sued orders for another electiofi, whieh was held.
]t states that the Assembly met on the 2d of July
at the place fixed by the Governor; that they ap-
pointed a joint committee to wait on the Governor;
that he received them and sent his message in due
form; and then, r
" On the first day of the session, and immediately after
the organization of the House was effected, the following
resolution was adopted:
"' Resolved, That all persons who may desire to contest
the seats of any persons now holding certificates of election
as members of this House, may present their protests to the
committee on credentials, and that nptice thereof shall be
given to the person's holding such certificates.'"
That was on the 2d of July, the first day df
the session; but on the 4th of July the legislative
committee made their report, saying, that as to
fifteen seats, there was no contest, and as to the
others, they took the statute for their guide—1
think the expression is that they considered it
the polar star—and they decided that the second
election, which the Governor ordered, was of no
consequence; and they admitted everybody who
received majorities at the first election. The ma-
jority report then goes on to state that, in regard
to those whose seats were not contested, th^re
never was any protest or any allegation of any
irregulari ty or fraud at the time. The facts which
I have stated are a sufficient answerto that asser-
tion.
Now, what would be understood by any man
who took up the statement of the report and read
it by itself, never before having heard of the
transaction? Would he suppose there was any
invasion at all ? He would understand, from read-
ing the report, that there had been some stories
about violence, but that the Legislature examined
the subject and decided that there was no foun-
dation for them. I ask any gentleman, is that a
true picture of the transaction ? Does the report
tell us anything about the invasion being made
anywhere, confined to any part, or extending to
amy part of the Territory ? Not a word of it. By
making this statement in regard to the proceed-
ings of the Governor and Legislature, it is at-
tempted to be proved that the Legislature was all
right, and that its acts cannot be inquired into.
The next feature in the majority report, to
which I call attention, is in regard to the laws
passed by the Territorial Legislature. Does it
give them? Not one of them. The Senator from
Illinois, in his speech, to be sure, speaks of certain
laws which were objected to, but he says there
never was any attempt to put them into execution,
and it was not on account of them that violence
afterwards arose. It is evident, then, that he
considers that these laws are regarded as objec-
tionable. Does his report give them? Does it
deny them ? No. What is the story told about
them ? The report says that there was a meeting
holden at Leavenworth which stated the facts
about them. Who composed that meeting? The
report sa^s that it was without respect to party.
I am not informed on that point, and I shall say
nothing about it; but the meeting was composed
of the officials of the Territory. The report,
instead of giving the objectionable laws, or stating
what they are, or giving any account of them, says
what that meeting stated them to be. The report
says that in that meeting were officers who were
to execute the laws, and, therefore, itis sufficient
to give their views of them. The moment you
examine the resolutions and statements of that
meeting, you find that, in stating the election law
to which I have alluded, they do not give its true
character. They say that complaint has been
made about a poll tax, but that there is no such
requirement. I have shown you that there is.
The act of the Legislature provided for the pay-
ing of taxes on election day by persons who were
then in the Territory. The address of this meet-
ing denies that the people are bound to swear to
enforce the fugitive slave law, but admits that
they are compelled to do it, if their votes are
challenged, and they are called upon to do it. Is
not this escaping from the plain provision ?
Instead of attempting to deny the existence of
these laws, or to tell what they are, or to assert
what they are, this is merely an attempt to escape
by undertaking to say what somebody else said
about them. That I call an insinuation.
The next point in the majority report to which
I allude is the statement in relation to the course
which the people of Kansas took to endeavor to
obtain some redress. What is the story about
that ? Instead of taking the proceedings of the
Lawrence meeting, which 1 nave stated in my
minority report, and then the meeting at Topeka
which the Lawrence meeting called, and then the
statements made by that meeting itself as to its
purposes, which I have read, what does the re-
port do? It first states the Lawrence meeting;
and what next? Does it go through the line of
the meetings as they were.called? Not at all. It
immediately takes a diversion from that path, and
goes off to a certain meeting holden at Big Springs.
There was a party meeting at Big Springs. I
know there was, because its proceedings are
bound up in the same pamphlet with the Topeka
meeting, which the gentleman says he knew I
had. Certainly I had, and I gave him a copy.
The copies are all alike I suppose. The report
goes off from the Lawrence meeting. Instead of
going to the meeting called by the one held at
Lawrence, in which they state their purposes, it
diverges from that, and goes off to the Big Springs
meeting. I do not know that a single man who
was in the party meeting at Big Springs was in
the meetings at Lawrence and Topeka.
•low, is it fair, is it right to attempt to give
character to this straight, direct line of proceed-
ings by the people, by going off to a political
party meeting, and giving a version of what it did ?
It is true that the Big Springs meeting, among
other proceedings, approved the call of the Tope-
ka convention; Dut who asked them for any ap-
Froval of it? Their approval made no difference.
think no gentleman here would be willing to
say that, when he calls a course of meetings of his
own political party to set out their purposes, any
character can be given to those meetings or their
proceedings by side-bar assemblages who say
they approve of them? Certainly not. Now,
what meeting was it which called the constitu-
tional convention ? The meeting at Topeka, of
the 19th of September. They state their pur-
poses, which I have read. The proceedings of
that meeting which called the convention are not
given at all in the majority report. It states that
there was such a meeting, but their proceedings
are not given. The very proceedings which de-
clared their purposes, and which I have set out
in the minority report, are not there. I do not
use the word " suppressed."
Mr. DOUGLAS. No; because it would not
be true if you did. I will show you that it is in
the report.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have not seen it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If you read the report you
will see it.
Mr. COLLAMER. The proceedings of the
meeting of September 19 ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. The majority report sets out
in full the preamble to the resolutions of the meet-
ing. It then states that they passed resolutions
calling a convention to meet at Topeka. Were you
speaking of the Lawrence or Topeka meeting?
Mr. COLLAMER. I was speaking of the
Topeka meeting of the 19th of September.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have stated what they did
on the 19th of September; I have not put in the
report the whole pamphlet.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is the point.
Mr. DOUGLAS. On that point I wish to be
distinctly understood. I have not set out the
whole proceedings, or the speeches in those
meetings in full; but they are precisely in this
order: first, the meeting at Lawrence; second,
at Big Springs, which indorses the Lawrence
movement; third, the meeting at Topeka on the
19th of September, called by those two meetings;
fourth, the convention at Topeka, which formed
the constitution. I will give the reason why I
stated them in that order. I met the Senator
from Vermont at his room by agreement, and we
there came to an understanding that that was the
order of proceedings in which the constitutional
convention was gotten up. If there is a misstate-
ment in the report in regard to them, it is the
Senator's fault, because he agreed to that arrange-
ment at the time. I have tne memorandum on
which it is written, taken in his room. It is
his agreement, and never has been departed from
since. The facts are distinctly and truly stated
in the report, as I will show when the gentleman
gets through.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the Senator show
me at what page of the report the proceedings of
the Topeka meeting of the 19th of September
are given ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is in the regular order.
Mr. COLLAMER. At what page ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. At pages 31 and 32, where
this statement is to be found:
" In pursuance of the recommendation of the mass meet-
ing held at Lawrence on the 14th of August, and indorsed
by the convention held at the Big Springs on the 5th and
6th of September, a convention was held at Topeka on the
19th and 30th of September, at which it was determined to
hold another convention at the same place on the fourth
Tuesday of October, for the purpose of forming a constitu-
tion and State government; and to this end such proceed-
ings were had as were deemed necessary for giving the
notices, conducting the election of delegates, making the
returns, and assembling the convention. With regard to
the regularity of these proceedings, your committee see no
necessity for further criticism than is to be found in the fact
that it was the movement of a political party instead of the
whole body of the people of Kansas, conducted without the
sanction oflaw, and in defiance of the constituted authori-
ties, for the avowed purpose of overthrowing the territorial
government established by Congress."
Mr. COLLAMER. That is exactly as I un-
derstand it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. You are very unfortunate in
stating how you do understand it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I said that the proceed-
ings of the meeting at Topeka, of the 19th of
September, which called the convention to form
