1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1987
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House resolved itself into the Committee
of the "Wh'de on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Grow in chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of ilio bill making- appropriations for certain
civil exp jiises of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of .Tunc, 1857.
The OFIAJRMAN. The question immediately
before the committee is on an appeal taken from
the decision of the Chair upon an amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr,
Harris.]
Mr. MILLSDN. What was the decision?
The CHAIRMAN. On yesterday the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. B. Marshall] offered
an amendment to come in at the end of line one
hundred and forty-two, providing for renting a
court-room and post oiFice at Canandaigua, New
York. Thegentlemnn from Illinois proposed an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
fiom Kentucky, providing for building certain
custom-houses, post offices, and court-houses.
The Chair ruled the amendment out of order.
From that decision the gentleman from Illinois
appealed. The question is, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as tlie judgment of the commit-
tee 5 5'
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, I ask for tellers
upon the question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clixgman
and Kuxkel were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes eighty-five, noes not counted.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. 1 offer the follow-
ing amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. H. Marshall:]
For providing foi the Federal courts, post office, and land
office ol the lTiu*ed State-4, by the purchase of a building
foi a eoiut-hou-e. land office, poit ofliee, and olhur public
puipo^-^, nt ^pringtield, Jlhnoii, $80,000.
There is already an existing law providing for
a land-office, corn t-house, and post office at that
point; and, as they are necessary for the admin-
istration of justice, there can be no distinction
whatever between rhe amendment which I have
offered, and that offered by the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I make this point
of order: There is no law authorizing the work.
If this is in order, it will be in order to build a
court-house at every cross-roads
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment to be out of order. He makes the
-distinction between this amendment and ihdt of
the gentleman from Kentucky: One is to kase
a house, and another to purchase a site for a
building.
Mr. HARRIS. Then the distinction is, that
one is a purchase, and the other a perpetual lease.
I presume it is a distinction that nobody can see
but the Chair.
The question was taken on Mr. Marshall's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I now propose an amendment
hi the same words as that just ruled out of order
by the Chair, with the exception of sinking out
the word " purchase," and inserting " perpetual
lease" in lieu thereof, so as to make it precisely '
like the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the
amendment to be out of order. The words '* per-
petual lease" were not in the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. LETCHER. I move the following amend-
ment:
For compen-it'on of the mernbeis of the boat d of levi-
?ors appointed i;: !>ur>ii:iiice ot the act approved March 3,
1855, < nt'tl'-d /.ii <*ct to mtptovc the law of th-j Ds-tnot
ot Columbia, and to eo'liu the s dine,"' ,^12.0QO : Prx-idci,
That the Pie-nleiii of the United States shall detminnse the
Mim to be received bv each uietub.-r ■ ><' t-aiu boaul, a mu-i
r,ot cKoeedins the f-umof p^i nmMim to en<-h dmm^
his tenn ot serviee, and that the "/hole compensation sliall
not exceed the euni heiebv apptopnated.
I do not suppose it is necessary to say any-
thing upon the amendment. It is authorized by
existing law. The gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. II. Marshall,] who objected to this amend-
ment the other day, I believe has no objection to
it in tlus form.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RITCHIE. I move the following amend-
ment:
That llie Secretary of the Treasury be, and he ir- hereby
directed, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appiopnated, to pay to Henry Wood, and the legal re.pie-
wentativcrf of Samuel Rosebuiy, deceased, the ?um of three
dollars pei day each, for the services of the said Wood, and
the said Ro^ebury, in superintending the construction of
the building for a custom-house, post office, and court-house
at Plumbing, Pennsylvania.
I desire to make this explanation to the Com-
mittee: In 1$51 and 1852, appropriations were
made for building a custom-house in Pittsburg,
and these two gentlemen were appointed commis-
sioners to superintend the construction of the
building. The building was completed in about
two years. In 1854 1 offered an amendment,
which was adopted, precisely like this, with the
exception that the money was to be paid out of
the appropriation originally made for the build-
ing. It was then supposed that there would be a i
surplus of about $10,000, which was the fact; j
but nearly the whole amount was expended in j
furnishing the building with heating apparatus, |
and other fixtures, and for lighting it. j
I will state fuither, that the building was com- ;
pleted, under the direction of those superintend- j
ents, according to the contract originally entered !
into. No additional appropriations have been
asked for, while for the custom-houses at Cincin-
nati, Louisville, and St. Louis, additional appro-
priations have been made, until the aggregate
amount has, in every instance, almost doubled
that expended for Pittsburg. Here are the
amounts appropriated for the several custom-
houses which I have mentioned:
St. Louis. 1851  $95,000
« 185-2  37.000
« 1W3  115,000
" 1851   100,000
$277,000
Louisville, 185J   $75,000
law  16,000
" 1853  87.7-1")
« 1851   40,000
Cincinnati. 1851  &2"3,OUO
« 185)  50,000
« 3553   87.715
« 1654   40,000
$>03,745
Pittsburg, 1851  $75,000
185-2  05.000
Now, sir, it will be seen that these gentlemen j
have saved the Government about one hundred :
thousand dollars. I think, therefore, that the t
House ought not only to adopt this amendment, !
but that these gentlemen deserve the thanks of
Congress for the fidelity with which they have 1
executed the trust. The objection has been made ;!
that these men were otfieeis of the Government j
at the time. That is tree, for a portion of the !
time. One was a postmaster and the other a "
collector: but the duties whidi they performed as
supenntendents had nothing whatever to do with 1
the offices which they held.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I have no doubt the
appiopnatioti which the g< nth-nan has proposed ,
is o just one, but it seems to me that it is a private
chum, and upon that ground I make the point of ,
order that the amendment is not m order. !
The CHA IR.MAN. The' Chair sustains the!
point of order, upon the ground that the amend- ;
ment is in the nature of a private claim.
Mr. RITCHIE. \ must take an appeal from
the decision of the Chair. 1 will state that the ■
Committee of Ways and Means would have
inserted it in the bill, but for the fact that they
could not ascertain the precise time which these
men were employed.
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was overruled. j
The question was then taken on Mr. Ritchie's |
amendment; and it was agreed to. i
Mr. MAXWELL. I offier the foliowingamend- j
ment:
For completing the cu?tom-hou e at Pensaeola, Florida, j;
$5,000, m addition to the bum already appropriated. j (
Mr. Chairman, I will merely state in connec- ;l
tion with the amendment, that a law was passed !;
at the last session of Congress, authorising th^,
construction of this custom-house. The
tary of the Treasury has advised us that tlj&&
amount, $5,000, is necessary for the completion
of th'e building.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DENVER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And the Fecretary of the Treasury is hereby directed
•to pay out, of any moneys m the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, such expenses us he may fmd have beeQ,Aor
may be. properly and neeessauly meuired for the lonsm#bf
court-rooms for the United States courts in the Staler of
California, and foi rittiag up the same for the use of such
court*.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I raise the point
that the amendment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment seems
to relate to a deficiency, and the Chair holds it
to be out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state to the gentle-
man from California, that the amendment is un-
necessary, for the reason, that, in the judicial
fund, provision is made for California.
Mr. TAYLOR. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the completion of the maune hospital dt New Orleans,
m addition to the apptopiiauon heietoiore made by the act
approved August 4, 1853, 10.
Mr. Chairman, I call especial attention to the
following letter fiom the Secretary of the Treas-
ury:
Treasury Department, August 4, 1856.
Sir: The law parsed at the first session of the Thirty-
Third Congress, and approved August 4,1854, appropriating
$•248,000 for tlie erection at New Orleans of amarme hos-
pital ot a suitable size to accommodate the sick and disabled
seamen ariivingat that port, contains a clause prohibiting
the application of any portion of the funds so appropriated,
unless the sum i-hull besulHeienttocoinplctetlio stiucture.
To eariy out the provisions ot this law, I caused plans of a
suitable building to be piepaicd, and invited bids for its
conjunction Proposals won; received, and loutfcd to ex-,
ceed the amount appiopnated. • .
It is made my duty, by the pioviso, to report the subject
back to Congioss, with f-ueh estimates a*, shall be lound
sullioent to complete the work. In compliance with the
pioviso. I have the honor to ^-tate that the lowest bids re-
ceived fot budding the hospital of brick, (fire proof,) and
to <ecute a good foundauou, exceed the appropriation
$151,07.'
The lowest bid for a building exclusively of iron, and the
exp"iiv ot propaung a secure foundation, exceeds Uie ap-
piopt idi urn is'" the *-um of .^86,332 10.
Taknri tUnc bids as bemg as low as we probably shall
receive, when the building j? ajram oiiered forcontiaet, we
shall need the following additional amounts to complete it;
It built of brick and lire proof $151,659 20
If bui't entirely of iron  80,322 10
Vei v lespectiully, your obedient servant,
JAMEd GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Ticasw-y.
It is more important that there should be hos-
pital accommodations at this port than at any
other. There in carried on there the greatest
foreign export trade on this continent. Owing-to
its peculiar situation, the crews of veps'ds visiting
the port are exposed to diseases of a character
extremely fatal to the unacclimated constitution.
The Secretary of the Treasury has adopted a
plan which we believe will afford all the accom-
modation required by the exigencies of trade and
huniduity. in uider to cairy out that plan this
additional sum is required. It is demanded by
the interests of commerce and the safety of those
of our citizens who navigate vosspIs to that port.
Every consideration of humanity and every prin-
ciple of public polic}' demand that we should
make this appropriation for the benefit of that
meritorious class of our citizens.
Mr. LETCHER. I do nut recollectprecisely
what amount of money has been already appro-
pi iated for tins building; but my impression is
that it is considerably upwards of $200,000, with
ten per cent, added/to cover contingencies, be-
sides an indefinite amount for the purchase of a
site. This amendment proposes to add §86,000
more. I am informed that $248,000 has been
already appropriated for this building. This
$86,000 will run the sum up to $335,000, for the
construction of this building. When it is recol-
lected that in the early part of the session the
Secretary of the Treasury represented that these
sailors could be better accommodated, when sielc,
by private contract, and these hospitals could be
leased out, J doubt the propriety of this large
expenditure of the public money for the purpose
proposed.
The amendment was agreed to.
