1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1113
what the Government officers would make for
#150,000. . , .
There is another advantage m this plan. It the
local authorities see fit to add to this sum by their
own subscriptions, they can do so; and thus the
contractors can take at $50,000 a contract for a
work which will cost $75,000, and raise the ad-
ditional §25,000 from the local authorities, orthe
citizens of the place. While I am opposed,
rigidly and strenuously opposed, to squandering
public money for the purpose of benefiting par-
ticular individuals or particular localities, I am
desirous that these works shall proceed on a solid
basis, so as to furnish that protection to the com-
merce of the country which I deem to be indis-
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand the Senator
from Michigan, he has abandoned the estimates
and recommendations of the Department, and
substituted those of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STUART. No, sir; I hava not.
Mr. HUNTER. I think I understood the
Senator to say that the Department Had estimated
in all cases for harbors on plans which would
cost from $150,000 to $200,000, and that the com-
mittee cut them down to a much smaller sum,
and required that the works should not be begun
unless they could be executed for the amount ap-
propriated.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir; but I do not call that
an abandonment.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not see how it can be
called anything else than an abandonment. The
Department proposes a certain scheme for a har-
bor, and makes an estimate for it; but the Sena-
tor, or the committee of which he is a member,
cuts down the estimate from $150,000 or $200,000,
to $25,000 or $50,000. It is very obvious, either
that you cannot carry out the plan of the Depart-
ment for that smaller sum, or that the Depart-
ment is unable to estimate what will be the prob-
able expenditure.
It seem3 to me then, sir, that we are called
upontoabandon the regular estimates, to give up
the judgment of those who are most competent to
decide in regard to those improvements—the judg-
ment of the engineer corps of the Aimy—and to
substitute that of the committee. If we are to go
into that system of internal improvements by
means of rivers and harbors, I think we ought to
call to our aid the best judgment, and the opin-
ions of the most competent men to decide, not
only upon the nature of the improvement, but
upon the probable cost. It is better that wc should
face the bill of costs beforehand, and not go into
it in this manner, of which we have already had
too much experience in regard to custom-houses.
You begin, sir, with an appropriation, and limit
it to a certain amount, with a provision that the
building shall not be undertaken unless it can be
constructed for thatsum. The next year ail esti-
mate comes in for an increased amount, and we
are told that the previous appropriation was not
sufficient, and we are asked to add to it in order
to purchase the site, or to complete the building
So it will bo in regard to these improvements,
if we depart from the regular estimates.^ If we
go into them at all, it seems to mc that it ought
to be done upon system. We should hare
schemes given us by those Departments which
are competent to propose such schemes; and we
should act upon the estimates which they are most
competent to give us. Not only this, but they
ought to be established upon some regular system
and principle. Their benefits ought to be generally
diffused throughout the country, and not confined
to particular sections or localities. I believe that,
if we do go into these improvements, it would
certainly be fairer to go into them as a system,
than to do it by parts and parcels to meet the im-
portunities of a particular neighborhood, or the
demands of a particular place. We either ought
to leave these works to the cities and States which
are interested in this commerce; or else, if the
General Government engages in them, it ought
to do so on some general system, distributing its
benefits equally and generally throughout the
Union. .
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, as I said be-
fore, 1 do not mean to spend a day in the discus-
sion of these questions; but I desire^ to call the
attention of the Senate to one point in the argu-
ment of the Senator from Virginia, whieli appears
to me Ho be rather remarkable. When it has
been proposed heretofore to adopt the estimate of
the Department, the Senator opposed it because
he said there would be no end to it. He never
did vote for one of these bills, and he never will
do so. If you follow the estimates, he says there
is no end to the expenditure. Now, when you
propose by the bill to fix an end to the expendi-
ture, he is opposed to that. I do not see how the
Senator's argument can stand with itself. I might
quote the Senator against himself. He can, how-
ever, reach his object by moving to strike out the
second section of this bill; and then there will be
a simple appropriation of $25,000 to make a
harbor, and it will be referred back to the esti-
mates.
I desire it to be understood, that when I ask for
harbors for the protection of the commerce of the
country, I do not seek them for the localities
where the work is placed. These places have
very little ownership of commerce. I do not be-
lieve that there is a place on these lakes where a
vessel is owned, except at the large cities; but the
harbors are needed for the commerce of the lakes
stretching for thousands of miles. I say that
$50,000 will build a harbor of refuge and protec-
tion for that commerce. This is the judgment of
the Committee on Commerce; and therefore we
intend to have the appropriation limited to the
amount which we think necessary; and if nobody
will take the contract for that price let the work
go down, and let the money revert to the Treas-
ury. I am willing to stand upon that principle.
But, sir, I cannot consent that we shall be met
at all points by the Senator from Virginia. Hu-
man ingenuity cannot devise a bill on this ques-
tion for which he will vote. I do not say this
for the purpose of censuring the Senator, as he
well knows. I allude to his opinions. It is his
duty to stand by his opinions. I object to his
mode of attack. When we propose one plan he
attacks it for the reason that he docs not like that
plan. When another is proposed, he attacks that i
because he docs not like it. You may change |
the plan as often as you please, and the Senator
will attack it because he is opposed to the whole.
I think that the Department, in estimating
$150,000 for each of these localities, is wrong, and
that there is no necessity for such an expenditure.
I think, also, that the money expended by con-
tract, entirely under the control of the Department,
both as to plan and expenditure, will go threefold
as far as it will when expended by the Govern-
ment of the United States. At all events, by this
course, we shall escape the loss which has taken
place from year to year^- the omission of Con-
gress to continue the appropriations.
Now, I am willing that the Senator from Vir-
ginia shall test the question on which he has
made his principal opposition in this case to the
bill before the Senate, by moving to strike out
the second section. That will bring us back to
the estimate for which the Senator contends.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Michigan, unintentionally no doubt, has
misstated my argument. I have said that I prefer
the estimate of the engineer department in such
a matter as this to the estimate of the Committee
on Commerce. Surely I do; and 1 may say so
without disparaging the judgment or the capacity
of the committee. It is probable that the engi-
neer corps would have more knowledge oil such
subjects than private gentlemen, who are called
together on the Committee on Commerce. I did
not say, however, that I regarded the estimates
of the Department as infallible. On the contrary,
I said that, although being more certain than the
estimates of individuals who were not experts,
wc found that they could not be relied upon. I
stated that we had found that, even in regard to
them, applications were made afterwards to en-
large the appropriations. Jl fortiori, then, we
must expect that applications will be made to us
to enlarge the appropriations based on estimates
made by the Committee on Commerce—made,
too, in contempt of the estimates and proposals
of the engineer corps. The Senator from Cali-
fornia [Mr. Weller] asks me if a work has ever
been done for less than the estimates? I do not
know a case. He may, perhaps, be able to sug-
gest some one in California; but I think it will
only be in his State that he will find it.
The Senator from Michigan says that if we
insert the limitation which he proposes, the money
will be much more economically expended than
under the direction of the engineer corps. If the
people were expending their own money—if the
States were expending money raised by them-
selves—if the towns were expending money which
they had raised fortha improvement of their own
harbors—then I acknowledge they would spend it
much more economically, and I believe much
more efficiently than it would be spent either by
the agency of the General Government or by them-
selves, when they were using the money of the
General Government. In this case, however,
they are using not their own money, but the
money of the Government. If the money of the
General Government is to be expended for these
harbors, I think it had better be done by our own
agents than by other persons not responsible to
the Government, whose whole interest is to ob-
tain the use of this money for their particular
benefit.
The Senator from Michigan has said that he
cannot frame a bill on this subject for which I
will vote. That is true; but I know that there
are very few who entertain my opinions; and I
now make an appeal to that majority who have
the power, and who are now molding and
directing his policy. I say that those who do
entertain these opinions, ana those who have the
power to institute the policy, ought so to mould
it that it will be most conducive to justice and
impartiality, to the progress and improvement of
the country. I say, that if those who have the
power and mean to introduce this principle will
look to the best interests of the country, they
will find, I think, that it will be far better to have
some general system, which shall diffuse its ben-
efits equally and generally over the Union, than
to spend the money in particular localities, in
favored and special places. I say, too, that they
will find in the end thatit will be far safer to take
the plans of professional men who have studied
the subject, and to act on the supposition that
these works are to cost as much as is estimated
by those whose duty it is to procure and submit
the estimates, I believe that it is very safe to
hazard the prediction that there is hardly a case
in which the work will not be found to cost more,
instead of less, than the estimates submitted by
the Department. If it should be found to be less,
it will be among those rare exceptions, which have
so seldom attracted my attention that I cannot
now recollect the instance by which such a sup-
position can be justified.
Mr. CASS. It must be recollectcd that the
artificial improvements have commenced some-
what recently on the lakes. There were, origin-
ally, almost no natural harbors on any of the
lakes. When I went on Lake Erie myself, in
1813, there was but one natural harbor on the
whole extent of the lake from Buffalo to the De-
troit river.—Put-in bay. The honorable Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] will recollect
it, for he was there and saw it at the time.
In the progress of time, with the increase of
commerce, great difficulty was experienced; nav-
igation was exposed to great dangers and incon-
veniences; lives were lost; and the point to be
ascertained was, how could these evils be rem-
edied ? The rivers which enter into the lakes
bring down sands and deposit them at their
mouths; and these points were proper for har-
bors. I have, myself, at the city of Cleveland,
rode across the mouth of the river where the har-
bor now is; and one of the most dangerous mo-
ments in my life was in being wrecked at Cleve-
land, which is now one of the most beautiful
towns in the country. Improvements have been
made by constructing piers and projecting them
out into the lake. It has been found that, in this
mode, you got out into deep water, and the de-
posits will not thus be made. The improvements,
however, are not of such a perpetual character
that it is unnecessary to repair them from time
to time. I must say, therefore, in justice to the
Engineer Department, that their estimates have
necessarily been exceeded, for they were exper-
iments from the beginning. As my honorable
colleague has well said, the appropriations are
made this year, and are not made next year; and
thus the work is delayed, and the expense is in-
creased. There was an appropriation of $20,000
for the St. Clair flats a few years ago. That
sum was expended for a dredge boat, and the
dredge boat was sunk in the Detroit river when 1
came here. Whether it is in a better condition
