ass
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
protection of the city and harbor of New York, and of the
navy-yard and public property at Brooklyn.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing" resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That such of the Clerks of the Standing Corn-
- mittees of the Senate as have been on duty since the first
day of the sessian be paid therefrom.
ELECTION OF OFFICERS.
Mr. BIGGS submitted the following resolutions
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Senate will, on Monday next, at one
o'clock, elect a Secretary of the Senate, Sergeant-at-Arms
and Doorkeeper, and Assistant Doorkeeper.
Resolved, That the following shall be one of the standing
rules of the Senate, to wit:
52. Tlie Seeretaiy of the Senate, the Sergeant-at-Arms
, and Doorkeeper, and Assistant Doorkeeper, shall bo chosen
on the second Monday of the first session of every Con-
gress.
MAP OF FLORIDA PENINSULA.
Mr. YULEE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
cause to be prepared a general map of the peninsula of
Florida, lliustianve of the recent surveys for a canal, exe-
cuted by virtue of the appropriations made for that purpose.
INDIAN DISTURBANCES.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States bo
requested to communicate to the Senate copies of ail cor-
respondence between the different Departments of the Gov-
ernment and the officers of the Armv and Navy (not here-
tofore communicated) on the Pacific coast, touching the
Indian distu! bances m California, Oicgon, and Washington.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. FISH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of the widows
and orphans of the officers, seamen, and marines
of the United States sloop of war Albany, and for
other purposes.
Also, a bill to require the employment of ap-
prentices in the commercial marine of the United
States.
Mr. BROWN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to incorporate the Co-
lumbia Wood Gas Company of the District of
Columbia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. .TONES, of Iowa, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to continue the improvement of the Des Moines
and the Rock river rapids, in the Upper Missis-
sippi; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the construction of a suitable building for a
court-house and post office in Boston, Massachu-
setts; which was rend twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill for continuing certain public works in the
State of Massachusetts; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER., in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to secure the wages of seamen in cases of
wreck; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to build a jail at the town of Van Buren, in
the State of Arkansas; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of prevkms
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill for continuing the improvement of the nav-
igation of the Arkansas river; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
- bill for continuing and completing the improve-
ment of Red river, at the raft; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce,
PUBLIC LANDS IN IOWA.
Mr. HARLAN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
in relation to the five per centum on the proceeds
of the sales of public lands in the State of Iowa;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. HARLAN explained at some length the
reasons? that induced the State of Iowa to ask
for the passage of such a bill. [His speech will
be found in the Appendix.]
REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, to whom was referred a resolution offered by
Mr. Seward for an allowance to the widow of
Michael Dooley, late a messenger of the Senate,
reported it back with an amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill for
the relief of Anson Dart, reported it back with
amendments.
BARK MONMOUTH.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of
Daniel Draper & Son, praying for a register for
the foreign-built bark St. Harlampy, under the
name of Monmouth, reported a. bill (S. No. 72)
to authorize the issuing of a register to the bark
Monmouth.
The bill was read the first and second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the issue of a register
under the new name, on its being proved to the
satisfaction of the Secretary of the Treasury that
the cost of the repairs made in the United States
constitutes three fourths of the present value of
the vessel.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
REFERENCEOF THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe that we have not
referred the annual message of the President of
the United States as yet to the different commit-
tees. I move to refer so much of it as relates to
the finances to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That *o much of the President's annual mes-
sage a*; relates to public lands be leferred to the Comnutteo
on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's annua! mes-
sage as relates to militaiy affairs be letcned to the Com-
mittee on Miht.uy Affairs.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's annual mes-
sage relates to naval affairs be rcfeircd to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's annual mes-
sage as telates to manufactures be lefencd to the Commit-
tee on Manufacture?.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That so much of the Piesulont's annual mes-
sage as relates to the commeice ot the country, and to the
improvement of it>< haiboia and rivers?, be referred to the
Committee on Comnioicc.
Mr. MASON. I move that so much of the
President's annual message as relates to the for-
eign relations of the country be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. I understand
that the debate which has been had in the Senate
for some time past is on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] to refer to
the Committee on Foreign Relations the letter of
Lord John Russell to Mr. Crampton. My mo-
tion, therefore, will not interfere with the tenor
of that debate, if Senators choose to continue it.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's annual me«-
sage as relates to rctienchment and iciorm be leterred to
the Committee on Retrenchment.
SPECIAL ORDERS.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, the
Senate resumed the consideration of the special
order, being his resolution calling on the Secre-
tary of the Navy for a copy of the report made
by the late naval retiring board.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] is entitled to the floor
on this question, but I understand from him that
he is quite indisposed, and will, therefore, be
unable to continutrthe debate to-day. If there is
any other Senator who desires to speak* on the
subject he can go on now. I desire to have the
resolution disposed of as speedily as possible.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It will be utterly impossi-
ble for mc to continue the debate to-day. The
Senator from Tennessee may make any arrange-
ment in reference to the disposal of the subject
which he thinks proper. I am perfectly willing
that the debate shall be fixed for any day that
suits his convenience and that of the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that my
resolution be postponed, and made the special
order of the day for to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The next special order is
the motion of the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Clayton,] to refer to the Committee on Foreign
Relations the message ofthe President, communi-
cating Lord John Russell's letter of January 19th,
1853, in reference to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
Mr. WILSON. On that question I have been
assigned the floor; but, as another special order
was made for this day, and as it was understood
that Senators were anxious to settle thatquestion,
I came here to-day without the intention of say-
ing anything on this subject. I would, there-
fore, prefer to have the question postponed until
to-morrow, or I will yield the floor to any Senator
who may wish to proceed with the debate on this
subject.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would suggest to my
friend from Tennessee to allow the naval board
question to be deferred until the day after to-mor-
row. I doubt whether I shall be able to go on
to-morrow, for my throat is in such a condition
that I shall hardly be able to speak so soon. If
this course be pursued, the Central American
question can be postponed until to-morrow, when
the Senator from Massachusetts will be ready.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the subject before the Senate
until to-morrow at one oMock, and make it the
special order for that time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In accordance with
the suggestion of the Senator from Louisiana, I
move to reconsider the vote by which my resolu-
tion in regard to the naval board was postponed
until to-morrow.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move that
the resolution be postponed to, and be made the
special order for, Wednesday next atone o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
Veopened and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 11, 3856.
The House mot at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. T. W. Greer.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the resolution relating to the office of public
printer, upon which the main question has been
ordered.
Mr. HAVEN. My colleague [Mr. Edwards]
from the thirty-third district of New York is
present, and I ask that he may be sworn in.
Mr. Edwards then came forward, and the
Speaker administered to him the usual oath of
office.
RELIEF FOR THE POOR.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Before submit-
ting to the House a motion to suspend the rules,
I ask to have read by the Clerk, for the informa-
tion of the House, some papers which relate to
the matter I desire to have taken up.
The papers were read, as follows:
Washington, February 9,185G.
Sir: The undersigned, members of the Female Union
Benevolent and Employment Bocirly of Washington City,
beg leave to say that they have noticed with the deepest
sensibility your generous efforts to awaken in Congress an
interest in the sufferings of the poor at the seat of the
Geneial Government.
