1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
Mr. WOODWOIITH offered the following
amendment:
-For enlarging the buildina provided by law to be con-
structed ;U Cmc-a^o, in the fk.ite of Illinois, for a custom-
hon>(\ pmt office. and court-house, over tin- plan heretofore
adopted foi that purpose, >o modifying  atd plan as, m the
opinion of the ycemary of the Treasury, the public con-
venience shall require, $§5,030, arid ten per cent, on that
sum for contingencies: Provided* That said enlargement
and modification can be completed within the suing here-
tofore and heioby appi opnated.
Mr. WOODWOUTH. I ask that a letter I
have received from the Secretary of the Treasury
may be read:
The letter was read; and is as follows:
Sir : An agent of the Department has recently visited
Chicago, and reports that the beilding tor The use of the
eustom-hounc, jjo^t-otficc, and Unitud States court at that
place., is, in consequence of the rapid increase of business,
entnely too small. Since the original plan was made the
business of the odu-os ha*, doubled.
It is aN:o found nccessaiy, in order to render the base-
ment stoiy any and dry, ami available t'oi po-;t office pur-
poses, to raise the lower walls higher than was at tirstcon-
templated.
To erect a building ofsui table size and to effect the change
of elevation, above refeired to, will inquire an additional
fippvopuaiion of §r>,00<), and ten per cent, for contingent
expenses.
Veiy ie>*pectfully,}0ur obedient servant.
JAMKrf <JUTIIlllR,
Secretary of the T.eumry.
Mi\ IvEITT. X rise to a point of order.
There is no previous law authorizing this work
Mr. WOOD WORTH. There is a law exist- ,
ing for the. construction of the work; and [ now i
ask the indulgence of the committee for the pur-
pose of making a few statements in connection
with this matter, and in favor of the amendment
which 1 have justotWcd. The last Congress
authorized the erection of a building at Chun^o
for post-office, uistom-housc, <uid judiciary pur-
poses. The Secretary of the Treasury pi,iced
the construction of this building under contract.
The contractor is ready to proceed with his work;
,but so confident was the Secretin y that the build-
ing to be erected would be insufficient for the
purposes for which it is designed, that in the
contract he had a provision made for an enlarge-
ment, with the expectation that the presentCon-
grcss would, at an early day, authouze that
cftWgement. The committee lnxve heard read a
communication from the Secretary, recommend-
ing the building to be enlarged so us to meet the
public wants, requiring an additional appropria-
tion of $(>5,000. j
1 will add, Mr. Chairman, that the contractor 1
has commenced operations; and if the enhuge- j
inrnt is to be made at all it should he authorized j
now. Uy way of showing the tn-eessitv of thus, '
1 will state that the customs ir< nvrd at Chicago !
amount, for the last three years, to -' J , 133,393 <>0, !
averaging nearly $400,000 f°r <*aeh year. The !
post-office, m point of distributing, is the second j
office in the Union, being next to that of New 1
York city. The amount for the first quarte" of '
the present year is over $11)0,000, and the daily i
arrivals of newspapers will average two hundred :
and fifty bushels. The business of the office has I
doubled within the last two years, with a pros- !
poet for a similar ineiease m the two years to i
, come. {
1 trust, under these circumstances, there will 1
be no hesitation on the part of the committee to j
adopt the recommendation of the Secretary, and i
authorize the enlargement proposed by this °
amendment.
Mr. fc>AGE, front the Committee of Ways and
Means, ottered the following amendment: |
To complete the rooms m the City Hall, I'tiea, New |
York, lor the ptoper accommodation <>t the 1'nited States !
district and cueuir courts lu !d in that city, ami then ofli ■
c< rs, as ffiK directed by t!ic Act of (Jonyro&s appioved 30th ■
of September, 1&>0, s." ,0(J0. I
The amendment was agreed to. i
Mr. GOODE offered the following amendment: j
For continuing the construction of the Washington aque- !
duct, NliOO.OOu. j
Mr. PRINGLK. 1 object to that amendment I
on the ground that there is no existing law for it, !
and never has been any law for it. j
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair would inquire !
of the gentleman from Virginia if there is any j
law authorizing the construction of this work? |
Mr. GOODE. There was a law passed making ;
an appropriation for a survey, and directing the
President to select a plan. The law was carried
into effect; a plan was adopted by the President.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair decidea that
the amendment is in order, as it is for the con-
tinuance of a work already commenced by the
Government.
Mr. GOODE. I desire to state that, as this
House knows, there have been two appropria-
tions made upon bills similar to this in two pre-
ceding sessions of Congress, which appropria-
tions are now exhausted. Contracts have been
made under these appropriations, which are not
completed, and for which the contractors have
not been paid. The appropriations having been
exhausted, the work will be suspended during
the coming winter, and will be exposed to ail the
injuries which may ensue from the inclemency of
the weather. It is necessary, therefore, in order
to avoid this evil, that an appropriation should
be made.
Furthermore, the stock now on hand, and the
property on hand, for the construction of the
work, will necessarily have to be sold, and the
Government have to encounter the loss conse-
quent upon such sale, if we do not make an
i appropriation which is obviously necessary. I
I hope there wiil be no objection to the amend-
j ment.
I Mr. OOVODE. I move to amend the amend-
! ment by reducing it to #100,000. I will state that
s an examination is being made by competent per-
i sons. A few figures were handed me this morn-
i ing, which show that the brickwork alone was
contracted for at twelve dullars per thousand, and
is now costing fifty-seven dollars per thousand.
The report will be made to the committee author-
ized to examine the question within two or three
days, which will satisfy every member of the
House that the whole scheme is wild, and that
some other arrangement ought to be made before
any more money is appropriated.
Air. GOODE. This woik was undertakon on
estimates made by competent engineers. But
there has been a systematic effoit to defeat it on
the part of tlnwe who are not known to the pub-
lic, but who deoire to get contracts. It is impor-
tant that tins House should know that tins work
is one which should be prosecuted, because it is
one which the necessities of the public demand.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman aiiow me
to explain? Instead of making an effort to get
up a company to build this work, I went to the
engineer, Captain Meigs, and proposed to him
that, if he would put it m proper shape, I would
vote for him.
Mr. GOODE. Who knows the gentlemen that
are brought forward here as contractors by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania?
Mr. COVODE. 1 say I do not ask for a com-
pany.
Air. GOODE. I say there is a systematic effort
to defeat this work—a woi k essential to the neces-
sities of the Government. And it is to be defeated
by men not known to the country, and to whom
there is no responsibility attached. Whom do
we bring- forwaid as the projector of this work?
A man acting on his responsibility as a public
agent, noting on ins professional responsibility,
as a man of distinction, in this country. It has
been often affirmed that no estimates have been
made for this work, and as often unavaihngly
have we referred gentlemen to the full estimates.
Gentlemen have often stated here that this work
, is to cost $10,000,000; but here are the ineontro-
j vertible proofs that it is not to exceed $2,000,000.
■ Three hundred and fifty thousand dollars have
been already appropriated to the work, and ex-
pended, and now, if the work is to be left in its
present condition, great losses will be sustained
by the Government fiom the frosts of acxt winter.
Is this work to be suspended, and the Govern-
ment to sustain such loss, all for the reason that
there are some persons, unknown to the House,
who are making private surveys, and private
estimates, so as to get contracts from the hands
of the Government? I trust the House will see
the necessity of making this appropriation; that
it will be made without hesitation; and that the
amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
will be voted down.
The amendment to the amend ment was rejected.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to amend the
amendment by decreasing the amount £50,000.
Mr. Chairman, my position on the subject of this
aqueduct has long since been defined in this
House. I defined my position in the last Con-
I made a proposition here which I think I
was equitable and fair, namely: that property
holders in Washington and Georgetown should
bear some proportion of the expenses. I do not
think it proper now to consume the time of the
House in discussing the propriety of carrying on
the work further at this time. I have announced,
during the present session of Congress, that in-
asmuch as some $350,000 have been expended. I
should cease any very decided opposition to the
measure. But, sir, we have had a very direct
expression of the sentiment of this House during
the present session of Congress, when, on the
yeas and nays being taken, a proposition to make
an appropriation for the work was defeated by a
majority of twenty-seven.
Mr. GOODE. Allow me to say, sir, that the
amendment was rejected on the main argument,
that it was not for a deficiency, and ought not to
be offered to the deficiency bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The gentleman from
Virginia may be correct with reference to the
particular bill to which the amendment was of-
fered; but I differ with him as to the argument
used against it. I take it that the vote by which
the House rejected the proposition by a large
majority was a decided expression of the senti-
ment of this House as to the continuing the
works at this time. I so regarded it then, and I
so regard it now; and I have only proposed my
amendment for the purpose of appealing to the
gentleman from Virginia and others who advo-
cate, and have advocated, the completion of this
work, that they should cease discussing the ques-
tion now, as, in my judgment, there is a decided
majority of the House against it; and all the time
consumed in discussing it is so much time taken
from the business of the House.
Mr. GOODE. I am much obliged to the gen-
tleman for his considcrateness.
Mr. KEITT. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Arkansas, because I think
the amount proposed in the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia is too small. I remem-
ber, when the gentleman from Virginia, some
months ago, proposed a similar amendment to
the deficiency bill, it was objected to, and the
amendment was rejected because it was not
proper to be inserted in the deficiency bill. I am
unwilling to consume the time of the committee
unnecessarily at this late period of the session;
but, sir, it seems to me that there is scarcely a
matter connected with our legislation of greater
importance than this, if 1 were satisfied that
there was a decided majority of the House against
the construction of the work, I would not occupy
even five minutes in discussing it; but I am not
satisfied that such is the fact.
Now, sir, I am in favor of, and I am surprised
at, the aversion which certain gentlemen in this
House manifest to cold water for them to drink.
[Laughter.] Perhaps they are influenced by an
argument which I once heard made against the
use of cold water, which was that, although there
were many instances in the Scriptures of wine
being drunk, there was but one instance of water
being called for, which was by Dives, and he
was where he ought to be, and did not get even
a drop. [Laughter.] Now, sir, I am in favor
of using water for other purposes than merely for
steam and navigation. I think it may be drunk
—perhaps not too much of it—but I think it is
occasionally useful for that purpose.
Mr. Chairman, this Government has already
expended $355,000 upon this enterprise. Appro-
priations have been made by different Congresses,
and the policy of constructing the work may be
considered as established. We are told that the
work can be proceeded with only during certain
portions of the year; that during certain months
in th° year no man, woman, or child there escapes
the chills and fever; and it is important, therefore,
that the appropriation should be made at once.
It is important, as a matter of economy, that the
appropriation should be made to carry on the
work before it crumbles by the hand of time, and
the $355,000 already expended is squandered to
no purpose. I hope the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Goode] will be agreed
to.
Mr. GREENWOOD, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. COVODE. I move to amend by diminish-
ing the appropriation $20,000. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, I discover by the concluding remarks of
