AEKWff TQ TffS pLOBg.
M
34TH CpNG....tST SESS.
Kanms Legislative Petition—Mr. Harlap.
S^NATp.
the authority of that provisional Legislature. He
also produces the original draft of the petition pre-
pared by a select committee of that Legislature,
■which he alleges was adopted in both branches
by a unanimous vote, to which he appends his
own affidavit in the fallowing words: -  
PlSTRICT or COLOMJJIA,
County and City of Washington, t<:
Personally appeared before the undersigned, duly author-
ised by few to administer oaths, Jattres H.' Lane, Senator
ftom Kansas, who,.being duly'sworn,upon hiadacn, stairs:
that tbe twenty four h^s^eeta of paper here to annejEed cpn-
tain the original draft of the memorial from the members of
the General Assemhly erf" Kansas,'Which convened stt To-
pekfc on the -4th Match last, W the Congress of the United
States, as reported to the said Assembly by John Hutchin-
son, Esq., cliaira(an of the eouunittee appointed to draft said
memorial ; as adopted By botli Branches of said Assembly;
as referred to the committee on revision, dnd intrusted
by mud committed to tills affiant, and from which xhe re-
vised cony was prepared whlch waS Bubmitted to the Senate
of the United Slates by General Caa, and which was the
subjetet of remark on Thursday last. ' " " '
Dated Washington city, tbe 14th day of April, 1856.
2>-8> LANE*
Sworn and subscribed before me this 14th April, 1858.
JojtttTMcLEfN,
Justice Svpreipe Court, "tTmlei Stafes.
I suppose, Mr. President, that the severity of
the criticisms prooounced by various Senators
on thisfloor on Thursday, including the direct
charge of fraud, and forgery, and imposition,
Would make it necessary for me, out of respect
for this body, to state the reasons that induce me
to reintroduce the same subject to the attention of
the Senate.1 The reasons assigned by honorable
Seh?tftfs for rejecting that petition as aftaud and
a forgery were to me unsatisfactory.' Hence, I J
YOtea against its rejection. |
It was charged that the body «if that paper and
the signatures attached thereto were all iri one
handwriting. But, if true, that fact does not
preclude'the possibility of its being-even an ori-
ginal paper. I suppose, if my name were attached
to a paper, by my authority, ih the handwriting |
of another, it is my act. But, in the next place, |
if it were m copy otf the original, the «stablisnment
of that fact would be proof of'its authenticity.
It would be a.little strange,..it seems to me,,to
deny th'e authenticity tif t!he -Bible because we are
unable -to lay our hands oh all the original iriaritfi
scripts asmey'/ell from the haiids'of the did pa-
triarchs, prophets, evangelists,sjjji ppoptlfis, }vhb
tire alleged toKavebeefl their authors. 'Although
Copied for the millionth time, pud read in this
cttuntry in adiffereMtenguagefroijl thelanguages
in which they wert oiigihany drafted; there' are
but few who doubt .their autheiiticity and gen-
uineness. '"   1' • '
r So I conclude in regard to the petition of the
members of the Kan sets free-^ftatd Legislature,
which Was uriderdiscu,ssiori pn Thursday last. If
the bpdy of the petition arid 'signatures Were in
the pattie handwriting, or iF it "were but a'p'opy Gf
{he original paper, It might still be authentic. It
seemed to me thai the only serious objection to
its authenticity and genuineness'was the absepce
of a responsible Voucher. It was said t6' have
been introduced surreptitiously.' It was said that
the jSenate h^d bee# imposed upon'; that "1 the
honorable Senator' who introduced it .had been
Overreached'; arid no one was foutfd to vouch for
the r^pectabflity of thegentlemari who placed it
III hi#'neinds. .This is the iital question. Does
the character of this gentleman who delivers it
'to the honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
.Cass,]:for presentation to the1 Senate, free it from
Suspicion?
' I will, therefore, ask the indulgence of the
Senate a few mortients',' while I attempt to inform
Senators who this James H. Lane is, -who wis
the bearer of that petition, and whose memorial
1 now present. ' r ''
r T wm remark in the outset, that I almost feel
ashamed, note, that I, waS riot' then able to rise at
fn^ seatarid tell at once who James H. Lane was;
but that inabflity "w&s largely shared, as it seemed
to rrte, wifholder and abler'SertatOrsOn th'isfloor,
Who ought to have been more conversant with the
history of the country rtMtin rny pelf. '*
' Siiiee theti, I have beeA looking into the history
of our country slightly; and "the firet fact I leata
in regard to this 'James H.' Lane, who was the
bearer of the petition rejetftfedttH TFhilrtdaylast aja
fraudulent,,is, that he iS' a pot )>y'coh-
version, but by conception and birth. His father,
Amos Lane, was twice the Democratic Speaker
of the House of Representatives of the State of
Indiana; and while a member of Congress he is
said to have been the wheel-horse of General
Jackson's administration. The first official notice,
however, that I find of this Mr. Lane is in the
Official Register, page 331, from which it seems
that* by tbe authority Of the administration of
Mr. Van Buren, he was appointed a postmaster
in the town of Lawrence burg, in the State of In-
diana. He held this position until July, 1840.
But, during the political canvass between General
Harrison and Mr. Tyler on the one side, and
Mr. Van Buren and Mr. Johnson on the other,
he resigned that office to enter the canvass as a
stump speaker, advocating the reelection of Mr.
Van Buren.
' The next notice I have of him is in 1844, in
Indiana, as a young and brilliant stump-orator,
supporting «? Jaines K. polk and George M.
Dallas," a prominent defender of Governor Dorr,
and ah admirer of the <l Lone Star." The next
official nqt'ice I have of this James H. Lane is in
1846, when a requisition was made by the Gov-
ernment on Indiana for volunteers to prosecute
the war with Mexico. He is said to have re-
?pqn(|ed to this call of Jjis country by raising a
ooitipany of volunteers in his immediate neigh-
borhood, uniforming them, and by marshaling
them into service at or near the town of New
Albany,'where, by the suffrages of the soldiers
ofth<Tthird regiment, he was elected to its com-
mand as colonel. The next account I hear of
him is in Mexico, at the battle of Buena Vista.
For a" history'of the part'he performed''on that
fielii of battle I refer the Seriate to the Executive
documents of the first session of the Thirtieth
Congress, vol. 2, on page 139. Geperal Taylor
says of this Jajpes Ji. Lane:
" The third Indiana regiment, under Colonel Lane, and
a fragment of the second, under Colonel Bowles, were as-
sociated with the Mississippi regiment during the greater
portion of the flay, and acquitted themselves creditably m
repulsing the attempts of the enemy to break that portion
ot our line."
On page 148 of the sapie document, General
JW6dl says oif him:
" T^lie enemy immediately brought forward a battery of
three pieces, and took a position on the extreme left of our
fine, under the mountain, and. commenced an enfilading
lire on our center, which , was Returned wltlisomueh effect
upon the advancing columns of the Mexicans, containing
ftealr six thousand lnfilritry and lancers, that it forced them
to keep to the upp£r side of the plateau, close under the
side tor themountain; and, instead of turning to the left
arid advancing on Our center itgalntt the heavy fire of so
mu<& well served artillery, continued its course perpendic-
ular to our line on'the' extreme left, crossed over the bed of
the dry torrent in the direction taken by our retreating rifle-
theit, keeping all tbe while close to the foot of the mount-
ain. -Colonels M&rshall and Yell, With' tlfeiir cAvulry com-
panies, ColomelMay, With the squadron of the first and
!*eearia dragoons, and Captain Pike's squadron, Arkansas
regiment, in connection with a brigade of infantry, formed
of tHe Mississippi regiment, the third Indiana, (Colonel
Lane,) and a fragment of the seeond Indiana regiment,
under Colonel Bowles, and Bragg's artillery, and three
pieces of Sbcrmah's battery, succeeded in checking the
inarch of this column."
On page 150 the same General says:
'.' Brigadier General Lane was very' active and prompt in
the discharge of his duty, and renderetlgoad service through-
out the day. He reports,.among many others, Qplonel Lane
and the third Indiana regiment as having done themselves
great credit."
Oil page .182 General Lane.says:
." This repulse discouraged tbe enemy; and the Mississippi
regiment and part of the secondlndiana, being joined by the
third.Indiana regiment, commanded by Colonel James II.
Laiie, now advanced up towards the' fbot of the mouhtbin
for the purpose of dislodging tbe enemy's force stationed
there* In this enterprise I was aided by Captain ———>•• 
battery of light artillery, and it was crowned with complete
success, the enemy retreating in disorder, and with im-
mense loss, back along the side of the mountain to the posi-
tion which they had occapied ia the morning; some flying
in terror up the sides of the mountain, and into the ravines,
while a few were taken prisoners." •
Again, on page 183 he says:
"Colonel J. flf. Lane and the third regiment of ipy
command were ordered Into the actiot go«£ after CotonH
Davis! and the coolness and bravery displayed by both tbe
officers and men of that regiment have rarely been equaled,
never 'surpassed, by any'troops at any time." They Tiave
done infinite hdnor to th£ State and nation that gave them
birth." - • ' . ' -
At page 185 the same Joseph - Lane, Brigadier
GerterAl, calls' 6h -Jttawfc - flL Lane to ihak,^' a
report to his superior officer, in person, in which
he says:
Mat 15,1847.
Colonel Lane : Please transmit to brigade headquarters
a full and detailed report of the gallant conduct of the third
regiment of Indiana volunteers at the memorable battfe of
9uena Vista. JOSEPH LANE,
Brigadier General.
, I will not read what James H. Lane said of
himself. But it wiJl be remembered by you,
Mr. President, that the volunteers froflv Indiana*
although so flatteringly mentioned in these reports
by their superior officers, were not content with
what was then said. They believed that they
were entitled to more credit than was awarded
t&em. It is claimed by them that when the left
wing was compelled to retreat in that desperate
conflict, the commander of the third—" the stead-
fast third "—regiment of the Indiana volunteers,
which had never faltered, contributed more largely
in retrieving the fortunes of the day than any
other division of dur army; that when that wing
was overwhelmed by superior numbers, by the
flower of the Mexicati army, commanded by Santa
Anna in person, young Lane, under the direction
of the superior officer, threw his regiment ob-
liquely across the plain in the rear, received the
retreating forces to which I have referred, and
there formed a new line of battle, consolidated
these forces, and finally succeeded in repulsing
the enemy; and that Lane, who is reported as
having been associated with the commander of
another regiment, was the actual commander who
directed every maneuver executed by the stead-
fast third.
Mr. President, "we have another notice of this
Jatpps H. Lane in 1847, when " the steady third,"
as it was denominated, was marched out of the
service. Under the direction of the Secretary of
War he immediately engaged in the organization
of the fifth regiment of Indiana volunteers, by
whom he was elected to its command, without
one dissenting voice, and thus became the only
officer during that war who raised a second regi-
ment, and returned to encounter again the perils
of the camp, which he had so recently left; to en-
gage again in fighting the battles of his country.
On his return from the halls of the Montezumas
he was awarded a compliment which, I believe,
no other officer of the Army ever received. He
was voted a beautiful sword, costing |700 or$&)0
—rnot by Congress, as far as I Jtnow, nor by a
State Legislature, that I am aware of, out of the
public treasure—but by the unanimous voice of
the soldiers pf (lis command out of their own
pockets, to "which every officer and every man
voluntarily contributed his proportion.
It is said by the journals of the State of Indiana
that the.flag of " the steady third" was sent to
her capital to be, deposited in her public archives
as a memento of the gallantry of her sons; and
it lies there now, all covered with battle marks,
as an evidence of their brilliant achievements.
On the occasipn of its presentation to the State,
it is said that thousands of her young men and
maidens assembled thereto welcome and to rejoice
with the victors; that old men and matrons came
tp weep oyer their young men slaughtered in
battle, whose flesh had been given as food to the
jackal! of the chaparral or to the condor of the
mountains, but whose 6on« had been borne back
by their_ companions jn arms for interment in
their native soil. There, again, sir, we hear the
name, of James H. Lane, in the silver tones of
the orator of the day, in toasts and resolutions,
and in long, loud peals of triumph.
Again, Mr.. President, we hear of this James H.
Lane among his Democratic friends of Indiana, in
the canvass of 1848. When, he was still covered
with the dust of the battle-field, his friends put
him on the.stump (taking advantage of his pop-
ularity as a soldier) to make speeches in favor of
the election of the honorable Senator from, Mich-
igan, [Mr. Cass,] to the.Presidency of the Ujiited
States; >for whopi, it is said, this .young P'W
Jdmes H. Lane, pronounced, during that canvapa
in that,State, more than one hundred speeches.
■ We next hear of him in a Democratic State
convention, held on the 8th of January, 1'849,
w'here lie w^nbjrtjna'ed as the Perndcranc emdt-
dute for Xt«u<(enaiU Govemar af Indiana. I refer
here to the Union of "January 16,-1849, No. 216:
CSJqitef Lai^,' (be ndmihefc' d>r Lieutenant Governor,
