390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
^ no person shall receive a majority of all the votes cast, being
^majority of a quorum, he shall again call the roll, andtfie
person who shall then receive the largestnumber of votes for
printer, being a majority of a quorum, shall thereupon be
elected printer of the House-of Representatives, and shall
be so declared by the Speaker.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I raise the ques-
tion of order, that the resolution is not in order
under the order of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the reso-
lution is not in order, pending the previous ques-
tion under -which the House is acting, the effect
of the resolution being to change the rules of the
House.
PAPERS REFERRED TO COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
unanimous consent to withdraw from the files of
the House the papers in the case of Thomas
Crown, and also in the case of Joseph Radcliff,
for the purpose of having them referred to the
Court of Claims. These cases are already before
that court, and I now merely request that the
papers may go there.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to inquire in reference
to the nature of the claim in regard to which the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Wright] makes
nis motion to refer. If it is a claim that comes
within the purview of a portion of the first sec-
tion of the act creating the Court of Claims, I
have no wish to interpose any objection. I have
no objection to referring to that court any claim
founded upon any law of Congress, or upon any
regulation of an executive department, or upon
any contract, express or implied, with the Gov-
ernment of the United States; but I wish to object
very decidedly to the reference of all other classes
of cases until wo know something of their nature.
The act provides that, in addition to the classes
of cases I have mentioned, the court shall also
have jurisdiction of all claims which may be re-
ferred to it by either House of Congress.
It has been claimed with great confidence—and
I am not prepared to say but claimed rightly—
that if either House refer a claim for the exten-
sion of a patent, or any other of a similar char-
acter, to that court, it gives to it jurisdiction of
the case. Now, to a reference of any such case
I object; but I have no objection to interpose in
regard to any claim coming under the three classes
I have first mentioned.
Mr. JONES. I would meiely suggest, in addi-
tion to the statement of the gentleman from Now
York, that in consideration of the fact he has
stated, it will bo better for the House not to refer
any papers to the Court of Claims, until wc have
hacl an opportunity of examining them.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Haven] whether the House did
not, at (he close of the last session, refer to that
court all cases upon which committees had re-
ported favorably, but which had not been reached
m tlie legislative action of the IIoiujc?
Mr. HAVEN. I am aware such action was
taken by the lustCongross; and it is owing to that
fact that my attention ha« been called to the sub-
ject; but for that it might have escaped my at-
tention.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I insist that this whole debate is
out of order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order while
the House is neung under the previous question.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move a suspension of
the rules to enable me to submit my resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is notin order, pending the
execution ol the order of the House for the elec-
tion of printer.
VOTE FOR PRINTER AGAIN.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce
the sixth time for primer of the House, with the
following result: Whole number of votes cast,
167; necessary to a choice, 84; of which—
Cornehus Wendell received 71
Orcin Follctt     .(35
Robert Fumaam  9
Nathan Servant 6
G. Knopp 5
John I). JDefiecs   4
ErhvaidMorri.-.  3
Bevciley Tucker  1
Charles Scnteile.    1
J. Thompson    1
R. W.Hughes  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Wendell—Messrs. Aiken,AUen,Barksdale,BeIl,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bocock,Bowie, Boycc, Branch,Brooks,
Burnett, John P. Campbell, Clingman, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Cox, Crawford, CuUen, Davidson, Dowdell, Ed-
mundson, Elliott, English, Eusti&, Faulkner, Florence, Fos-
ter, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goodp, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert,Hick-
man, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kidwell,
Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Millson, Paine, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Ruffin, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, Stephenson, Stewart, Svvope, Taylor,
Thurston, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Watkine,
Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
eofi'er.
For Mr. Follett—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Breton, Buffinton,
Burlingame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Colfax, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Dean, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Galloway,Giddings,Gilbert, Granger, Grow,
Robert R. Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Howard, Hugh&ton, Kel-
sey, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox,Letter, Mace,Matteson,Mc-
Caity, Moigan, Moruil, Mott, Murray, Norton, Parker,
Perry, Pike, Pringle, Ritchie*, Sabin,Sage, Sapp, Simmons,
Stanton, Tappan, Thoungton, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn,
Watson, Welch, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Farnham — Messrs. Broom, Carlile, Bayard
Clark, Henry Winter Davis, Evans, Harrison, Hoffman,
Reade, and William R. Smith.
For Mr. Serneant— Messrs. Ezra Clark, Ethendge, Ha-
ven, Robison, Todd, and Woodruff.
For Mr. Knapp—Messrs. Kennett, Lindley, Porter, Ca-
ruthers, and Moidecai Oliver.
For Mr. Defrees—Messrs. Dunn, Humphrey Marshall,
Rivers, and Scott.
For Mr. Morris—Messrs. Clawson, Pennington, and
Eobbiui.
For Mr. Tucker—Mr. Powell.
For Mr. Scn'-elle—'Mr. Andrew Oliver.
Foi Mr. Thompsonj—Mr. Meacham.
For Mr. Hughes—Mr. William Smith.
Ponding the call of the roll,
Mr. THURSTON stated that Mr. Peck had
paired off with Mr. Pettit.
Mr. SHERMAN also stated that he had paired
off for an hour and a half with Mr. Rust.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the further ex-
ecution of the order of the House in reference to
the election of public printer be postponed until
to-morrow. [Ciies of " No !" c< Call the roll/']
Mr. WvVLKER. The motion is out of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion to postpone the furtherexecution
of the House is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. After the call for
the previous question has been seconded, and
the main question has been ordered to be now
put?
The SPEAKER. Yes; the previous ques-
tion received a second, and the House ordered
that the mam question be now put on the resolu-
tion. Under that order the House agreed to the
resolution.
Mr. JONES. What was the main question
but an execution of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The main question directed
an immediate vote to be put on the resolution,
which vote the House has taken. The gentleman
from Ohio now moves to suspend the further
execution of the order until to-morrow.
Air. JONES. If the motion be in order, and
it is carried, the resolution would then, it seems
to me, never come up again. If the Chair holds
that voting under the resolution is execution of
it, then it would certainly never come up any
more. I ask that the resolution be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolrrd, That the House do now proceed to the election
ol'pubJie printer.
The SPEAKER. The opinion of the Chair
is, that the main question is exhausted by the
adoption of the resolution and the execution of
the order under it.
Mr. .10NES. If the further execution of the
order be postponed, when, in the opinion of the
Chair, will it come up again?
Mr. UNDER WOOD. I would inquire of the
Chair whether my proposition to apply the plu-
rality rule to the election of public printer is not
now in order? I again submit the proposition, and
demand that the question of order be definitely
determined.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio takes precedence of the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. HOUSTON. The resolution which has
just been read has been adopted, and now consti-
tutes an order of the House. Can that order be
dispensed with unless by a two-third vote? The
resolution is an injunction that we now proceed
to discharge a certain duty. "We are now engaged
in the discharge of that duty.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Is discussion in order?
Mr. HOUSTON. I merely make a suggestion.
We are in the discharge of a duty under the reso-
lution, and I ask the Chair whether it is in order
to make the postponement contemplated by the
resolution of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] unless by a vote of two thirds?
The SPEAKER. The motion for its adoption
does not require a two-third vote, inasmuch as it
proposes no change of the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not hold the opinion
that a clear majority of the House can get rid of
the order, in the execution of which we are now
engaged.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. That is not the
question before us.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from Ohio moves that
the further execution of the order in reference to
the election of public printer be postponed until
to-morrow. The Chair decides the motion to be
in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If that is the
Chair's decision, I beg most respectfully to take
an appeal. I believe that the question, if post-
poned, will never come up again.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that if the resolution be postponed it will come
up again for the action of the House the very day
and hour to which it is postponed. It is in
itself a matter of privilege, for it affects the or-
ganization of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I move that the
further consideration of the resolution be post-
poned until the 4th of March, 1857.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
tha t the proposition of the gentleman from Georgia
amounts to an indefinite postponement of the res-
olution; that it includes the entire term for which
members arc elected, and is therefore not in order.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I modify it, and pro-
pose that the further execution of the order be
postponed until the 3d of March, 1857.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to—there being, on a division of the
House, only twenty-six in the affirmative; noes
not counted.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,] that the further execution of the order
of the House in reference to the election of public
printer, be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to take an
appeal, if the Chair decides that it is in order
to move a postponement after the main question
has been ordered to be now put.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee appeals from the Chair's decision, that the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio is in order.
The question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the House ?"
Mr. WASKBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the appeal be laid upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. J ONES. Mr. Speaker, I am not disposed
to embarrass the House; and if it is the wish of a
majority of members to postpone the further ex-
ecution of the order of the House, they can do so
in a diiect vote. I withdraw my appeal from the
Chair's decision.
The SPEAKER. The question again recurs
on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, to
postpone the further execution of the order of the
House until to-morrow.
Mr. WALKER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understand that the
previous question has not been called on the mo-
tion to postpone; and presuming that my propo-
sition for the application of the plurality rule to
the election of public printer, is m order, I now
submit it as a substitute for the pending motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's proposition
is not relevant to the mouon for postponement.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. But I propose it as a
substitute for the pending proposition.
The SPEAKER, it is the opinion of the Chair
that the proposition of the gentleman from Ken-
i Wacky is not in order as a substitute for the
