880
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 14,
34th Cong 1st Sess.
Kansas Legislative Petition—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
comnaoded the third regiment of Indiana volunteer# at
the battle of Buena Vista, ami conducted himselt with such
skill and bravery, as to draw lortli the Highest commenda-
tion of his commanding officer. He wiU give ought and
strength to the ticket."
And by the Union of August 12th, No. 88, and
August 15th, No. 90, of 1849, we learn that the
supposed popularity of Governor James A.
Wright was greatly surpassed bv voung Lane—
especially in the southern part of the State where
he was best known.
We next hear of him in a Democratic conven-
tum, in February, 1851, as a nominee for State
elector for FrantHn Pitrct; and, unfortunately
for the country 1 fear, he was elected, and aided
to cast the electoral vote of Indiana for Pierce
and King.
During the same year he was nominated by
the Democratic party, and elected to Congress, as
it is stated by the public journals, by one thou-
sand majority, in a district of doubtful politics.
Here "let me say to the Senate, thnt by the
suffrages of the people of Indiana, this young
man, James H. Lane, presents an anomaly.
While he was still Lieutenant Governor of In-
diana, the presiding officer of her Senate, he was
a senatorial presidential elector, and a member
elect of the other branch of Congress; thus, at
the same moment, holding three important and
distinguished offices. I repeat, sir, he was, at
the same moment, the second executive officer
of the State of Indiana—Lieutenant Governor,
senatorial State elector, and a member of Con-
gress.
We hear of him next, Mr. President, while a
member of Congress, standing out boldly in the
first instance in opposition to the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill; but under the advice and
influence of men of greater experience as states-
men, the leaders of his party, and under the in-
fluence of the instructions gotten up by those
leaders in his own district, through the action
of executive officers, finally votin  for that bill;
as will be seen by reference to the House Journal
of the first session of the Thirty-Third Congress,
page 923. Here we lose sight of him for a time,
whilst a very strange scene is transpiring on the
borders of Missouri, as the fruits of the passage
of the bill for which he had cast his vote under the
influences to which I have referred.
I referred to those scenes briefly on another
occasion; and but for the somewhat severe remarks
of the honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Getes,] I should forbear alluding to them now.
I then stated substantially—what I then believed
and still believe to be true—that the people of an
adjoining State marched over into that Territory,
and by false swearing in some districts, and by
force and intimidation in others, using guns and
knives and revolvers, driving away the officers
of the elections where necessary forthat purpose,
cast their votes in sufficient numbers to control ;
the character of the first Territorial Legislature;
which adopted laws in violation of the rights of
freemen, in violation of the freedom of speech
and of the press, and in violation of the right of
the elective franchise—and appointed executive
officers to enforce these laws.
The honorable Senator from Missouri called
on me the other day, not only as a member of
this body, but as a Christian gentleman, to retract
this statement. Let me say to that honorable
Senator, that if the oath of office taken by me but
a few months since, as a member of this Senate,
can receive any greater solemnity from the con-
sideration to which he alluded, it only furnishes
an additional reason why I am unable to make
the retraction which the honorable Senator re-
quires. _ Could I do so truthfully, no one would
esteem it a greater privilege; but, sir, the every-
day history of that country furnishes new evi-
dence of the truth of those statements.
I know, sir, that the honorable Senator from
Louisiana said, in his speech of last Thursday,
" It was a perfectly vain and Idle thing for a mall frac-
tion, a minority of the people of that Territory, thai to act.
Gentlemen may «ay to the contrary a* much as they ptoaae;
but, so far as authentic information is concerned, we know
that they are a minority. We are not to be led from the
Mate of facts on this question by repeated asseverations
here on this floor, utterly void of proof. We know from
evarvtbiac authentic that has come before the Congress of t
the United States, that (he people Who undertook to estab- '
11 lish an independent Government are a minority of the
I inhabitants of that Territory; and yet a minority on the
' record, a minority according to everything authentic that
has been communicated to Congress, those who assume
their defense on this floor undertook to speak to the country
on the undoubted assumption that they are a majority of
the people, and that those who are there representing the
regularly-constituted Government, under onr acts, are in a
pitiful minority."
Now, sir, in reply to this grave charge, let me
quote a statement of facts contained in an emana-
tion from the " office of the La Fayette Kansas
Emigration Society, La Fayette county, Missouri,
March 25, 1856;" ««to the people of the southern
States." It is published in the National Intelli-
gencer of April 11, 1856. They say in this com-
munication to the people of the southern States:
" How, then, shall these impending evils be avoided ?
The answer is obvious. Settle tke Territory with emigrants
fromtkt Soutk. The population of the Territory at this time
is about equal, as many pro-slavery settlers as Abolitionists;
but the fanatics have emissaries in all the free States en-
gaged in collecting money and enlisting men."
Mark you, it is said that the pro-slavery men
and the free-State men are about equal. This is
the language of the Missourians themselves, in
an address " to the people of the southern States,"
in which they call on them to send them at least
ten thousand voters between this and the ap-
proaching election of October next. Then, in the
! opinion of people living on the western border of
I Missouri, the free-State men are not a miserable
minority. In the same paper, they say:
" The western counties of Missouri have for the last two
years been heavily taxed, both in money and time, in fight-
ing the battles of the South. La Fayette county alone has
expended more than % 100,000 in money, and as much, or
more, in time. Up to this tune the border counties of Mis-
souri have upheld and maintained the rights and interests
of the South in tliis struggle unassisted, and not unsuccess-
fully. "
In corroboration of the truth of the history
of the statements made by me, which were called
in question by the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, I will read from letters which I have
received during the winter, some of which, at the
time, I supposed to he of sufficient importance to
induce me, in the dead hour of the night, to go to
the executive mansion to lay them before the
President of the United States. I refer to this fact
merely as an evidence of the convictions produced
on my own mind that the state of facts there al-
luded to really existed. I read from a letter dated
at Lawrence, December 4, 1856:
" Since my last there has been no especial excitement In
or around Lawrence; but the pro-slavery men seem de-
termined to rush right on to destruction. At our late elec-
tion on the constitution i n Leavenworth city the ' mobocrats
forcibly took the ballot-box and poll-books,' and entirely
destroyed them. But they were not content with that small
business. On the night of the 22d ultimo they took the
printing press of the Territorial Register, at Leavenworth
City, and, as they did with the Parkville Luminary, they
cast it into the Missouri river. I have heard of other out-
rages, but am not prepared to say that it is so. But has the
day amved that the press must advocate but one principle,
or be destroyed? The only charge against the Register
was, that the editor had lately identified himself with the
lree-State party.
" They continue their insults and injuries almost daily.
Now, if you and your friends can do anything for us, please
accept our constitution, and give us a State government as
soon as possible. If there is any consutntional difficulty in
the way of receiving our constitution, I hope you will de-
vise some plan to furnish us protection from the invasion
of snch an insulting and injuring mob.
" None but they who have experience can realize the
feelings of persons in our condition. We have no security
for our persons or our property. We have no law whatever,
as you are apprised that we do not recognize the enactments
of the late ' Missouri-Kansas Legislature.' I feel confident
you will do all you can for us, but you must excuse me for
urging you so strongly and so repeatedly."
I read again from a letter dated January 25:
" I am sorry to inform you that we are again threatened
with destruction. So threatening are the aspects that onr
commanding officers have commenced making every prep-
aration for an attack. Probably you may imagine our feel-
ings; it would be hard to describe them."
" The awful tragedy to which I referred In the death of 1
Mr. Brown, has produced tremendous excitement. What
the end will be God only knows !"
Here let me state, sir, on authority which I
deem reliable, the facts connected with the murder ,
of Brown. He was taken prisoner by a company j
of Missourians when driving his team along the i
road, on his personal and private business. He J
was taken to a house in the adjoining neighbor-
hood, and, after a consultation, they notified him
that he must die. He pleaded with them to give
j a chance for his life; not to murder him in II
cola blood; but to let him have an opportunity, l|
with or without arms, to fight any one of them,
or any two of them whom they might indicate.
They refused to accede to his chivalrous wish;
tied a rope around his neck; dragged him from
the room; and, as he emerged into the open air,
he was there attacked with hatchets and knives,
and literally chopped to pieces. They then kicked
him to his own wagon—they would not lay their
hands on a " d—u Abolitionist" to carry him;
and with his own team drove him to his home to
his family—a young wife and an infant child-
threw open the door, and pitched him in, where,
in a few moments, he gasped his last. This is
the circumstance to which the writer refers when
he says,'' What the end will be God only knows!"
The letter continues:
'* Now, sir, it does seem to me it might be stopped in a
short time if the proper authorities would only take hold
of it right, Is there no remedy for us in Kansas ?
" I discover, from the President's message, thai he there
promises protection to the citizens of Kansas. If such is
his intention, why does he not do it, and do it at once ?
Here are the men, right on the ground, that could protect
and give peace—two forts here at hand full of soldiers;
nothing to do but give the orders, and the work is done. The
President pleads that nothing has occurred but such as is
common on the border where there are conflicting inter-
ests.
*' Now I ask what must occur that would be worthy of
attention from his excellency the President? If to invade
by hundreds, shoot an innocent man unarmed on his way
to his family in cold blood, as was Mr. T. W. Barber, or
miserably mangle and literally chop, beat, and butcher, a
man, as was Mr. Brown a few days since, and numberless
other outrages that are too Bhameful to even mention, are
not worthy of attenuon, I again ask what under heaven
must occur that will claim attention nnd protectionI say
emphatically, after traveling some two thousand or more
miles in the Territory, and calling among all classes, stop-
ping at all times—day and night almost—I have with very
few exceptions found tliem, the citizens of Kansas, an
order-loving, law-abiding, peaceable people. The excep-
tions to which I refer are among all classes. But I must
say many of the invaders—though there were exceptions
even there—were a reckless set, cursing the Union and
everything else that did not give in to their peculiar nouons
of matters and things. It happened to be my lot to mingle
sotne, and hear much, of their filthy communication, in
their late invasion ; and the following was a frequent re-
mark among the lower rabble, especially in reference to
Lawrence: 'Kill every man without distinction that is for
a free State, and ravish every woman.' "
The PRESIDENT. One o'clock, the hour ap-
pointed for the special order, haa arrived, and it
will be taken up unless ordered otherwise by the
Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask unanimous consent to
continue.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope we shall dispose of
the question of the reception of this petition. I
i shall raise the question of reception when the Sen-
ator concludes, and I shall show that there is now
conclusive evidence that the petition which was
before presented Was a forgery.
Mr. FOOT. If the gentleman will allow me,
1 desire to call up the bill which was made the
special order for to-day at twelve and a half o'clock
—not for the purpose of asking for its considera-
tion now, but rather to take it out of the way, and
have another day fixed for its consideration.
The PRESIDENT. The first special order is
, the (notion made by the Senator from Arkansas
j [Mr. Johnson] to refer to the Committee on
j Printing the motion of the Senator from Califor-
; nia [Mr. Weller] to print ten thousand addi-
tional copies of the Kansas message.
Mr. FOOT. I alluded to the special order for
twelve and a half o 'clock.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move to postpone all prior
orders, to enable the Senator from Iowa to con-
tinue his remarks, and to enable us to dispose of
the question of reception. I think it is due to
the subject to do so. I am prepared now to show
conclusively that the other petition was a forgery
to all intents and purposes, and I will show it by
the documents presented here to-day.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Vermont submit a motion ?
Mr. FOOT. Yes, sir. My motion is to take
up for consideration the bounty land bill, with
a view to postpone it to another day, and make
it the special order for another time. I will say
Thursday next, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg leave to suggest to
my friend from Vermont, that the bill to which
he alludes is an important one, and we had better
take it up to-morrow morning at the meeting of
the Senate at twelve o'clock.
Mr. FOOT. 1 should have made that motion,
