1116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
portion of the United States. If the day should
ever come when every port shall feel it to be its
own interest to make its own harbors, and when
there shall be such a competition that the port
at this place and at that place will depend on the
exertions of the parties interested, we shall have a
better system than under this general guardian-
ship of a few individuals^in Congress appropria-
ting'money according to their standard of wisdom.
Sir, there is the Mediterranean, to which my
friend from Kentucky had alluded, with different
ports. Who improves them? Italy, Spain, and
a portion of France border on that sea. I sup-
pose there might be a general system by the
confederation of those Powers by treaty; out I
venture to say, that if they carried out a general
system, they would not allow one State to
appropriate all the money to the exclusion of the
others. I can answer for that much.
Whilst the Mississippi runs, it will be the great
■prototype of American character and American
commerce; and if I had it in my power, consist-
ently with my notions of the Constitution, I
"would make it what the Egyptians made the
Kile. In factitis already becoming so. I think
classical gentlemen will recognize the truth of
what I say, when I remark that the Nile was
made a god because it took the rains ^of heaven
from wherever they descended and fertilized the
plains. I say of the Mississippi, that no such
river has ever flowed with such peculiarities,
running from north to south through all the de-
grees of latitude included within the United
States—and I may say within North America.
If that river took its course from one ocean to the
other, I do not know of any power that would
be so great and so unjust. Thank God, however,
it runs by the laws of God,from north to south;
and that secures this much, that all of us have at
least some of the advantages of its fertilizing
effects—
Mr. CASS. Fertilization.
Mr. BUTLER. Thank you.
Mr. CASS. It is very seldom that the gentle-
man needs any prompting; I have never known
an instance before.
Mr. BUTLER. I have to thank my friend
on more occasions than one, for I believe he uses
language with better propriety than most of us
here.
Now, sir, I know that Mr. Calhoun did main-
tain that the Mississippi was an inland sea, and
that by the settlements upon its banks it had
assumed a dignity equal to the Atlantic coast at
the adoption of the Federal Constitution. He
truly said that the power to regulate commerce
through the Mississippi was an immense one.
My friend from Michigan, however, knows how
I differed from Air. Calhoun.
Mr. CASS. True.
Mr. BUTLER. When he undertook to limit
the dignity of a river, and to say that one which
ran through three States was entitled to an appro-
priation from the public Treasury, I said here
then, as I say now, in the face of the tribunal to
which I am willing at all times to appeal, it is a
fallacy. Mr. Calhoun heard me use stronger
language than that.
Mr. CASS. I heard it.
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir, you did hear it, and
I believe you very often hear what I say on this
subject. The result of this doctrine, however, is
that no money can be appropriated for rivers of
any of the Atlantic States. I believe it has been
said here that Virginia had her own rivers; that
all hei waters rose within her own boundaries,
and that therefore she could not have a dollar of
appropriation. It was replied that she might
have appropriations for her sea-board ports. Sir,
upon that point I tell you that Deity has done
more than man can ever do; and I doubt very
much whether the intermeddling of man with
those ports has not done harm, except in the erec-
tion of light-houses to show people where to come
in. I think I may apply tins remark to the har-
bor of Charleston. 1 believe that $50,000 is the
extent of the appropriation for dredging the har-
bor of Charleston.
No, sir.
How much?
Two hundred thousand dol-
Mr. STUART.
Mr. BUTLER.
Mr. STUART.
lars.
Mr. BUTLER.
If the young, brilliant, and dashing Vister of the
When was it appropriated?'
Republic, (Michigan,) only about eighteen years
of age, is to come in and claim as much as South
Carolina, which is seventy years old, it will be a
very unfair thing. [Laughter.]
Mr. CASS. You make no allusion to me?
[Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. South Carolina is old
enough to be put on the retired list. [Laughter.]
Mr. BUTLER. Yes, sir; but it would be un-
fair that a State having an existence of only ten
or fifteen years should come in and claim an
equality of appropriation for these objects with
one that has had an existence for fifty, or sixty,
or seventy, or eighty years.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. You are old enough to
take care of yourselves.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, sir, if gentlemen from
that part of the country require guardians, I sup-
pose I must do the best I can for them. [Laugh-
ter.] I do not believe that any appropriation of
money to dredge out the channel of Charleston
has done any good. I believe that the winds of
heaven will blow the sands into the very place
from which the dredges of the contractors have
taken them out. I think the same thing in the
main of the lakes. I doubt much whether this
whole attempt to regulate waters by the appro-
priation of money is not of doubtful expediency,
without touching the question of constitutionality.
So far as regards light-houses and similar appli-
ances, the question is a different one. Thoy have
always existed throughout the civilized world.
If each port would improve its own harbor, I
think it would be the better plan. I am opposed
to appropriating the public money for such pur-
poses; but according to the suggestion of the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, if it is to be
done, and the minority is to be controlled by it,
let it bo done by the intelligence of a majority
exercising a jurisdiction over the whole subject,
and not by a partial system.
Mr. YULEE. I do not wish to detain the
Senate on tins subject, nor have I any idea of en-
tering into the discussion of the general principle
of internal improvements; but I think great con-
sideration is due to the suggestion of the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] with which
I concur entnely—that if we aie to act upon this
subject, and to make appropriations, it is much
better that the Committee on Commerce should
present to the Senate some well considered, di-
gested, and connected plan of action. Although
I might not, on account of the views which I
entertain of the powei%of Congress, vote for such
appropriations, I should deem it my duty to con-
tribute in the work of preparation to such a sys-
tem, if it were to be undertaken.
Now, m respect to this particular bill. It pro-
poses an appropriation for a new work at a place
entirely unknown to those members of the body
who are not familiar with the localities on the
lakes. It is accompanied with no report from
the committee. I am utterly ignorant of the
necessity or the propriety of the construction of
this harbor, and the accuracy of the judgment
which the Committee on Commerce have formed
as to the amount of the cost of the work. No
means of information is presented to us.
Where is Marquette ? I do not know that the
name has ever occurred in the legislation of Con-
gress heretofore. Icannot find that there has been
any survey made; I cannot find that there has
been any estimate; I cannot find that there has
been any recommendation from a Department; I
do not know that there has been even a memorial
for the construction of this harbor; I do not know
how the Committee on Commerce obtained juris-
diction in rcspect to this particular matter. In
regard to all these points, we are utterly in the
dark, for the bill is accompanicd with no report
of the Committee on Commerce, and we have no
explanation from any member of the committee.
This is requiring us to vote in the daik.
How many harbors are there on Lake Supe-
rior ? How many are necessary to be constructed ?
What is the commerce there requiring it? On
all these points we are without information.
Then, when you have provided for the coast of
Lake Superior, have you provided for all the other
lakes—for all the other rivers? And have you
provided for the harbors of all the sea-coast, which
is as much—I will not say more—entitled to
appropriations for that purpose, and to a fair dis-
tribution of the funds of the Treasury, as the
harbors upon the lakes?
The Senator from Michigan, a member of the
Committee on Commerce, [Mr. Stuart,] informs
us that he has reported bills for eleven specific
and different improvements within the limits of
the State of Michigan. He says that they are
to cost, by the estimate of the committee, and by
the appropriation proposed to be made, half a
million dollars or more; that they would cost,
according to the estimate made by the officers
of the Topographical Bureau, more than two
millions of dollars. Is there a dollar appropri-
ated in these bills for the State which I represent?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. YULEE. Allow me to ask what is it, for
I have not presented any such measure myself?
If there be an appropriation for Florida, it is but
a trifle. How many other States are without pro-
vision ? Is there a fair distribution ? When you
propose to embark in improvements in Michigan,
which will cost admittedly, by the estimates of
the committee, §500,000, and by the estimates of
the officers, $2,000,000, have you appropriated
an equivalent—a just proportion of the funds of
the Treasury—to all the other States which
require equal improvementof their harbors ? You
may tell me that on the sea-coast there are harbors
already, which admit vessels of a certain class;
but unless you can provide harbors in all the
States of the Union upon the sea-board, for ves-
sels of every class which navigate the ocean, you
do not bring them up to the condition in which
you propose to place the harbors of the lakes.
Mr. STUART. In reply to the inquiry made
a few moments ago by the Senator, I will mention
that bill No. 173 was reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce by the Senator from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Benjamin,] for the improvement of
the harbor of Appalachicola.
Mr. YULEE. How much does that bill ap-
propriate ?
Mr. STUART. I do not recollect the amount.
Mr. YULEE. I suppose it is some $5,000 or
$6,000.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will see that the
sea-board, the lakes, and the rivers, have differ-
ent appropriations. So much has been said about
separating these questions, that it seemed to me
Senators have never turned their attention to the
veto message of the President of the United States
which imperatively demands it. He insists that
each case shall be submitted to him separately.
Mr. YULEE. It is possible that the commit-
tee may have reported a bill, of which T have
never heard, appropriating five thousand or six
thousand dollars, or some very small amount, for
the improvement of a harbor in Florida.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Florida
will permit me to say that I reported that bill for
the improvement of the harbor at Appalachicola,
which was submitted to the Senate by his col-
league, and the appropriation is $32,000.
Mr. YULEE. That is more liberal than any
appropriation which I have ever known for such
a purpose in Florida; but yet it is a bill which I
cannot vote for, and shall not vote for, because it
does not come within my views of the constitu-
tional power of Congress.
These bills, it is true, are reported, but going
separately what assurance have we that they will
all pass? The bills reported for the northwest,
for the lakes, connected as they are with the com-
mercial interests of the East, may, by combina-
tion, create an influence which will carry them
through the House; but what assurance have we
that the bill' reported for Florida, or the bills
for sections of the Union which are not able to
combine such influence, will pass the House? It
would be contrary to custom that they should; I
will give a single instance. I may allude to the
grants of alternate sections of the public lands for
the construction of railroads in the new States.
The northwestern States, connected as they are
with the commercial interests of the northeastern
States, have always been able to create influence
enough in the House to carry their bills through;
but Florida, with her one vote, has never been
able to obtain a single one of them. The north-
western States obtained large grants of alternate
sections of land for the construction of railroads.
Florida has never received one acre; yet she has a
larger area of the public domain belonging to the
United States than any other State of the union.
