1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
34th Coin?.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Legislative Petition—Mr. Harlan.
Senate.
but it is understood that the honorable Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Cm] has the floor to-mor-
row on another and more engrossing subject.
Mr. BRODHEAD.. He has the floor for one
o'clock. 
Mr. WELLER. For the purpose of avoiding
as fiiras possible interfering with the other busi-
ness of the Senate, 1 gave notice three weeks ago
that to-day, at one o'clock, 1 should ask the Sen-
ate to proceed to the consideration of the bill for
the construction of a railroad from the Missis-
sippi river to the Pacific ocean. I am exceedingly
desirous that the bill should be taken up to-day,
for 1 wish to have early action on it. I cannot
consent that that bill shall be postponed for the
purpose of continuing the discussion which has
been commenced to-day. It is certainly an un-
profitable one to the country.
The PRESIDENT. The question ia on the
motion of the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I took the floor, and had
not yielded it for that question. My motion
has priority—to postpone all the prior orders, to
allow the Senator from Iowa to conclude his
remarks.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator move
to postpone all the special orders ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir. I made that mo-
tion, and the Senator from Vermont made his
suggestion while I was still on the floor, and
before I had yielded it.
Mr. FOOT. 1 withdraw my motion, and give
notice of my purpose to call up the bounty land
bill to-morrow, immediately after the meeting of
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning all special orders assigned for to-day at
one orlock, until the same hour to-morrow.
Mr. HOUSTON The gentleman from Ala-
bama has the floor on a special order to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT. There are several special
orders for to-morrow at one o'clock—as many as
seven or eight. It will be in the power of the
Senate to-morrow to determine to which they
will give preference.
Mr. SEWARD. Let us get through with this
now.  
Mr. WELLER. I hardly think this is fair.
I gave notice three weeks ago of my intention to
call up to-day the bill for the construction of a
Pacific railroad, for the very purpose of prevent-
ing the Senate from assigning any special order
for this day. Now, it seems a discussion has
grown up this morning on a petition which is
wholly out of order, and I am asked to forego
my special order, to give way to this debate. I
need not say to the Chair that this whole debate
is outof order. Under the rales ofthe Senate the
Senator from Iowa had no right to do anything
except to state briefly the contents of the memo-
rial. Instead of doing that, he has gone on with
what 1 might properly denominate a stump
speech,certainlybettersuited to some other forum
than the Senate; but dt gvstibui won est dispvtan-
dum. I will not interfere to-morrow with my
friend from Alabama. He has obtained the floor,
and I know that he desires to discuss the ques-
tion, but where am I to stand with my railroad
bill} When am I to get the consideration of the
Senate on that? I have charge of the three mil-
lion bill also. That has been partly discussed,
and that is among the unfinished business, and is
called up occasionally. There is a motion, to
which you have just alluded, sir, which I also
had charge of, and that is among the unfinished
business. In consequence of this condition of
things, I am in the position of an unfinished man.
[Laughter.]
_ Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I raise the ques-
tion of order; that when a gentleman is upon the
floor, and addressing the Senate on any subject,
it is not competent to call for the special order,
until finished.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary win read
the rule. The Chair will submit that question to
the Senate, aa it seems to have been one of doubt.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am decidedly of the same
opinion as the honorable Senator from Texas.
The PRESIDENT. The Secretary will read
the 31st rule.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
"Tl* special order of the day «haU not be called by the
Chair before one o'clock, unless otherwise directed by the
Senate."
The PRESIDENT. The Chair, under that
rule, considers it his dutyto call for the special
order at one o'clock. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Illinois, to postpone
all the special orders of the day until to-morrow
at one o clock.
Mr. RUSK. Is the question of order over-
ruled ? There is no difficulty about postponing
the special orders, but I desire to have the ques-
tion of order settled.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Let us get through with
this petition to-day.
Mr. HARLAN. I have been in the Senate
something over three months, and I have not
occupied the floor three hours during that time.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair would be very
glad to have the question settled as to whether it
is his duty at one o'clock to call the special order
of the day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask that the vote be taken
on my motion. Let the Senate get through with
this question, and we can settle tlie point of order
raised by the Senator from Texas on the next
occasion when it shall be presented.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Texas insist on his point of order.'
Mr. RUSK. I will not insist if the Senate is
willing to go on with the debate now; but I give
notice that I shall raise the point of order again
on some other occasion.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will insist on
the construction which he gives to the rule, and
will pursue the course which it indicates, unless
otherwise ordered by the Senate. The question
is on the motion to postpone all the special orders
for to-day, until to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Iowa
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BUTLER. I have a right to know, as a
privileged question, what is the motion submitted
by the Senator from Iowa?
Mr. HARLAN. To refer the petition to the
Committee on Territories.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is present-
ing a petition.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Iowa has risen to present a petition. I
intend to raise a question on its reception, as soon
as I can get the floor for that purpose.
Mr. BUTLER. I think that is a privileged
question, and it should take precedence in any
point of view.
Mr. HARLAN. I continue the reading of the
letter which 1 commenced before the interruption:
" Are these things bare trifles, only what occurs on the
! border from conflicting interests? At tbe time of this writ-
ing, tbe cold is intense in the extreme. The snow flies, the
1 wind in whistling, and it is all we can do to get along in our
little cabins; yet our men must be out day and night. What
for ? to watch those that ought to be our neighbors. They
are again threatening, twearing, and making arrangements
to < pitch in' upon us."
The writer of these letters was elected chaplain
by the last Legislature of Iowa, is now a citizen
of Kansas, is a gentleman of unswerving truth,
and of the highest moral integrity. I have not
the slightest doubt but it is an accurate and truth-
ful representation of the facts transpiring around
him. I refer to them for a double purpose. First,
to show that the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, who desired me to retract my previous
statements on this subject, is himself probably in
error. And secondly, as an exhibit of the facts
and circumstances that surrounded this James H.
Lane when he made his next appearance before
the public.
It was during the time these outrages were
transpiring—when every press that would not
submit to be muzzled was destroyed—when
every editor who would not denounce freedom
' and defend slavery, was tarred and feathered—
when free State citizens were driven with violence
from their homes, or murdered in cold blood—
when large bodies of armed men were making
the open threat to drive from the country or de-
stroy every free State man, and to violate the
purity of the more defenseless citizens, that James
H. line, true to his original instincts, is heard of
again in Kansas at the city of Lawrence, making
I a Democratic speech. Yes, sir, he was attempt
; ing to rally the Democracy on the platform of
1852. To a man who had been born and nur-
tured a Democrat, a man who had been fighting
her battles for about sixteen years, Democracy
was the great panacea for all these irregularities.
But, sir, being unable to organize that party on
any other platform than the slavery plank—and
these outrages continuing, and the country being
invaded by large forces from Missouri, who threat-
ened the destruction of the people and the demo-
lition of their towns, this James H. Lane acceded
to the wishes of his fellow-citizens, and took
command of their armed forces and put the town
of Lawrence in a state of defense. And, as at
the battle of Buena Vista, he again proved more
i than a match for the invaders.
Governor Shannon is convinced of his previous
errors, and is compelled to solicit the assistance
of the officers ana men whom he had come to
destroy, to assist in removing the invaders from
the Territory.
The territorial government proving a failure—
being impotent and worthless, affording no pro-
tection for life, liberty, or property—being com-
pelled to rely on themselves alone for safety; the
murderers of Collins, and Dow, and Barber, and
Brown being at large; the territorial government
being unable or unwilling to arrest them; the
' perpetrators of minor offenses stalking abroad
| with impunity, the people were driven to resort
to the organization of some kind of government
for themselves, not in opposition to any other
government, but in opposition to the mob vio-
lence to which they had been subjected. And
you next hear of Mr. Lane at the Topeka con-
vention, participating with the people in devising
means for their safety and protection. Having
been a member of Congress at that time, ana
having aided in the enactment of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, he proceeded to advise the people
—"according to tne true intent and meaning of
that bill"—to take the necessary steps to provide
laws for themselves.
The next we hear of him is at the seat of the
provisional Legislature. A letter to the Missouri
Democrat, dated at Topeka, March 8, says that
the Legislature on that day elected A. H. Reeder
to the United States Senate on the first ballot, and
James H. Lane on the second. Each candidate
received thirty-eight votes of the fifty-six mem-
bers present.
The next we hear of him, in consecutive order,
was on last Thursday, as bearer of the memorial
of this Legislature to the Senate of the United
States.
But, Mr. President, I desire to remind the De-
mocracy of the country—so ably represented on
; this floor—who had conferred on him so manv
, distinguished honors, that when he came to his
own his own knew him not. They seemed to
have entirely forgotten his distinguished services
in days of yore. It was not remembered with
sufficient vividness to be a voucher for his per-
sonal honesty. The honorable Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] said, of the paper
which he presented to the Senate of the United
I States, in the name of the members of the Senate
, an it-House of Representatives—
^ " I believe, upon the fltce of this petition and upon scru-
tinizing its statements and the Signatures which are attached
to it, that it is an impudent forgery, attempted to be palmed
off upon Uie Senate of the United States, through the hands
of Uie venerable Senator from Michigan. I do not believe
this to be the petition of the men from whom it purports to
emanate. I want to know how this petition got here under
such circumstances as to call for such observations as it has
i elicited from all sides of tbe House."
But no one answers. No one knows. No
one seems to remember who James H. Lane is.
The honorable Senator from Connecticut, [Mr.
Tottcet,] who, I believe, was a member of the
Cabinet organized by Mr. Polk, whose election
was aided very materially by the stump speeches
of Mr. Ltlne, does not seem to know who he is.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh]—
his companion in arms too—seems to have for-
gotten him.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I desire that the
Senator from Iowa shall not misrepresent me. I
made no remark whatever—not a syllable—in ref-
erence to the gentleman who brought this petition
here. I abstained carefully from any thing of
