1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
891
motion submitted by the gentleman from Ohio,
inasmuch as it does not relate to the same ques-
tion.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone; and it was disagreed to—yeas 81, nays
87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Benson, BU-
Jinghuist, Bmgham, Bliss, Biadshavv, Brenton, Broom,
Butfinton, Burhngame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Ezra Clark, Colfax, Covode, Cragm, Cuinback,
Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd,
English, Ethendge, Galloway, Giddings, Granger, Robert
B. Hall, Harlan, Harnson, Holloway, Howard, Kelsey,
Kennett, King, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Leiter,
Lmdiey, Humplney Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Mea-
cham, Killian Miller, Moj-gan, Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Norton, Paiker, Perry, Pike, Pringle, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Simmons,
William R. Smith, Stanton, Swope, Tappan, Thorington,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Elhhu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Woodruff, and Wood-
worth—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Brooks, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Caruthers,
Bayard Clark, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson,
Edwards, Elliott, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Grow, Augus-
tus Hall, J. Morrison Hams, Thomas L. Hariis, Haven,
Herbert, Hickman, Hoffman. Houston, Jewctt, George W.
Jones, Keitt, Kidwell, Letcner, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexan-
der K. Marshal!, Samuel S. Marshall,McMullm, MeQuceti,
Sjnith Miller, Millson, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai
Oliver, Paine, Pennington, Porter, Powell, Purycar, Q.uit-
man. lteade, Ready, Rivers, Robbins, Ruffin, Savage, Sew-
ard, Shorter, William Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Taylor,
Thurston, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, walker, Watkms,
Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
coffer—87.
So the House refused to postpone the further
execution of the order in reference to the election
of public printer until to-morrow.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. JEWETT. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Galloway
and Winslow were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to adjourn, the tellers having reported—
ayes 66, noes 74.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 71, nays 87, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Bell, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bliss, Bradshaw, Bienton,
Bulfinum, Burhngame, James H. Campbell, Lewis J).
Campbell, Ezra Olaik, Colfax, Covode, Cragm, Cumback,
Damiell, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Galloway, Gilbert,
Granger, Robert B. Hall, Ilarlan, Holloway, Ilowaul, Kel-
sey, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knowlton," Knox, Leiter,
Lindley, Mace, Matteson. McCarty, Meaeham, Killian
Miller, Morgan, Mornll, Mott, Murray, Norton, Paiker,
Pike, Pi mgle, Ritchie, Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sim-
mons, Stanton, Swope, Tappan, Thorington, Wade, Wake
man, Walbndge, Waldron, Ellilm B. Waslibuine, Israel
Washburn, Watson,WoodiulF, and Wood worth—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Ilendley S.
Bennett, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks,
Burnett, John P. Campbell, Oarhle, Caruthcrs, Bayard
Clark, Clingman, Cox, Crawiord, Cullen, Davidson, llenry
Winter Davis, Dowdell, Dunn, EdmumUon, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Eustis, Faulknei, Florence, Fostei, Goode, Green-
wood, Grow, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harnson, Haven, Ileibert,
Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kid-
well, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshal!,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, McMullin, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai
Oliver, Pamc, Pennington, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Quit-
man, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers,Robbms, Ruffin, Savage, Scott,
Seward, Shorter, William Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Tay-
lor, Thurston, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Wat-
kins, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and
ZollicolTer—87.
So the House refused to adjourn.
THE PLURALITY RULE—AGAIN.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I had the honor a mo-
ment or two ago to submit a resolution, which at
that time was regarded as not being in order. I
understand that, upon further consideration, it is
now regarded as in order. I therefore call it up,
and upon it I demand the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky moves a suspension of the rules for the
purpose of introducing the resolution which will
be reported by the Clerk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose that a
motion to suspend the rules cannot be entertained
when there is a proposition before the House ?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There is no proposi-
tion before the House now.
Mr. JONES. The proposition toclect a print-
er is before the House. The House has refused
to postpone that question or to adjourn. Now I
hold that, although it is in order to move to sus-
pend the rules on this day, it is not in order to
make that motion when there is a pending prop-
osition before the House.
The SPEAKER. The business in which the
House is engaged is under the rules of the House.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Under-
wood] moves to suspend those rules, and, under
the rule giving the privilege on this day to move
a suspension, the Chair thinks his motion is in
order.
Mr. JONES. Then if the motion to suspend
the rules is carried, and the gentleman's resolu-
tion comes before the House,"it will be subject to
all the other rules of the House. Would it be in
order again to suspend the rules before that reso-
lution was disposed of? Certainly not; for if so
you would get into all kinds of difficulty, and
you never could act upon anything on Monday.
The only effect of suspending the rules is to bring
the proposition before the House; but there
being a pending question or business before the
House, it is not in order to get rid of it by a
suspension of the rules. What would become of
this election now if you were to get clear of it by
entertaining a motion to suspend the rules? It
would not come up as unfinished business to-day,
nor at any other time. The House by refusing
to postpone the election has manifested a determ-
ination not to proceed to any other business.
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that, if the House should suspend the rules for a
specific purpose, the pending business would
come up when that purpose was answered. Un-
der the rule which gives a member upon this day
the right to make a motion to suspend the rules,
the Chair thinks that the motion of the gentleman
from Kentucky is in order, and entertains it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I hope the gentleman
from Kentucky will not press his motion. We
must dispose of this election of a printer some
day or other; and the sooner we dispose of it the
better. Let me inform the gentleman from Ken-
tucky that he cannot get rid of this question in
this way. I differ from the Speaker in the de-
cision he has made of this question. But what will
the gentleman gain by the proposition which he
now submits? I have no idea that the House
will adopt the plurality rule; and I bog leave to
say one word for the ear of those gentlemen who
are here for the first time. My experience is,
that the best plan for the dispatch of public busi-
ness is to adhere strictly to the rules governing
the House. If gentlemen are indulged in sub-
mitting propositions to innovate upon the rules
of the House, you will have one innovation after
another until you will consume more time 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.J Debate is
not m order. The pending question is on the
motion to suspend the rules, and that question
is not debatable under the rul< s of the House.
The gentleman from Kentucky moves to suspend
the rules, to enable him to submit the resolution
which will now be reported.
The Clerk read Mr. Underwood's resolution,
as follows: ♦
Resolved, That the Clerk, immediately after the adoption
of this resolution, shall call the roll on the election of a
printoi of the House of Representatives; aftd if upon that
ballot no person shall leceive a majority of all the votes
cast, having a majority of a guorum, he shall again call the
roll, and the person who shall then receive the laigcst num-
ber of votes for pi inter, beingfi majority of a quorum, shall
thereupon be elected printer of the Hou^eof Representa-
tives, and shdll be declared by the Speaker.
The question was taken on Mr. Underwood's
motion, and the rules were not suspended, two
thirds not voting in favor thereof.
Mr. STANTON. As I understand the rules
of the House, this is the only day upon which a
suspension of the rules can be moved. My col-
league [Mr. Cxmpbell] is exceedingly anxious
to get up a resolution from the Senate for the
relief of the poor of this city 
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) I rise to a
question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will state his question of order.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the question before
the House upon which the gentleman from Ohio
is speaking ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
remarks of the gentleman from Ohio are not in
order.
Mr. STANTON. I move, then, that the
further execution of the order of the Ho^se in
regard to the election of a printer be postponed
until one o'clock on Wednesday next. I believe
I am now in order in saying 
Mr. LETCHER, Mr. HOUSTON, and other*.
No debate.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
Mr. STANTON. I was about to say——
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to debate.
Mr. STANTON. I call for tellers on my
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Watson,
and Harris of Alabama, were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 65, noes 69.
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative — yeas 73, nays 86; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Benson, Bil-
linghnrst, Bmgham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom,
Bulfinton, Builmgame, James 1!. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Ezia Clark, Collax, Covode, Cragm, Cumback,
Dean, Dick, Dicks-on, Dodd, Ethcridge, Galloway, Gid-
dmgs, Granger, Robert B.Hall, Harlan, Holloway, Howard,
Ivelsey, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Lake,
Letter, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Meaeham,
Killmn Miller, Moigan, Moirill, Mott, Murray, Norton, Par-
ker, Perry, Pike, Porter, Pringle, Roberts, Robison, Sabin,
Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Stanton, Thorington, Underwood,
Wude, Wakeman, Walbridge, iValdron, Ellihu B. Waeh-
bume, Krael Washburn, Watson, Woodruff, Wood worth,
and Zollicofter—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Hendley
£?. Bennett, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Biooks, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Cathie, Caruthers,Bay-
ard Claik, Chmiman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craw-
ford, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Dowdell,
Dunn, Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott, English, Evans,
Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. X). Fuller, Goode,
Gieenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson
W. Hamn, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hickman, Hoffman,
Houston* Jcwett, George. W. Jones, Keitt, Kidwell, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mc-
Mullin, McUu^en, Mill*on, Nichols, Andicw Oliver, Mor-
deem Oliver, Paine, Pennington, Powell, Puryear, Quit-
man, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Robbing RufFm, Scott,
Scwatd, Shorter, William 5?imtli, Stephens, Stewart,
Swope, Taylor, Thurston,Ttippo, Valk, Walker, Watkins,
Winslow, Daniel B, Wright, and John V, Wright—86.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. GILBERT. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the gentleman
to withdraw his motion for a moment, that I may
ask the unanimous consent of the House to the
passage of a resolution.
Mr. GILBERT. I will hear the resolution.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved) That all extra copies of documents heretofore
ordered to be piintod for distribution, and which have not
been dehveied to the member* entitled thereto, shall be de-
livered by the officer-? having powssion of the same, to the
succes*oisin this House of those who have not been re-
turned to this. House, and would have been entitled to receive
the same ; in order that said documents may be distributed
among the people.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, and others objected
to the resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS. As the gentleman from
Ohio objects, I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I withdraw my ob-
jection to the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
objection was also made on the other side of the
House.
Mr. BENSON". I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a resolution.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stephens's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative.
The llouso accordingly (at fifteen minutes
past three o'clock) adjourned until to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 12, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The J ournal of yesterd ay was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDE VT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Second Auditor of the
Treasury, communicating copies of the accounts
of persons charged with the disbursement or
application of moneys, goods, or eifcets for the
