1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1117
Mr. STUART. The State of Illinois is the
only northwestern State that has obtained a single
acre of the public land for the purpose of con-
structing a railroad, and that extends down to
Mobile, Alabama, and to Mississippi, while there
have been appropriations made for Arkansas and
Missouri. The State of Illinois is the only
northwestern State that has received them, and
that in connection with two or three southern
States.
Mr. YULEE. In that respect the Senator is
entirely mistaken. There have been large ap-
propriations of public land for internal improve-
ment in all the northwestern States. Michigan
alone received, in the instance cited a few minutes
ago, for the canal of the Sault Ste. Marie seven
hundred and fifty thousand acres.
Mr. STUART. The Senator was speaking of
railroad grants.
Mr. YULEE. It matters not whether the ap-
propriation be for a canal or a railroad; it is for
a work of internal improvement. Every one of
the northwestern States has received large appro- j
priations of a similar character. I do not object
to it; but I refer to the fact that they receive these
appropriations when weaker States, not associ-
ated with interests which, by combination in the
House, may be able to carry them through, fail.
I refer to it as a proof that, although bills may be
reported for the different States, we have no assur-
ance that, while those for the lakes pass through
the House, the others will pass also and become
laws. I" tiiink, therefore, it furnishes a reason
why the suggestion of the Senator from Kentucky
should be adopted, and why, when we act upon
this subject, it should be by a connected system,
looking to the just claims of every portion of the
Union, and so regulating the appropriations that
they may not only be most usefully but most
justly distiibuted.
I therefore feel disposed to move the recom-
mittal of these bills to the Committee on Com-
merce, with instructions to consolidate them into
one measure; and I should ask of that committee
also, that they report to the Senate the grounds
on which they recommend the several items of
appropriation; that they give us a reference to
some survey, to some estimates, and state the
reasons why they suppose that the work can be
constructed for a less amount than is estimated
by the officers of the Government, and the reasons
why they feel assured that the work can be com-
pleted for the sum which they recommend.
Upon what ground have the Committee on
Commerce been able to come to the conclusion
that this work at Marquette can be done for
§25,000? Are there any facts before them in re-
gard to the plan adopted by them ? Do we know
the extent of the harbor, the extent of the im-
provement required, the cost ef the labor and
materials there, the amount for which the work
can be done ? Have they gone into any such
estimates? If they have not, how are we to
judge? If they have done so, they have not com-
municated their investigations to us, and we have
no means of judgment. I take it that I have it
right to know all that is material to enable me to
form a judgment. It is not probable, but yet it
is possible, that a bill making an appropriation
for some improvement might be presented for
which I could vote; at all'events I might be able
to propose amendments which might make the
bill more just and more effective of its purpose,
if I had all the lights of which the subject is
capable.
In this case the Senate will see that there is no
report accompanying the bill, and I have not been
able to find a recommendation from any Depart-
ment, or a report of any survey, or the details of
any estimate submitted to the Senate. It is an
entirely new work, coming to us with no expla-
nation other than is afforded by the bill which
makes, nakedly, an appropriation for" the con-
struction of ahuiboratMarquette, onLakeSupe-
rior.
Although it may be that there is but little pros-
pect of the adoption of the motion, I feel it to be
my duty, in order that there may be some test of
the sense of the Senate upon this particular point,
to move a recommittal of all these bills making
appropriations for the construction of harbors
and the improvement of rivers, with instructions
to the committee to consolidate them into one
measure.
Mr. PUGH. I wish to say a word in opposi-
tion to_ the motion of the Senator from Florida;
otherwise I should be willing to let the question
be taken upon the bill as it stood. Docs the Sen-
ator insist on his motion ?
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. I hope that the friends of these
various bills will not be misled.
Mr. YULEE. I will move to recommit with-
out instructions.
Mr. rOUCBY. You cannot move to recom-
mit all these bills; they are not all before the
Senate.
Mr. YULEE. Then I move to recommit this
bill; and I shall make the same motion with re-
spect to the others when they come up, and I shall
propose afterwards specific instructions in regard
to this and all the others.
Mr. PUGH. In former times, Mr. President,
when we have passed general bills, they have met
with one executive veto after another, and the
excuse rendered has been that, although most of
the appropriations, or many of them, were meri-
torious, they were connected with others which
were not meritorious. "We have been told, on
every occasion, to bring in our bills for these im-
provements separately, and allow every case to
stand on its own merits. Now, when we have
taken the advice, when these bills are produced
separately, we are told to go back to a general
bill. The Senate will see the consequences. It
may be that of the measures reported from the
Committee on Commerce, every one would sep-
arately command a majority in each House, and
obtain the approval of the President; but in an
unguarded moment a single appropriation may be
included which does not fall within the rule
adopted by the majority of Congress, or by the
Executive himself, and this may subject the whole
measure to defeat.
I regret the course of thisdiacussion. We have
heard a great deal about internal improvements.
Sir, this is not an internal improvement. I should
like to know where my friend from South Caro-
lina got the idea that the improvement of the har-
bors on Lake Superior is an internal improvement.
Why, sir, it is our boundary with a foreign
Power. It is just as much subject to the juris-
diction of Congress to-day as the Atlantic coast.
The admiralty jurisdiction of your courts extends
over it; the laws of the Uniteci States extend over
it. The commerce of the lakes is as legitimate a
subject of control by Congress as the commerce
which comes into the port of Charleston. And
yet we are told that we who have paid taxes ever
since we have been in the Union—we who while
we were territorial governments were expressly
restricted by the ordinance of 1787 from imposing
any tonnage—we on whose tonnage a duty is now
levied by Congress—shall sit here, and vote year
after year to appropriate money to dredge out
Charleston harbor, but shall not have a shilling
for all the lakes and rivers in the Northwest.
Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend allow me to
correct him, and also the honorable Senator from
Michigan ?
Mr. PUGH. With great pleasure.
Mr. BUTLER. I never voted for dredging
out Charleston harbor; and I am told by my hon- I
orable colleague, [Mr. Evans,] that $50,000 is all j
that has ever been appropriated for Charleston, I
whilst the navy of the world can go in there. I
That is all that has ever been appropriated, and I
I do not know but that it would have been much !
better if we had appropriated it on one of your j
lakes. I
Mr. PUGH. The question with mo would be i
the same if only fifty cents had been appropriated. ■
All that was asked was appropriated; all that was .
deemed necessary was appropriated—enough to ,
put your harbor m a condition to receive the :
navy of the world. Sir, we are unfortunate; we ;
have not the navy of the woild on our lakes; j:
but we have navy enough. We have the peace- [\
ful messengers of comnicrce; and the history of ji
the United States shows that one of the most [j
brilliant achievements m war took place on Lake /
Erie, in sight of the coast of the State of Ohio. !i
I should like any Senator to tell me the distinction 11
between the Atlantic coast and the coast which ■
borders on the British possessions in America. |
There is none; and the Supreme Court of the j
United States, on solemn argument, has decided |
that the old technical objection, invented before |
steamboats were heard of—invented before there
was any method of propulsion except'by sail—
the distinction between the rivers where the tide-
water flows and where it does not flow—is all
exploded, and that the admiralty jurisdiction of
the United States extends not only over the
ocean, but over the lakes and over the rivers Mis-
sissippi and Ohio.
Now, I wish to propound a question to my
learned friend from South Carolina: Can the Gov-
ernment of the United States set up a light-house at
Marquette, onLake Superior? They have setup
light-houses at Charleston, and the Senator from
Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] who addressed us a few
days since, discloses the fact that, in the year 1847,
the appropriations for every mile of northern At-
lantic shore amounted to $60 01 for light-house
purposes alone, and half that sum for the south-
ern States; and my friend from Virginia sits here
to vote year after year for appropriations to pro-
vide light-houses 
Mr. BUTLER. That is done in the exercise
of the commercial power.
Mr. PUGH. Commercial power? I grant it;
but if the Congress of the United States can em-
ploy a man to stand on a reef of rock, and can
buiffl him a house to stand in, and to hold alight
to keep a vessel from running on the rock, I hold
that they can take the rock out of the way of the
vessel. 1 can see nothing in the distinction. The
moment you admit the power to obviate those
difficulties which lie in the path of commerce—the
moment you can set up lights and buoys—that
moment you can remove the obstruction.
Sir, this is an old question. In the convention
which framed the Constitution, there was a strug-
gle between the northeastern and the southeastern
States as to whether Congress should have the
power to regulate navigation. The southern States
insisted that it should at least require a vote of
two thirds of the States; but finallya compromise
was made, and put m the Constitution, that, in
consideration of this unlimited power to regulate
commerce, Congress should not be authorized to
prevent the slave trade previous to the year 1808;
and I ask those gentlemen who talk about the
compromises of the Constitution to stand fast
now.
Is it within the power of Congress to regulate
commerce ? Why, sir, it was decided on solemn
argument in the Supreme Court—not by a divided
court, but by a unanimous court, the opinion
pronounced by Chief Justice Marshall, after the
case had been argued by Mr. "Webster and Mr.
Wirt on the one hand, and by Thomas Addis
Emmet and the present chief justice of the supe-
rior court of New York, Judge Oakley, on the
other—that the power to regulate commerce in-
cluded the power to regulate navigation; and, by '
reference to the debates of the constitutional con-
vention, you will find that'the whole discussion
turned upon a navigation law. Yet, after all this
period of time, when Congress, in pursuance of
that power, has gone on to improve the Atlantic
coast, to improve the harbors, to put up light-
houses, to put iip buoys, to put up everything
wiiich can facilitate commerce there, when you
come to other regions of the Union—and I dis-
claim putting it in any sectional sense whatever
—when you come to places where there is as
much commerce comparatively, where there is as
much necessity for the exercise of the power,
gentlemen get up and tell us that, unless we can
make a general scheme for distributing the money
of the Union to everybody, we shall have nothing
at all.
Mr. President, let us see what this bill is. Any
person familiar with the northern lakes under-
stands it exactly. The storms on those lakes are*
sudden, and they are dangerous to a degree un-
exampled upon the ocean. It is impossible for
vessels to keep from the shore in such storms—
the lakes are not large enough for that; and unless
you provide harbors for them the case will be as
stated by the Senator from Michigan. From year
to year, the lives of your citizens will be destroyed,
as well as their property. Will you provide a
harbor of refuge ?
Sir, 1 find that one of the first acts which was
passed at the first session of the last Congress-—
passed early in the session and approved early in
the session—was "for the better preservation of life
and property on the coasts of the United States."
I find, at the very start, on a suggestion being
