THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12.
benefit of the Indians, during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th June, 1855, with lists of the names
of all persons to whom goods, moneys, or effects
have been delivfered during that period; which, on
motion by Mr. Weller, was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Also, a letter of the Commissioner of Patents,
cornmunicating his annual report for the year
1855; and, on motion by Mr. Weller, it was
Ordered, That the usual number of extra copies be
printed for the use of the Senate.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of the legal
representatives of Thomas Nelson, an officer of
the, army of the Revolution, praying for com-
pensation for a house destroyed by the military
during that war, and for the commutation pay to
which he was entitled; which was referred to the
Comrpittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the memorial of Anton L. C. Portman,
praying for compensation for services rendered
as interpreter by order of Commodore Perry,
commanding the Japan expedition; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of Eleanor
Davies, -widow of Marmaduke S. Davies, a revo-
lutionary soldier, praying to be allowed bounty
land; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Mrs. A. E. Donahoo in
behalf of her mother, Mrs. Sophia Turner, the
only surviving heir of Dr. Robert Wilcox, a sur-
geon in the revolutionary war, praying that she
may be compensated for his services (luring that
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of the trustees of the State University of Iowa,
praying for a further grant of land to aid that in-
stitution; which was referred to the Committee
oil Public Lands.
Also, the petition of citizens of Iowa, praying
for the establishment of a mail route from Cedar
Rapids to Albion, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of John
Allen, praying to be allowed apension or n grant
of land for his gallantry and good conduct in
capturing an armed barge of the enemy, in the
last war with Great Britain, while master of a
schooner engaged 111 the lumber trade; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of citizens
of Manchester, New Hampshire, praying for the
adoption of measures to reduce the present high
rates of ocean postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to present the me-
morial of Thomas Holdup Stevens, late a lieu-
tenant of (lie United States Navy, protesting
against the action of the late naval board, in eon-
sequence of which he was dropped from the rolls
of the Navy; and praying that such action may
be taken as will result in his restoration to his
former position in the service.
It was my intention to submit some observa-
tions to the Senate in presenting this memorial;
but I find myself, this morning, so hoarse, that
it will bo impossible forme to do so. 1 desire to
say, however, that, when the subject comes up
for discussion, 1 shall take occasion to speak of
this and other cases in which, according to my
judgment, the grossest injustice has been done to
naval officers. I move to refer this memorial to
the Committee on jNaval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Cap-
tain William Jamesson, who was placed on the
reserved list in consequence of the action of the
late naval board, praying to be restored to his
former position in the Navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, additional papers in the case of H. H.
Rhodes, late a lieutenant in the United States
Navy, who sought relief from the action of the
late naval board; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 have been requested to pre-
sent the petition of Abner Read, late a lieutenant
in the United States Navy, who was dropped in
consequence of the action of the late naval board,
praying for relief against their action. I will re-
frain from entering into any discussion of the ques-
tion presented by this petition. I willonlysaythat
I regard the petitioner's case as one of peculiar
hardship, and I think of very great injustice. Tn
addition, I will make this one suggestion: It has
occurred to me that the law ought to be modified,
at least so far as to provide that those who were
retired should be retired for causes which cast no
blame upon them, and that they should be retired
with merit; and that, in all cases where officers
have been dismissed or retired for causes which
cast discredit upon themselves, a trial in the na-
ture of a court-martial ought to be given to each
one, in order that the charges against them might
be proved according to the regular course of
proceedings. I wish to call the attention of the
Committee on Naval Affairs to the fact, that the
passage of a law to grant a trial into the truth of
the facts, requiring specific charges to be made as
to all those dismissed, might afford relief and do
justice by separating those who are worthy from
those who are unworthy. I will not attempt to
say any more upon the question at this time. I
move the reference of the petition which I have
presented to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I have the petition of one hun-
dred and forty-six sailors on the northern lakes,
praying for the restoration to his former position
of Commander John S. Nicholas, who has been
dropped from the active service list by the action
of the late naval board. This petition was in-
trusted to me by the sailors. "With Commander
Nicholas himself, who, I believe, is a citizen of
Virginia, I have very little acquaintance. Upon
this occasion, I desire to say that, while I was on
the northern lakes recently, I saw sailors and
merchants who represented to me that they hardly
ever knew, upon those lakes, that there was any
United States Government for their protection
until Commander Nicholas came there; and that,
since lie had been in command of a steamer on
the lakes, he had been indefatigable in his atten-
tions and in his exertions; and that, no mattter
at whatever hour of night or day the telegraph
flashed to him the intelligence that life or prop-
erty was in peril, Commander Nicholas was sure
to be where his presence was necessary. While
he was thus acceptably and honorably discharg-
ing the duties of this station to the universal
acceptation of every person around the lakes, he
was stricken down by the action of this board.
I was instructed to refer, for the substantiation
of these statements, to two Senators whom I do
not now see in their seats—the honorable Senator
from Illinois, living in the city of Chicago, [Mr.
Douglas ,] and the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, living in the city of Detroit, [Mr. Cass.]
I ask that the memorial may be received ana
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion by Mr. DOUftLAS, it was
Resolved, That tlic petition of the heirs of James Bell,
deceased, )ira>nig for payment for advances made by turn
to the American Army dunii^ (lie revolutionaty war, be
withdrawn from the files ot tin1 Senate, and referred to the
Committee 011 Xtevolutionaiy Claims.
erroneous reference.
Mr. WELLER. The memorial of Colonel
T.i'Si lie Combs, praying for a grant of bounty land
to his regiment of Kentucky volunteers, was some
time ago referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. It should properly have gone to the
Committee on Public Lands. I therefore move
that the Committee on Military Affairs bo dis-
charged from the further consideration of that
memorial, and that it be referred to the Committee
011 Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
jurors' fees.
Mr. BAYARD. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred the memorial of citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, praying that the
jurors in the courts of that District may be allowed
the same fees as are allowed to jurors of other
United States courts by the act of the 2Gth of
February, 1853, have instructed me to reporta bill
amendatory of an " Act to regulate the fees and
costs to be allowed clerks, marshals,and attorneys
of the circuit and district courts of the United
States, and for other .purposes." This bill pro-
Foses to make only one alteration in the law, and
desire to state what it is. Under the acts pre-
vious to that of 1853, the sum allowed to jurors
was $1 25 per day. Under the law of 1853, it was
increased to SI 50. A construction has been given
to the law that it has no application to jurors in
the courts of the United States in the District of
Columbia. It seems very reasonable that the
same compensation should be allowed here as in
the other courts of the United States, particularly
as the same reason for an increase of compensa-
tion exists here; that is, the increased cost of
living. I trust the bill will be now passed.
The bill (S. No. 80) was read a first a d sec-
ond time, by unanimous consent, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides that so much of the act entitled "An
act to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed
clerks, marshals, and attorneys of the circuit and
district courts of the United States, and for other
purposes," approved February 26, 1853, as ap-
plies to the fees of jurors, shall be made to em-
brace the jurors of the United States court for the
District of Columbia.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE REPORT.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Jacob
Dodson; which was read a first time and ordered
to a second reading.
RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee 011 the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire and report whether the provisions of an
"Act to promote the efficiency of the Navy," approved 28th
February, J 855, are in accordance with the provisions of
the Constitution of the United States; and whether the pro-
ceedings under said act by which large numbers of officers
of the Navy have been involuntarily placed on the reseived
list and on furlough, and others dismissed from the service,
are agreeable to, and warranted by, the provisions of said
Constitution.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of continuing the
land office at Kalamazoo, m tile State of Michigan.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. YULEE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill establishing a port of
entry at Fernandina, and at Tampa, in Florida.
_ Mr. FITZPATRICK gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for
the examination and payment of certain claims
of citizens of Georgia and Alabama, on account
of losses sustained by the depredations of the
Creek Indians.
Mr. MASON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution, providing
for the appointment of a Regent to the Smithso-
nian Institution, to fill the vacancy occasioned by
the death of the Hon. John McPherson Berrien,
and also to fill the vacancy occasioned by the res-
ignation of Rufus Choate, of Massachusetts.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HALE, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
repeal the act " to promote the efficiency of the
Navy,"approved February 28,1855; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WELLER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
authorizing and directing the Secretary of War
to furnish in certain cases verified copies of ori-
ginal papers filed before the board for the exam-
ination of claims contracted in California under
Lieutenant Colonel Fremont. The joint resolution
was read twice by its title, and referred to the Con>
mittee ou Military Affairs.
Mr. FOOT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill making
compensation to George P. Marsh for extraordi-
nary services and expenses on a special mission
to the Greek Government, and for negotiating a
treaty between the Government of the United
States and Persia; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. FISH, in pursuance of previous notice,
