1992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 8,
stand as the judgment of the committee ?" was
taken; and it way decidcd in tho negative.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled,
and the amendment decided to be out of order.
Mr. BALL, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, offered the following
amendment:
For the puicnase of a lot, and the erection of a building,
for the keep >r oi' the upper bridge over the Eastern Branch
of the Potomac, §'1,500.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That amendment
certainly is not in order. There is no law au-
thorizing this appropriation.
Mr. BALL. There is certainly a great ne-
cessity for the work.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. GILBERT moved to amend the clause,
" For repairs of the Potomac, navy yard, and
upper bridges, $11,01)0," by adding the following:
And the further smti of §192,000 fot the ercction of a
main pt<-*« oi bieak water, and for an icc-broaker at the
harbor of Cape Vincent, on the St. Lawrence river, m
. pursuance of the report of Hovvaui Stambuiy, captain
topographical ennneers, submitted to the War Depai tinunt
Fobiuaiy J2, 1853.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment certainly is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, moved to strike out
the following clause lrom the bill:
For finishing the poitioo and entrance of the west win?
of the Patent O.fnv building, to pay the reservations due,
put up lion Milam, and lay down the mx-u^aiy llai^nig
and pavem^nt^, .<•],">!),Oik)
Foi construction of a *ower in Judiciary square, .$6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
- Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Air. Chairman,
I am instructed by the Committee of Ways and
Means, to offer the following amendment:
After the woids, " for purchase of one dozen uon settees
for La Fayette squaio, add a-* lollows:
Fur rcpaus of watei pipos, ^.>00.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to strike from the
bill, the following:
For repauuig old portion of the Patent Office building,
constructing w.itor-clonoN therein, and casual repair* of the
cast wiii^ of said building, ,*?i,000.
Mr. 11. MARSHALL. "What is the reason
for moving to strike it out?
Mr, CAiYlPUELL. Tlie appropriation was
made in the deficiency bill. The Secretary says
he does not want it, and we arc indisposed to
give him more than he aslcs for.
The amendment wat> agieed to.
Mr. BALL. I am mstiuctcd hy the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds to oiler the
following amendment: j
For public le^uvation Number two, and La Fayette <
square, ;„3.tJ0O.
The amendment was agreed to. '
Mr. HALL. I am instructed by the same com- j
mittce to olVer the following amendment: j
For taUui'i caie of the gtounil* youth of the President's I
tloiu-e, continuing tlie mipioveinenU of the s^nue, and ]
kcepuig them m oidcr, fjji.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BALL. I am instructed by the same com- !
mittce to oiler the following amendment:
For ramming FiunKfin mime house, including the pur-
chase of ^uitahle lot, is.0., ^.k'kK).
_Mr. LETCIIEIl. Is the amendment in order?
It is for the purchase of a new sue and the erec-
tion of n new building. *
The CHAIRMAN. The Choir would inquire >
whether u is piopowi.d to rebuild on the present ,
lot occupied by tin' engine-house, or to build on 1
another and a new lot? '
Mr. BALL. At the last session of Congress,
an appropria'ion way made for the purpose of
taking down and removing thatengine-house from
Jhe iot of ground it now occupies. When the
house is pulled down, the fire apparatus of the
company wt.'i be without shelter. It lias been
purchased tor the Government, with an arrange-
ment with the company. This amendment is for '
tne construction, of a house to shelter the com- '
pony s apparatus.
The CHALRMAX. The Chair rules the
amendment to be m order.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for tellers on the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stranahan
and Florence were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 52.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOLLOW AY. Iam instructed by the
Committee on Agriculture to offer the following
amendment:
Strike out the words, " for the collection of agricultural
statistics, and procuring and distributing cuttings and seeds,
$25,000," and in lieu thereof insert as follows:
For collection of agricultural statistics, investigation for
promoting agricultural and rural economy, and procurament
and dKubm'ion of cuttings and seeds, #7,),0U0; to ba ex-
pended under the diiection ot the Commissioner of Patents.
The committee proposing to appropriate for
this purpose such amount as could be judiciously
expended, they called upon the Commissioner of
Patents, who made out a statement of the amount
which could be thus appropriated; and he divided
it in this manner: $35,000 for the purchase of
seeds and cuttings; #15,000 to be expended for
procuring sugar cane from the West Indies, for
tiie purpose of supplying those portions of our
country where the sugar cane has been cutoff;
$13,000 for the purchase of seeds at an early day,
so that members of Congress may be enable to
receive them in time for distribution for early sow-
ing next spring; $12,000 to be employed in the
examination of those insects which are destruct-
ive of the crops of the country—such as cotton,
tobacco, wheat, and other cereal grains; $4,500 to
be expended in the examination of the grasses of
this country—that great crop which lies at the
foundation of the agricultural prosperity of this
country, and which has never yet received any
care from the Government; 53,00U to be expended
j in a chemical analysis of tlie soils of the country;
■ making in all, $75,000.
Mr. JTONGb', of Tc nnessee. I move to add to
the amendment, the following proviso:
Provided That none of the seed> or cuttings purchased
shall be distributed to members ot Coiigre>&.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to amend the
amendment, by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That such cuttings and seeds shall be distrib-
uted to State agncuitural societies.
Mr. KUNKEL. I hope the gentleman will also
put in his amendment the words " and county,"
so as to read, "State and county agricultural
societies."
Mr. IX. MAItSIIAIX. I will accept that
modification. I have a word to say in regard to
the manner in which these seeds and cuttings are
distributed. I think that the experience which
wo have had must convince us that an appropri-
ation of $75,000 for the purchase of seeds and
cuttings is essentially a waste of the public
money. I do not myself believe that, from the
£50,000 appropriated last year for the same pur-
pose the people of the United States have derived
^10,000 worth of seeds which were novelties.
We have seeds coming to us with French names;
we have seeds the products of which arc intended
to beautify thegaiden, or to advance horticulture,
but which present no novelty whatever. Now it
is proposed to appropriate £75,000. If it is to be
appropriated, let the product of it be distributed
among those persons who, in the States and
counties, are associated together for the purpose
of promoting a knowledge of agriculture; and if
that were done, I have no doubt that it would
produce arei'oim in this branch of the public
expenditure, when the people see what they get
for their money—ten times as great as would be -I
pioduced by giving this branch of patronage to !:
members of Congress. *" j,
I do not know that the remarks I make about
this matter will a? all impress tlie House more
than they did when I made similar remarks upon
a former occasion._ I see my friend here, [Mr. !
Benson,] the u knight-errant" of agriculture, is ■
ready to pitch m again. [Laughter.] I do not :!
think this a iudicious expenditure ot the public ''
money; but if it is to be expended I want to give - j
it the direction which I think uiil result m'the |!
greatest amount of good. i;
Mr. CLINGMAN. If I understandthe amend- ■'
mcnt of the gentleman, there is one port of it to ;l
which I am opposed. I agree with him in the ]
general object. I do not think we ought to have
thrown upon us the trouble of distributing seeds
and cuttings; but if he includes in his amendment
county agricultural societies as well as State so-
cieties, members of Congress will be obliged to
designate the counties and send them off them-
selves. I therefore prefer that his amendment
should stand as it was before he accepted the
modification suggested by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. Let them go to the State agricul-
tural societies. Then the Commissioner of Pat-
ents will send them to the officers of those socie-
ties, and they will distribute them.
Mr. BENSON. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina yield to me a moment?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will.
Mr. BENSON. 1 wish to say that, practically,
the distribution of these seeds may be made just
exactly in the way proposed by the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky, if members of
Congress see iit to have it so done. There are
many counties, and some States, where there are
no agricultural societies at all; and, therefore, to
some sections members of Congress may dis-
tribute those seeds and cuttings very much better
than they can be distributed in the mode pointed
out by the gentleman from Kentucky. So that,
if the system remains as it is now, all that gen-
tlemen have to do who desire to have their seeds
and cuttings distributed as proposed by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, is to give the names of
the county and State agricultural societies to the
Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I cannot yield any more
of my time. I differ with the gentleman from
Maine. Members of Congress have more im-
portant duties to perform than the distribution
of seeds and cuttings. At least o-ne third of my
time is taken up in doing what any clerk in the
Departments could quite as well. I hope, there-
fore, that the distribution of seeds will be turned
over to the agricultural societies, or somebody
else. If the suggestion of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Benson] be acted on, that the distri-
j bution be left where it now is, the result will be
i that eveiv member will distribute them; for if
] so'me members do so, others will be obliged to do
! so to satisfy their constituents. Then, again: if
! one member sends seeds to the State agricultural
' societies, and another does not, there would be
I inequality. I hope, therefore, the House will
adopt the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and so leave us to attend to the regular
legislation of the country.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from Kentucky withdraw his amendment,
so that I may offer another ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. No; I prefer to ad-
here to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I hope it will be
voted down.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 move a-proviso requir-
ing the seeds to be distributed among the county
societies.
Mr. KUNKEL. I think the amendment of #
the gentleman fiom Kentucky, just voted down,
is infinitely preferable to that.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My amendment proposes
that these seeds and cuttings shall be distributed
by the Commissioner of Patents among tlie vari-
ous county agricultural societies of the different
States of this Union. My reason for that is this:
that, if you make the distribution to the State
societies, the particular localities where the State
agricultural societies meet will receive ihe benefit;
but il the distiibution is made throughout the
different counties, all will have an equal chance
to test the merits of the seeds thus distributed. I
regard it as important that the distribution should
be made as general as possible among the agri-
cultural parts of the Union. And I know of no
means, of no instrumentalities, through which
the distribution can be made on terms of greater
equality, or which will promise more beneficial
results, than through those societies which the
farmers and mechanics have established m the
different counties of the States.
It is said, I know, and will be said in opposi-
tion to my amendment, that there are counties
where no agricultural societies have been estab-
lished. Admitted. The very fact, that the Gen-
eral Government proposes to give facilities for
the promotion of the great agricultural interests
of the country—the greatest of all other national
