l&S.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Kansas Legislative Petition—Mr. Butler, Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
Tout memorialist earnestly requests that your honor- I
able body will institute a comparison between the memorial
first submitted bv General Cass, and the original herewith
presented, confident that whoever shall make such exami-
nation will perceive and admit that no change of purpose
or substance has in any ease been made, and that all the
amendments have been calculated and Intended to fulfill
the purpose for which the original draft was subjected to
revision by the General Assembly of Kansas as afore-
said.
. Immediately subsequent to the reference of the memo-
rial to the committee of revision, as above recited, three
separate sets of signatures were executed by the members
of the General Assembly, in the presence of your memo-
rialist, to be attached to the revised copies, when com-
pleted ; these, unfortunately, have been mislaid, and tbe
names subscribed to the memorial presented to your honor-
able body were taken from autographs now in the posses-
sion of your memorialist; which, being in a book contain-
ing other memoranda, cannot be attached to the memorial;
but the book is placed by your memorialist in the hands of
the Senator from Iowa, Mr. Harlan, with a request that it
be exhibited to your lionoraWe body.
Herewith, and as part of this memorial, is appended the
original draft, duly authenticated, of the memorial referred
to, as reported by the chairman of the committee, Mr.
Hutchinson; adopted by the General Assembly; referred to
the committee onre vision ; intrusted to your memorialist,
and from which the revised copy which was submitted to
your honorable body was prepared.
With' this explanation and exhibit, which your memo-
rialist trusts will be satisfactory, he, on behalf of the pro-
visional legislative bodies of Kansas, prays you to receive
again the memorial with which he is charged by then, being
the one which was submitted by General: Cass,, and grant
the prayer therein expressed, to admit Kansas into the
Onion with her present constitution, on an equal footing
with the other States.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
J. H. LANE.
Washington City, D. C., 14th April, 1856.
Here, it seems to me, Mr. President* is a suc-
cinct and clear explanation of all points, of dif-
ficulty urged against tbe reception of the petition j
of the free-State Legislature of Kansas. The
erasures, the abridgments, and the interlineations .
are fully accounted for. The original draft,as ;
prepared by the committee of the Kansas. Legis- ;
latiire, and presented to, Mid adopted by,, each
branch of that body, is; now here before the
Senate, authenticated by. the oath of .James H. !
Lane, administered by one of the judges of the i
Supreme Court, probably now .in session in this
building. The memorialist,.in the petition which
I now present and request may be.referred to the
Committee on Territories, prays that the revised
petition rejected by the Senate on. Thursday. last
may be again received by the Senate* and also,
that the prayer in thai petition may be gsanted,
and that Kansas mat se , admitted wits hkr
pke8evt free constitutios into the uviotf, ok
am equal footing with the original states. j
Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend to detain the
Senate by making any reply to the Senator from
Iowa—very far from it; but I do not wish the
Senator from Iowa to make an issue for me which
he cannot understand. - ■ -vi
. Mr. HARLAN. Will the honorable Senator
state hie remark again?-.
Mr. BUTLER. I say that I donotwish you
again, as you have attempted heretofoi*rto make
an issue for me before the country which you
cannot understand. -   -
The gravamen of my argument against the
printing of this memorial last week was* that the
motion to print it was to violation of a rule .of the
Senate. Why do I say-it was a violation of the
rules of the Senate ? Because it came in here with
-the intrusive title marked upon itthat.it was a
paper that was presented by the -Senators and Rep-
resentatives of the State, of ■ Kansas*- I -did «usk
tbe question who has presented this-- petition' that
can be invested with any of the'attributes or the
dignity of Senators and Representatives of Kan-
sas, when we knew there was- no, such -State ?
That is the way inwhich I stated my proposition.
I did not alktde ta Colonel Lane. -1 do not know-
that the mere person was in my mind. < i asked
•officially who was :it that presented it here—in
what capacity; and how. did it get to the Senate
of the United States?- Did it come here through
the straight gate,-or ©*wr the wall, orunder it?
That is what I said, and I .cowfine myself always
to the proposition before the Senate. 'The gen-
tleman, I have no doubt, is very willing to take
a great advantage of the foot that sometimes I
•illustrate the few remarks which I make by some
allusion to the Iliad I.did not know before that
Lane was the hero of Buena Vista. I have no
doubt hereafter this oration will be put in verse,
and will be called the Lanead. [Laughter.]
Thftfrst>«m«  of my proposition was as I have
stated; and I now state that the rule requires every
petition coming to the Senate of the United States
: to have signatures attached to it. My friend from
Illinois will take care of that. I have used the
word gravamen. I hope the gentleman will for-
give me, for I understand about as much of Latin
as he does of English. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOUGLAS* Mr. President, I propose
to raise the question of the reception of this me-
morial, and to give the reasons why it ought not
to be received. Colonel Lane now presents a
paper here in his own name, claiming to be en-
titled to a seat in the Senate of the United States
from the State of Kansas, and sets forth in the
memorial—— •
Mr. HARLAN. I hope the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me to state the proposition. He
claims to be entitled to a seat, on this floor from
.the State.of Kansas when that State shall have
been received into the Union.
Mr. DOUGLAS. He puts the form of expres-
sion in that way to. avoid the objection which
was taken, to the memorial the other day purport-
ing to be from the Senators and Representatives
of the Legislature of the State of Kansas. It
shows clearly that it is an evasion to change the
phraseology, and yet affirm his right to a seat in
this body. He makes it an individual memorial,
and then annexes to it the. obnoxious paper
which was rejected by the:Senate the other day.
Inasmuch as be annexes that paper., and makes
it a part of his memorial, it is liable to all the
objections which were urged to that, together with
others, of a still more serious character..
Now, sir,what is<the explanation which he gives
for having presented the paper.the other day
through the Senator from Michigan, with a decla-
ration that it was a memorial from the members of
that Legislature then in session ? The excuse is,
that the paper then presented was copied from an
original memorial reported to the Legislature of the
self-styled State of Kansas from a committee, by
Mr. Hutchinson, its chairman, and .which, was first
adopted, and then referred to a committee of re-
vtsiom ■ This feet is verified by the oath of Col-
onel Lane, drawn in language so equivocal and
evasive as to raise a doubt in regard to the fair-
ness of the explanation. His oath is, that that
paper was drawn up and adopted, and was re-
ferred to a committee of revision, from which the
present revised copy is taken. By whom was it
taken? I will show you that>it. is a totally dif-
ferent document, andnot a true or even substan-
tial- copy of the one which he alleges was adopted
in Kansas. ■
Here I -may be permitted to remark that I do
not see what connection it has -with the genuine-
ness of-the paper, to prove that Colonel Lane was
in the Mexican war. I do not see the force of
that feet to elucidate the 'point in dispute.. Great
.pains have also-been taken here to prove that this
could not have been a fraud, because Colonel Lane
was a Democrat! 1 admit that is a pretty fair
presumption. I admit there is great weight in
that position  • . 
. The Senator from Iowa also assumes that this
could not have been a fraudbecause-Colxrael Lane
voted for the ^Nebraska bill. That, fact, too,
ought to have-its full weight in his favor, and
may raise the presumption that he is an honest
man, and. incapable of perpetrating a fraud upon
the Senate— • • -
But are these satisfactory proofs on the point
in dispute ? I have known men to claim to be
Democrats before, who had. about as good a title
-and as good a record as;.Colonel Lane.. Isuppose
that Mr. Francis P.. Blair could prove a good
record during .the lifetime of General Jackson;
and a volume could be written to show- his ser-
vices and bis devotion to.the. Democratic cause.
But if you will trace his history a little further
you find him jmesident of a Black Republican
convention at Pittsburg. In the face of that fact,
would you deem it fair to quote him as a- Demo-
crat at the. present time? 1 suppose that one
^Andrew Jackson Donelson could-show a record,
representing him as private-secretary to the Old
Hero, with the false claim put forth by his new
friends, that he was entitled to claim the honors
of an adopted son. He, too, is a candidate for
the Vice Presidency of the United States on tfye
Know Nothing ticket! Does this fact prove that
he is a Democrat now ? ,
I suppose it will not be denied by his.new po-
litical associates that Colonel Lane now is as
essentially identified with the Black Republican
party as Mr. Blair himself is, or as Mr. Donel-
son is with the. Know Nothing party. Is the
mere fact that they once belonged to the Demo-
cratic party conclusive evidence that they could
not hare,, done anything wrong since their apo?,-
tacy ? Is there so much, virtue in Democratic as-
sociations th?t(.itprotects a man's reputation from
\ all injurious imputations, after having fallen from
grace? I admit the virtue, so long as they are
faithful to Democratic principles; but I deny that
they have a, right to claim, as a saving grape,
sufficient to exculpate them for subsequent sins,
that they were once Democrats and apostacized
from the true faith. That, sir, is all I have to
say of the Democracy of Colonel Lane., and all
that class of modern politicians whose chief claim
to popular favor consists in the fact that they
were once Democrats, and have betrayed those
who reposed confidence in them, and heaped hon-
ors on them.
■ I .have to deal with this paper as I find it. Now,
is the paper which was presented the other day
a copy, or not,,of the paper now presented as
the .original? The first three pages of the ori-
ginal are not to-be found at all in the paper pre-
sented by the .Senator, from Michigan. I will
read some portions of thosei three pages. On the
\ second page will be found this paragraph:
I "• "The Constitution of the United States guaranties to
I every State a republican form nf (joveromerrt, and delegates
. to Congress qo pow.er to establish any laws over any Sjtate,
except sucli as ore national, and affect the States alike for
the common good. The people of any Territory or State,
'over whom the Constitution extends, although not admitted
: into the Union as a sovereign. State, have reserved tothem-
' selves the same inherent and inalienable rights 3s belonged
to the people of the several - States of the Union. The
Constituting declares that powers not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to
the States, are reserved to tbe States respectively or to the
people. Therefore, since the Constitution delegates to
Congress no' power to establish a Government over the new
Territories, the same inherent rights are reserved to the
people of a Territory-over which tlie Constitution extends,
as arc reserved to" the people of the several original
States." _
. Thus the memorial,-which, as it is-said, was
adopted by,the Kansas Legislature, declared their
right'- to form a State .constitution because the
Nebraska bill wasunconstitutional; because, being
unconstitutional, it was a nullity; because there
were no constituted authorities in the Territory;
because Congress had no power over them; and
hence they would not submit to the power of
Congress. That is the ground on'which this me-
morial adopted, by the Kansas Legislature puts
their case. It is the very point asserted in the
majority report, and denied by. the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Collamer] inthe minority report
—the very point dn .controversy between us and
our opponents. Colonel Lane comes here stand-
ing on the revolutionary right,-with a memorial
•that denies the power of Congress, and defies its
-authority; he finds his friends backing out, say-
ing that is not their, position; and then he sits
down and makes what, he caIlsaqopy,and omits
; that fundamental principle onwhicb their whole
' action rested. It is not an immaterial point. It
' is not a mere surplusage as pretended. It is
striking-at the fundamental principle upon, which
■they rest all their action. It is a change in a
vital part of the memorial, for the purpose of
avoiding the- issue which the majority of the
Committee.on Territories had Made with the mi-
nority, for the purpose of avoiding the weight of
the blows under which the defenders of this-re-
bellion were staggering and tottering until they
found-that they could not maintain their position.
In order to enable them to change the position
in which they had been beaten in argument, some-
body took their own memorial and struck out the
very ground on which they justified their-wMa
action, and brought forward a different thing, al-
together, as a justification of their conduct. I
submit-whether'this .does not make it-a totally
different document, .-affirming , entirely - different
principles, in order to place their action in
