1856.
TttE CON^EESStoNA'L GLOfil.
asked and obtained leave to introduce .a bill for
the relief of the widows and orphans of the offi-
cers, seamen, and marines of the United States
sloop of war Albany, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a bill to require the employment of ap-
prentices in the commercial marine of the United
States; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ADAMS, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the satisfaction of the Choctaw reservations,
under the nineteenth article of the treaty of Danc-
ing Rabbit Creek, of September, 1830-, which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BROWN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
incorporate the Columbia Wood Gas Company;
which was read a firstand second time by its title.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I have intro-
duced this bill at the solicitation of a portion of
the citizens of this District, who are interested
in the subject. Itwas prepared at the last session
of Congress by one of the Senators from Georgia
at that time, [Mr. Dawson,] was reported by
the Committee on the District of Columbia, and
partially acted on, I believe, in the Senate. In
introducing it now, I wish simply to have the
fact noted, that I do not at all commit myself in
regard to the subject. I have been called on, as
chairman of the Committee on the District of
Columbia, to introduce it, and have it referred to
that committee, in order that it may be considr
ered. I therefore move that reference.  /
The bill was so referred. ▼
ELECTION OF OFFICERS OF THE SENATE.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask the Senate now to proceed
to the consideration of the resolutions which I
submitted yesterday in regard to the election of
officers of the Senate.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER subsequently said: A majority
of the Senate tins morning decided against taking
up the resolutions of my friend from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Biggs.] At the instance of some of
my friends, with the view of having the question
finally disposed of. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate refused to take up those
resolutions.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question recurring on Mr. Biggs's motion, it
was agreed to. The Senate accordingly pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolutions, sub-
mitted yesterday by Mr. Biggs:
Resolved, That, tlio Siniaio will, cm Monday next, af one
o'clock, elect a St'cietfuy of tfio Senate, Seigcant-at-Aims
mid Dooikwipcr, and lioorkcepei.
Replied, That the following -iia 11 be one of the standing
rules of the Senate, 1o \\ it:
5"2. The Seeretaiv of the Senate, the Seigeunt-at-Arnib
and Doorkeeper, and Assistant Doorkeeper, bhall be cIiummi
on tiie second Monday of the fir^t session ot' every Con-
gress.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, this proposi-
tion was brought before the Senate at an early
period of the session by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Adams,] and was then disposed
of by a decisive vote, postponing it indefinitely.
I do not know that there is any rule of the Sen-
ate forbidding the introduction again of a propo-
sition once disposed of in this way; but there is
a rule of parliamentary law against it, which I
have examined, and will read to the Senate:
" In Parliament, a question once earned cannot he ques-
tioned again, at the bame session, but must stand as the
judgment of the Home."
Not only has this subject been once disposed of
at the present session, but it had been previously,
duiing last year, disposed of finally, as I hoped,
unless some good reason could be shown for recon-
sidering the formal action of the Senate. The
disposition of the Senate in regard to this subject,
as those know who have been here for some time,
has been tested, almost from year to year, cer-
tainly from Congress to Congress, by propositions
to change what has been the established practice
of the Senate to preserve permanency m its organ-
ization. In the year 1854, a select committee was
appointed, among the members of which were the
honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
one of the oldest members of the Senate, and one of
the best informed in regard to its usages, the honor-
able Senator from Delaware? [Mr. Clayton,] and
others whom I do not now recollect. I was also
a member of that committee. To us was referred
the tenure of the officers of the Senate as well as
the character of its organization; and in the report
of that committee, submitted last year, you will
find the following language:
" The Senate is a permanent body, liable to be convoked
separately from its coordinate branoh.nnd should be always
in a state of efficient organization. The only sound objec-
tion to such organization would be on the score of expense,
and under that recommended by the committee it will be
found that this is materially diminished.
" In the opinion of the committee, the correct and safe
transaction of the business of the Senate is materially de-
pendent on retaining in its service a corps of experienced,
well-trained, and diligent officers; and this can only be
done by security in their 1 espective positions so long as they
continue faithful in the discharge of their duties."
The report concluded by recommending to the
Senate resolutions intended to effect that perma-
nency of tenure in its officers. According to my
recollection, a motion was made to modify one
of those resolutions, by prescribing that, at each
Congress, as this resolution proposes, the prin-
cipal officers of the Senate—the Secretary, Ser-
geant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, and Assistant
Doorkeeper—should be elected; and it was re-
jected by a vote taken by yeas and nays. At
the present session, on the 5tn of December, 1855,
the following resolution was submitted by the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams:]
" Resolved, That the Senate will, on Monday next, at one
o'clock, elect a Secietary, Sergeant-ut-Anns and Door-
keeper, and Assistant Doorkeeper."
This resolution was considered on the 10th of
December, and was postponed indefinitely. Now
I submit to the honorable Senator who offers this
resolution, whether it is altogether consistent with
parliamentary law to raise questions of this kind
from day to day, or from month to month, during
the session ? I think the policy of the Senate is
established, and I therefore move the indefinite
postponement of the resolutions of the honorable
Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. President, I understand the
Senator from Virginia first to raise a question of
order.
Mr. MASON. No, sir.
Mr. BIGGS. Then there is no impropriety in
the introduction of this resolution, so far as the
rules of the Senate are concerned. I confess, sir,
that I was taken by suiprise, being acquainted
with another parliamentary law existing in North
Carolina, at the time when the motion was first
made here to indefinitely postpone this matter,
supposing that it was a disposition of it for the
whole session; but, understanding from Senators
who were more experienced than I was myself in
regard to the action of this body, that an indefinite
postponement did not preclude the introduction
of the same question attain in the Senate, 1 ven-
tured to bring forward the proposition now before
the Senate.
Sir, it is with great deference to the opinions
of Senators of more experience than myself that
I have introduced these resolutions; bat with a
decided conviction on my mind that the practice
of the Senate—the rule, if it may be considered
a rule, which has been adopted, is a rule that is
not proper to exist here; and availing myself of
the privilege of expressing my convictions, and
of placing myself right on the record, I thought
it proper to introduce these resolutions for the
consideration of the Senate. I beg the Senator
from Virginia, when he cites this uniform rule
and practice of the Senate, of such ancient date,
to be reminded of the fact, which I have ascer-
tained upon investigation, that this is but a recent
rule of the Senate. For more than a quarter of a
century a different practice prevailed. I have
investigated the subject, and I find that the first
report on this question was made in the Senate
in 1894; and then a rule was adopted by the
Senate of the United States, which required these
elections to take place on the second Monday of
the ffcfet session of every Congress. That was a
standing rule of the Senate from that time until
1849, when, upon the motion of a late distin-
guished member of this body (Colonel Benton)
that standing rule of the Senate was repealed.
But has the rule, then understood to bo established
by that repeal, been observed all the time ? No,
sir, there has been an election since then of the
officers of the Senate upon the motion of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] who made
the motion in the early part of this session. In
1859, on his motion, an election of the principal,
"officers of the Senate was had; and nhfe present
officers were chosen.
Sir, I do riot think that I am violating any very
ancient practice of the Seriate in bringing this
matter again to the consideration of tne body.
It is true, as I find from my examination of-at,
that on more than one occasion it has been before
the Senate since 1849, when the yeas and tf&'ys
were taken. The yeas and nays appear upon the
record. The yeas for the substitution of this old
rule of the Senate were 20, and the nays 24, on
December 11,1851. They are as follows:
"YEAS—Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead, Cass,
Chase, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodjre of Town, Douglas,
Downs, Felch, Foote of Mississippi, G win, Hamlin, Hunter,
James, Jones of Iowa, Noriis, Sumner, Walker, and Wliit-
comb—20.
a NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Badger, "Berrien, Borland,
Butler, Clarke, Davis. Dawson, Fish, Foot of Vermont,
Gever, Hale, Miller, Morton, Pearce, Pratt, Rhett, Seward,
Shields, Smith, Spruance, Stockton, Upliatn, and Wade
—24  
On a more recent occasion, to which the Sen-
ator from Virginia has alluded, on July 17,1854,
the yeas for the substitution of the old, rule were
91, and the nays 25. The list is as follows:
" YEAS—Mossis. Adams, Bright, Brodhead, Cass, Dodge
of Wisconsin, Dodge of Jowa, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of
Iowa, Jones of Tenne&see, Norris, Pettit, Rusk, Shields,
SlideU, Stuart, Sumner, Toueey, Walker, Weller, and Wil-
liams—91.
" NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Benja-
min. Brown, Butler, Clav, Clayton, Dawson, Evans, Fes-
senden, Fish, Fit/.patrick, Foot, Geyer, Hunter, Johnson,
Mason, Peaice, llockwcll, Thompson of Kentucky, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, and Wade—25."
This question was then brought before the Sen-
ate upon your motion, Mr. President. On more
than one occasion it has been brought to the no-
tice of tho Senate by your motion. Both the lists
to which I have referred were taken on proposi-
tions made by you to restore the old rule.
Now, sir, is our present practice right, or is it
wrong ? That is tlie important question to be
determined, it seems to me. According to my
idea of Democratic instincts, if 1 may use the ex-
pression, it is wrong. It is substantially making
the offices of the Senate life offices—the life ten-
ure obtains here. To that I am opposed. It is
not consistent, in my humble opinion, with tho
theory of the Government under which we live.
I do not propose to make a speech, because I
suppose gentlemen have made up their minds on
this question. I have said thus much to set my-
self right. 1 intend to vote for the introduction
of this old rule, and for a change of the present
practice.
Now, sir,-I desire to say to the Senate, most
emphatically, that I have no personal feeling in
regard to our present officers. I take it for
granted, that if this rule obtains, and my resolu-
tions should be passed, in all probability the
present officers of the Senate would be reelected;
but I cannot make any pledges until this resolu-
tion passes, and until we have an opportunity to
investigate the claims of those officers. 1 know
nothing about it, and therefore I shall make no
pledges about it. But I desire to say that I have
no personal feeling at all in regard to any of
these officers. The principle which I uphold
in regard to the election of officers ought to ob-
tain in the Senate; and it ought not to be vio-
lated. It is nothing but justice to the incoming
Senators, to say nothing of the injustice of the
principle of life-tenure. Sir, according to the
practice of the Senate, and the permanency of
these officers, of which the Senator from Vir-
ginia speaks, the incoming Senatoj shave no voice
at all in the election of officers; their wishes are
not consulted; their judgment is not exercised in
regard to the officers of the Senate.
Although we are further removed from respons-
ibility than any other department of the Govern-
ment, our tenure being six years, still we are
responsible, and we ought to be responsible, for
the exercise of the privilege of electing officers.
I put it to Senators whether they can feel the
same responsibility in selecting the officers for the
discharge of the duties of these stations as they
would feel if they had some voice in the appoint-
ment of the officers'1
Now, sir, I feel the full force of what has been
said by the Senator from Virginia as to the neces-
sity oi having experienced officers; and I take it
for granted that we shall not be deprived of ex-
perienced officers by the adoption of this rule. I
