>S®4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
..take it for granted that if we have experienced
officers, when the election comcs on, at the com-
mencement of every Congress, the Senate will
reelect them. No injury can therefore result,
according to my idea, to the public service by the
adoption of these resolutions, or any risk be run
of getting inexperienced officers when we have
the judgment of the Senate to control that matter
in the selection of those officers.
But, I do not propose, Mr. President, to occupy
the time of the Senate with any extended remarks
on this question. There is one consideration,
however, that has struck me very forcibly indeed,
to which I wish to call the attention of the Senate.
This branch of Congress is the great conserv-
ative power in the theory of our Government,
as far as the legislative department is concerned.
The practice that now prevails, in my humble
judgment, is well calculated to weaken the attach-
ment of a large mass of the people to this portion
of the Government. Not only this, but there
may be other objections. I feel greatly honored
by being considered worthy, by my State, to
represent her in this august body; and so far as
my humble abilities go, I propose, in my action
here, to pursue such a course that, so far from
removing us, or having the appearance of remov-
ing us, from the great mass of the people, will
attach that mass more strongly to this branch of
the Government. I am, therefore, sir, upon prin-
ciple, and upon every consideration that influ-
ences my political course, decidedly in favor of
the adoption of these resolutions.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I desire to say
et word to explain the vote which I expect to give
on this occasion. It is true that I introduced,
at the commencement of this session, a resolution
providing for an election of the officers of the
Senate. One reason for doing so was, that if,
at the commencement of the session, we adopted
the resolution, it would afford to new Senators,
who had no voice in the selection of our present
officers, an opportunity to express their prefer-
ences, and that by going into an election at that
period there would be no reflection on our existing
officers, so* that if a majority of the Senate pre-
ferred another person to an incumbent, it would
be no reflection on him. One object which I had
in view was to test the sense of trie Senate on the
principle involved. These officers hold their offices
now under a resolution which provides that they
shall hold their offices until otherwise ordered by
the Senate. Yet, if we otherwise order, it occurred
to me that we should do so at the commencement
of the session. The Senate differed with me in
opinion, and by an almost unanimous vote—my
friend from North Carolina [Mr. Biggs] and my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Ptioii] being the only voices
I heard in favor of my views—rejected my propo-
sition. So decided was the expression of the Sen-
ate, that I did not even call for a division. That
vote of the Senate was equivalent to a reelection of
all the officers, the proposition for a new election
having been made and rejected. Now, after they
have been reelected for the Congress in this indirect
mode by a vote of the Senate, to pass these reso-
lutions, which would in legal effect be a removal
of them, would be a reflection on the present offi-
cers. Therefore, being always willing to be gov-
erned by the majority, as is the duty of every
good citizen, I am opposed now—the sense of the
Senate having been once ascertained at this session
on this subject—to reverse and reconsider that
vote, and bring on these elections. For this reason
I shall cast my vote in opposition to these resolu-
tions.
Mr. BAYARD. I trust the motion of my hon-
orable friend from Virginia will prevail, and that
these resolutions will be indefinitely postponed.
Sir, if we wish to organi7e here at the commence-
ment of every Congress a band of office-hunters,
we shall pass the resolutions offered by the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina. That wijj
be the effect, and the only effect of them. It is an
entire misapprehension to suppose that there is
such a thing as a life tenure in the office of Sec-
retary or any olheroffice of the Senate, under our
usages and under our rules. The officers hold
during the pleasure of the Senate. What is there
anti-democratic in that? All the clerks in your
Departments hold by the same tenure; and as ap-
plied to administrative officers, if you ever wish
to preserve good administrative officers, and to
continue them only while they perform their
duties properly, you must adhere to that rule. If
you have periodical elections in a body which,
from its organization, is not compelled to have
a periodical organization, as the House of Repre-
sentatives is, you will have a struggle at the com-
mencement of every Congress for every promi-
nent office in the gift of the Senate; you will have
private solicitation; you will have intrigues; you
will have all sorts of corruption; and you will
ultimately end in obtaining officers who will be
perfectly worthless for conducting the business
of the Senate. Such, at least, is my opinion. I
see no democracy in the question at all, Mr.
President. I see nothing anti-democratic or anti-
republican in the Senate holding their officers by
the tenure of their pleasure. They can dismiss
any officer at any time they see fit; and it is not
to be presumed, that if an officer should not per-
form his duties, every member of the Senate would
be unwilling to make a motion for his dismissal,
and that, if made on proper grounds, the Senate
would not act upon it and remove the officer.
That is quite a sufficient guardianship, and I am
satisfied, myself, it is the true principle of action
in reference to administrative officers. Enter-
taining these views, I shall vote for the motion
for the indefinite postponement.
Mr. BIGGS. I call for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not know
that I have made up my mind on this question;
but I think there is a ready answer to one sug-
gestion thrown out by the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason.] We arc placed in very different
circumstances now from what we were when the
vote was taken at the beginning of the session;
because, since then, the House of Representa-
tives has been organized under a different rule
from that which before prevailed, and some of
our friends whom we thought were safely moored
there have been unsettled. [Laughter.] This
may be a fitting opportunity of expressing a little
sympathy for those who have suffered by the
revolution there, that would suggest a reason for
a change now which did not exist at the time the
first vote was taken. I do not know that in any
other respect it stands on a different footing; and
if this view is not strong enough to induce a re-
consideration,! suppose it would be as well to let
matters stand as they are.
Mr. BIGGS. I will say to the Senator from
New Hampshire, that the consideration to which
he has alluded has not governed my action. I
am actuated from what I deem a correct principle.
I am free to say, however, that, all things being
equal, I shall always be disposed to prefer my
political friends in the bestowment. of office. To
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] who
fears the organization of a band of office-seekers,
I remark that the selection of officers is an inci-
dent to republican representative Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. Before I yote, I wish to ask
a question. As these resolutions relate to an
election of all the officers of the Senate, will an
indefinite postponement of them preclude any
Senator from offering a resolution for the election
of a particular officer?
The PRESIDENT. No, sir.
Air. RUSK. Certainly not.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I shall vote to post-
pone.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 33, nays II; as follows:
YT3AS— Mrssis. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Bell of Tennes-.
see, Benjamin, Brown, Butler, Clay, Coilamer, Dodge,
Evans, Fes^endcn, Fi-4i, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin,
Houston, Ilantri, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Malloiy,
IVkNon, l'eaiee, Piatt, llussk, Sebastian, Stuart, Thompson
of Kentucky, Toombs, Wade. Wilson, and Wiight— 33.
NAYS — Alo^r* Biggs?, Bright, Brodhead, Douglas, Fitz-
patnek, Jones of Iowa, Pugh, Sumner, Toucey, Tiumbull,
and Weller—11. /
So the resolutions were postponed indefinitely.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY. \
The Senate, on motion by Mr. HALE, re-
sumed the consideration of Mr. Clayton's motion
to refer to the Committee on Foreign Relations the
letter of Lord John Russell, of January 19, 1853,
in reference to the Clayton-Bulwer treaty.
Mr. WILSON addressed to the Senate remarks
which will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to ask the Senator
from Massachusetts a question in relation to one
portion of the speech which he has just delivered
to the Senate. I understood that Senator to state
that, at the time the Clayton-Bulwer treaty was
negotiated, Great Britain was in the possession of
the Bay Islands, as a dependency of the Belize. I
have been endeavoring to get all the information
on this subject that I could gather, but I have
come across no authority to that effect. I should
be very glad if the Senator from Massachusetts
would favor us with the source of his information
on this point. I know that Mr. Everett said so
in his speech, but I have never seen the authority
for the statement.
Mr. WILSON. I quoted, Mr. President, the
opinion of Mr. Everett upon this subject. I
know not upon what authority the statement was
made. If I remember correctly, however, the
Island of Roatan was taken possession of by
Groat Britain in 1742; but, under the treaty of
1786, it was given up to Spain, as a part of the
Spanish continent. On the independence of the
Central American States being established, it
passed into the hands of those States, and the
flag of Honduras was raised there in 1829. That
flag waved over the island, I think, until about
the year 1840, when it was taken down by Brit-
ish authority. The claim of England was sur-
rendered for the time being, but afterwards the
agent of Great Britain at the Belize took posses-
sion of the island; and from 1841 up to the time
when this treaty was framed, the inhabitants of
the island were governed directly from the Belize
settlement. After the treaty was made in 1850,
the people wished for an organized colonial gov-
ernment, and a British agentfrom the Belize went
there. They agreed to raise a sum of money to
siy$)ort the government. The British Govern-
ment, in 1852, organized the colony of the Bay
Islands; and the claim on which they base their
position is, that those islands were a part of their
Belize settlement. I do not believe that claim of
England just in any way. I believe it to be a
mere assumption. I think that her action is an
outrage on the State of Honduras. Such, how-
ever, was her claim; and I think it will turn out,
on investigation, (and perhaps it will some time
come to light,) that when the treaty was framed
it was distinctly understood that Roatan did not
come within its provisions, and that it was ex-
cepted with the Belize.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I do not
intend to address the Senate upon this subject; I
am in pursuit of information upon what 1 deem
the vital question in this whole negotiation with
Great Britain, and that is, the Bay Inland colony.
I understood the Senator from Massachusetts to
state that the Bay Island colony, at the time of
the negotiation of the Clayton and Bulwer treaty,
was an appendage of the Belize settlement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Claimed as such.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Was claimed, if you please,
by Great Britain, as an appendage of the Belize
settlement. 1 can find no authority to that effect
anywhere. I can find nowhere any pretension,
on the part of Great Britain, that Roatan and the
islands adjacent to it, were the " dependencies "
referred to in the notes of the negotiators, as a
part of the Belize settlement, until the last cor-
respondence between Lord Clarendon and Mr.
Buchanan. Then I perceived, for the first time,
that that pretension was set up by Great Britain.
I wished, in search of the truth on this subject,
to call the attention of the Senate, and of the
Senatorfrom Massachusetts, to thatdistinct point,
whether, prior to the negotiation of the Clayton
and Bulwer treaty, the Island of Roatan, and the
adjacent islands, had been claimed by Great
Britain ns any portion of her Belize settlement,
upon any occasion, in any communication to this
country, or in any public document whatever.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, when this debate
was first entered upon by the honorable Senator
from Delaware, and followed afterwards by the
honorable Senator from Michigan, I ventured
to suggest an opinion that, perhaps, it would be
found better that the* debate shoxild not progress
before the Senate in the present posture of this
question, as shown in the annual message of the
President of the United States. The message of
the President, as I understand it, informed the
Senate that, although the questions arising out of
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty between the Govern-
ments of Great Britain and the United States had
rather a serious aspect, those questions were still
