THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourti-i Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 8, 1856.
New Series....No. 71.
the South? When other States get what they
can, I wish to know what we are to obtain? I am
for a system, and I do not wish to gbe them the
start, but let all have an equal chance.
Sir, I do not intend to interfere in the Demo-
cratic quarrel which has been raised; for what is
the Democratic faith on this subject is so apocry-
phal, that I do not feel myself divine enough,
and sufficiently well read on the subject to decide.
[Laughter.] They go back to revolutionary an-
cestors. I do not know what ai*e the traditions
and the faith of the fathers on this subject. What
is more, I do not think the gentlemen themselves
know what is orthodoxy or heterodoxy in refer-
ence to this point.
Sir, the whole proposition here is to take par-
ticular States and make appropriations for tnem
without giving a dollar for others, and then m
the noise and confusion which will supervene,
[laughter]—of course I make no improper allu-
sion—after they get their pork and bread, the
residue will get nothing. I wish to have all these
bills recommitted to the committee, for I beiieve
you will do nothing on this subject at the present
session. You never did at any session preceding
the presidential election. You will carry on a
little humbugging for presidential capital, for
effect in the country, but you will not pass a river
and harbor bill. All that you will do will be to
pass the regular appropriation bills to carry on
the Government, and it is useless to humbug or
Buncombe any more.
I am in favor of the motion to recommit the bill
to the Committee on Commerce, and I hope that
that will be for it "the tomb of the Capulets,"
and that we shall never hear of it again. I say
again, give us a system or give us nothing. I
cannot follow the President, going off as he did
in his veto message. That may suit the gentle-
man from South Carolina, or the gentleman from
Mississippi; but it is the first time 1 ever knew in
my life that the resolutions of 1798 and 1799 were
to govern us in our construction of the Constitu-
tion. Sir, I am opposed to having forty dogs to
pick at a skeleton for a bone; I am opposed to
running through forty alphabets; I am for doing
the thing at once in one bill; Z am for the com-
mittal of this bill, and let it sleep. The truth
about it is, intrinsically and radically, that there
is no propriety, and I think—I say it with all due
respect—there is no sense in it.
Mr. ADAMS. I had not intended to say a
word on this subject, and I shall now make but
very few remarks. It is not a matter of import-
ance to me at this time to attempt to maintain
the consistency of my Democratic rccord, as 1 am
not recognized as a member of the party calling
itself by that name. It is my duty, however, to
maintain, if I can, myrtJonsistency as a supporter
and defender of the Constitution which I have
sworn to support.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart]
has alluded to a vote which I gave in favor of an
appropriation for cleaning out the mouths of the
Mississippi river. I draw a wide distinction be-
tween that appropriation and the one under con-
sideration. This is clearly for an object of in-
ternal improvement, intended to facilitate com-
merce between the States. There is no serious
pretense that it is intended for anything else but
to facilitate commerce between the States. It is
not intended to collect revenue. The appropria-
tion for which I voted was necessary, in myjudg-
ment, for the collection of the revenues of the
Government., and a necessary incident following
from the right to collect the revenues. You may
look at every vote which I gave while I was a
member of the other branch of Congress, and
since I have been in this body, and you will find
no vote for an appropriation on the Mississippi
river, but you will find many votes against such
an appropriation, although my State borders for
its whole length upon that river. I know that
they have ports of entry and collection districts
above the mouth of the river, butl have notlooked
upon them as necessary, and, therefore I have
voted against appropriations at such points.
71
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] alluded to
the discussion on this subject when it was under
consideration by those who framed the Consti-
tution. By reference to the proceedings of the
convention, you will find that a proposition was
directly made to confer on Congress the power
of cutting canals and facilitating commerce be-
tween the States, and that proposition was voted
down by a majority of two to one. Mr. Madi-
son, in defending the language in the clausc of
the Constitution giving Congress power to regu-
late commerce between the States, said in the
convention that it meant to pass laws for the gov-
ernment, and not for the facilitation of commerce.
If, however, to facilitate commerce between the
States is meant by that clausc of the Constitution,
Mr. Winthrop, of Massachusetts, was right
when he said that this was an entire system—that
we either had not the power, orwere limited only
by the necessities of the country and the capacity
of the Government, to fulfill these necessities.
As to the controversy, which is brought here
between members of the Democratic party, I
shall not interfere with it. We know that the
practice has been always to declare, as we did
four years ago in the resolutions which have been
referred to by Senators, that the party was op-
posed to a general system of internal improve-
ments. That provision—a strict and rigid one—
was embraced in the Democratic platform four
years ago; and yet, according to my recollection,
in two months after that resolution was adopted
at Baltimore, Congress, with an overwhelming
majority of Democrats in both branches, passed
a bill—I do not know whether you call it a sys-
tem or not—but an internal improvement bill for
the improvement of rivers and harbors, with
many appropriations,if I recollect aright, for riv-
ers commencing and terminating in one State—
as local as a mill-pond.
I am astonished to some extent at the mistake
into which my colleague seems to have fallen.
He appears to think that if a man does not vote
according to theprofessed principles of the Demo-
cratic party, he is no Democrat. That is not the
test at the present day. A man who votes for
the nominees of the party is now considered a
good party man, and he is allowed to vote as he
S'eases on principles. I regret to see my old
emocratic friends contending here on any other
issue as a true test—I speak of the practice and
recognition of parties in this country.
Mr. BIGGS. I have not risen for the purpose
of participating in this discussion, but I desire to
know what is the real question now before the
Senate ?
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Yulee,]
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Com-
merce .
Mr. BIGGS. Without instructions?
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGGS. That I understood to be the
motion of the Senator from Florida. I profess to
be a practical man, and I desire to vote on all
questions presented for my consideration in this
body, upon their merit. For this reason I en-
tirely approve of the suggestion which has been
made by several Senators, that all measures should
stand on their own merits, and each should be
acted on separately. I entertain the opinion that
appropriations may be made for some improve-
ments in the country—improvements which are
clearly and palpably within the power of Congress
under the Constitution. Here, however, is a
work presented for the consideration of the Sen-
ate, about which I am not informed, about which
I have no light from any report made by the com-
mittee who have submitted this bill. There is a
simple, naked appropriation of $25,000 for the
construction of a harbor at Marquette, on Lake
Superior. 1 desire to be informed on the subject,
so as to judge whether this particular work is one
that commends itself to my mind as cl6arly within
jfce powers of the Constitution, apd for the eon-
"ruction of which Congress ought to make an
appropriation.
Again: I desire further information on another
point; and I am induced to make the inquiry from
what lias transpired during the present session of
Congress. I dislike very much deficiency bills;
I believe they are wrong in principle. I wish to
inquire here, how do we know, from anything
that appears before the Senate, what this harbor
at Marquette is to cost the Government? Have
we any plan; have we any estimate? I have
heard of none. An appropriation of §25,000 i3
proposed for a harbor—upon what plan ? what
sort of a harbor? how much is it to cost? is there
any estimate? None; or, if there was an esti-
mate, is it pretended that $25,000 will complete
the work? I desire to vote understandingly; but
I do not like to do things by piecemeal. These
appropriations to commence a work, without
knowing whatis to be the conclusion of it, or the
cost of it, I do not admire.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will examine
the bill he will find that it is expressly provided
that the appropriation shall complete the work,
and that the money shall not be expended with-
out the Secretary letting a contract that shall com-
plete it.
Mr. BIGGS. I understand very well that you
may make an appropriation of that kind, butl
understand still further, from my short experi-
ence here, that when you make an appropriation,
unless you have the plan and the estimate accom-.
panying* the bill, it is unfortunately the case that
it costs three or four times more than the amount
appropriated. Reasons are subsequently assigned
to induce Congress to pursue a different course;
engineers go and examine the work, and say that
$25,000 will not do, and that we should appro-
priate §25,000 more. We expend the amount
first appropriated, and then we are called upon
to authorize further expenditures upon a plan pro-
jected; and the cost, finally, in a great many in-
stances, doubles, trebles, or even quadruples, the
amount of the original appropriation.
Now, if wc have a plan and estimate made by
a competent engineer, accompanying!this bill,
without going to sea upon it, without knowing
anything specially about it, -we may, with some
propriety, confine the expenditure to the appro-
priation; but I do not find anything of this kind,
and therefore I ask that this mo'tion to recommit
may be adopted with instructions. I propose
that the committee be instructed to report the
icasons for the appropriation contained ill this
bill, as a national work, and also a plan and esti-
mate for a harbor at Marquette, and the amount
that will bo required to complete the harbor.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. *
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 6, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order was the consideration of House bill
(No. 152) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending 30th June, 1857, and that upon
that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Camfbell]
had called the previous question.
Mr. DEAN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to present resolutions of the State of
Connecticut, that they may be laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the morning
hour commenced ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. JONES. Does not the consideration of
the bill announced by the Chair come within the
morning hour ? .
The SPEAKER. It does not. It is a special
order, made so by the order of the House. The
bill has been reported from the Committee of th§
