1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
in the hands of the Executive, and a hope was
expressed by both Governments that they would
attain an amicable solution. The language of
the message I will read to the Senate. After a
review of the correspondence which had taken
place between the British and American negotia-
tors on the subject, the President said:
"The British Government, in its last communication,
although well knowing the views of the United States, still
declares that it sees no reason why a conciliatory spirit may
not enable the two Governments to overcome all obstacles
to a satisfactory adjustment of the subject.
"Assured of the correctness of the construction of the
treaty constantly adhered to by this Government, and re-
solved to insist on the rights of the United States, yet actu-
ated also by the same desire which is avowed by the British
Government, to remove all causes of serious misunder-
standing between two nations associated by so many ties
of interest and kindred, it has appeared to me proper not to
consider an amicable solution of the controversy hopeless.
" There is, however, reason to apprehend that, with Great
Britain in the actual occupation of the disputed territories,
and the treaty therefore practically null, so far as regards our
rights, this international difficulty cannot long remain un-
deteimined, without involving in serious danger the friendly
relations which it is the interest as well as the duty of both
countries to cherish and preserve. It will afford me sin-
cere gratification if future efFoits shall result in the success
anticipated heretofore, with more confidence than the aspect
uf the case peimits me now to entertain."
It is perfectly manifest, therefore, that the
President does not consider the negotiations at
an end, but readily embraces, and in the most
conciliatory tone, the suggestion of the British
Government, that the misunderstanding might,
by proper forbearance between the two Govern-
ments, be brought to an amicable adjustment. I
am sure we have all been gratified to find that but
one tone has pervaded the Senate, and that is, to
sustain the President in the construction which
he has placed on the treaty. I submit, then, to
honorable Senators, whether to continue the de-
bate, expressive of the individual views which
actuate Senators here, may not rather have the
effect of embarrassing future negotiations than of
aiding them—either to create new resentments
between the two countries, or to inflame existing
resentments.
I do not feel myself at liberty to give counsel
to the Senate on this subject; but it does seem to
me that it would be better at this stage, more
especially as we are about instituting a new mis-
sion to England, and as the President has in-
formed us that the subject has not passed beyond
negotiation, to leave it m the hands of the Execu-
tive, when we have the admitted expression of the
opinion of the Senate that, so far, it has been
most ably conducted. I do not mean to suggest
to any Senator what should be his course, but if
there is no further disposition to continue the
debate, I ask that the question may be taken on
he reference.
Mr. FOOT. I am advised that the distinguished
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] whose
interest in this question we all understand, is
detained from personal attendance on the Senate
in consequence of indisposition. I think I am
well advised personally of his desire to be heard
further on the question, before a final disposition
shall be made of it. I would suggest, therefore,
to the Senator from Virginia, that, instead of ask-
ing that the question shall be disposed of by a
reference now, it would be better to postpone it for
a day or two, until the Senator from Delaware
shall be present.
Mr. MASON. I was not aware that the Sen-
ator from Delaware desired to be heard further.
The Senator from Vermont, however, having
other information, of course I shall not ask that
the question be now taken.
.Mr. FOOT. I move that the further consider-
ation of the subject be postponed until Monday
next.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I must insist
upon a reference of the question now. I think,
from what I can learn, by communications which
I have received, as well as from other indications
in the public press, that the debate which has
taken place m the Senate of the United States on
this question, has not had a propitious effect
upon the controversy, which has been courted in
some measure—I am sorry to say it—by the re-
marks submitted by some of the Senators on this
floor.
I do not propose now to go into this subject,
although I represent a portion of the Confederacy
deeply interested in such a question as the one
which has been so proudly suggested by some
Senators, who have looked to war as one of the
probable, or at least possible, events to grow out
of this negotiation. As far as I have road the
papers connected with this subject—and I have
conferred with my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Mason,] who is very well informed on the sub-
ject, and I have endeavored to acquire all the in-
formation which I could upon it—I think there
is not likely to be an issue of war between the
United States and Great Britain in regard to this
matter. If I were disposed, as some gentlemen
seem to be disposed, to look to the sword, at this
period of the world's history, as the only arbiter
between these two nations, I should not talk
with the flippancy with which some gentlemen
have talked about war. In the language of the
poet, I would say—
"Woe ! woe ! to the coward,
That ever he was born,
Who seized not the sword
Before he blew the horn." [Laughter.]
Gentlemen are advertising Great Britain that
they intend to make war, not only to maintain
the Monroe doctrine, which has never been sanc-
tioned or recognized, as far as I know, by any
constitutional authority, but to bring within the
purview and control of the Monroe doctrine all
the colonial possessions of Great Britain; to deny
her the right of colonizing what she claims; to
whip her out of Canada; to take everything we
can from her, and drive her from everyplace she
occupies on the American continent.
Sir, as I have said thus much, I cannot resume
my seat without remarking that I concur fully in
the American interpretation of the treaty. I have
examined it fairly, I hope, and I have consulted
neither the counsels of resentment, nor those of
prejudice, in relation to Great Britain, nor in re-
gard to those who have been connected with the
treaty.
A question was asked to-day by my honorable
friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] the im-
port of which, I think, reaches further than is
perceived, and it is a question of great import-
ance in this conncction. His question was, sub-
stantially, what right has Great Britain to claim
one foot of land in any part, of Central America
or its dependencies, or any of the territory directly
or indirectly embraced within the maps of Hon-
duras, Guatemala, Costa Rica, San Salvador,
Nicaragua, or even the Belize settlement? lhave
examined the matter, and as far as I can perceive,
she has no other title than the title of the sword.
[ take it that those countries were discovered, set-
tled, colonized, and brought under the subjection
of nationaldominion, whilst Spain held the scepter
; over Central America and South America. In
the transitory state of revolution, when these
provinces assumed, or undertook to assume, a
separate national existence, could Great Britain at
such a time claim any possession there without
violating national law? Is it not true that the
title to these provinces was never in abeyance
according to any strict national law? "When the
' provinces of Spam on this continent assumed the
right of self-government, were not all the title, the
possession, the dominion, and the interest which
Spain ever had subrogated to those provinces?
Clearly so, according to international law.
Sir, when Great Britain undertakes to interfere
by taking possession of the protectorate of an
Indian tribe, it is—I must use a strong expres-
sion—making use of a perfidious tenant, with a
view to acquire an advantage over a position to
which she had no rightful claim. When she un-
dertook to invade the possessions of Spain, and
to get a foothold in her territories through a pro-
tectorate over the Mosquito tribe of Indians, it was
using a tenant; she was forcing the King of Mos-
quito to becomc her perfidious tenant to give her
a right to claim possession—a right which she
had never legally and properly acquired. I am
free to say that I do not even know whence she
derived her right to possession at the Belize.
Like my friend trom Louisiana, I have examined
it, and ! cannot see that she has any rightful title
even there.
But, sir, embarrassing as these parts of the
subject may be, the terms of the treaty are as
clear as can be; and but for the extraneous notes
which passed between Mr. Clayton and Sir Henry
Bulwer in relation to it, there could be no difficulty
at all. I am afraid, however, that those notes
may be regarded as a clue to the casuistry to
which Great Britain has resorted, and that she
may well take refuge in the subterfuge of those
extraneous notes, instead of relying on the plain,
broad, and obvious import of the treaty itself. I
am afraid that treaty was made with snares upon
her hands, and that we are likely to experience, in
some measure, the influence of her adroit, per-
haps safe, mode of dealing with this subject, so
far as regards herself. I agree with the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts, that if the treaty
had never been made, there would have been no
cause—not even the causes which have been sug-
gested so proudly—there would not have been
even a cloud of war.
Sir, I will say furthermore, that sooner than go
directly to war with Great Britain to maintain the
obligations of this treaty—obligations which seem
to have been construed first one way and then
another, according as the interest of one nation
may have suggested, or the interpretations or
resentment of one negotiator may have influenced
him—I would abrogate the whole treaty; I would
say to John Bull, "we will let you run the race
for the settlement of Central America; we will
put Brother Jonathan against you; and he will
beat you." [Laughter.] Sir, what is the use
of talking about keeping out American popula-
tion from Central America, and talking about
being afraid of the Power which may control the
Island of Roatan? You might as well talk of
what has actually taken place. "When the accu-
mulated waters beyond Harper's Ferry were
beating against the mountain, they broke tnrough
it; they made a current; they made a river; and
the waters sought the sea. You might as well
talk of stopping the current of the Potomac, as of
keeping out American population from running
into this portion of the world, to which we are
neighbors, and in which we have so many inter-
ests. Sir, when Great Britain undertakes to
enter into such a contest, without this treaty, I
should not fear the contest whether it were a race
or a fight. In any contest of that kind you will
find Yankee enterprise, western couragc, and fili-
bustering morality perfectly reconcilable to stand
with John Bull's code of moraIs>, national or
individual. [Laughter.]
But, sir, I have not, like others, proclamations
of war to make. I think that the war fever which
was got up by my friend, the Sempronian Sena-
tor from Michigan, is going out; and when the
next news comes from Europe, you will find that
it will be so far reduced, that there will be scarcely
any of it, and all the stirring up of senatorial
eloquence cannot keep up the fire.
Sir, whilst I am in this desultory tone of speak-
ing I will say a few words more. So far as their
past history and present position arc concerned,
there arc no two nations on the earth who have
under their control, as trustees, so sacred an office
to perform as Great Britain and thcUnited States,
to maintain the civilization of the world. I think
the time will come when the sword will be looked
upon as a vulgar arbiter; and that time when the
great orb of civilization will shine with its full
effulgence upon all the nations of the earth. Sir,
when I heard the Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] and the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Foot,] with their bugle notes of war—they spoke
remarkably well, and I listened to them with
pleasure—I thought of the beautiful lines of
Gray:
" Fond impious man, think'st thou yon sanguine cloud,
Raised by thy bieafh, has quenchcd the oib of day ?
To-morrow he repaus the golden flood,
And warms the nations with redoubled ray."
Sir, when I rose I had no idea of saying as
much as I have said. My object in rising' was-
to concur with my friend from Virginia in saying
that this debate ought to be suppressed; no, sir,
not suppressed; I recall that word, because I sup-
pose it is anti-democratic. [Laughter.] I will
say, however, that I would rather see a little good
sense in the small circle prevailing in the com-
mittee-room than all the splendor of eloquence
■ that has been shed upon the subject in the Senate.
11 I prefer to have the subject investigated by the
I: appropriate committee.
:l I am free, however, now to declare, that I be-
lieve Great Britain has made encroachments; and
I have read enough of history to know that straits
ancl isthmuses have been the great places upon
which nations have made war. Who has not read
of the celebrity of the Straits of Thermopylce?
