the congressional globe.
February 12,
Perhaps they are remembered, not so much for
"any intrinsic importance as for the heroic action
associated with them. We all know the history
of the contests for the Bosporus and the Straits
of Gibraltar. I am not prepared to say but that
•the Isthmus of Darien, connecting North and
South America, is likely to be converted into a
strait by railroads and canals, isthmus as it"is,
and may possibly become the locus in quo where
nations shall contend for the greatest influence
that has ever been exerted on earth. I would
hope that, in the spirit which suggested the treaty
under consideration, nations themselves should
agree to make this a great highway for the com-
merce and civilization of the earth, rather than
that itshould be made,by negotiators with snares
upon their hands, to involve two great nations
in war. I am not one of those who hesitate to
dcclare that I should regard it as a great calamity
to see this country, whose mission is peace and
whose office is to advance the great cause of civ-
ilization, engagein war with any country for the
acquisition of territory.
In my opinion, the acquisition of territory has
been the source of our weakness and of danger
to the stability of our republican institutions.
Mr HALE. It is a fact.
Mr. BUTLER. I believe it. Gentlemen, with
all their enlarged philanthropy and patriotism,
may talk of bringing into tlie cmbrace of the
Republic free-soil territory, Canada, the Rocky
Mountains, and Mexico, into the bargain; but,
sir, you will find that God alone can govern this
earth. It is not permitted for man to extend his
jurisdiction beyond a very limited sphere, and I
believe that no civilization will approach so high
as that which is exerted with intensity and with-
in a jurisdiction controllable by human wisdom.
For the reasons which I have stated, I sincerely
hope that this matter will be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. 1 wish the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] were here. I did
intend to take advantage of a fitting occasion to
make some remarks on the Monroe doctrine, par-
ticularly as he shot some of his arrows at me,
though he did not call my name.
-lYIutato nomine, do te
Fabula narratur
I know what he aimed at, but, as he is not here,
I shall make no remarks upon the question.
Mr. FOOT. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until Monday next.
I think that is due to the absent Senator from
Delaware, inasmuch as that absence is the conse-
quence of indisposition.
Mr. MASON. 1 concur with the Senator from
Vermont. I am very reluctant to differ from my
honorable friend fium South Carolina, with whom
I most generally concur, and when I do agree
with him find myself always in the right; but I
think, considering the peculiar relations in which
the Senator from Delaware stands to the subject,
and the interest which he has taken in it, even
more than courtesy requires that it should be
postponed for his convenience. I hope, therefore,
that the motion of the Senator from Vermont will
be agreed to.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 12,1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Josuua Morsell.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, announcing
that the Senate had passed an act entitled, " An
act to authorize the issuing of a register to the
bark Monmouth," m which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the resolutiun relating to the election of a pub-
he printer.
j\Iv. CLINGMAN. I demand the regular order
of business.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. T ask the gentle-
man from North Carolina to withhold his demand
for a moment, to allow me to make a personal ex-
planation.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly.
Mr. OLIVER. Mr. Speaker, in looking-over I
the Congressional Globe of this session, I dis- !
cover that, on the first ballot for Speaker, I am
recorded as having voted for Mr. Wheeler, of
New York. This was an error which, of course,
resulted from a mere inadvertence on the part
of the Clerk. Instead of having voted for Mr.
"Wheeler on any ballot, I voted for Mr. Rich-
ardson on the first ballot, and then steadily on
for that honorable gentlemanto the last ballot re-
corded for him. This error, though not of great
importance intrinsically, still I deem of sufficient
interest to justify this explanation. It might be
rendered important at some future period, if un-
explained by mo at this time.
The SPEAKER (at a subsequent time) said:
I am informed that the Journal of the House, of
the day referred to by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, shows that Mr. Oliver, of New York,
voted for Mr. Wheeler for Speaker, and not Mr.
Oliver, of Missouri. The Journal is, therefore,
correct.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, it was
Ordered, That leave bo gi anted to withdraw from the files
of the House, papeis in reference to the passage of a law
tor the piotcction of dramatic authors, for the purpose of
reference m the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to withdraw
certain papers to which I referred yesterday. I
move that the parties in the case of Thomas
Crown have leave to withdraw their papers
from the files of the House. I also make the
same motion in the case of Joseph Radcliff. I
make the motion in this form, in order to obviate
the objections made by my colleague [Mr.
Jones] and the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Hayen.] Both of those cases are already before
the Court of Claims. I am informed that the
court has entertained them, and no question of
jurisdiction is involved. The object of the mo-
tion is simply that the court may have possession
of the papers in order to proceed regularly to
dispose of the cases.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to my
colleague, that, in order to permit claimants to
withdraw papers, the withdrawal should be for
some particular purpose. For his information I
will state that there were, some years ago, cases
where persons withdrew papers , and took from
them such as prevented the passage of their
claims, and then returned the balance, or supplied
the places of those taken away by other and dif-
fercntpapcrs.
Mr. WRIGHT. My object is to present them
to the Court of Claims.
Mr. HAVEN. The objection which I made
yesterday does not apply to the case the gentle-
man has presented this morning.
No objection being made, leave was granted to
withdraw the papers referred to by Mr. Wright.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now insist upon the
regular order of business.
COMMODORE CHARLES STEWART.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask the gentleman
from North Carolina to withdraw his demand, in
order that I may present to the House joint res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of New
Jersey, m reference to Commodore Charles
Stewart.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will for that purpose.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I send to the Clerk's
desk the resolutions which I referred to, and ask
that they be read.
The resolutions were then read, as follows:
Joiiit Resolutions in relation to Commodoie Charles Stewart,
of the United Slates N.ivy.
Whereas Commodore Charles Stewait, an eminenteitizen
of tins Slate, by the action of a boaid created under the, act
of Congu'b*, pa-^ed Febiiuu v 28, l&oo, entitled An act to
promote the efficiency ot the Navy," has been deposed fiom
j well earned position of senior post-captain of the United
States Navy, and placed upon the letired list authorized by
&aid act; and whereas the s-aul action of said board has
been appiovcd by the Piesident of the United States, but
Commodoic Stewait has appealed nom the same to the
repiesentanves of the Ameucan people m Congress as-
sembled; and whereas, m the judgment of this Legislature,
the said action of said boaid is grossly unjust to Commodore
Stewart, and against the wishes and sen*e of justice of a
large majority of lus fellow-cuizcns of this State: Therefore,
1. Be it resolved by the Senate and General -Assembly of
the State of New Jersey, That our Senators and Represent-
atives m Congiess be requested to obtain from Congiess
such legislation or action as may be necessaiy and proper
to rever&e the said action of the said board and the approval
thereof by the President of the United States, and to restore
the said Commodore Charles Stewart to his late position of
senior post-captain of the Navy.
2. And be it resolved, That the Governor be requested to
transmit a eopy of this resolution to the President of the
United States, to Commodore Charles Stewart, and to each
of our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
• Mr. PENNINGTON. I move that they be
laid on the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. My colleague, Mr. Craig,e,
is present, and I ask that he may be sworn in.
Mr. Craige came forward, and the Speaker
administered to him the usual oath of office.
VOTE FOR PUBLIC PRINTER.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce the
seventh time for printer of the House, with the
following result: Whole number of votes cast,
164; necessary to a choice, 83; of which—
Cornelius Wendell received 69
Oian Follett 65
Robert Farnham 9
Nathan Sergeant      ... 6
John D. Defrees 6
George D. Prentice  3
A.D. Banks  3
Edwaid Morns    1
Charles Seiitelle  1
John T. Towers  1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Wendell — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Bell, Ilendley
S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Bur-
nett, John P. Campbell. Caruthers, Clingman, Williamson
It. YV. Cobb, Craige, Crawtord, Davidson, Dowdell, JGd-
mundson, Elliott, English, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Fostei, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Ooode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, J. Moirison Hams, Sampson W. Harris,
II ic km an, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kid-
well, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Samuel S. Maisliall, McMulhn, Smith Miller, JVIiIIson,
Mordeeai Oliver, Pame, Quitman, Ready, R'eaud, Rivers,
Rulfin, Rust, Savage, Seward, Shorter, William Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Taylor, Thurston, Tnppe, Valk, Walk-
er, Watkuis, Wmslow, John V. Wright, and Zolheoffer.
For Mr. Follett — Messis. Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Benson, PiUinghuist, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Buffin-
ton, James H. Campbell, Clawson, Colfax, Comms, Co-
vode, Cragin, Cumback, Dean, Dickson, Dodd, Flagler,
Galloway, GuUUngs, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Har-
lan, HolJoway, Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Kelsey,
Knapp, Ivnowlton, Leiter, Matteson, McCaity, Meacham,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Norton, Paiker, Perry,
Pike, Pimglc, Ritchie, Robbms, Roberts, Sabm, Sage, Sapp,
Sherman, Simmons, Stanton, Tappan, Thorington, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Isiael Washburn, Watson, Welch, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Farnham— Messrs. Caihle, Cullen, Danxrell,
Hoifrnan, Millwaid, Puryear, William R. Smith, Swope,
and Tyson.
For Mr. Sergeant—Messrs. Broom, Ezia Clai'k, Killian
Miller, Robison, Todd, and Woodruff.
For Mr. Defrees—Messrs. Brenton, Lewis D. Campbell,
Dunn, Harrison, Humphrey Marshall, and Scott.
For Mr. Ft entice—Messrs. Cox, Etheridge, and Under-
wood.
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. McQueen, Powell, and Daniel
B. Wright.
For Mr. Morris—Mr. Bishop.
For3lr. Sentcllc—Mr. Andrew Oliver.
For Mr. Towers—Mi. Haven,
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. KNOX stated that he had paired off for
an hour with Mr. Harris, of Illinois.
Mr. CUMBACK stated that Mr. Pettit had
paired oft' with Mr. Peck.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce
the eighth time for printer, with the following
result: Whole number of votes cast, 163; neces-
sary to a choice, 82; of which—
Cornelius Wendell received Cm
Oran Follett 63
Itobeit Farnham 10
John D. Defiees 7
Nathan Seigcant     6
A. V. Banks    5
Edward Moms  3
George D. Prentice  3
Oharlcs> Senteile   I
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Wendell—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell,
Ilendley S. Bennett, Bocock, Bowie, Bianch,Biooks, Bur-
nett, John P. Campbell, Caruthers, Clingman, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Cruise, Crawford, Davidson, Dowdell, Ed-
mimdson, Elliott, English, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foster, Thomas J.'D. Fuller, Goode, Gieenwood,
Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Hams, Sampson W. Hams,
Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kid-
well, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Samuel S. Marfan, McMulhn, Snntli Miller, Mordeeai
Oliver, Pame, Quitman, Ready, Rieaud, fiivcis, Ruffin,
Savage, Shorter, William Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Tay-
lor, Thurston, Tnppe, Valk, Walker, Watkms, Winslow,
John V.Wright, and Zolheoffer.
For Mr. Follett—Messrs. Albright. Allison, Barbour, Ben-
son, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Buftinton, Builmgame,
James H. Campbell, Colfax, Comins, Covode,Cragm, Cum-
back, Dean, Dick. Dickson, Dodd, Flagler, Galloway, Gid-
