386
APPENDIX THE CONGRESSIONAL GkOBK.
[April 14,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas legislative Vetition—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
of another pretended memorial. It M produced ,
here as the original of the petition which we re-
jected on Thursday last, ana, as I understand, in
compliance with a demand then made for the
original. Is it anything of the sort? What Sen-
ator so pretends? It is not the tame petition in
any conceivable sense. It does not resemble the
other in beginning or in conclusion. Shall we
then receive this paper? That is the question.
To the other paper, I have said, all the signatures
were subscribed by one hand. This has an ad-
vantage; there are "no signatures to it, and no at-
testation. Whence it conies, sir, we know not,
except from the assertions of Senators, and from
he affidavit which I shall now read:
PlSTHlCT op CoLPMait,
County mi City of IToAiiiglM, *K
Personally appeared betbre the undersigned duly ■■thor-
ized by law to administer oath*. J auiea 11. I«aii«, Senator
elect lrom Kud^is, who, being duly s\\oru, upou his oath,
stat'"": thai tlie twenty-tour lullf sheets of paper hereto an-
)ie.\cd contain th« orifina) drert of ih<* wmonal from U*e
UMi^cn ot the Grnertl Assembly of' Kansas, winch coik-
veuod at Topekaon the 4tfl .March last, to the Congress of
«h.• l'mt<-d State#, (VI reported to the said Assembly hy Jolin
Hutc-lmvon, F.-*] , chairman of the committee appointed to
drat) said memorial; as adopted by both branched of Mid
Assembly; as referred io ttio committee on revision, and
intrusted lij -hUiI committee to Uiis affiant, and from which
the revised "copy was (in pared which was submitted to the
P-nate of the I'oiled States by General Cass, and which
ww the subject of remark oa Thursday la*t-
Date4 Washington city, the 14tk day of April, 1836.
J. II. LANE.
Sworn ami subscribed before me this 14th of April, 1856.
John McLean,
Justice Supreme Court United States.
I doubt whether Judge McLean has authority
to administer such an oath; but let that pass.
Now, Mr. President, what does the affidavit de-
clare ? Is this the memorial of the General As-
sembly, so called, of the State of Kansas? No,
sir; by Colonel Lane's own statement, it is not.
This is the mere draft, adopted by a committee,
and read to the so-called Legislature. That body,
we are told, has agreed to it in substance, but
never has ordered it to be engrossed and signed.
Neither the members nor the officers, in fact, ever
affixed their signatures. They gave it no sort of
authentication.
What did the members of the self-styled Legis-
lature direct ? They referred it to another com-
mittee for revision, intending that it should be put
into shape before its final adoption and signature;
but this committee of revision, instead of per-
forming the duty enjoined—instead of revising
the memorial, and reporting it to the Legislature,
so called, for consideration, has given the paper
to Colonel James H. Lane, and devolved on him,
not a member of the Legislature at all, the duty
and the authority of revision. That is what Col-
onel Lane here affirms, and that, I presume, is
the case. The committee of revision never re-
ported the memorial. The draft of it was handed
to Colonel Lane, and Colonel Lane has revised it.
He assumes to be the spokesman for all these
provisional legislators. They have only to swear
in his words, and follow in his footsteps; what-
ever he chooses to say, I suppose, tliey are to be
considered as having indorsed, upon faith, be-
forehand. Yet, sir, we are told that this is the
memorial of men acting themselves in a delegated
and representative character; speaking for others
who have confided in their special discretion—
of men assembled in the high capacity of a State
Legislature!
Mr. President, if it were not for the great ques-
tion which is behind—if it were not for the agita-
tion which now prevails in all quarters of the
Union—if no ternble controversy, political and
sectional, had arisen—there is not a Senator in this
Chamber who would vote to receive this paper—
not one. It is an imperfect undertaking at best.
If the self-styled General Assembly of Kansas
should ever hold another session—if the members
can succeed in escaping grand juries, and indict-
ments, marshals, and writs, and the issues of
solemn judicial investigation, and then assemble
for the transaction of business—it may be that
this document will be reported regularly from the
committee on revision, and authenticated as well
as adopted in due form. When such an event
shall have happened—if happeji it possibly can—
and the memorial is again presented here for our
consideration, I will decide what becomes me as
I a Senator toward the petitioners and the country
at large.
Now, sir, as we have heard so much lately
about the right of petition, let us see how far this
paper conforms to the rules established in ancient
time, and written down for our instruction. I
read from one of the Secretary's books, " Laws,
Privileges, Proceedings, and Usages of Parlia-
ment, page 303:
"The petition should be written upon parchment or
paper, for a printed ot lithographed petition will uotbe re-
ceived ; and at least one signature should be upon the same
sheet or skin upon which the petition is written. It must
be in the Knglish language, or accompanied with a tmnda-
tioi^ja Uich the member wlto presents it atates to be cor-
rect ; it must b«tree from intcrliueations aud erasure*; it
inust be signed ; it must have origiutil signatures or marks,
and not copies from the original, nor signatures of agents
on behalf of others ; and it must not have letters, nor affi-
davit*, or other documents annexed. Petitions of corpora-
tions aggregate should be under their common seal. To
these rules another maybe added, that, if the chairman of a
public meeting sign? a petition on behalfot'tliose assembled,
it ia only received as the petition of the individual, and is
•o entered on the Journal*, because the signature of one
party for others cannot bo recognized.
" it may be a useful caution to state that any forgery or
fraud in tiie preparation of petitions, or in the signatures
attached, will be punished as a breach of privilege- By a
resolution of the House of Commons, 2d of June, 1774, it |
was declared: <
"1 That it is highly unwarrantable, and n breach of the
■ privilege of this House, for any person to set the name of
I any other person to any petition to be presented to this
' House.'
" And there have been frequent instances in which such
irregularities have been discovered and punished."
That is the English rule. We are not quite
so strict in the United States. Here is what Mr.
Jefferson says:
" Petitions must be subscribed by the petitioner*, unless
they are attending, or unable to sign, and averred by a
member. But a petition not subscribed, but which the
member presenting it affirmed to be all in the handwriting
of the petitioner, and his name written in the beginning,
was on a question (March 14, 1800) received by the Senate.
The averment of a member, or of somebody without doors,
that they know the hand writing of the petitioners, is neces-
sary, if it be questioned."
I do not ask even this strictness. I simply ask
that the paper should express the sentiments of
the persons from whom it purports to emanate,
in tneir own language, or in language which they
have considered and adopted.
I do not agree that these men, whether you call ■
them a Legislature, or by some other title, can
, deputize Colonel Lane to put the recital of their
grievances into form. I do not agree to receive
any paper from him at all, unless it be his own
petition, in his individual character, and upon his
responsibility as a citizen.
But, sir, this is not the only objection. I find
another rule worthy of notice, on page 304 of the
book which I first quoted:
" The language of a petition should be respectful and
temperate, and free from offensive imputations upon the
character and conduct of Parliament, or the courts of jus-
tice, or other tribunal, or constituted authority. It may not
allude to debates in either House of Parliament, nor to in-
tended motions."
Nojv, Mr. President, I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a few paragraphs In this
paper:
The undersigned have witnessed, with astonishment
and deep regret, the coarse insinuation on the character
and conduct of the people of Kansas contained in the
recent special message of the President of the United
States."
Again, sir, on a subsequent paget
" Toleration of such outrages is but an enslavement of
the people of Kansas, and a breach of faith, and a dereliction
of duty on the part of the Federal Executive."
Mr. President, whatever my relations to a citi-
zen so eminent as he must be who is exalted to
the office of Chief Magistrate—if I were ever so
much opposed to him in political sentiment—I
could not vote to rcceive any petition which thus
reflected upon his character and motives. What
right have we to receive such a petition ? This,
sir, is not the House-by which tne President can
be impeached. This is the House which must try
; the President whenever he has been impeached;
; and shall we permit any accuser, except the House
' of Representatives, to drag him before us? Shall i
We dignify or affirm charges of so gross a char-
_ acter, in aavancp of any trial, in advance of any
/ impeachment, by enjoii)j#g on our committees the
duty which attends the reference of a petition?
I Sir, the grossest act of usurpation evpr practiced
II in this Body, as I believe, was when President
Jackson was condemned by resolution without a
trial. I will not agree—knowing that among the
duties devolved on me, in virtue of my official
oath, is that of delivering judgment upon the
Chief Magistrate whenever he shall have been
properly arraigned—I will not agree that Colonel
Lane and his associates shall assume the office
and authority of the grand inquest of the nation,
which now sits at tho other end of the Capitol.
i told the Senator from Iowa, when he first re-
ferred to me, by name, that I had not made any
charge or insinuation against the character of
Colonel Lane. I did not think it necessary to the
maintenance of my position. I make no charges
now. I cannot imagine what we have to do with
that gentleman. I tlo not see the propriety of
thrusting his praises into this discussion. The
Senator from Iowa has related his biography at
great length—his public services, and liis parti-
san services, and then appeals to me, in a sneer-
ing manner, as his companion inarms, hts polit-
ical confederate, and what not, that I was under
some obligation to support Colonel Lane's pre-
tensions or indorse his behavior. I violated my
duty, forsooth, because I did not answer some
general question propounded by my honorable
friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] which
I did not hear, and which I told the Senator from
Iowa distinctly I did not hear! Besides, sir,
I agree with my honorable and distinguished
friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] that I was
under no obligation to answer a rhetorical ques-
tion, general in its character, if 1 had heard it. I
have other duties here, and other tastes, than to
rehearse the biography of individuals, living or
dead, at the mere solicitation of a Senator. I am
not one of Colonel Lane's witnesses. He has
not asked me to be his witness; he has not asked
me to present any of his papers; he has not asked
me to give a recital of his services, his sufferings,
or his sacrifices; and, indeed, the Senator from
Iowa has dispensed with the necessity of all that.
My colleague says that the citizens of Ohio
feel a deep interest in the affairs of Kansas Terri-
tory. I believe that is true; I believe the citizens
of every State in the Union feel such an interest.
He declares, furthermore, that it shall be a part
of his duty to extend a special protection over
those who have emigrated from the State of Ohio
into the Territory of Kansas, and established
their residence in it. Sir, I disclaim such duty,
.for my part. I disclaim all charge over them,
or partisanship for them, except as they are citi-
zens of the United States, and entitled to the pro-
tection of the Constitution and the laws. There
sits jjefore me, sir, a gentleman who once held a
: prominent position in the State which I have the
honor to represent, but who has since become a
citizen of the State of California, [Mr. Wells*,1
and she has showered honors upon him. I should
like to know if my colleague imagines that he
and I are to exercise guardianship over the hon-
orable Senator from California ? Those men who
emigrated from Ohio to. Kansas have gone from
| his care and mine. They abandoned oar State
i and all allegiance to it. They are no longer citi-
; zens of Ohio in any sense. And whenever the
State, by any of her authorities—her Legislature,
, her Governor, or either of her Senators—shall
assume to dictate for the Territory of Kansas,
upon such a pretense as that, it will be an act of
unwarrantable and inexcusable usurpation.
I understand, perhaps, to what my colleague
alludes. I know the fact—he knows it—others
know it—that the gentleman who now holds the
' chief executive office in Ohio has addressed a
message to the General Assembly of the State
upon the subject of Kansas affairs—advising that
the State should intervene, in its sovereign capa-
city, for the settlement of certain controversies
between the Territorial Legislature upon the one
side, and the insurgents at Lawrence upon the
other. It was a proposition to engage the State
I in rebellion and civil war. Thereupon, sir, one
j member of the Legislature—a representative of
i the county, perhaps, in which my colleague re-
sides—introduced a resolution that five regiments
of soldiers should be enlisted and sent to Kansas,
j for the purpose of waging a war upon the terri-
| torial authorities.
I am happy to inform the Senate, however,
I that the proposition was not adopted. Yet the
