1122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
Whole on the state of the Union, and the previ-
ous question is called upon it.
Mr. JONES. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
consideration of House bill (No. 152) announced
by the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the bill
will be disposed of.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
subsequently read the third time, and passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL movedto reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER stated that the next business
in order was the consideration of a bill (H. R.
No. 92) for the better security of the lives of
passengers on board of vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam, and for other purposes.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE LEGISLATURES.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions of the Legislature of the
State of Ohio relative to Kansas affairs; which
were laid on th6 table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DEAN, by unanimous consent, presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Connecticut, relative to Kansas and Nebraska
affairs; which were laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BENSON also, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented joint resolutions Qf the Legislature of the
State of Maine, in opposition to the extension of
the Woodworth patent; which were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
/Mr. "WATKINS here obtained the floor.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee to yield me the floor for a moment,
for the purpose of a personal explanation ?
Mr. WATKINS. I have sought the floor for
that purpose myself; I would like to accommo-
date mv friend from Virginia, but 
Mr. FLAGLER. I wish to inquire whether,
if the floor is given to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee for a personal explanation, it comes out
of the morning hour? If it is to be counted as a
part of th® morning hour I shall object.
The SPEAKER. Unless it be excluded from
the morning hour by unanimous consent, the
morning hour will run from the time it com-
menced.
Mr. FLAGLER. I shall object then.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I call for the regular
order of business.
SECURITY ON STEAM VESSELS.
The SPEAKER. It is the consideration of a
bill (H. R. No. 92) for the better security of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As a gen-
tleman from New York who is particularly in-
terested in this bill is in the Supreme Court at
this time, I move that its further consideration be
postponed until Thursday next.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order from the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, obtained the
floor.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Before the gentleman
from New York commences making his report,
I wish to say that my friend, Mr. Harris, of
Illinois, who is now absent, made an effort to
introduce a couple of bills for the purpose of ref-
erence, and, not being able to do so, left them in
my charge; and I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to present them now in his behalf.
Mr. HARLAN. I have no disposition to in-
terfere with the gentleman's request, but I shall
do so unless I am allowed to introduce a resolu-
tion also, simply for the purpose of reference.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I never made any ob-
jection to thegentleman'smotion,and I only ask
this favor for Mr. Harris . .
Mr. HAIILAN. I object.
Mr. McMULLIN. I most respectfully ask
the permission of the House to make a personal
explanation, which will not occupy five minutes.
It is due to myself, and due to another gentleman
of the House who has made an imputation upon
me.
Mr. FLAGLER. If it be understood that the
time which the gentleman may occupy does not
come out of the morning hour, I shall withdraw
my objection; but not otherwise.
The SPEAKER. Unless the time be excepted
from the morning hour by unanimous consent, it
must run within that time.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
Mr. McMULLIN. At what time can I have
the privilege which I ask ?
A Member. After the morning hour shall'
have expired.
PUBLIC LANDS TO IOWA.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I wish,Mr.
Speaker, to report a bill from the Committee on
Public Lands. I desire, at the same time, to ask
a favor from the House, and that is, to have a
vote taken upon it in order to determine at once
whether it and other similar bills should pass.
It is a railroad bill, and there are some four or
five others before the committee depending upon
the same principle. I therefore want to have the
sense of the House taken upon it, as it will de-
termine all the bills of a similar character now
before the committee. At least, we think that it
will. I do not want to debate the bill. I do not
wish to make a speech in favor of it, or against
it. I will simply state to the House the charac-
ter of the bill. The bill (H. R. No. 50) making
a grant of land to the State of Iowa ill alternate
sections to aid in the construction of certain roads
in said State, was reported to the House.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. That my constitu-
ents may understand the position which I occupy
here, and the reason why I have not been able to
report the first railroad bill ordered by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, I want the Speaker to
state that he has recognized the gentleman from
New York twice while I have been endeavoring
to obtain the floor. He left the floor and gave it
to another member of the committee, and now ho
takes it again, while I have been seeking it m
vain. Let this statement go forth to my people,
and perhaps they will justify the course which I
have to pursue.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is chairman of the Committee oil Public,
Lands, and rose to address the Chair for the pur-
pose of making a report from that committee.
Mr. COBB. The chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands had the floor, sir, and left it, and
now obtains it again. [Cries of " Order!"]
Mr. BENNETT. I think the gentleman over
the way [Mr. Cobb] was a little mistaken about
my yielding the floor. I yielded it simply to
allow the gentleman on the other side of the House
to get up the bounty land bill, m order that it
might go to the Senate. I did not yield the floor
except for the mere purpose of introducing that
bill. I have but two reports that I wish to make;
and, if the House will indulge me, I can explain
in ten minutes what this bill is. The bill itself
is printed, and will soon be where every one can
see it; and I will ask gentlemen to vote so that,
by the decision in this case, the others may be
also disposed of, and that the committee may go
on with its business.
This is a bill granting lands to the State of Iowa
for railroad purposes, on the alternate section
system; that is, doubling the price of the re-
served sections, and giving to the railroad com- '
pany every other section for a limited width, not
to exceed fifteen miles. It confines them, too, to
take the lands on the line of the railroad. When
each twenty miles is built, they must take the
alternate sections within that twenty miles. The
bill also contains a provision that the road shall
be for the benefit of the Government; that mili-
tary stores, &c., shall be transported upon it free
of charge; and it contains another provision, that
the United States mail shall be, at all times, trans- j
ported on the road at such prices as Congress
shall determine and the Postmaster General shall
direct. In one word—to be brief about it—this
bill contains every provision guarding the rights
of the United States that has ever been inserted
in any of these bills. It is as strict in its provigj^'
I ions as any of these bills ever has been. It prW
;l poses to make grants to the State of Iowa to aid I
in the construction of some four roads; and I have
got the estimates of the Land Office in relation to
them. Each one of these four roads is in prog-
ress of construction, and the amount of land re-
quired for all of them, under this bill, will be
somewhere about a million and a half of acres.
But it should also be stated that there has.been
a great emigration to that State this season, and
consequently an extensive sale and entry of pub-
lic lands, full returns of which have not yet been
received; so that the quantity of land left cannot
be calculated on. These roads are laid out, partly
built and being built, and the consequence is,
that emigrants locate near the lines; so that it is
probable, if this grant be made to the State, that
the amount of the alternate sections will be loss
than a million and a half of acres, and may be
less than a million. The fair presumption is,
that if the grant be made, the quantity of land
taken by it will be somewhere between a million
and a million and a half of acres.
Now the States of Missouri, Arkansas, and
Illinois, have each had grants averaging about
three millions of acres apiece, while these grants
to the State of Iowa will not exceed a million and
a half. I am not going into any argument as to
the propriety or impropriety of making such
grants to railroads. The principle has been
adopted in several instances; and in this case the
grant will be of material benefit in helping the
State of Iowa to construct the roads. They have
undertaken to build four roads, and a grant of
land would be beyond all question beneficial,
and the roads would be built. The principle is,
that the public lands along the line of the roads,
are greatly enhanced in value. That is true.
Every farm that lies contiguous to the road,
if built, is worth double or treble what it would
be if the road were not there; and the argument
is, that where the public lands are so increased
in value by a railroad, a portion of them should
be used to build the road. The Government can
well afford to grant land for the purpose. The
reserved sections readily sell for the double price;
and by the law they are to be offered for sale at
auction before they are sold at the reserved double
price, so that, if they sell for five or ten dollars an
acre, the Government is benefited to that extent.
The lands may sell at four times the. Government
price, and are not to be sold for less than double.
The provisions of this bill are taken from the old -
forms, and every guard is thrown around it.
The bill has been drawn in a way ill which
the grant will certainly be protected as fully as
any grant that has been made. If the House is
willing, in order that the Committee on Public
Lands may have an opportunity of disposing of
the business on their hands, I should regard it as
a favor if the House would dispose of the bill
without delay. If there be any objection, how-
ever, I will not at this time call the previous
question.
Mr. STEPHENS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from New York that this bill is reported
from the Committee on Public Lands, and before
the House?
Mr. BENNETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEPHENS. Ihavean amendment which
I wish to propose to the bill.
Mr. BENNETT. I will hear the gentleman's
amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. — . Jlnd be it further enacted, That all the rights,
piivileges, and liabilities hereinbefore conferred on the
State of Iowa shall be, and hereby are, granted to the States
of Louisiana, Arkansas, and Missouri, and to the Temtoiy
of Kansas respectively, for the purpose of aiding in the con-
struction of a railroad from Vicltshurg to Shicvesport, in
Louisiana ; thenee to Fulton, in Arkansas, and Springfield,
m Missouu; and thence to Lecompton, m Kansas; and that
public lands of the T'mted States, to the same extent in
proportion to the length of the road, on the same u-rms,
limitations, and restrictions, in eveiy respect, shall hp, and
are hereby, granted to said States, and to said Territory, of
Louisiana, Arkansas, Missouri, and Kansas, respectively.
Mr. BENNETT. I would like to say one
word in reference to that amendment.
Mr. STEPHENS. Let the amendment first
be stated by the Speaker. I am entitled to the
floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia is entitled to the floor, unless the gentleman
from New York still holds it.
Mr. BENNETT. I have not yielded the floor
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from New York to have yielded the
