1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381.
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Kansas Legislative Petition—Mr. Hale, Mr. Pugh, etc.
Senate.
Legislature ha* passed resolutions which, in my
judement, are almost as objectionable—resolu-
tions which indicate, as do some of their statutes,
the design of urging our citizens to a choice,
finally, between their allegiance to the Union and
Uteir allegiance to the State government. The
resolutions will be presented here, I suppose, in
a tew days. Sir, it is this intervention from
abroad in the affairs of Kansas Territory—inter-
vention by States, by municipal and private cor-
porations, by organized bands, factions, and par-
ties, by the arts of ambitious men stimulating the
(mssions of our people, North and South, with
falsehoods, clamors, and every species of plausi-
ble appeal—which prevents the fair adjustment
of all controversies in the Territory and else-
where, and which, worse than even that, has
induced throughout the Republican anxiety, and
horrible fear and distrust for the perpetuity of
the Union. I give my colleague notice, once for
all, that 1 engage in no such enterprises; that I
shall resist them, here and elsewhere, with what-
ever zeal and ability God has bestowed on me.
In their true character, as citizens of the United
States, inhabiting the Territory-r-citizens who
have gone thither, in good faith, to dnjoy the pro-
tection of the Constitution under the guarantees
of the .organic law—all who have emigrated from
Ohio, and all who have emigrated from other
Suites, are entitled to whatever attention and
respect for their wishes—whatever redress for
their grievances—it may be in my power to grant.
But, Bir, I will not take upon myself, directly or
indirectly, the regulation of domestic affairs or
local institutions for the Territory further than to
restore peace and silence rebellion, to maintain
the supremacy of the laws, to protect every indi-
vidual—high and low, rich and poor—from all
outrages and all oppression.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it seems to me
that a little mist is thrown over the question pre-
sented to the Senate; and I desire briefly to recall
the attention of the body to what is the question,
and what is the state of it. A paper was pre-
sented here some time last week, which was
denounced on this floor as a forgery, and the gen-
tlemen who undertook to sustain it were also
denounced, interrogatively, to say the least. To
show that I am not mistaken, 1 wish to read from
the report of the debate. The Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mason] said:
"A paper has been presented bere, palmed a poo the
flamr from Michigan, purporting to be a memorial from
certain person* in Kansas who claim to be the Senators and
Representatives of the State of Kansas. It is questioned;
Its authenticity is doubted ; it is denounced as a forgery
and a fraud. We learn now that k readied, the honorable
Senator from Michigan at the band of one who is sent here
as a Senator front. Kansas. We learn, from the Senator
from New York, that that paper, thus denounced on this
floor as a forserv, and fraudulently done, came to the hands
of the Senator from Michigan by one of those men who is
sent here asa Senator for the pseudo State of Kansas; and
yet there is no man whom 1 have heard who undertakes to
vindicate him. There is no gentleman who stands on this
floor and says that the man who brought the paper here is
what he claims to be, an honorable man, and that he
brought a (air and honest paper."
I will net read further; but the honorable Sena-
tor from Virginia went on and used an expres-
sion which I suppose, from its being printed in
italics—noscitiar tociit—was intended to be repre-
sented aa & quotation; but I tell the honorable
Senator from Virginia that, if he meant so, he has
committed a fraud on us by having it printed in
italics, or a fraud has been committed by the edi-
tor, or whoever did it. [Laughter.] But, sir, the
fact is, that the paper was denounced as a for-
gery and a fraud; the character of an honorable
man was denied to the gentleman who presented
it, and a Senator tauntingly proclaimed—noscUur
sociis—a man is known by the company he keeps.
An imputation of fraud and forgery was thus
undertaken to be thrown on those who offer to
sustain the paper.
In this position the matter stood when the Sen-
ate adjourned on Thursday last, when the tociit
went off with that imputation upon them. A man
was denounced as the bearer of a false and fraud-
ulent paper—so false and so fraudulent that no-
body dared to stand up for him. He was thus
denounced on this floor, where every man ought
to find fair {day theoretically. That man, thus
coming here as a petitioner, was himself de-
nounced as destitute of an honorable character,
j and his paper was proclaimed before the eountry
to be a fraud and a forgery. Then what does he
do ? Why, sir, he takes the most modest way on
earth to vindicate himself. He goes somewhere
—not to Kansas, but to the retirement of his own
lodgings', he there sits down, and writes a plain,
distinct statement of what he alleges the facts to
be; he tells you the whole story. I am not say-
ing whether it is true or false, because that is not
Eertinent to the question; but when a man who
aa been denounced here as destitute of an hon-
orable character, and as the bearer of a fraudu-
lent paper, comes into the Senate and asks that
he may explain the facts, so that it may appear
that neither he nor his soeiis are quite so destitute
of an honorable character as would seem to be
intimated, what do the Senate say to liim ? An
, objection is made to the reception of his petition,
j We are not upon the question of the reception of
the memorial of the Legislature of Kansas at all.
I Mr. DOUGLAS. The honorable Senator will
allow me to correct him. Colonel Lane's petition
[ expressly makes that memorial a part of his.
I Mr. HALE. I will read the prayer of his
| memorial. I am not mistaken at all. All the
| memorial except the last ten lines, is occupied
with the narration of what took place; and the
prayer, with which it concludes, is in these
words:
" With this explanation and exhibit, which your memo-
rialist trusts will be satisfactory, he, on behalf of the pro-
visional legislative bodies of Kansas, prays you to receive
again the memorial with which he is charged by them;
being the one which was submitted by General Cass, and
grant the prayer therein expressed to admit Kansas into the
Union with her present constitution on an equal footiug
with the other States."
This, then, is the petition of Mr. Lane, giving
an explanation of circumstances under which this
imputation was cast upon him here last Thurs-
day. It is very competent for the Senate to re-
ceive it, to refer it to its committee, and they may
report, if they so find the facts, that the explana-
j tion is not satisfactory, and that the memorial of
; the legislative body ought not to be received; or
, they may report that the explanation of Colonel
Lane is satisfactory, that he has vindicated him-
self, and that the memorial ought to be received.
But the question now before the Senate is, Shall
the memorial of Colonel Lane, offering this vindi-
cation, be received ? That is it.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senator ought to see
on reading the paper that he is in error. If Colonel
Lane presents a paper stating that he has been
aggrieved in the Senate, and wishes to make an
explanation, and it is in respectful language, I
will vote to receive it; but it is quite a different
thing when he asks to make a petition—
Mr. HALE. I am satisfied to rcceive these
objections, because they satisfy me of the force
of my position. Does anybody else wish to ob-
ject? If so, I will hear it; because it satisfies
me that I am clearly and indisputably right; and,
if it would not be tedious, I should like to
the memorial.
i issue
read
I will read it. As there is an
on this point, I will read it slowly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 11 has been read; the Senator
from Iowa read it.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I will notread it again;
I have read its prayer. The memorialist brings
these papers here to authenticate, to confirm, and
prove what he says. And what is his prayer ?
His prayer is that you will receive these petitions;
and that you may receive them he has given you
an explanation which, he says, he trusts will be
satisfactory, and you will not hear him. This
point cannot be voided. He is met here with an
objection to the reception of his petition; it is
objected to, because it is alleged that there are
some inconsistencies in the papers which he pre-
sents connected with it.
That being the question it is a very simple one,
just such a one as i think there can be no mistake
about. It involves not any question relating to |
Kansas or to the legislative body there, but it re-
lates to the individual right of a citizen of the
Republic, whose character has been assailed;
whose character has been denounced as so base
that no honorable man will stand up and defend
him; who has been charged to be the bearer here
of forged and fraudulent papers. After he sat
here in silence, compelled to be silent, not per-
mitted to say a word, and after the proclamation
has been made that nobody here will say anything
for him because he is so base, he goes to his cham-
ber, commits to writing his simple narrative,
which he says he trusts will be satisfactory to
you, and comes and prays you, upon that state-
ment, to receive the memorial; and then you ac-
cord justice to him by voting not to receive the
petition, and now you vote not to receive his ex-
planation !
That, sir, is the precise question before the Sen-
ate; and to sliow you that it is so, let me ask you
what is the prayer of his petition ? It is to
receive these papers. Receiving his prayer to re-
ceive the papers, is not receiving the papers them-
selves. You may receive his petition, and report
that its prayer is unreasonable, that the explanation
is unsatisfactory; and that, therefore, you will not
receive the memorial which he bears; but does
that authorize you to reftise to receive his petition,
and his statement explanatory of the circum-
stances under which he was denounced here as
everything that was base, dishonorable, and dis-
honest—so base that no honorable man would
stand up for him ?
Now, sir, I do not know Colonel Lane; I do
not know him even by sight; I do not know &
single one of those Kansas gentlemen who are
here. I believe they have thought it was prudent
not to connect so popular a cause as theirs with
so unpopular a name as mine, [laughter;] and
they nave kept away, and have trusted their
cause, so far as I am concerned, to the simple
merits of the case which they present.
It was not because I wished to argue this ques-
tion that I have spoken to-day; for that is not my
wish now. I shall reserve my strength for the
time of which the Senator from Ohio speaks, by-
and-by, when the question shall properly come
up. I do not, however, wish to see this individ-
ual thus slandered—not slandered, because we
never talk slander here; but I will not, ss far as
my humble voice is concerned, permit any man
who comes here as a petitioner to be denounced
as this gentleman has been; and then, when he
presents an explanation, to be told by a formal
vote that we shall not receive it.
I shall vote to receive his petition; and further,
when the question comes up, I shall vote to re-
ceive the other memorial, for I think the expla-
nation is satisfactory; but it will be time enough
to speak of that when jt comes up; the question
now is on the reception of the memorial of Mr.
Lane.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on re-
ceiving the petition presented by the Senator from
Iowa.
Mr. PUGH. I appeal to the candor of the
Senator from New Hampshire, when he had that
document in his hand, and I wish the Senate to
take notice, what is its real meaning. The prayer
of that document was as I stated, that the Senate
would receive the former memorial. That is the
prayer of the petition. The Senator from New
Hampshire says that if we refuse that prayer, we
refuse this gentleman an opportunity of explana-
tion. I say again, that if Colonel Lane presents
a petition here, stating that he considers himself
injured or aggrieved by the language of the Sen-
ator from Virginia—which is a matter with which
I have no concern—I will vote to receive the
paper; but, if he only uses his own memorial as
the machinery by which he brings these papers
again before the Senate, I shall not vote to re-
ceive it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As I trust this is the last
time that the question of the genuineness of these
papers will be presented, I have another point to
which I wish to call the attention of Senators.
The agents of this mock Legislature presented to
the honorable Senator from Michigan, and got
him to present to the Senate*, the ponstitution of
this pretended State of Kansas. I have kept my
eye on the history of that document, and the
proceedings connected with it; and it is well
known to the country that there was a clause
adopted by a separate vote of the people, and
made a part of that constitution, making it a duty
of the Legislature never to permit negroes (free
or slave) to enter the State of Kansas—a provisjoij
similar to the one in the constitutions of Illinois
