1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dings, Granger, Grow, Robert R. Hall, Harlan, Holloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Kelsey, Knapp, Knowlton,
Leiter, Matteson, McCarty, Meaeham, Morgan, Morrill,
Mott? Murray, Norton, Parker, Perry, Pike, Pringle, Ritchie,
Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Stanton, Tappan,
Thorington, Wade, Wakeman, V^albridgc, Waldron, El-
lihu B. Washburne, Israel WashfiurnjWatsonjWelch, and
Woodworth.
For Mr. Farnham—Messrs. C^irljle, Bayard Clark, Cul-
len, Damrell, Henry Winter Da*£§, Hoffman, Millward,
Puryear, William R. Smith, and Swope.
For Jar. Dcfrecs—Messrs. Brenton, Lewis D. Campbell,
Dunn, Harrison, Haven, Humphrey Marshall, and Scott.
For Mr. Sergeant—Messrs. Broom, Ezra Clark, Kilhan
Miller, Robison, Todd, and Tyson.
For Mr. Banks—Messrs. McQueen, Mfllson, PoWell,
Seward, and Daniel B. Wright.
For Mr. Morris—Messrs. Bishop, Clawson, and Robbins.
For Mr. Prentice—Messrs. Underwood, Cox, and Ether-
idge.
For Mr. Sentelle—Mr. Andrew Oliver.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce a
ninth time for printer, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 162; necessary to a
choice, 82; of which—
Cornelius Wendell received  62
Oran Follett 54
John D. Defrees  12
Robert Farnham     11
Nathan Sergeant    6
A. D. Banks  5
George Knapp    3
Edward Monis  3
George D. Prentice    3
John B. Norman  2
Chailes Sentelle  1
So there was no choice.
The foliowing is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Wendell—Messis. Aiken, Allen, Bell, Hendley
S. Bennett, Bocoek, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Buinett, John
P. Campbell, Carutheis, Clmgman, Williamson 11. W.
Cobb, Craigo, Crawford. Davidson, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Elliott, Eustis. Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas
J. D. duller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Mom-
son Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hickman, Houston, Jewett,
George W. Jones,Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, McMullm, Moide-
cai Olivei, Paine, Quitman, Ready, Ricauri, Rivers, Rutlin,
Rust, Savage, Shortei, William Smith, Stevens, Stewart,
Taylor, Thurston, Tnppe, Valk, Walker, Watkins, John V.
Wnght. and Zolhcoirer.
For Mr. Follett—Messrs. Albiight, Allison, Ben«on, Bil~
linghurst, Bmgham, Bufiinton, Buihngame, James H.
Campbell, Coihins, Covode, Cragm, Dean, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Flagler, Galloway, Guiding.^, Granser, Robeit B.
Hall, Hailan, Thomas R. Ilorton, Howaid, Kelsey, Knapp,
Knowlton, Leiter, Matteson, McCaity, Morgan, Momll,
Mott, Murray, Norton, Parker, Peny, Pike, Pringle, Ritchie,
Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Stanton, Tappan, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Ellihu B. Washburne, Is-
rael Washburn, Watson, Welch, and Woodworth.
For Mr. JDefrees—Mo^rs. Barbour, Brenton, Lewis D.
Campbell, Colfax, Cumback, Dunn, Haruson, Haven, Hol-
loway, Ilumplney Marshall, Scott, and Thonngton.
For Mr. Farnham—Messis. Cailile, Bayaul Claik, Cul-
len, Damrell, Ilenry Winter Davis, Holfman, Millvvard,
Puryear, Reade, William R. Smith, and Swope.
For Mr. Sergeant—Messrs. Biadshaw,Broom, Ezra Clark,
Kilhan Miller, Robison, and Todd.
For Mr. Bartks—Messrs. McQueen, Millson, Powell,
Winslow, and Daniel B. Wnght.
For Mr. Knapp—Me^rs. lOimett, Lindlcy, and Porter.
For Mr. Morris—Messrs. Clawson, Pennington, and Rob-
bins.
For Mr. Prentice—Messrs. Cox, Etheridge, and Under-
wood.
For Mr. Norman—Messrs. English and Smith Miller.
For Mr. Sentelle—Mr. Andrew Oliver.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I desire to place in nom-
ination, for the office of public printo*of the House,
George Knapp. I will merely say that he is of
the Missouri Republican. I suppose no debate
is in order, or I should have something- to say in
respect to the nomination.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
POSTPONEMENT OF ELECTION OF PRINTER.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I have a res-
olution directly in connection with the business
before the House, which I presume is in order.
I ask that it be read; after which, I move the
previous question, and ask for the yeas and nays
upon its adoption. It is to postpone the election
of printer until the first Monday in Dccembcr
next.
Mr. MACE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MACE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I renew it.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and decided in the
affirmathe—yeas 78, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Benson, BiHinghurst,
Bingham, Bradshaw, IJuffinton, Burhngame, James II.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Bayard Clark, Colfax,
Cragin, Craige, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Davidson,
Henry Winter Davis, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Ether-
idge, Eustis, Flagler, Foster, Giddings, Granger, Grow,
Harlan, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Kelsey,
Kennett, King, Knapp,Knowlton,Leiter, Mace, Alexander
K. Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, McMullm, Meaeham,
Killian Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Parker,
Perry, Pike, Pringle, Ricaud, Ritchie, Roberts, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, William R. Smith, Stanton, Swope,
Tappan, Tliorington, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Walhridge,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Watson, Wood-
ruff*, Woodworth, and Zollicoffer—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Baibour,Barksdale,Bell,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bishop, Bliss, Boeock, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Brenton, Brooks, Broom, Burnett, John P. Camp-
bell, Carlile,Chngman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craw-
ford, Dean, Dowdell, Edmundson, Edwards, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Ilall, Sampson W. Harris, Harrison,
Haven, Ihckmaii, Hoffman, Houston, Gcoige W. Jones,
Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall,
McQueen, Millson, Millvvard, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Mordecai Oliver, Paine, Pennington, Porter, Powell, Pus-
year, Read}', Robbins, lluffin, Savage, Shorter, William
Smith, Stewait, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Tnppc, Waldron,
Walker,Watkms, Winslow, and John V. Wright—73.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at twenty-five minutes before three o'clock) the
House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 13, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in obedience to law, an abstract
of offers and a list of contracts for articles furnished
for the Bureau of Docks and Yards, for the year
ending June 30,1856, and for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30,1855, not embraced in his last report;
which, on motion by Mr. Adams, was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. ADAMS presented the petition of William
L. Griggs, a messenger connected with the marine
corps, praying to be allowed the same extra com-
pensation as has been allowed to other messengers
of a similar grade in the employ of the Govern-
ment; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Charles
S. Merchant, major of the third regiment of the
CJnited States artillery, praying for pecuniary
relief for losses sustained in December, 1853, by
the destruction of provisions and stores on the
steamship San Francisco; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FOSTER. I offer the petition of William
W. Belden, of the State of Connecticut. He sets
forth that he is the son and heir-at-law of Eben-
ezer Belden, late of Batavia, in the State of New
York; that his father was appointed assistant sut-
ler in the garrison at Fort Niagara during the last
war with Great Britain, in the year 1813; that
while serving in that capacity he made purchases
of military stores and other property for the use
of the garrison, expending a large amount—
$9,000—out of his own private funds; that in the
winter of that year, December, 1813, Fort Ni-
agara was taken by the British, and this property
destroyed. His father subsequently presented a
petition to Congress, praying for indemnity for
this loss, but prior to any final action he died.
He, his son, now presents a petition, asking for
relief. I move that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of inspectors
of therevenuc at the portof New York,in contin-
uation of their application made in the year 1853,
for an increase of pay; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
James D. Johnston, a lieutenant in the Navy,
praying that authority may be given to the offi-
cers of the Treasury to settle his accounts as
naval storekeeeper at Valparaiso, Chili, accord-
ing to equity and justice; which was refeired to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
John Vreeland, praying to be allowed a pension
on account of the services of his father during
the Revolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, in favor of the-un-
conditional repeal of the fugitive slave act of 1850,
as unconstitutional; which were read, ordered to
He on the table, and be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts in favor of the adoption of measures by
the Executive for securing to the people of Kan-
sas their just constitutional rights; which were
read, ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts in favor of the passage of an act granting
indemnity for French spoliations prior to the year
1800; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts in favor of abolishing the duties on for-
eign coal; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. HALE. I have received, and been re-
quested to present to the Senate, a petition from
quite a number of merchants and ship-ownepe,
doing business at the harbor of Erie, in the State
of Pennsylvania, in which they represent that the
United States steamer Michigan, while under the
command of Commander Nicholas, who has lately
been disgraced by the action of the naval board,
has rendered more service to the commerce of the
lakes than she ever did under any previous com-
mander, and pray Congress to take such measures
as may restore him. I may mention, in present-
ing this petition, that the immediate predecessor
of Commander Nicholas, who was in contrast with
Commander Nicholas, was one of the naval board
by whose action he was displaced. I move that
the petition be referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I presented, tho other day, the
petition of George A. Stevens, late a master in
the Navy, who was dropped in consequence of
the action of the late board, which was laid on
the tabic. I now ask that it may be taken up,
and referred to the same committee.
The petition was so referred.
Mr. BIGLER. I present the memorial of
Alexander Murray, a lieutenant in the Navy,
remonstrating against the action of the late naval
board, in striking his name from the active servico
list, and praying to be reinstated in his former
position. The memorialist sets forth that he
entered the Navy as a midshipman in 1835; that
he was promoted to a lieutenancy in 1847; that
he has been in active service for ten years; that
he has performed many important and difficult
duties to the entire satisfaction of his superiors;
that he knows no reason for the disgrace cast
upon him by the action of theboard; and he begs,
as a matter of justice, that he may have the oppor-
tunity of answering his accusers.
The memorial is accompanied by official com-
munications testifying to the skill, integrity, and
ability of this officer in discharging the duties
specifically set forth. I move that the memorial
and accompanying papers be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FISH. I have been requested to present
the petition of John D. Sloat, a post captain in
the ^avy of the United States, setting forth some
fifty-six years of valuable and efficient service
in the Navy, and complaining that now he is
retired, and asking relief from the action of the
naval board. I move that the petition be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of John
S. Taylor, a lieutenant in the Navy, who has
been placed on the reserved list, praying to be
restored to his former position in the service;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
PAPERS "WITHDRAWN AND KErERRED.
On motion by Mr. TOtJCEY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the children and heirs-at-
law of David Tomhnson,an officer m the aimy of the Rev-
olution, praying to be allowed the commutation pay to
which he was entitled, be withdrawn ftom the files ol tho
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Revolutionaiy
Claims.
On motion by Mr. TOUCEY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Reuben Lord and others,
owners ol the fishmg-schooner Brothers, praying to be
