1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1123
floor, and assigned it to the gentleman from
Georgia.
Mr. BENNETT. I did not yield my right to
the floor. I yielded to the gentleman from Geor-
gia to hear his amendment.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will recog-
nize tj>e gentleman from New York as still hold-
ing the floor.
Mr. BENNETT. I am willing that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia should be
adopted, ifit is deemed advisable; but before it is
offered I desire to say one word in reference to
its character. The Committee on Public Lands
have adopted the principle of confining every
grant of land for railroad purposes within the
limits of a single State. They have agreed to
report as many bills for the benefit of southern
States as northern. They have agreed to report
bills to aid in the construction of the road em-
braced in the amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia, and, if it is desired, they shall be the
next bills to be reported. The committee have
agreed to report bills for northern and southern
States alternately.
If this amendment is appended to the bill,
ranking a grant for sixteen hundred miles more
of road, it will be charged that we are passing a
great omnibus bill. I have no objection to the
grant the gentleman from Georgia proposes to
make, but I for one am unwilling to load down
this bill with it. I think the success of these bills
would be endangered by not acting upon them
separately. As I have said, I am willing that this
grant shall be reported in separate bills, and that
they shall have the same disposition as we now
propose for the bill before the House; but to in-
cumber the bill by attaching on it amendments of
this character would be to kill it with kindness.
It would be loaded down to an extent that would
endanger its passage. I am not prepared to say
that I should not vote against the bill if it should
be so amended. It would be a violation of the
principle upon which all these bills have been
prepared, and I am certainly not willing that the
bill should be so amended. I ask the House to
come at once to a vote upon this bill, and for that
puroose I now move the previous question.
Mr. STEPHENS. I understood the gentle-
man from New York to take his seat without
calling the previous question, and did not under-
stand that he was again entitled to the floor. I
hope he will withdraw the demand.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from New York to yield the floor, not
from his taking his seat, but from the fact that
other gentlemen addressed the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Georgia obtained the floor, and was recog-
nized by the Chair; and I desire to know how
the gentleman from New York again obtained
the floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York states that he did not yield the floor.
Mr. JONES. The Chair assigned the floor to
the gentleman from Georgia, and the gentleman
from New York acquiesced in it. [Cries of " Or-
der!"]
Mr. BENNETT. No, sir. I did not acquiesce.
Mr. JONES. I want to know whether it is in
orrler for gentlemen to sit in their seats and call
" Order?"
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then we will stand up and
■ call " Order!" But I desire that it may be dis-
tinctly understood that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee did not rise to a question of order. He rose
to propound certain questions to the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Tennessee to rise to a question
of order.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Georgia
addressed the Chair with others of us. The gen-
tleman from Georgia was recognized by the
Chair. The gentleman from New York acqui-
esced, as I understood him, in the assignment of
the floor. The gentleman from Georgia offered
his amendment; and the gentleman from New
York then claims that he did not yield trie floor.
"Why, sir, the gentleman from Georgia did not
obtain the floor by the indulgence of the gentle-
man from Now York—he obtained thn floor reg-
ularly; and it* was not until after his amendment
had been read, that the gentleman from Now York
claimed the floor again.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentle-
man from New York did not yield the floor. He
stated, as he was understood by myself and by
gentlemen around me, that he would hear the
amendment read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, upon
the point of order raised by the gentleman from
Tennessee, that while the gentleman from New
York was speaking, several members addressed
the Chair, and, amongst others, the gentleman
from Georgia, from which fact the Chair sup-
posed he had yielded the floor, and assigned it
to the gentleman from Georgia. It appears, how-
ever, that the gentleman from New York did not
yield the floor.
Mr. JONES. "Why, sir, the gentleman from
New York acquiesced in the assignment of the
floor to the gentleman from Georgia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so un-
derstand.
Mr. EENNETT. I did not yield the floor. I
merely stated that I would hear what the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia was.
Mr. JONES. Does the gentleman now call the
previous question?
Mr. EENNETT. Yes, sir.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. JONES. I can appeal if the gentleman
wants the question decided.
Mr. STEPHENS demanded tellers upon sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messrs. Letcher
and Flagler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
.—ayes 69, noes 52.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BRANCH. I demand the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question to be now put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be laid on the table; and on that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Jones's mo-
tion; and itwas decided in the negative—yeas 45,
nays 96; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Barksdale, Branch, Burnett, Carhle,
Caskie, Howell Cobb, Cu!len, Cumback, Elliott, English,
Fowter, Thomas J. 1J. Fuller, Harlan, Hoffman, Jewett,
George W. Junes, J. Glaney Jones, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshall, Himiphrpy Marshall, MeMullm,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Million, Paine, Phelps, I'owcll,
Puryear, Ready, Itieaud, Kuffin, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Sliced, Stanton, Stewart, Swopc, Taylor, Tnppe,
Warner, Wheeler, Whitney, Daniel 13. Wright, and Zolli-
eolfer—45.
NAYS — Messis. Albright, Allen, Hall, Baibour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Benson, i'.iHm'/inn-l, Billgliain, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradsliaw, liienton, liuliinton, Burlmpmic, Lewi.s
I). Campbell, Ezia Clark, Chnjnuaii, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Collax, Covode, Ciagm, DavnUou, lleiuv Winter
Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, Denver, Dowdeil, Edie,
Evans, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Giiiilings, Gilbert, Gran-
ger. Gieenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris,
Herbert, Itollowflv,Thomas II. fluiron, Ilnghston, Kennett,
King, Knapp, Re owl ton, Knox, JLeiter, Lindiey, Mace,
Samuel S. Marshall, JVIatteson, Maxwell, Mccarty, Killian
Miller, Morgan, Moirill, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Peek, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Pur-
vianee, Ritchie, Robison, Sabm, Sandidge, Sapp, Seott,
Sewaid, Shorter, Simmons, William 11. Smith, Spinner,
Stephens. Stranahan,Tappan,Thoiin<rton, Thurston, Todd,
Trat'ton, Tyson, Walbridge, Waldron, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Williams, Woodruff, and
Woodworth—96.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the tabic.
Pending the above call,
Mr. GALLOWAY stated that ho had paired
off with Mr. Edmundson.
Mr. STEPHENS said that, at present, he
would vote against laying the bill on the table.
He had an amendment which he desired to offer.
The question recurred on ordering the main
question to be now put.
Mr. BRANCH. If the main question be or-
dered to be now put, it will cutoff all amendment
and debate.
The SPEAKER. That will be its effect.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I insist on my demand
for the yeas and nays. I called for the yeas and
nays on seconding the call for the previous ques-
tion, and I should like to know why the call was
not recognized? It was made wlnle the House
was dividing by tellers.
The SPEAKER. That question has been de-
cided; the call for the previous question has re-
vived a second. It is contrary to the uniform
fRtctice of tho House to allow yeas and nays on
seconding the call for the previous question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BENNETT. Is it in order, before the
vote is taken, to have read, by the Clerk, the
rejjort of the committee which accompanies the
The SPEAKER. It is not. It is in the nature
of debate; and all debate is precluded by the call
for the previous question.
The question was taken; and it was divided in
the affirmative'—yeas 81, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Barbour, Barclay, Barksdale,
Henry Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Bufiinton, Burlmgame, Lewis
D. Campbell, Ezra Clark,Colfax, Covode, Cragin, Timothy
Davis., Dean, Denver, Dovydell, Edie, Eus>tis, Evans, Flag-
ler, Ui'iiry M. Fuller, Gidding?, Gilbert, Granger, Augustus
Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Hu<jhston,K.ing, Knapp,Knowlton, Knox, Leiter,Lindley,
Mace, Matteson, Maxwell, KiUian Miller, Morrill, Nichols,
Andrew Oliver, Paikei, Peck, Pelton, Pennington, Pike,
Prnigle, Purviance, liobbins, Roberts, Robison, Sabm, San-
dulgc, Sapp, Simmons, Stanton, Stranalian, Tappan, Tay-
lor, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trallon, Tyson, Wake-
mau, Walbridge, Waldion, Elliiiu B. Washlmme, Israel
Waslibum, Welch, Williams, Woodruff, and Woodworth
—81.
NAYS-Messrs. Aiken, Ball, Branch, Burnett, Carhle,
Caskie, Chngiftan, Ilowell Cobb, Culien, Davidson, Elliott,
Fostei, Tbouias J. 1). Fuller, Greenwood, Harlan, Harri-
son, Herbert, Jewett, George W. Jones, J Glaney Jones,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Mai shall, Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, MeMullm, Metiueen,
Smith Miller, Mill&on, Morgan, Paine, Pettit, Phelps, Pow-
ell, Puryear, lie ado, Ready, Ricaud, lUiffin, Scott, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Sneed, Spin-
ner, Stephens, Stewart, Trippe, Warner, Wheeler, Daniel
B. Wught, and Zollicoffer—53.
So the main question was ordered to be put1. ,
Pending- the above vote, Mr. FLAGLER stated
that Ids colleague, Mr. Dickson, had been sud-
denly called home by the death of a near relative.
Thejquestion then recurred on the amendment
reported by the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the original
bill be first read.
The original bill was read in extenso; and then
the Clerk read the amendment of the committee,
which is in the nature of a substitute, as follows:
Be it enacted b\j the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That there be, and is hereby, granted to the Statoof Iowa,
for the purpose of aiding in the construction of railroads
from Burlington, on the Mississippi river, to a point on the
Missouri river near the mouth of the Platte river; frorathe
city ot Davenpoit, via Iowa City and Fort Des Moines, to
Council BJuffc; from Lyons City, northwesterly to a point
of interaction with the main line of the Iowa Central Air-
line railroad, near Maquoketa; thence 011 said, main Jme,
rujmiii" as near as piacticable to the forty-becond parallel,
acioss the said State to the Missouri river; ('torn the city of
Dubuque to a point on the Mif-souri river, near Sioux City,
with a branch from the mouth ot the Tete des Monts to tae
nearest point 011 the said road, to be completed as soon a3
the main load is completed to that point, every alternate
section of land, designated by odd numbers, for six sections
111 width on each side of each of said roads. But m case
it shall appeal that the United States have, when the lines
or routes of said loads are definitely .fixed, sold any sections,
or an}' parts thereof, granted as afoiesaid, or that the right
of preemption has attached to the same, then it shall be
lawful for any agent or' agents to be appointed by the Gov-
ernor of said State to select, subject to the approval of the
Secrelcuy of the Intenor, from the land.-* of the United
States nearest to the tiers of sections above specified, so
much land in alternate sections, or parts of sections, as shall
be equal to such lands as the United States have sold, or
othei vviso appropriated, or to which the rights of preemption
have attached as aforesaid; which lands (thus selected in
lieu of those sold, and to which preemption rights have at-
tached as aforesaid, together with the sections and parts of
sections designated by odd numbers, as aforesaid, and appro-
priated as aforesaid) shall be held by the State of Iowa for
the use and purpose aforesaid : Provided, That the land to
be so located shall in no ca.se be further than fifteen miles
fiom the lines of &aid roads, and selected for and on ac-
count of each of said roads: Provided further, That the
lands hereby granted for and on account of said roads, sev-
erally, shall be exclusively applied in the construction of
that road for and on account of which such lands aie hereby
gi anted, and shall be disposed of only as the woik progresses;
and the same shall be applied to no other purpose whatso-
ever : Jind provided jurfker, That any and all lands here-
tofore reserved to the United States by any act of Congtess,
or m any othei manner by competent authority, for the pur-
pose of aiding in auy object of internal improvement, or for
anyother purpose whatsoever, be,and tho same archereby,
reserved to the United States trom thcopeiauonof this act,
except so far as it may bo found necessary to locate the
routes of said raihoads through such reserved lands; m
which case the nsht of way only shall be granted, subject
to the approval ot the Piesident of the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the sections and
parts of sections of land winch,by such grant, shall remain
to the United States within six miles on each side of said
road:-, shall not be sold for less than double the minimum
piife of the public lands when fcold; nor shall any of said'
land? become subject to private entry until the same have
■ been first offered at public sale at the increased pnee.
j Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thafethe said lanss
; hereby planted to the said State shall be subject to the dis-
1 posalof the Legislature thereof for the purposes aforesaid,
| and no other; and the said railroads shall be an^ remain
