IMS
-THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 9,
a highly respectable portion of the merchants and
others. If.the appropriation be refused here anil
now, we will be involved, probably, in similar
difficulties in the designation of any other point
than the one selected by the President. The
Committee on the Judiciary have given them-
selves great pains to investigate this whole mat-
ter; I understand that some of them put them-
selves. to the trouble to go to the city of Baltimore
to look at the various proposed sites. They had
no particular interest in the matter, one way or
the other, I suppose; and with this investigation,
they have approved the arrangement made by
the President. How, then, can we judiciously
refuse to make this appropriation, when we have
recommendations from our committees who have
examined the matter, that it should be made ? X
am sorry that the gentlemen from Baltimore
differ with the council of the city, and wall the
Committee on the Judiciary; and the appropria-
tion is thus jeoparded. So far as there has been
an effort to obtain the popular sentiment of Bal-
tii^irc, it is in favor of this arrangement, as
proper and judicious. I understand the contract
lias been made, and I do not think the House
ought to repudiate it. it has been adopted by the
President 111 pursuance of ail act of Congress.
The contract having been made, the duty is now
devolved on Congress to make the necessary
appropriation to carry it into execution. I hope
the amendment will be agreed to.
Mr. LETCHEll. I know nothing of this
matter, for my attention has never been called to
it; and to vote understandingly I want some in-
formation. What 1 deshe to know is this; what
lias been the action of the people of Baltimore?
Have they petitioned for this location, or have
they petitioned against it?
Mr. HARRIS. I will answer the gentleman.
Allusion has been made by my colleague, [A'Jr.
Bowie,] to a memorial of one hundred and fifty
respoetabie merchants, presented to the committee
in favor of this location. I desire to say to the
gentleman^ from Virginia, that there have been
placed before the Committee on the Judiciary
memorials against this location, with some four
thousand signatures. My colleague says further
that this location has been indorsed by the City
Council of Baltimore. Thisis a mistake. There
was some action taken by the first branch of the
City Council, but it was afterwards ignored by
the second branch. There was, therefore, no
action by the City Comic)!.
Mr. LE TCHER. Then, as I understand, there
is a conilict of opinion in regard to it. Some are
for tills location, and some are against it and
in favor of other locations in the city. If this is
the diiliculty in regard to it, there is one way, it
seems to me, in which to get nd of it, and to
winch 1 shall lesoit, if this discussion continues
longer; that is, to insert a proviso for the repeal
of the act directing the construction of the build-
ing.
This is exactly the state of the ease with all
these buildings. There are local interests which
Beck to control the locations, and they are con-
stantly in conflict. It is almost impossible for
one not familiar with all the facts to judge in re-
gard to the appropriation.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a reason why this is not
the proper time to consider it, when we are under
the tivoininute rule.
Mr. Lh.lt 11kit. I do not know anything
about tlj.it. Il seems that it has been a matter
under consideration by one or two of the com-
mittees of this House. The Judiciary Committee
had^it in ehaige. It is now before the Committee
of Ways and Means; and the Senate have passed
a bill to carry it into execution. I think it would
puzzle this House somewhat to tell how to vote
on the question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is the reason why
we ou^ht to vote it down.
Mr. Stewart, by unanimous conscnt, with-
drew his amendmmt.
1 he quosiion was taken on Mr. Bowie's amend-
ment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr, WALKER. I oifer the following amend-
ment:
o !?e Un"ed States marine' hospital, and to j
form a pai t of the grosmds of said hospital, ^6,(WO. I
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I raise the point
that the amendment is not in order. It was ruled
out of order yesterday, when it was offered by the
gentleman's colleague.
Mr. WALKER. It seems to me, though I
have no familiarity with the rules, that the amend-
ment is in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is debate in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. WALKER. Is it not in order for me to
state the reasons why I think the amendment is
in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The Chair thinks the point well taken, and rules
the amendment out of order.
Mr. McCARTY. I offer the following amend-
ment.
For the purpose of inclosing and grading the lot, construct-
ing proper pavement* ami cisterns, and iriliodi;Ciii<j£*as, &e.,
into the cu-<tom-hou^c, court-room, and po^t otfioo build-
ing, authorized to be constructed at Oswego, New Yoik,
$.->,000. '
Mr. Chairman, though the Secretary of the
Treasury opposed the application fqr thcenlarge-
mcnt of this custom-house, yet he did recommcnd
that certain improvements be made. That those
improvements may be made, this amendment is
introduced. I ask that the letter of the Secretary
of the Treasury be read.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object; ithas never been
before any committee.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, from the Committee of
Ways and Mean?, offered the following amend-
ment as separate sections:
Src. 4. Jlnd he if farther enacted, That the accounting
officer of the Ticasury he directed to settle and pay to the
public printer the increased eouipcimiion allowed bj'joint
li'Holuitoti Nro. IS, appioved \>Utli ol July, 1&.~>4, upon tin-
pruitinsr oiderod pnor to the lepeal of >«aid resolution a-:
applicable to said punter by the actoi l.'th .May, 18T<o, enti-
tled " An ui i, u> supply deiicMieir* in tin- appiopnatiom.
for the service of the iLeal war endim,' the &Jth of June,
18">f) "
Sec. 5. Jlml he it further enacted, That there shall he
paid, for the <-ul>- i-tonoo of the comnteMoner under Die
tioaty with Great B.itam of oth June, JM4. out of any un- i
expended balance of apptopiianon-? already made foi the
M'i vice under ^-aid tieaij. the sum of four dollais pei diem
fiom the date of hw appointment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I called for a division of the
House upon that amendment, before the result
wasa announced by the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The call came too late,
as the Chair did not hear the gentleman.
Mr. S TAiN'TON. 1 state that I made the call
before the result was announced, and I Uke an
appeal from the decision of the Chair, saying I
was too late.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I submit that the gentle-
man cannot take an appeal from the decision of
the Chair. Tl'ore is nothing to appeal fiom.
The CIIAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the point of order is well taken.
Air. SEWARD offered the following amend-
ment, to eome m immediately after the amend-
ment just adopted:
Provided, That no appropiiation in this net shall be made
available, whcio the same is not mnde to eatry outcome
existing law, notwithstanding the same mav have boon ic-
po: ted by the Committee of Ways and Mean-;, they hem"-
suhjnet to the same rules as other membms of this House?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of order.
It is general legislation attached to an appropri-
ation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, believing that the committee may
put such restrictions and conditions upon appro-
priation bills as they think proper.
Mr. SEWARD. I have introduced this amend-
ment for the putpose of testing a principle, and
to ascertain whether the legislation of the country
is in the hands exclusively of tile Committee of
Ways and Means. This Government is already
a^government of clerks in every Department of it.
Estimates ere made and business transacted in
the Departments, and sent to the Committee of
Ways and AJeans. They audit them, and repoit
to the [louse, and under the stringent rule laid
down by the Chair, this House is bound to give
its approval to oil that they do. Amendments
after amendnients have been offered to this ap-
propriation bill by other members of this House,
for purposes as just, legitimate, and useful to this
rejected by the decision of the Chair. I am for
rejecting; the appropriations which have been
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means, and by striking out such appropriations
put down the government of the Departments
where there is no existing law by which the ap-
propriations become necessary to carry out the
past legislation of Congress. Let us put an end
to that, and put the Committee of Ways and
Means upon an equality with other members of
the House. I want to see to whom the power
of legislation is confided—whether to one of the
standing committees of this House, or to the two
hundred and thirty-four Representatives upon this
floor coming from every portion of this Union,
and speaking in behalf of the whole people. For
myself I want no padlock put upon my hps, and
no legislation carried out by contract. I am op-
posed to anjj species of legislation which does
not secure equal and just rights to all, and 1 am
not to be trammeled and chained by any such rule.
I have as much right to speak heie as have the
members of the Committee o'f Ways and Means,
and my amendments are as much to be respected
as those recommended by that committee. They
are governed by the same rules and the same
laws, and they have no more power here than I
have.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am opposed to
this amendment. I desire to say that I am sur-
prised at the remarks of the gentleman from
Georgia, who has repeated the stale and worn-
out charge against the Committee of Ways and
Means, that they desire to absorb the power of
legislation. Every intelligent member of this
House knows that that committee have reported
back many of the estimates that were referred to
them originally by the House, because they had
no jurisdiction over the subject-matter embraced '
theiein; and that the committee were discharged
fiom the further consideration thereof, and they
were referred to other and more appropriate com-
mittees. The greatest trouble of that committee
j has been to get clear of the legislation which the
members of other committees have endeavored
j to impose upon us.
| The lull reported by the Committee of Ways
1 and Means to the House, and which has just been
considered by the Committee of the Whole on
1 the state of the Union, embraces not one single
1 item that was not provided for by existing law,
and yet the gentleman says that his proviso is
i necessary to rid the bill of amendments recom-
! nended by the Committee of Ways and Means,
| not authorized by law. Sir, I have no objection
j to the principle of the proviso. The effect of it
j would be simply to strike from the bill amend-
j ments which have come from outsiders. It would
not aft'ect one item recommended by the Ways
and Means Committee. The gentleman fiom
Georgia cannot point to one amendment recom-
mended by the Committee of Ways and Means,
for which I am not prepared to show him the
1 autboiily of law.
J His cliaige, therefore, falls to the ground. It
:| has nothing, in fact, on which it may be founded.
|j The charge mighty be properly applied in other
|l quarters, but it fails to reach the Committee of
'j Ways and Means. And, sir, I think that these
!; facts tend to show that the legislation of the
|! country would, perhaps, not be in very unsafe
!| hands were it placed in the hands of the Com-
[ nuttee of "Ways and Means; because there is
ja general disposition among members heie to
introduce amendments without authority of law,
while there is no such disposition in the Commit-
[ tee ot Ways and Means. It only exists among
f, members who havu various interests to subserve
ill their paitieular localities. 1 hope the com-
i nuttee will vote down this section. I do not say
1 but that, in a separate bill, it might be a very
] | propel proposition; but now it tends to trammel
' and embarrass this bill, which I regard as very
important to the interests of the country, and
: winch out to pass.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask leave to withdraw my
amendment. I just want to say what I have
■, said 
: Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
1 withdrawal,
i The amendment was rejected.
Air. CAMPBELL. I now move that the bill
Government as those recommended by the Com- ji be laid aside to be reported to the House.
mitte« of Ways and Means, awl they have been li The motion was agreed to.
