398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
allowed fishing bounty, be withdrawn from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the documents relating to the claim of the
representatives of Nathaniel Fryor. for indemnity for dep-
redations committed by the Winnebago Indians, be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. TOOMBS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of the executors
of John Schiy, praying tor the extension of a patent granted
to him, be taken from the files, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. WELLER. Yesterday, on my motion,
the usual extra number of copies of the Patent
Office Report was ordered to be printed for the use
of the Senate. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which that order was made. My object
in making the motion to reconsider is, to refer the
subject to the Committee on Printing, in order
that we may have the benefit of their advice
before we proceed to order an extra number of
copies of this work.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the question of printing extra numbers was
referred to the Committee oh Printing.
Mr. BROWN. Some time ago we received a
message from the President of the United States,
communicating the proceedings of the court-mar-
tial which tried Colonel Montgomery. At the time
the message was presented I made a motion for
its printing. I hope that motion will now be
considered and agreed to.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON subsequently said: On the
motion of the Senator from Mississippi, an order
was made this morning for printing the papers
in the case of Colonel Montgomery. I move to
reconsider that vote; but I do not desire to have
action on know. After investigation, I will with-
draw the motion, if I think the printing ought to
be ordered at once, but otherwise I shall insist
upon it.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to reconsider
will be entered.
REMITTANCES TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Road-, be directed to consider the expediency of pro-
viding for the convenience and secuiity of remittances
abioad in small sums, by authonzmg oiders or diaitb iiom
our Post Office on toieign post ofhees with which if is in
correspondence, constituting a system of international post
office orders.
ABOLITION OF HOSPITAL MONEY.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to considct the expediency of abolishing, by law, the exac-
tion of twenty cent* fiom the monthly wages of seamen in
the merchant {service of the Unilcd States, and of boatmen
on the western watcn, constituting what is called hospital
money, so that, when sick or disabled, they may enjoy then-
present puvilegcs at the marine hospitals without the
present tax.
STATUTES AT LARGE.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I offer a resolution which
I ask the Senate to take into immediate consider-
ation. It is in relation to the additional volume
of the laws which has been published, and which
we all need for the performance of our duties.
Resolved, That each member of the Senate be furnished
with a copy of the tenth volume of Little & Bi own's edition
of the Statutes at Large ; and that the preceding volumes
be furnished to those members who have not already jc-
ceived them.
The resolution was considered, by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
president's message.
On motion by Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That so much of the President's annual message
as relates to the Distuct of Columbia be relerred to the Com-
xnittee on the District of Columbia.
A message in writing, of an executive charac-
ter, was received from the President of the United
States, by Mr. "Webster, his Private Secretary.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
.of ft. A. Wainwright, praying to be relieved from
the payment of certain public moneys stolen from
him in the city of Boston, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Denison E. Seymour,
praying for remuneration for losses sustained by
him in consequence of enlisting1 in the engineer
corps through misrepresentation, submitted an
adverse report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Benjamin H. Movers,
praying for a pension, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill to authorize and direct the
settlement of the account of the Bank of the State
of Missouri, for money advanced for the subsist-
ence and transportation of volunteers, reported it
back without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution authorizing and
directing the Secretary of War to furnish in cer-
tain cases verified copies of original papers filed
before the board for the examination of claims
contracted in California under Lieutenant Colonel
Fremont, reported it back without amendment,
and recommended its passage.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. DODGE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce separate bills for appro-
priations for harbors already commenced on the
western shores of Lake Michigan, State of Wis-
consin, to wit: Manatowoc, Sheboygan, Racine,
Milwaukie, and Kenosha.
Mr. BROWN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to establish a library
for young men in the District of Columbia.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the im-
provement of the harbor of San Diego, California;
which was read afirst and second time, and placed
on the Calendar.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill to provide for the examination and
payment of certain claims of citizens of Georgia
and Alabama, oil account of losses sustained by
the depredations of the Creek Indians; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. TRUMBULL, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill for the construction of a suitable building for
the accommodation of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, and the several offices
connected therewith, and the post office, at Spring-
field, Illinois; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. YULEE,in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
establish a port of entry at Fcrnandina, in the
State of Florida; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. MASON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. No. 3) for the appointment of Regents
to fill the vacancies in the Board of Regents of the
Smithsonian Institution; which was read the first
time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the Board of
Regents have been unable to obtain a quorum, in
consequence of the delay in organizing the House,
and, in order to fill the existing vacancies, it is
desiiable that the resolution should be acted on
at once. It is one to which I presume there is no
objection; I therefore ask for its consideration
now.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that the
vacancies m the Board of Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution, of the class other than mem-
bers of Congress, occasioned by the resignation
of Rufus Choate and the death of John McPherson
Berncn, be filled by the appointment of George
E. Badger, of North Carolina, and Cornelius 0.
Felton, of Massachusetts.
Mr. MASON. Mr. Badger is known to every
Senator present; and of Mr. Felton I would only
say , that he is professor of Greek at the Harvard
University; that he is a gentleman of eminent
literary as well as other attainments, and pos-
sesses, perhaps, a better knowledge of literary
institutions, at home and abroad, than most
others.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. Iyvvas read the third time,
and passed.
PROCEEDINGS OF THE NAVAL BOARD.
Mr. HALE. I laid a resolution on the table
yesterday, which was objected to on account of
the absence of the chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs. He is in his place now. I wish
it to be taken up and passed, as it is simply a
resolution of inquiry.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion, which is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire and report whether the provisions of an
" Act to promote the efficiency of the Navy," approved 28th
February 1855, are m accoidance with the provisions of
the Constitution of the United States; and whether the
proceedings under said act, by which large numbers of
officers of the Navy have been involuntarily placed on the
reserved list and on furlough, and others dismissed Irom the
service, aie agreeable to, and warranted by, the provisions
of said Constitution.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to amend by
striking out the last words, agreeable to, and
warranted by, the provisions of said Constitu-
tion," and inserting " agreeably to said act."
The first part of the resolution diirects the com-
mittee to inquire whether the act itself is consti-
tutional. I wish, as a question of law, that the
committee will at least give us their opinion
whether the execution of the law has been accord-
ing to the provisions of the law itself—whether
they have been legal.
Mr. HALE. I will adopt that amendment as
an addition, so that the resolution shall read,
" agreeably to th'e provisions of the Constitution
and the law."
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection to
that. '
The PRESIDENT. That amendment will be
made by unanimous consc'nt. The question is,
on agreeing to the resolution as amended.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to enter into
any debate upon this resolution. I shall vote
against its adoption. The memorials on this
subject, or many of them, state that the act is
unconstitutional, and the proceedings under it bar-
barous and unconstitutional. Those memorials
have been referred to one of your standing com-
mittees, who have the subject under considera-
tion. The proceedings before the board can only
be known when that report comes in. That
committee is now engaged in examining and
developing those proceedings, with a view of
informing the Senate upon them. This resolution
contemplates the assignment of another standing
committee to do precisely the same work; and
that committee's first operation will be to know
what these proceedings are which the Committee
on Naval Affairs is now engaged in ascertaining.
I have no doubt the Committee on the Judiciary
would give this resolution and this law a fair ex-
amination; but 1 am aware of the fact that four
of the members of that committee, composed of
six Senators, have already expressed their opinion
on the subject on the floor of the Senate—not on
the constitutionality of the law, but on the results
and proceedings under it. I have only to say that
those proceedings arc not yet known. If their
constitutionality is to be inquired into, I submit
to the Senate that we had better wait for informa-
tion as to what those proceedings were. That
is what the Committee on Naval Affairs is now
ascertaining. I am not disposed to protract de-
bate, or make any opposition to the resolution
further thnn my own vote.
Mr. BUTLliR. Mr. President, 1 am inclined
to think that the Senator from New Hampshire
would attain his object more effectually by re-
serving his resolution, and letting it^lie on the
table until we have the report of the 'Committee
on Naval Affairs, and then moving it as an amend-
ment; or if he chooses to refer it to another
committee by way of appeal, be it so. But it
i would be an extremely embarrassing matter for
| the Committee on the Judiciary to take, by this
■ reference, a jurisdiction over a subject which we
i know another committee has under its control. I
would not like to do it; and I give notice that I
I thmk it very probable that we should not report
