1124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 6,
public highways for the use of the Government of the
United States, free from toll or other chaige upon the trans-
portation of any property or troops of the United States.
Sec- 4. JInd be it further enacted, That the lands hereby
granted to said State shall be disposed of by said State only
in manner following: that is to say, that a quantity of land,
not exceeding one hundred and twenty sections lor each Oi
said roads, and included within a continuous length of
twenty miles of each of said roads, may be sold; and when
the Governor of said State shall certify to the Secretary ot
' the Interior thatany twenty continuous miles of any of said
roads is completed, then another quantity of land hereby
granted, not to exceed one hundred and twenty sections
for "each of said roads having twenty continuous miles com-
pleted as aforesaid, and included within a continuous
length of twenty miles of each of such roads, may be sold;
and so, from tune to time, until said roads are completed;
and if any of said roads is not completed withm ten years,
no further sale shall be made, and the lands unsoid shall
revei t to the United States. • .
Sec. n M be it further enacted, That the United States
mail shall be transported over said roads, under the direc-
tion of the Foat Olfice Department, at su<;h puce as Con-
gies* mav, bv law, direct: Provided, That until such price
is fixed by iaw, the Postmaster General shall have the
power to determine the same.
Mr. WHITNEY. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was agreed to
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. Is it too late, un-
der the operation of the previous question, to
move to postpone the farther consideration of this
bill?
The SPEAKER. It is.
The hill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was read the third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the morning
hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. .TONES. Then I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of business upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. BENNETT. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill. 1 claim the
floor, as I believe I was recognized by the Chair
before the gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Tennessee is in order. He was also
first recognized by the Chair.
Mr. JONES. I demand the yeas and nays
upon my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MAXWELL. I would inquire of the
Chair in what position the bill under considera-
tion would be left, provided the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee should be adopted ?
The SPEAKER. It would go upon the Speak-
er's table.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolutions of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
S. It. No. 7. A resolution for the relief of the
Southwestern and Muscogee Railroad Company;
S. No. 1. An act malting an appropriation for
deepening the channel over St. Clair flats, in the
State of Michigan; and
H. R. No. 12. Joint resolution for enlarging
the custom-house, post office, and court-house at
Cleveland, Ohio.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask the indulgence of the
House for a few minutes, to make a personal ex-
planation.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. McMULLIN. I have been personally at-
tacked, and I desire to call the attention ot the
House to the matter.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made; and un-
less the gentleman rises to a question of privilege,
he is not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. It is a question of privi-
lege, as I have been attacked personally by ameiii-
ber of this House, and I desire to be heard m
reply.
Mr. M ATTESON. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. McMULLIN. As a general rule, Mr.
Speaker, I am opposed to making personal ex-
planations; but I discover, in the report of a speech
made by a gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Perry,]
on Thursday*last, that he made two quotations
from remarks which I made m this House in
December last, and made comments upon those
remarks which I construe into a reflection upon
myself. I will read them. He says:
"Another honorable member from Virginia, [Mr. Mc-
JVTiii-lin,] in a debate in this House on the 20th of Decem-
ber last, said :
"' One ofthe greatest misfortunes ofthe country, Mr.Clerk,
is the fact that our northern brethien mistake the character
o"f the South. They suppose that the southern disunionists
are confined to the Calhoun wing of the Democratic party.
That, sir, is the greatest error that the people of the North
have ever fallen into. And f tell you, sir, and I want the
country to know it—I want the gentlemen from the free
States, our Republicans, our Seward Republicans, our
Abolitionists, or whatever else you may be called, to know
it—that if you restore the Missouri compromise, or repeal
the fugitive slave law, t/tis Union will be dissolved.
"' If the Governmeutgoes into the hands ofthe North, into
the hands ofthe Republican party, of the Abolition party—
for I like to call things by their true names~I say if the
Government of the country goes into the hands of the Abo-
litionists of the North, and they either repeal the fugitive
slave law or restoie the Missouri compromise, I tell the
House, and I tell the countiy, that theie will then be union
at the South upon this question.'
" Tne same gentleman goes on still further to say:
"1 AihT let me ask gentlemen from the North, if this Union
is dissolved, who holds your National Capitol? But let me
say to gentlemen oi the Noi th, you cannot get possession of
this National Capitol.
" 4 The Capitol now belongs to no section. It belongs
alike to Nortii, South, ISa^t, and West. But, sir, it was
erected upon sdave territory ; and if the hand of disunion
shall evei s?cver the State* of this Rcpubhc, you shall never
akc possesion of it while I occupy my seat as a Represent-
ative upon this door. And moie, I tell them that when the
North and the South sever the connection which now binds
them togethei, the North will never take possession of this
Capitol unless they pa*s over my dead body.'
''The gentleman ^:iys this Capitol was ejected upon slave
ternlorv; and, m ca*o of a dissolution, if the North get any
part of the public plunder, v hile he occupies a seat, they
wdl have to -pas? over hi-; dead body.' When I listened to
this remark, it brought 'vividly to my recollection a scene
that was witnessed in thi'- *aine slaveholding territory,' in
August, 181-1, when a handful of Bmish soldiers, and sailors,
after spending about a month upon the waters of the Ches-
apeake, landed, and, dialing their three pieces of artillery
up by hand, over this same ' slaveholdingteiritory,' applied
the torch to the Capitol, i educed it to a heap of .•moukleung
rums, and, alter de>noving our binary and public aiclnves,
leisurely leembaiked, and quietly sailed away to other
scenes of opeidtion."
Now, sir, I may not have construed the lan-
guage of the gentleman correctly; but if the gen-
tleman from Maine designed, by these remarks,
to cast any imputation upon me by supposing that
I would not defend myself or my countiy, if at-
tacked, I would like to know it. If thcgentleman
meant any personal imputation or reflection upon
me individually, I should like to know it.
Mr. PERRY. I shall occupy but a moment of
the time of the House. In regard to the remarks
which I made the other day in this House, which
have been alluded to by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, I would say that the members of the House
will find, by referring to my speech upon that
occasion, that I made certain quotations from
remarks made by the gentleman from Virginia
during the trial to effect an organization of this
House in December last. I believe I quoted the
gentleman correctly. Those remarks, I go on to
sav, called to my mind an occurrence which took
place in 1814. 'flic gentleman from Virginia, in
those remarks, stated that there might come a
contingency when the Union would be dissolved,
and in that contingency there might be a contest
as to who should get possession of the public
property in the city of Washington. He stated—
and I believe I quoted him concctly—that the
North, in that contingency, could not get posses-
sion of this Capitol. Those remarks brought to
my mind the fact that this Capitol was conquered
nt one time, without any interna! collision among
the people of this Union, by a foreign foe; and
although I have never, in reading the history of
that time, accused the people of Washington of
cowardice, I have thought that they had a very
modest way of defending the Capitol. But I
brought up this as an illustration of the idea that
there" might be circumstances hereafter arising
upon this territory, which the gentleman alludes
to as slave territory, when it might be again
taken.
And I will say in this connection—for I am a
frank man, and wish to cast no imputation upon
any member of this House—that in making those
remarks, 1 had no personal allusion whatever to
the gentleman from Virginia, and I do not think
that, from any fair construction of my remarks,
such an inference can be drawn.
Mr. McMULLIN. I wish to say that the
general who commanded at that time was soir^p
where from th© gentleman's own country.
Mr. PERRY. But he was supported by very
poor soldiers. [Laughter.]
Mr. W ATKINS. I have not before asked a
personal favor of this House, and I do not expect,
in all probability, to ask a similar favor again;
and, as personal explanations seem to be the order
ofthe day, I trust that the same courtesy which
has been extended to other gentlemen will a!lso be
extended to me.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent only
can the gentleman proceed.
No objection was made.
Mr. w ATKINS. I hold in my hand,.Mr.
Speaker, a copy of a Know Nothing paper pub-
lished in the city of Knoxville, State of Tennes-
see, called the Knoxville Register, in which I
find the following paragraph, under the caption,
in capital letters, of "Hon. A. G-. Wat-kins."
The editor, whom I do not know personally—for
he has been only a short time at the editorial
head of that paper—prefaces the publication with
these remarks:
" It is always best to knowf-xactly where a man stands,
and for this reason we make the following extract from
the report of the speech of Hon. Sam A. Smith, delivered
on the 4th instant in the House of Representatives. Of
course, Sam Smith speaks ex-cathedr&."
The editor then proceeds to give what purports
to be a dialogue between two of my colleagues
on this floor during the delivery of that speech
while I was absent, not only from the House
of Representatives, but from the city of Wash-
ington, attending to some indispensable private
business, and on a short visit to my family—
some six hundred miles from the seat of Gov-
ernment. That dialogue is published as follows:
"Mr. Sneed. I desire to know by what authority the
gentleman has left out of his Intone of Ins own colleagues ?
"Mr Smith. Do you mean the gentleman from the
Knowille district? His name is here.
"Mr. Snfed. No, sir; I mean the gentleman flora the
di-tnet above Knoxville, one of the immortal 7-1—Mr.
Waticins.
" Mr. Smith. He may have belonged to the order at tho
time of his election, but he was elected by the Anti-Know
Nothings, and m opposition to the nominee of that paity,
in the first distnct, and is iww openly doing noble service in
the ranks ofthe Democratic party,
" Mr. Snerd. In two of the largest counties in the dis-
trict he received the Know Nothing vote.
" Mr. Smith. Well, 1 will put him down as a Demo-
crat."
I regret exceedingly, Mr. Speaker, that my
colleague from the Knoxville district, [Mr.
Sneed,] for whom I have high respect person-
ally and otherwise, deemed it necessary, in my
absence, to call in question my political posi-
tion in the canvass—a most exciting canvass-
through which I passed during the last summer.
Sir, it has been my habit, ever since I have first
occupied a seat on this floor, not to question the
political consistency, or conduct, or integrity, of
any of my colleagues of any party, whether they
were present or absent, and more especially, sir,
when I had known that they were not present,
and were not, therefore, prepared to defend them-
selves on this floor. There are, Mr. Speaker,
three imputations, or accusations, or insinuations,
in this article. One is, that I was elected to a seat
on this floor by one party, and have acted and
cooperated and voted with, and sustained , another
and different party on this floor, One is, that I
could not have occupied a seat on this floor at
this time, but for the support of the Know Noth-
ing party of the first congressional district of
Tennessee.
The other is made by the editor, and my hon-
orable colleague, [Mr. Sneed,] when it is said
that I received the Know Nothing vote of the
two strongest Know Nothing counties in the first
congressional districtofTennessee. Mr. Speaker,
I take this occasion to say to the House, and to
the country, with all due deference and respect
for the opinions and the information of my col-
league from the Knoxville district, that neither
one of these imputations, of these intimations, of
these insinuations, is true in point of fact in
point of argument, or in point of inference.
Sir, I repeat that I regret that it has become
necessary to call in question the political consist-
ency or political integrity of one colleague by
another on this floor. I regret this the more ex-
ceedingly for the reason that it drags into discus-
sion m the House the excitement and the issues
of a canvass which, in my judgment, have no
place in, and do not properly pertain to, the le-
gislation of the Congress of the united States. It
