1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i ®m
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to take up for con-
sideration the report of the Committee of Ways
and Means on the Senate amendments to House
bill(No.71)making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30, 1B5T.
Of all other bills, I think the Indian appropriation
bill ought to be put through us quickly as pos-
sible.
The motion was agreed to; and the first amend-
ment of the Senate was reported, as follows:
Btackfiot Nation.—For fiist often installments as annuity,
to be expended in the purchase of such goods, provisions,
and other useful articles, as the President, <tt liu> discretion,
may fiom time to time determine, pei ninth article of the
treaty of 17th of October, 1855, .*£0,000.
Mr. ORR. Is this bill open to general debate?
Mr. CAMPBELL. No; debate is closed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed that
the general debate on the amendment is notclosed.
Mr. ORR. I do not propose, Mr. Chairman,
to indulge in any illegitimate debate. I desire to
submit some remarks to the committee on the
last amendment of the Senate; and I do it now,
apprehending that, before that amendment is
reached, general debate may be closed, and I
may be precluded from being heard upon it.
Mr. Chairman, the amendment to which I refer
is in the following words:
Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of War he, and he is horebv, authorized and dnected to
pay to 'Jean ttaptiete Faubault, and Pela-jie Faubault,
his wife, the sum of .<$12,005, with interest thereupon fiom
the 12th of March, 1?39, m full payment of their claim to
the inland at the confluence of the M tssissippj and St. 1'ien e
rivers, in fulfillment of a oontraei entoicd into for that pur-
pose on said I "2th day of Maich, 1839. between the Secre-
taiy of War and the attorneys in fact of the said Faubault
and wife.
The Committee of Ways and Moans have rec-
ommended a nou-eoneurrenee in that amendment;
and I am before the Committee of the Whole
now to sustain their recommendation. I pup- i
pose, Mr. Chairman, that any explanation of the |
claim in the present temper of the IIouso is un- j
necessary—the recommendations of the Commit- j
tee of Ways and Means having thus far been ,
sustained—nor would 1 trespass on the time of ;
the Committee of the Whole if the case were !
finally to be disposed of now, and here. But !
committees of conference are oftentimes raised, j
and questions come up at a late houi,and aie j
voted upon without the House understanding ;
them;and, therefore, I desire to presentsome facts
in connection with the claim which have come
to my knowledge, so that the committee may vote
understandably. At the last session of Congress
I was on a conference committee, having charge
of this same claim of Faribault and wife. The
committee of conference recommended this sec-
tion, which was adopted by the House as an
amendment to the Indian appropriation bill, to j
wit: |
That the sum of $12,000, &c., be appropriated to carry |
into effect this contiact, &c.- Provided, That the Secretanj
of War shall be satisfied with the validity of tneir title to the j
lands mentioned in said contract, and that the convcyance to j
the United States be made so ad to pas1} the said title.
Pursuant to the directions contained in that j
section, the Secretary of War has examined the 1
title of Faribault, and has made his derision. He !
decides that these parties have no title whatever, '
and that no conveyance from them can pass to ;
the Government of the United States agood title.
This amendment, therefore, is an appeal to Con- j
gross from the decision of the Secretary of War, ;
without notice to the House, however, m the i
amendment, that it is an appeal, and without as- j
signing the giounds of supposed eiror in the de- ;
eisioii. There was laid on our tables a few days !
since, an elaborate pamphlet, hut not indorsed by !
any committee, or even a single member of this :
House, argiiin?: against the decision which the j
Secretary of War had reached in this case. A I
brief history of it will, I think, satisfy the com- [
mittee that there is not a particle of merit in it, [
and that the recommendation of the Committee j
of Ways and Means to non-concur should be j
adopted by this committee. The land lu ques- ;
tion is an island in the Mississippi river, at or j
near the mouth of St. Peters river, in Minnesota. !
In 1805 a treaty was made by Lieutenant Pike ;
with the Sioux Indians, by which treaty this j
island, and other adjacent island-s on either side I
of the Mississippi river, were conveyed to the
Government of the United States for military
and commercial posts. It seems that, from some
cause or other which I have not been able to
trace, this treaty was not ratified till three years
afterwards—in 1808. Very much of the trouble
between the Secretaries of War and the two
Houses of Congress since that time, with refer- j
ence to this claim, has grown out of the fact, that
in the volume of the Statutes at Large, appropri-
ated to Indian treaties, this treaty,"by some ac-
cident or other, is not to be found. It has not
been recorded among the published treaties, al-
though an examination of the Journal of the
Senate of 1808, at page 76, will show that Mr.
Jefferson, in a message communicated to the Sen-
ate, transmitted that treaty. Subsequently, on
the 16th of April, that treaty was ratified. It
will be found on page 80 of this Journal. The
original treaty that was made, and which was not
published in the volume appropriated to Indian
treaties, is now on file in the State Department.
Mr. PHELPS. Any gentleman who is desir-
ous of obtaining information in reference to the
treaty to which the gentleman refers, can find it
in the American State Papers. I read so much
of it as pertains to this matter:
"Art. 1. Ttie Sioux nation grant* unto the United States,
for the purpose of ostabh-hing mihtaiy po^ts, nine miles
squaie at the mouth of the river St. Cioix, aNo from below
the confluence of the Mis-i-sippi and St. Peters, up the
Mississippi, to include the Falls of St. Anthony, extending
nine mile* on each side of the i iver. That the Sioux nation
grants to the United State* the full sovciet^nty and power
ovei said dMucts foiever, without any let or hindrance
whatsoever."
Here, too, is the ratification of the treaty by the
Senate.
Mr. ORR. The treaty was made in 1805, and
in 1808 confirmed by the Senate. In 1819 the
Government of the United States took possession
of this island, and troops were sent to that re-
gion. The evidence of that will be found in Ex- j
ecutive document, House of Representatives, j
Twenty-Sixth Congress, first session, No. 82, ;
page 12. In 1820 Colonel Leavenwoith, who, it !
seems, took this man Faribault as nuerpietcr up !
to that region, without any knowledge on his i
part that Pike's treaty had boon made and con- '
firmed, entered into a convention with the Sioux ,
Indians to convey this island u to Pelagic Fan- i
bault,wife of Jean Baptiste Faribault, and to her 1
heirs forever." This he sent to the Secietary of ■
War, Mr. Calhoun, to be I,ud before the Presi- j
dent, and, if approved, to be communicated to the !
Senate for ratification. The Secretary of War, j
upon examination, found that the island had been !
conveyed to the United States by a prior treaty,
and that, the title then existed in the United States.
He therefore declined to send the treaty to the
Senate for ratification, and wrote to Taliaferro,
Indian agent, '' Consequently the reservations
claimed under the treaty have no validity, and
you will accordingly so apprise the individuals
so concerned." It will be perceived that the title
of the United States to the island was perfect,
and that its date was twelve years anterior to the
pretended conveyance to Faribault and her heirs, j !
Well, sir, matters remained in this condition
until lb39—the Faribaults setting up no claim p
against the Government title—-hen I do not!;
know how it occurred—I do not know what sort -I
of representations were made, or what influences
were brought to bear on Congress, but a joint res-
olution was passed, directing the Secretary of'1
War, Mr. Poinsett, "to contract with J. B. & !'
P. Faribault for the purchase of the island at
the confluence of the St. Peter's and Mississippi
rivers, and to report his proceedings to Congress,
subject to their approbation or rejection." Mr.
Poinsett, on the 12th of March following, made
the contract, subject to the approval of Congress;
and on the 4th of January, 1^40, in a letter to the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, commu-
nicated his own action in the premises, together !
with sundry other papers and documents explan- "
atory of the Government title and the pretended j,
claim of Faribault. These papers will be found j|
in Executive Document, No. 82, first session jj
Twenty-Sixth Congress. Mr. Poinsett says: ||
" The claim of the Faribaults, depending as it does alone | i
upon the recognition ot tin* ln&tmment, [Leavenworth's j;
tieaty,] of course tails with it." j j
Mr. Poinsett shows, beyond all doubt, in this j|
letter, that our title is good to the island, and that u
Faribault never had aTalid title-to the game. This
letter and the accompanying documents doubtless
prevented Congress from ratifying the contract;
and the claimants seemed to have acquiesced in
this, at least until the actors m that day had passed
away, and hence we find the claim revived and
renewed during the last Congress, after having*
slumbered for fourteen years. Congress then
acted with fairness to these rejected claimants.
At the last session this matter was carefully
considered in committee, and afterwards in com-
mittee of conference; and we then said to these
parlies: " We will pay you these $12,000 if you
have got any title to the land. We cannot in-
vestigate your title. We have no time to devote
to that purpose; but if you will show the Secre-
tary of War, who can investigate the title, that
you have any valid title to the land, we will pay
you the $12,000." Well, sir, the Secretary of
War, Mr. Davis, has investigated the subject,
and he concurs with Secretary~Poinsett in saying
that the United States have had a perfect title to
the land since 1805 up to the present time; and
that the conveyance to these parties, in 1820,
under the Leavenwoith treaty, is invalid and
void, because the treaty was never ratified. This
House cannot then allow the claim unless they
intend to make a gratuity to these parties. I
think the Committee of "Ways and Means have
done right in recommending that the whole sec-
tion be stricken out. The agent who made the
treaty with the Sioux nation," ceding this land to
the llmted States, obtained the cession for a val-
uable consideration, which was subsequently paid
to the Siouxs, and they surely could not make
two good titles to different persons for the.same
lands. We hold the only valid title they ever
made; and I protest against paying the Faribaults
for a claim which has no foundation either in law,
equity, or morals.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Chairman, I have heard
every word that the gentleman from South Caro-
lina has said, and I say ditto. I now move that
the committee rise, with a view to terminate de-
bate upon these amendments.
The motion wns agreed to.
So the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro
I tempore [Mr. Piielps") having taken the chair,
i Mr. Grow reported that the Committee of the
I Whole on the state of the Union had had under
' consideration the Union generally, and particu-
, lorly thecml appropriation bill, and had directed
! him to report the same to the House with sundry
i amendments.
j Also, that the committee had had under con-
i si{|p ration the Senate's amendments to the Indian
I appropriation bill, and had come to no resolution
j thereon.
j Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for the pre-
| vious question on the bill making appropriations
for certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1857.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordeied to be put.
Mr. 1 {AVEN. I move that all further debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
Union on the Senate amendments to the Indian
appropriation bill be closed within five minutes
after its consideration shall be again resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
The SPEAKER pre tempore. The motion can
be entertained only by unanimous consent, the
main question having been ordered on bill No. 201.
There was no objection; and the question be-
ing taken, the motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, [Mr. Bocock in the chair.] and resumed
the consideration of the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The amendments
of the Senate aie numerous; and in order that we
may get through with them to-day, 1 move that
all concurred in by the Committee of Ways and
Means be agreed to en ?n«$se.
There was no objection; and the Clerk read
the amendments of the Senate agreed to by the
Committee of Ways and Means without amend-
ment; and they were concurred in.
The committee then ptoceeded to consider the
remaining amendments of the Senate.
