1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1125
brings upon me, sir, the disagreeable necessity,
the disagreeable duty, of referring to these can-
vass issues in order to sustain myself before this
House and before the country, in relation to these
indirect charges or insinuations. Sir, if this mat-
ter rested only with my constituents, I should
not have asked the indulgence of this House for
a moment to reply to this publication of the
Knoxville Register; for I had occasion on the 26th
of last December, pending the disorganization
of this House, to address a letter to my constitu-
ents defining my position, giving to them fully,
fairly, frankly, honestly, and truthfully, the
reasons which induced me to support the Demo-
cratic nominees for Speaker and other officers, in
the organization of this House. Three or four
thousand of these addresses have circulated
among my constituents, and they understand per-
fectly my position on this question. I handed
a copy of that address to my colleague from
the Knoxville district, and X also franked one
of the pamphlets to the editor of the Knoxville
Register, who makes these imputations and
indirect charges against me. The editor may not
have condescended to read that address, for if
he did it is impossible that he could have been
under the necessity of stating, as he does in
that paragraph, that "it is always best to know
exactly where a man stands." *
Now, sir, this publication brings up the facts
in relation to my political position. It directly
involves the supposition that I have abandoned
my former political principles in attaching my-
self as I have done—andas I stated in that address
on the 26th of last December—to the present great
national Democratic party of this country.
Sir, I have abandoned no principle which I
have heretofore professed. I have discarded no
doctrine upon which I stood during the four years
in which I held a seat upon this floor, commenc-
ing with the memorable contest of 1850. I came
into this House when I was first elected to a seat
upon this floor in 1849, upon the very question
upon which I now stand to-day I came to this
House in 1849, standing upon the great cardinal
principles upon which I have united myself to the
party organization with which I am now con-
nected—upon which the Democratic party stand
to-day as announced in the resolutions adopted
at the caucus held by that party at the commence-
ment of the present session.
I come here now advocating the doctrine of
non-intervention and popular sovereignty. The
first time I ever came to the Congress of the
United States I came advocating the doctrine of
non-intervention and popular sovereignty in ref-
erence to the Territories. Duringthe ever-mem-
orable contest of 1849-'50, I had the honor of
acting with some gentlemen who are now here,
and with other more distinguished statesmen now
passed from the stage of action, in maturing the
doctrine of non-intervention and popular sover-
eignty in the Territories of the United States, as
couched in the language of the Utah and New
Mexico bills in the compromise measures of 1850.
1 then, for the first time, took part in the political
events of this House; and as parlies seem to be
eliciting some interest at the present time, and as
an important election is approaching, which is
exciting a good deal of feeling throughout the
country, it is perhaps ]ust here well enough that
I should state the position with which I started in
the first contest in which I was actively engaged.
It will be remembered that the contest of 1844
was between a distinguished statesman of my own
State—now no more—who was elected President,
and a distinguished statesman from a sister State,
now no more. It was the last national contest
which was fought between the Whig and Demo-
cratic parties upon questions of principle purely.
I feel it due to myself that I should make these
remarks, for the reason that I once belonged to
the great Whig party of the country. I am proud
to have been an humble member of that great
party. 1 have had the honor to take an active
part in all the prominent political contests, both
State and National, in the State of Tennessee,
from the time when I became a legal voter down
to the present moment. I served twice upon the
electorn 1 ticket of that State. I have served m
the Legislature of my State; I have served foui-
years in Congress; and, if my life is spared until
the close of the present Congress. 1 shall then
have served six years in the Congress of the United
States. And, sir, I claim to understand, well the
political history of that State, and the history
of the political parties of that State. In the con-
test of 1848, almost the only principle which had
divided the two great parties which was made a
matter of discussion, was the veto power. But,
sir, I never in my life, either in the contest of
1848 or otherwise, made an argument against
the veto power. I was then an advocate of the
veto power; and subsequent events have con-
firmed me in the opinion, that it is an important
power which should be exercised whenever any
exigency occurs which requires its exercise.
In the congressional election which took place
the same year, I became a candidate for election
to a seat in this House to represent the second dis-
trict of Tennessee—now the district represented
by my honorable colleague from the Knoxville
district, [Mr. Ssteed.] There was no issue upon
any important principle between my competitor
and myself. 'Both of us took ground in favor of
non-intervention m the Teritories of the United
States, which had recently been acquired during
the Mexican war. I was elected to Congress; and
under the leadership of the distinguished states-
man, then the standard bearer and embodiment
of the Whig party, I aided in carrying out the
doctrine of non-intervention and popular sover-
eignty in the Territories, in the consummation of
the compromise measures of 1850. Upon those
identical principles I stand to-day—the principles
involved m the Kansas and Nebraska bill, and the
identical principles couched in the resolutions of
the Democratic party, adopted at the commence-
ment of the present session of Congress. I went
before the people of my district upon that princi-
ple. I discussed the doctrine of non-iuterven-
tion and popular sovereignty before them, and 1
was returned by the unprecedented majority of
seven thousand in thatdistrict. Upon that prin-
ciple I stand to-day before the House and the
country.
These are among the reasons which make it
necessary for me to make this personal explana-
tion. If I had regard only to my own constit-
uents, I should not have considered it necessary.
But, sir, I have many friends, whom I cherish
and love dearly, among my former constituents,
now the constituents 'of my distinguished cqj-
league from the Knoxville district, [Mr. Sneed-.]
Before the State of Tennessee was redistricted,
by which I was transferred to the district which I
have the honor now to represent, I was reelected,
as I have stated, by the unprecedented majority
of seven thousand votes; and while I believe 1
have very many friends in the district which I
have the honor now to represent, I have many
more in the district represented by my distin-
guished colleague, [Mr. Sxeed.] I feel it, there-
fore, due to them that the statement contained in
the paper from which I have read, which circu-
lates extensively in that district, should not be
allowed to poss without notice; and that a state-
mentmade, perhaps not by my colleague, but by
the editor, injurious to my reputation, should not
be allowed to go uncontradicted.
Sir, I would sooner to-day resign my seat on
this floor, and return to my plantation in Ten-
nessee, and to the bosom of my family, my
friends and constituents, than that the constitu-
ents of my honorable colleague should suppose
that I had abandoned the doctrine upon which I
have stood as the palladium of the Constitution,
and the bulwark that should preserve the Union
of these States.
Now, sir, I stand upon the same principles
upon which I have always stood. I have not
changed a single, solitary sentiment. I have
marched directly, and unwaveringly, from the
point at which I started when first elected to this
House, to the position I now occupy as connected
with the Democratic party of the House and the
country. Sir, the history of this, and of every
other countrv, proves that parties' names change,
policy changes, but principle is immutable; prin-
ciple never changes. I tome to Congress upon
the principle irobodied in the Kansas and JNe-
braska bill. I stand upon that principle to-day.
I am willing to acknowledge that I received a
portionof the Know Nothing vote in my district;
but, sir, I was elected on the principles of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill to hold a seat in this Hall.
I was elected on the identical principles of the
resolution adopted by the Democratic caucus of
members of this House at the commencement of
this session. Those principles I made the burden
of the contest; and so far from my being elected
by the Know Nothing party—I use the term be-
cause it is found in this publication, and I prefer
to reply to it specifically—so far from my being'
elected by that party in any one county', I was,
perhaps, as sternly and as fiercely opposed by it
in my district as any man has been. I did re-
ceive a portion of the Know Nothing vote of my
district, but only the votes of those who preferred
a settlement of the vexed slavery question on the
principles of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. They '
preferred that issue to Know Nothingism. My
colleague, then, is mistaken in the assumption
that I received the Know Nothing, or even a ma-
jority of that vote, in any county of my district.
He is equally mistaken in the supposition that I
would not have been elected if I had not received
the Know Nothing vote. Nor is he any more
correct in his supposition that I have abandoned
any party or principle to which I was attached
before I came here to act with the Democratic
party.
I dislike .exceedingly to refer to the difficulties
of the canvass, but it is my duty to do so—a duty
which I owe to my political integrity—a duty
which I owe to my record in this House—a duty
which I owe to my constituents—to my friends,
whether in my own district, in Tennessee, or
anywhere in the country—a duty which I owe to
my family—a duty which I owe to myself. I am
not prepared to.say what number of Know Noth-
ing votes I did receive—I use the term Know
Nothing with no feeling of derision or disrespect.
Nor am I prepared to say whether that party
nominated or not the gentleman who ran against
me. I know nothing of what occurred in the
consultations of that organization. As I stated
in the address to my constituents, to which I have
referred, I had the misfortune to have myself in-
volved in difficulty with the Know Nothing party
of my district. Like thousands of others, 1 was
induced, by representations made to me, to allow
myself to be initiated into that organization when
it was first made in Tennessee. From that simple
circumstance alone, the controversy which has
grown up in my district, and been brought into
this House, took its origin. But, sir, I repeat
that I knew nothing of the doings of that party.
I preserved every obligation of the initiation. I
discussed the doctrines of the Tennessee platform.
Tliey were the matter of contest m Tennessee. I
stood by them because they were the principles
of the compromise of 1850, for which^I had
voted. They were the principles of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill and the resolutions passed in
caucus by the Democrats of this Congress. True,
there was a great deal of verbiage about the res-
olutions of that platform. There were resolu-
tions in favor of the revolutionary war, of the
Declaration of American Independence, of the
Constitution of the United States, and of the
Bible. Resolutions were there in favor of what
everybody was for—everybody in this country
and elsewhere, for aught I know. The only poli-
tical resolution in the platform was one which
came fair up to the position of the Democratic
party on the compromise measures of 1850, and
the Kansas-Nebraska bill of 1854. I had been in
the compromise Congress of 1850; I had voted
for the admission of California as a free State;
for the organization of territorial governments
for Utah and New Mexico—indeed for all the
compromise measures of 1850. 1 voted for the
Washington territorial bill. Though not in
Congress when the Kansas bill was introduced,
I was prepared for the principles it contains. I
had watchcd the progress of these principles, day
and night, in Congress. I saw the consummation
of our endeavors in the compromise measures of
1850. I felt that no man who had been in favor
of those measures could consistently withhold his
vote for the Kansas-Nebraska bill. I supported
that bill. I fought the battle in my district on it,
and I was elected. And so far from my not being
able to come to Congress without Know Nothing
votes, I would have been elected by at least
fifteen hundred votes if the question of Know
Nothingism had never come into the contest. It
the contest had been on the constitutional, legal,
and political doctrines of that bill alone, my ma-
jority would not have been less than fifteen
hundred.
