1896.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
AAA
OOV
34th CoNe....lst Sess. Kansas Legislative PetitiauF--Mr. Jones, of Tennetsce, Mr. Toucey, etc.
Senate.
defect in tbe constitution of Kansas, something
which he would probably like to have in that
constitution and winch other gentlemen would
object to. Suppose the fact to bis one way or the
other, what difference does it make now? Why
was it dragged into this debate to illustrate any
objection to this petition ? What difference can
it make m regard to this question whether they
have provided or not that free negroes shall not
abide in Kansas ?
The Senator from Illinois tells us that such a
clause in their constitution would be objection-
able to some gentlemen here. He does not tell
w whether or not he would like such a provision
in the constitution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can state now.
Mr. WADE. I do not care about knowing.
It is entirely immaterial on either side. Why,
then, sir, drag into this debate matters which have
no connection with it? Is it because you were
driven from the real merits of the controversy ?
Really, it seems to me that there is nothing in
this whole matter, which has cost us one day.
I was reluctant to participate in the debate ori-
ginally, but 1 could not remain silent when I saw
a gentleman petitioning this body, impeached so
violently of such great crimes as were insinuated
against this petitioner, without attempting to re-
pel them.
Mr. President, I have now a word to say to my
colleague. He says that he has utterly abandoned
those emigrants from Ohio who have gone into
Kansas, and he seems to assail me for having
asserted that 1 would stand up here or elsewhere
in defense of their rights. The people of Ohio
will judge between us, and say which is right.
Sir, citizens of Ohio have been murdered in cold
blood in Kansas, and those who murdered them
are, I understand, in office under the General
Government to-day. So far from being called
in question for these acts of murder, they have
the high commission of the present Executive in
their pockets. This is what I have understood,
and I believe it to be true. As to the murder
there is no question.
But, as the Executive has pretended that he
had no authority to defend these people, the
question is, what will be done? When the Ex-
ecutive refuses or feels its arm too short to protect
the people of a Territory, and they are system-
atically assailed by the people of a neighboring
State, and overborne, abused, villified, and no
steps taken to vindicate their rights, I tell the gen-
tleman, as a citizen of Ohio, that so far as my
voice or my arm can go in their defense, they
shall have it. If one State will assail, and the Fed-
eral Government will not interpose her arm to
prevent it, but will leave the citizens of a Terri-
tory exposed to the inroads of a whole State, I
say it is right that the other States should inter-
pose, and I leave the consequence with God. This
m where 1 stand on this question; this is where
the people stand. The present feeble vacillating
Administration must stand guilty of all that shaD
follow its imbecility, or worse than imbecility.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
do not propose to take any part in this debate,
but I think I can correct the position which was
assumed by the Senator from New Hampshire.
He changes the tactics of this fight a little by
assuming that we are not called upon to-day to
receive the memorial coming from the self-styled
Legislature of Kansas, but that we are simply to
act on the reception of the memorial of an indi-
vidual citizen who feels himself aggrieved by the
action Of the Senate. If this were the real position
of the question, I might possibly vote to receive
his memorial; but there is no such separation be-
tween the two, as the Senator from New Hamp-
shire assumes. They are presented as parts of
the same thing; and if you receive the one, you
necessarily receive the other. If you receive the
petition of Mr. Lane, you not only receive the
memorial which was withdrawn and sent out of
tbe Senate the other day, but you receive another
paper, which he is pleased to term the original;
and from which the document presented to the
8enator from Michigan purports to be an extract
or an identical copy. Let me read from Mr.
Lane's memorial:
" Herewith, aad u part of tWa memorial, Is appended tks
original draft authenticated, of tbe memorial referred to, as
reported by the chairman or the committee, Mr. Hutchin-
son ; adopted by the General Assembly; referred to the
i committee on revision; intrusted to your memorialist,
t and from which the revised copy which was submitted to
your honorable body was prepared."
No man can doubt for a single moment that
the original is a part of this memorial. The
memorialist states it in terms. He says " here-
with, and as part of this memorial, is appended
the original draft," which 1 now hold in my hand.
Then what becomes of the other draft, which he
says is a fair transcript of the original, being a
part of his memorial ? You have to receive that
if you receive his. He says:
" With this explanation and exhibit, which your memo-
rialist trusts will be satisfactory, he, on behalf of the pro-
visional legislative bodies of Kansas, prays you to receive
again the memorial with which he is charged by them, being
the one which was submitted by General Cass, and grant
• the prayer therein expressed, to admit Kansas into the Union
with her present constitution, on an equal footing with the
I other Slates."
! Now, I submit to the Senator from New Hamp-
' shire himself, and to every man, if we receive
the one paper, do we not receive the others at the
< same timer He sets it out here, and prays you to
' receive it. He says the original is part of his
memorial. He sends the transcript, and asks you
to receive it, and grant the prayer therein con-
tained. If you receive the one, I think you are
bound to receive all.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it does not seem
to me to be possible that there can be any
sophistry whicii can mislead anybody upon so
simple a proposition. This paper is a petition
which refers to certain other papers by way of
narrative, and prays that they may be made a
part of this gentleman's memorial. For what
purpose? For the purpose of completing the
narrative which he submits; and,then,in conclu-
sion, he presents his distinct prayer. Now, sir,
the Senator from Tennessee is a lawyer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Not much of a
one.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, I have nothing to say-
about that since I have heard the speech which
the Senator just made, but I would not have per-
mitted anybody to say that of him before he
made that speech. [Laughter.] Does not the
Senator know that frequently it becomes neces-
sary in petitioning courts, or legislative bodies,
to set out notes, judgments, acts of Congress, acts
of Legislatures, acta of foreign Governments, acts
of the Executive—for what? Simply by way of
narrative to illustrate the state of affairs upon
which the petitioner bases the petition which he
submits to you—that is all—and when you
receive that, it is true, that in point of fact you
receive the memorial; but what is the memorial
which you do receive ? Suppose you receive this
petition of Colonel Lane, doyou receive the me-
morial of the Legislature of Kansas ? In a certain
sense you do; you receive it as Colonel Lane has
embodied it, and made it a part of the story which
he tells. Suppose Colonel Lane had said that
the Legislature of Kansas did so and so, and
suppose he had set out their memorial in totidtm
verbis in his petition, it would be distinct and
apparent that he intended it only as a narrative;
but when he brings the paper here, and says that
he prays that it may be taken as part of his
memorial, everybody knows that it is one of the
common modes of a draughtsman in drawing up
a petition to prevent a great labor of the man who
makes it; and to prevent the petition from being
too cumbersome, he refers to a certain paper,and
prays that it may be taken as a part of his memo-
rial. This is what Colonel Lane has done here.
When you receive it, you receive it as such, as
part of the narrative wnich he relates, as part of
the story which he tells; but when you come to
look at it, and see what he prays for, you find
that his prayer is, that you will receive that me-
morial; but when you receive that request, do
you grant it ? That is idle. He asks you to re-
: ceive this petition and you refuse; he asks you
to receive the petition which two or three days
since you refused to receive; he asks you to re-
consider that decision. He states the facts. Now
! you refuse to receive his explanation and his
| statement of facts. It seems to me that I must
j make myself intelligible to every mind.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire allow me at this point to .submit a
proposition?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. Suppose the memorial were
received by the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, what question would be
submitted to the committee? Would it be the
auestion of whether Colonel Lane, in presenting
lis memorial, had done so truthfully and accu-
rately; or would it be the question of admitting
Kansas as a free State ?
Mr. HALE. I will answer the Senator, and
1 will answer him in the words of Colonel Lane's
petition: " With this explanation and exhibit
which your memorialist trusts will be satisfac-
tory, he, on behalf of the provisional legislative
j bodies of Kansas, prays you"—not to receive the
' State into the Union, but prays you " to receive
again the memorial with which he is charged."
This is the prayer of his memorial. When you
receive it and refer it to a committee, the com-
mittee may report that Colonel Lane's explana-
tion is satisfactory, and that the memorial with
which he is charged ought to be received; or they
may report that his explanation is not satisfac-
tory, that the paper is not genuine, and ought not
to be received. His prayer is that it be received;
and this would be a perfectly competent legisla-
tive report for the committee to make.
Mr. BUTLER. I should be glad to ask the
fentleman one question, if he will allow me to
o so.
Mr. HALE. Certainly; I should be glad to
hear it.
Mr. BUTLER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire generally presents his points quite
clearly enough to be understood; or, at least, he
is not easily mistaken. I wish to ask him whether
he would now, in violation of the rule of the
Senate, receive a memorial without a signature,
or a memorial not having the genuine signatures
of those purporting to be upon it ? Now, inde-
pendently of all those other questions, would he
receive such a memorial ?
Mr. HALE. No, I would not.
Mr. BUTLER. What, then, is the character
of this memorial which he wants to introduce
here through this ruse J
Mr. HALE. I beg pardon; I say 1 want that
very question submitted to the committee, to
know whether there isanyrtoe—to know whether
there is any fraud. Have I answered the ques-
tion ?  
Mr. BUTLER. Not as well as you generally
do.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I think that
the device which is resorted to in order to intro-
duce again the petition which was rejected on
Thursday last, is not the least extraordinary thing
that has been done in reference to this subject. A
memorial was presented which, by an almost
unanimous vote of the Senate, was virtually re-
jected; and after that vote of the Senate the
memorial was withdrawn by the honorable Sen-
ator who presented it. Now, if I understand, a
private gentleman has made a written request that
we shall receive that memorial and grantits prayer.
Suppose this device should succeed, and a memo-
rial should be presented here to-day, and rejected
unanimously, and any gentleman to-morrow,
outside, should present a written request to the
Senate that it would receive that memorial and
grant its prayer. According to the argument on
the other side of the House the Senate is bound
to receive it. If it is received and referred to the
committee, what is the question before the com-
mittee ? Is it whether that memorial shall be
received ? It is a part of the petition now pre-
sented. It is a part of the prayer of that petition
that Kansas may be admitted as a free State.
Why, sir, it is a mere evasion of the decision
of the Senate by an almost unanimous vote.
What does Colonel Lane ask the Senate to do?
Is it anything more or less than to grant tho
prayer of his petition, the substance of which is,
that, upon receiving thispretended memorial from
the so-called State of Kansas, we shall admit
Kansas as a free State? Tt is not the memorial
of the State of Kansas, or of the Territory of
Kansas. If it were, I should be entirely opposed
