m
^ GLOBE.
[AprH 14,
34i*a Cong....1st Se«s.
Kansas Legislative Petition—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
to it, because it assumes that Kansas is a State,
and is ready to be admitted into the Union, when
the fact is not so.
Sir, Senators on the other side of the Chamber
feel oppressed by this question. When the so-
called constitution of Kansas is presented here,
ihey say it is a provisional constitution. On
looking at it, however, you find there is not a
syllable in it making it a provisional constitu-
tion. On its fe.ee it purports to be adopted by
the people of the State of Kansas. The conven-
tion ordered it to be submitted to the people, and
they nay it has been submitted to the people and
adopted by them. They ordered the pretended
Legislature elected under it to assemble on a
particular day. They did assemble. Now, I
say, that when gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber contend that this is a provisional con-
stitution, it is their own language only. The
instrument itself is absolute and purports to over-
turn the existing Government. It is in defiance
of the few of Congress; in defiance of the con-
stituted authorities of the Territory; and upon
its face is insurrection and rebellion against the
existing Government. I should on that ground
object entirely to this petition; but as to treating
it as the petition of Colonel Lane, that he may
aik that the memorial which we have rejected
"may be received and its prayer granted,! say,
it would be a mere evasion of the decisiqn which
the Senate made on Thursday, when the question
was fully considered.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Connecticut [Mr. Toucey] is kind enough to
tell us that Senators on this side of the Chamber
feel pressed bythe aspect the Kansas question
has assumed. That honorable Senator was never
more mistaken. From the hour the startling
proposition to repeal the Missouri prohibition was
made down to this moment, the Senators on this
side of the Chamber have not been pressed by any
aspect the Kansas question has assumed before
the Senate or the country. I doubt very much,
sir, whether the Senator from Connecticut, or his
associates on the other side of the Chamber, can
Bay as much.
The Senator from Illinois has endeavored to-
day to*put some of us in a false position in regard
to this question. The Senator asserts that there
was a separate provision in regard to colored per-
sons submitted to the people of Kansas, and, if
adopted, to become a part of -the constitution of
Kansas. Now, sir, we deny the fact. There
were three questions submitted to the people of
Kansas by the constitutional convention. The
first question was on the adoption or rejection of
the constitution itself. The second was a prop-
osition in regard to banking, which, if adopted,
was to become a part of the constitution of Kan-
sas. The third proposition was concerning the
admission of colored persons into the State; and
this, if adopted, waa not to becdme a part of the
constitution, but to be a vote binding on the first
Legislature assembling under that constitution
ana no other. It was simply a proposition to
take the sense of the people on the exclusion of
colored persons from tlie State, and to operate
merely as an instruction on the first Legislature.
"I understand that to be the precise and exact
position of this question.
The Senator undertakes to make a charge on
us of inconsistency in regard to this provision
I say to the Senator, that I am opposed to any
such provision in the constitution of Kansas, or
of any other State, or in the laws of Kansas, or
the laws of any other State. I regard such a
"provision as ahti-Democratic, unchristian, and
inhuman, a violation of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, and the Constitution of the United !
States. I believe that the good sense, the patri-
otism, the sense of justice of the American people
■will blot it out in every free State, and that it will
yet be blotted out, after slavery is abolished, in
every slave State in this Union. Is the honorable
Senator from Illinois in favor of such a provision
in this constitution ? If he is, I am not. I deeply
regret that the people of Kansas adopted it as an
instruction; but it is not in their constitution, and
we are not called upon to vote upon that question.
The Senator often talks to us about " abolition
agitators," and " abolitionism." The honorable
Senator knows as Vrell as I know, that Senators
on this side of the Chamber claim to be opposed to
the extension of slavery and to the connection of
slavery with the Federal Government; but they
do not claim the right to interfere, and they do
not propose to interfere, with slavery in the slave
States. Everywhere, in public and in private, on
all occasions, this is their position: that the ques-
tion of slavery in the fifteen States of this Union
; is a question for the people of each and every one
of those States to settle in their own time, and in
their own way, without any interference by the
national Government, or from any Other States,
South or North; but we see nopower in the Con-
stitution of the United States to establish slavery,
or to permit the people of the Territories to estab-
lish it in the Territories. We are opposed to as-
, sumingthat power, or permitting the Territories,
' until after they come into the Union and become
sovereign States, to exercise that power in our
name, and with our sanction.
Sir, this is not the first time, during the present
session, that the Senator from Illinois nas indulged
in the profuse use of mere partisan catch-words.
These partisan phrases, I tell the honorable Sen-
ator frankly, are unworthy of him and of the
Senate. He talks again to-day about "Black
Republicans." This is a favorite phrase of the
honorable Senator from Illinois. I do not know
whether he intends this phrase as a term of
reproach to Senators on this side of the Chamber,
to one and a quarter million of patriotic men, or
not. If he does, we accept it, and we accept the
issues tendered by the honorable Senator; and in
the contest between " Black Republicanism" and
Border Ruffian Democracy we are ready to trust
the people of the United States; and we shall see
in the future, as We have in the past, who truly
reflect the sentiments, upon this question, of the
intelligent people of the country.
It has been our fortune, for the last two years,
! to see the champions of the repeal of the Mis-
1 souri prohibition go down before the outraged
sentiments of a betrayed and indignant people.
In the words of Burke, we have'seen them "felling
one by one, an unwilling sacrifice in an inglorious
struggle." Sir, we are willing to trust the future;
and, if I am not mistaken in the public judgment
of the country, we are yet to witness those same
disappearances from the councils of the nation
that have marked the history of the past two
years.
What I complain of the honorable Senator—
and I do it in no spirit of unkilidness—is the use
of those words. They are words that conveyto
a portion of the people of the country false im-
pressions in regard to our position, and the posi-
tion of the people we represent, and the honor-
able Senator from Illinois knows this to be so.
Sir, this course is -Unworthy of him. He should
leave such petty warfare to little men.
Now, sir, I shall vote for the reception of this
petition from Colonel Lane, whether its reception
carries with it the other memorials or not. That
is not the question. The other day a memorial
was here puroorting to come from the members
of the Legislature of Kansas. That memorial
was rejected. Charges were not only made against
Colonel Lane, but they were made against the
honorable Senator from New York, and other
Senators, of complicity, with deception, fraud,
and falsehood, in this matter. Now, Colonel
Lane comes here to-day by a petition; he comes
| here under the solemnities of an oath, taken
before one of the judges of the Supreme Court of
1 the United States. He gives you an explanation
of all the matters in dispute, and this explanation
proves that there is no fraud, no falsehood, no
i forgery, no deception. Why, sir, it amounts to
this: that a Legislature assembling out in the
j wilds of Kansas; assembling in haste, acting in
I haste; threatened bythe Executive with the army
of the United States; denounced by the Dem-
ocratic party throughout the United States as
traitors; denounced by the public press of the
country, misrepresented ana assailed, commis-
sioned a gentleman to draft a memorial to this
Congress; that that memorial was crudely drawn;
that it was not a perfect document; that it was
submitted to a committee to be revised; that three
lists of names were prepared to be appended to
three copies when it should be perfectea-and com-
pleted; and that, in accordance with this vote,
the memorial was changed and modified until it
assumed the form in which it reached the Sen-
ate the other day. This is the precise and exact
attitude of this question, which gives the Sena-
tors on the other side of this Chamber so much
trouble.
Now, sir, what is there criminal in all this ?
Nothing. There is nothing like fraud or decep-
tion in the matter. It may be explained under
the circumstances, and explained in away which
shall not implicate the honor, truth, or fidelity of
any man in Kansas, or any person connected with
it here. Sir, it is because there is a malignant
spirit in the land to plant slavery in that Terri-
tory—to Africanize Kansas; and that malignant
spirit is determined to put a brand on Colonel
Lane, on this petition, and on the people of
Kansas.
Sir, I have respect for the power of the Senate
of the United States, and for the President of the
United States, but the people of the United States
are greater than the President, and greater than
the Senate. You may denounce the people of
Kansas, and brand them here, but they are sus-
tained by the warm, generous sympathies of the
people, who know what justice is. We have
been told to-day by the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] that when a Democrat acts
with the anti-Nebraska movement—when he acts
in favor of the protection of the people of Kansas,
or their admission into this Union—for that is
about the amount of it—he is no longer a Dem-
ocrat, and the sooner he drops the name the
better. Well, sir, I agree with the Senator that
the sooner he follows the spirit and repudiates the
letter of Democracy the better.
The honorable Senator from Illinois throws ourt
the same idea in reference to distinguished Dem-
ocrats who have rendered the Democracy services
in other days. Sir, I am proud to know that men
who stood by the administration of Andrew Jack-
son—who stood by the doctrines proclaimed on
the floor of the Senate on the Michigan question,
by Silas Wright, by James Buchanan, and by
tne chiefs of the Democracy, are now preserving
their consistency, and maintaining the same doc-
trines in regard to Kansas. The people have got
to decide whethter these men, in whose bosoms
live the spirit and doctrines of Jefferson—men
who stood with Jackson, and Van Buren, and
Wright, and Buchanan, in vindication of the
rights of the people of Michigan—are the expo-
nents of Democracy; or whether these new doc-
trines, which have had their origin in a political
necessity—for they were born of a political neces-
sity—are hereafter to be the doctrines of the
country, or of the Democracy of the country.
Sir, the truth of this matter, when the Kansas*
committee comes back, will go to the country; it
will verify all that we have said in regard to that
Territory. In the session of 1852 and 1853, the
honorable Senator froin Illinois reported a bill
for the organisation of the Territory of Nebraska,
including the present Kansas, and it.had no pro-
vision for repealing the prohibition of slavery in
that Territory. It was the idea of the'honorable
■Senator at that time, that no " ruthless hand
could touch that sacred prohibition." The time
had come to settle ahd orennize that vast domain,
and the Senator from Illinois, recognizing the
" fixed fact," that Congress, on the sixth day of
March, 1820, had declared that " slavery shall
be and is forever prohibited," proposed to organize
it for freedom and free institutions. But that bill
was defeated. David R. Atchison, a man eulo-
gized here for his thousand virtues, went home
to Missouri; and in the Summer of 1853 there
was organized in Western Missouri, secret
lodges, sworn and pledged to carry slavery into
Kansas, in spite of that prohibition of 1820.
These secret lodges knew that the time had come
to settle th6se rich lands in Kansas and Nebraska,
and they resolved to plant slavery there. These
secret societies were organized under the leader-
ship of the then President of the Senate, the man
who has been, and who is this day the chieftain
of the Border Ruffian Democracy, under whom
the Senator from Illinois and the chiefs at the
other end of the avenue are mere lieutenants.
General Atchison came here in December,
1853. If we can rely upon his own statements,
