2000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 9.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
For first of ten equal annual installments, in lieu of
former treaty stipulations, to be paid per capita to the Grand
t'wr Ottowas, per second article of the treaty of 31st July,
1853j $3,oUJ.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment, with the following amendment:
Provided^ Tnatno part of the appropriations for the Otto-
was and Cuipp  was of Michigan shall be expended uniil
the absent of said 'ndians to the Senate amendments to
said treaty shall first be obtained.
The amendment was agreed to; and the Senate
amendment as amended was concurred in.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
" For expenses of the examination and adjustment, by
duectfon ofiije Secretary of Hie interior, oflots allotted to
the Stockbri'liiiis, under the net of3d March. 1843, per thir-
teenth article of tho treaty of 5th February, 1853, $750.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means ha^e recommended a concurrence in
the amendment, with the following amendment:
Provided, That no part of the appropriations for the
Stockbridges and Manxes slrill be expended until the as-
sent of said Indians to the Senate amendments to said
treaty shall fimoe obtained.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the Senate amendment as amended was
concurred in.
Forty-third amendment:
For the sronernl incidental expenses of the Indian service
in the Temtory oi New Mexico, $12,500.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment of the Senate with the following
amendment:
A.'tci the word ".Mexico," strike out the words'* $12,500,"
and insert as mllow-,:
And m making to the Indians, in said Tei ntory, presents
of good-, ajineuliural implement-, and other useiul artieles,
and in them to locate in peimaiicnt abodes, and
sustain themselves by the pursuits oi civilized li!o, to be
expended under the direction of the Secietary of the Inte-
rior, ,^47,5^0.
The amendment to the nmendment was agreed :
to; and the Senate amendment as amended was
concurred in.
Fifty-fifth amendment:
For the payment to the children of John Connoly, being
interest on at mx p'ir centum per annum, ho'ni Janu-
ary 1, 1838, to May 1, 1835, pur fiuh article oi ihe uoaty
of September 28, lti33, with the Sacs and Foxes of Missis-
sippi, $2>)S
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means lecommcnd a concurrence in the
Senate amendment with the following amend-
ment:
Stiike out the whole of said amendment, and inscft in
lieu thereof as, follow.- :
i or payment oi interest to the childien of John Connolv,
deceased, on the -um of^OU, secured to said John Connoly,
decea-ed, by the dull uuich: oi the tieaty oi September
1835, with tiie Sacs, and Forces of Mi-.- i-Mpjn, buch binu ot
money a-, may he neco^aiy i-> hereby nppiopnated.
The amendment was agreed to; and the Senate
amendment as amended was concurred in.
Fifty-seventh amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to redeem the
pledges ot Governor D. Meriwether, in the articles recently
negotiated by him, under instructions given m puiMianceof
the act ot' Congress making appropuutiuns to defiav the
CXp-'n^CH of said negotiations, made to the tubes and hand*
respectively, with whom peaceable relations have been
detiiiitei> agreed on and now exist, m making to said Indians
piesfMjrs o/ goods, agiicuhural implements, and oilier useiul
articles, and in assisting them to locatc m permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the puisuits of civilized
life, .-630,000.
Mr. PHELPS, The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a non-concurrence in this
amendment. 1 will explain. This amendment
and the forty-third have been consolidated, and
the committee has already adopted the forty-third
amendment, with the modification which was
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The amendment of the Senate was non-con-
curred m.
Fifty-eighth amendment:
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That if any person who
lias been removed from the [ndian eountiy under the pro-
visionaot tlie tenth section of the act ot Congress, appioved
the 3Jth of June, 1834, entitled "An act to regulate trade
and intercourse with the Indian tribe.s, and preserve peace
on the IronueiSj" s>imu thereaitcr, at any time, return or be
Xuuud w ithin the Indian territory, such offender bhall forfeit
and pay the sum ot $1,0W.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a non-concur-
rence.
The amendment was non-concurred in. ,
Fifty-ninth amendment:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, in settling the
aeeounts of Thomas J Henley, superintendent of Indian
affans in California, the accounting ofifceis of the Treas-
ury be, and they ate hereby, authorized to allow him the
amounts he actually paid to mtcrpictera during the years
of 1854 and 1855, and tho amount of $750 dollars paid by
him to Saunders and lirenham, for interest on money
advanced by them on account of the Indian service in
California, upon his producing satisfactory vouchers for
these expenditures.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. DENVER. I hope that the recommend-
ation of the Committee of Ways and Alcans will
not he concurred in. It provides for the payment
to the superintendent of Indian affairs in Cali-
fornia, of money which he has actually paid out,
and which was necessary to be paid in order to
keep up the service. I trust the amendment will
not be stricken out.
The amendment was non-concurrcd in.
Sixtieth amendment:
Sec 4. -And le it further enacted, That the act of the
27th of Februaiy. 1851, fixing the late of compensation for
interpreters, as far as n relates to California, be, and the
same is hcieby, repealed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixty-first amendment:
Sec. 5. Jind he xt/wither cnncted, That, in the aspign-
jl merit or transfer of warrants issued, or hereafter to be
ji issued, to the Cieck* and Sermnolcs of Black Dirt's patty,
!, the agent of said Indians may recoioii/,o, in certifying to
ji the validity oi" such transfers or assignment, sueh amounts
fi as he mav hu satisfied have been previously advanced to
'! the warrantees or their icpiesentntive*, m good laith, as
'j part of the purchase money thereof, and con&idciation
thereloi, oithoi in money or goods.
jj Mr. CAMPBELL. Tho Committor of Ways
\< and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
!j Air. GREENWOOD. I desire to submit a
remark or two in reference to that amendment.
My attention was called to the reasons given by
the Senator who is at the head of the Committee
on Indian Affairs of the Senate, at tho time this
amendment was offered there. I would like
to know what reasons moved the committee to
recommend a non-concurrcnce in this amend-
ment? According to the regulations which now
exist, I can see no objection to it. According to
the rules of the Senate, the Senate had a perfect
right to place the amendment upon this bill. If,
therefore, according to the rules of the Senate,
they h^d that right, there is no reason for the
committee of Ways and Means to ask the House
to reject it simply upon the ground that the
amendment does not comport with the rules of
this House. If the Senate has acted properly, I
imagine the House will not take it upon them-
selves to reject the amendment simply because
tii-^ Senate thought proper to embrace it in a bill
of this kind.
There is a great necessity, as I understand it,
for the adoption of the amendment proposed by
the Senate. There are Indians now in this city—
men who stand at the head of affairs m their re-
spective nations, who are unable to control the
land warrants due to them at this time by the
Government, unless this proposition is adopted.
They are men of intelligence, of age, of expe-
rience, and are as capable of controlling their own
affairs as I am, or any other gentleman upon this
floor. Their warrants are withheld from them,
and they cannotdispose of them, when they could
get much mote for them in this market than they
could anywhere else. I ask the Committee of
Ways and Means to withdraw their recommenda-
tion, and allow tins amendment to be adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. The, Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence, be-
cause, in the first place, the amendment is in an
improper bill; secondly, because it is improper
legislation. It does not endeavoj* to carry out the
object which the gentleman from Arkansas seems
to think was designed by the Senate amendment.
I wish to call the attentiorfof the committee to the
phraseology of this amendment:
And be it farther cnatted, That, in the assignment or
transfer of warrants issued, or hereafter to be issued, to the
satisfied have been previously advanced to the warrantees,
or their representatives, in good faith, as part of the pur-
chase-money thereof, and consideration therefor, either in
money or goods.
By a regulation respecting the assignment of
land warrants, the Indians may go before the In-
dian agent and make an assignment—but here
seems to be an intent by legislation to have pre-
vious verbal contracts between Indians and white
men recognized,and to coerce the Indians to sell
their warrants for the price of these'invalid con-
tracts, when they have received any advances in
I Creeks and. Seimnoles of illack Dirt's party, the agent of
; *uid Indians may recognize, in certifying to the validity of
\ such transfers or assignments, such amounts as he may be
Mr. GREENWOOD. I will explain the mat-
ter in one word. The purpose of the amendment
is not to defraud the Indians, nor is it to permit
the Senate to perpetrate a fraud upon anybody;
but it is simply to enable the Indians, intelligent
men, who have made contracts in reference to
warrants, to carry out those contracts in good
faith. That is all, and nothing more.
Mr. PHELPS. I would ask the gentleman
from Arkansas whether or not the existing law
does not permit the Indians to make assignments
of land warrants when made before the Indian
a°"cnt'
°Mr. GREENWOOD. No, sir; but in order to
enable the agent to give the certificate required b)
law, such a provision as this is absolutely neces-
sary. The value of a land warrant worth eighty
dollars will not justify a man in going all over tho
country to hunt up testimony.
Mr. PHELPS. In other words, the provision
is to legalize an act which is not now legal. A
party has made a verbal contract with an Indian
for a land warrant hereafter to be issued. That
contract is, by the laws of the United States,
invalid. It would even be invalid with a white
man.
The question was taken ; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Sixty-second amendment:
See. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Interior be requued to pav to Spunk, or Bald Frog, alias
Joseph Ilen.son, the amount of $400 for his valuation of an
impio\cinent under the Cherokee tieaty of 1835, m pursu-
ance of the provision of the twenty-fouith section of the act
of Match 3, 1855, making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence in that
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixty-third amendment:
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That, in addition to
the number now allowed by law, the President be author-
ized to appoint one Indian agent, east of the Rocky Mount-
ains, at a salary of $1,500.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. PRINGLE. I should like to know from
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means the reason for recommending a non-con-
currence? I understand it has the sanction of
the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The reason is this, that
it is creating an office in an appropriation bill,
which is contrary to the rules of the House and
the rules that have controlled the Committee of
Ways and Means, notwithstanding we have been
chargcd with absorbing legislation.
Mr. PRINGLE. The objection raised by the
Committee of Ways and Means applies only to
this House. There are no rules m the Senate
restricting them from making an amendment of
this sort to an appropriation bill; and when it
comes here from the Senate we are to judge of it
on its merits. This is a case where the Secretary
of the Interior has supposed the creation of this
office necessary, in order to manage the affairs of
the Indians.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
Sixty-fourth amendment:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the lnterioi be authorized and required to cause an inves-
tigation to be had otthc claims for depiedations hy Indiana
in the Terntory of New Mexico that may have been made,
and report to the next session ot Congress, or as soon as
practicable, the facts m each ease, and particularly enumer-
ating such as come within the prov^ions of the intercourse
law, and for which, mills opinion, indemnity should be pro-
vided by Congress.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend non-concurrence.
Mr. OTERO. I hope the gentleman from Ohio
