1866.)
AFPSfifDIX TO THE CWGW8&J&H&1'
801
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Legislative Petition—Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
■.J. to a public meeting in Atohisoh, Kan sua,
published in the St. Louis papers, and never
denied by him, to my knowledge, he submitted
the proposition to the Senator from Illinois, to
bring- in a bill to repeal the Missouri compromise
or allow him to resign the Presidency of the Sen-
ate and take the chairmanship of the Committee
on Territories. He boasted in Atchison, Kansas,
that he vras the leader in that repeal; that the
Senator from Illinois took time to consider his
proposition, and consented to bring in a repealing
Dill. The Senator from Illinois followed tnelead ;
of this great chieftain, whom the Administration
and the border ruffians alike follow to-day; for
he is their guide, their leader, and their chieftain.
That measure was carried through Congress; and
then, before any man from New England entered
Kansas, it was resolved by members of the Glue
Lodges of Missouri, that they should be removed
• out of that Territory.
One thing is shown, that from the commence-
ment the object was to plant slavery there; and
the men who voted for the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
whatever excuses they may have given to quiet
their own consciences, put in peril the heritage
of the laboring men of this country, who looked
to those vast regions as their future homes. That
object has presided over the councils of this
nation; it brought here those extraordinary mes-
sages of the Chief Magistrate, and it manifests
itself in all our deliberations in both Houses of
Congress.
The Senator from Illinois may denounce us as
Black Republicans, as Abolition Agitators, if he
thinks such language worthy of the Senate or
of himself; but tie issue is being made up in the
country between the people and the slave propa-
ganda. He told us the other day that he in-
tended to subdue us. I ray to that Senator, we
accept your issue. Nominate some one of your
scarred veterans; some one who is committed,
fully committed, to your policy. You want a
candidate that is scarred with your battles. Well,
sir, if he goes into the battle of 1856, be will not
come out of it without scars. You have made
the issue; put your chieftains at the head—no man
fitter to lead than the honorable Senator himself
in this contest; for his position has the merit at
least of being bold; and I like a bold, brave man
who stands by his declarations. Now, I say to
Senators on the other side of the Chamber, we
will accept your issues. You may sneer at us as
Abolition agitators. That may have some little
effect in some sections of the North, but very little'
indeed. We have passed beyond that. The
people of this country are being educated up to
a standard above all these little sneering phrases.
We will accept your issue, but you will not, Can-
not subdue us. I tell the honorable Senator he
may vote us down, but subdue us never. We
belong to a race of men that never were subdued,
and if anybody undertakes that work he will find
he has taken rather a costly contract. Subdue
us! Subdue us! Sir, you may vote us down,
but we stand with the fathers. Our cause is the
cause of human nature. The star of duty shines
upon our pathway, and we will pursue that path-
way, looking back for instructions to the great
men who founded theinstitutkms of the Republic,
looking up to Him whose "hand moves the stars
and. heaves the pulses of the deep." I tell the-Sen-
ator that this talk about subduing us and conquer-
ing us will not do. Gentlemen, you cannot do it.
You may vote us down, but we shall live to fight
Another day. [Laughter.]
r. DOUGLAS.
Mr.
" He who fights and mas away,
May live to fight another day!"
Mr. WILSON. We shall not. run away to
live; weBhall live to run. [Laughter.] We shall
£into the conflict in the coming contest like the
naves at Inkermann with " the light of battle
on our /aces." Jf we fall, we shall fall to rise
again, for the arm of God is beneath us, and the
current of advancing' civilization is bearing us
onward to assured triumph.
Now, I will tell you what we intend to do. We
shall stand here and vote to defeat the bill reported
by the Senator from Illinois, because we believe
by the provisions of that bill Kansas can be and
will be invaded and conquered. We shall vote
for the admission of this petition, for the admis-
sion of all petitions from the people of Kansas;
we shall .vote for the admission of Kansas into
this Union as a free State; if we fail, if you vote
us down, we shall go to the country with that
issue. We shall appeal to the people—to the j
toiling millions, whose heritage is in peril, to !
come to the rescue of the people of Kansas,!
struggling to preserve their sacrea rights. Mad-
ness may rule the hour. The Black Power now
enthroned in the National Government may pro-
long for another Olympiad its waning influence,
but we shall ultimately rescue the Republic from
the unnatural rule of a slaveholding aristocracy. ,
Before the rising Bpirit of liberty, this domination
will go down. j
A quarter of a century ago the conquest and :
subjugation of the Republic was complete. In- I
stitutions of learning, benevolence, and religion,
political organisations and public men—ay, and
the people themselves—ail bowed in unresisting
submission to the iron dominion of the slave-
power. Murmurs of discontent sometimes broke
upon the ear of the country, here and there a
solitary voice uttered its feeble protest against
the domination which held enthralled the heart,
conscience, and intellect of the conquered North;
but the overshadowing despotism was complete.
Twenty-five years have not yet closed since a few
heroic men raised the banner of impartial liberty.
Then we had not a single member of the Senate
or House of Representatives. Not a single State
Legislature was with us. The political press of
the country covered the humble movement with
ridicule and contempt, always excepting the New
York Evening Post, then conducted by that in-
flexible Democrat, William Leggett, who went
to a premature grave cheered by the assurance
that ne "had written his name in ineffccable
letters on the Abolition record."
Twenty years ago the public voice sneered at
and defied the few proscribed and hunted fol- .
lowers who rallied around the humble leaders
who inaugurated the movement that, within two
years, has secured a popular majority in the free
States of more than three hundred thousand.
We have an overwhelming majority there to-day
against your policy, and if that majority is united
we can control the policy of the country. We
shall triumph; we shall enlarge this side of the I
Chamber; we shall thin out the other. [Laugh-
ter.] We have done some of that work recently
in New England. We shall have a majority in
this Chamber yet. We shall have a majority in
the other House; and we shall have a man at the
other end of the avenue. We shall take the Gov-
ernment of this country, and we shall govern the
country as the true'Democratic party.
Now, sir, I have told the Senator from Illinois
what we intend to do; and we have no doubt of
doing it. If the honorable Senator wishes, through
the coming weeks of thiadebate, to throw on this
side of the Chamber the taunting epithets of
" Black Republicans," and' 'Abolition agitators,"
he may find that it is a game that two can play
at. I think he and I, and others, had better
discuss this grave question without the application
of taunts and epithets.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I regret that
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] |
should so far have forgotten what was due to the
proprieties of the Senate, as to have quoted a vile
slanderfrom the columns of a filthy newspaper, 1
published in New York, whose editor is known
only asa disgrace to humanity for his mendacity I
ana blackguardism, and become responsible for ;
it by its repetition here. He has represented me j
as having said, in debate, to those who differ with |
me, on the other side of the Chamber—" we will j
subdue you;" in the sense that we were going to
subdue by force all opponents who differed with
us in. opinion on the slavery question. Every ;
man here knows, and the published debate shows,'
that I was speaking of the rebellion in Kansas,
and the attempts to put the Constitution and laws
at defiance, when I said we will reduce you to
subjection to the Constitution and laws. Thatis
what I said then, and what I am prepared to re-
peat here and everywhere, now and at all times.
If there is any disposition to. take issue on what
I did say, let those wh£ choose to try the exper-
irtient commit the overt acts of treason or rebellion,
and I say to them now—we will reduce you to
subjection to the Constitution and laws. I was
vindicating the great principles to which my life
has been devoted—that the Constitution must be
respected, and obeyed in all its parts, as the
supreme law of the land—that the supremacy of
the laws must be maintained—that treason must
be rebuked, and rebellion crushed, and all lawless
men subdued and reduced into subjection to the
Constitution and laws. This is what I did say.
No man who heard me has any excuse to repre-
sent me otherwise.
I am aware that what I did say on that occa-
sion, as what I do and say from day to day? is
purposely misrepresented and sent abroad to be
repeated in all the Abolition papers for partisan
advantage. The author of that falsehood has
Eublished what purports to be an abstract of the
ill which I reported from the Committee on Ter-
ritories to enable the people of Kansas to form a
constitution and State government when they
have the requisite population, which abstract con-
tains a falsehood m every line, with no one pro-
vision of the bill truly stated. I am not in the
habit of noticing these misrepresentations, and
should not do so now but for the fact that they
are repeated by a Senator in my presence. I
wish Senators would quote me as I speak, and
not as their organs elsewhere may choose to
report me.
The Senator complains that I designate those
composing the party with which he acts, Black
Republicans. I will tell the gentleman why I
used the term. It is necessary to have some dis-
tinguishing name for .political parties. Some
years ago, when I first came into public life, there
was a National Republican party in the country,
and my first political speeches were in opposition
to the National Republicans. In the course of
events new questions came up, and that title was
changed to the name of Whig. Since the dis-
memberment of the Whig party, that portion of
its adherents who have abandoned its principles
and become Abolitionists, have formed a coali-
tion or fusion with all the other isms of the day,
under the name of the " Republican Party."
They no longerclaim to be national men, and hence
drop the word "National" as a prefix to the name
Republican.
There was a good reason for omitting the
word " national" as a part of their name. The
old National Republican party, of which Clay
and Webster were the distinguished leaders,
held that the Constitution was the supreme law
of the Republic, and should be obeyed as such
with equal fidelity in all its provisions. They
proclaimed and advocated national principles
upon the subjects of banks, finance, revenue,
public lands, and upon all questions of a public
nature. They proclaimed their principles alike
in the North and the South, in the East and
the West, wherever the Constitution reigned;
whether their measures were expedient it is not
sow necessary to inquire; it is sufficient to show
that their creed was national and uniform. This
new Republican party has abandoned the creed
as well as the name of the old one, so far as it
relates to its nationality. The new creed abjures
and ignores every question which has for its ob-
ject the welfare and happiness of the white man—
every question which does not propose to put
the negro on an equality with the white man,
politically and socially. It is a purely sectional
party, with a platform which cannot crass the
Ohio river, and a creed which inevitably brings
the North and the South—the free and slave
States—into hostile collision. What are the
objects to which they stand pledged?
First, no more slave States.
Second, the repeal of the fugitive slave law.
Third, the abolition of the slave trade between
the States.
Fourth, the abolition of slavery in the District
of Columbia.
Fifth, the restoration of the Missouri compro-
mise.
Sixth, no more territory to be acquired unless
slavery is first prohibited.
Every plank in their platform rests on a black
basis—every clailse relates to the negro—and
hence consistency requires that the word " Black"
should be substituted for the word " National,"
