1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
U27
eignty which it ever held over the Territory of
Kansas, when it organized a territorial govern-
ment there; and that squatter sovereignty or pop-
ular sovereignty, or call it what you will, is inher-
ent in the people, and resides in the people—the
trustees for the thirty-one States of the Union.
It is held in reservation for them; and whenever
the partnership of the thirty-one States is dis-
solved by the organization of a State government
in Kansas, then the popular sovereignty which
pertains to the Territory is operative, and legal,
and constitutional, and exercisable by the people
of the Kansas Territory. That is my definition
and understanding of " squatter sovereignty" in
Kansas, and every other Territory. _ I do not
believe that that principle is ever stationed any-
where except in the people. It is inherent in the
people, but can only be exercised legally and con-
stitutionally under a territorial bill, or under a
State constitution. Until the people of Kansas
form a State constitution, the principle rests m
the people of the Territory in reservation for the
States of the Union; and the Territory remains
subject to the equal participation of all the other
thirty-one States in every species of property
which they hofd and possess. Sir, I am in favor
of all the sovereignty, whether it be popular or
squatter, on this point.
But, sir, it is known that, until recently, I was
a member of the great, Whig party of this country.
I have discussed the questions on which I acted
during Mr. Fillmore's administration. I have
shown that these same doctrines of non-interven-
tion and popular sovereignty on which that Ad-
ministration was based are the doctrines of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill, and are the doctrines of
the Democratic resolution adopted at the com-
mencement of this session; and that party, sir,
is the only one that I know in the United States
which now stands openly and unmistakably
on this question. Therefore, so far from being
inconsistent in acting with the Democratic party,
I could not be consistent with my records—-I could
not be consistent with the history of this ques-
tion—I could not be consistent with the facts, as
I understand them, of the principles and policy
of the party, did I stand elsewhere, or cooperate
with any other party. Sir, the very same prin-
ciples 011 which the act of 18.50 was based are
contained in the Kansas-Nebraska bill. But this
denunciation of squatter sovereignty has been
specially applied recently to the Democratic party
by persons who once belonged to the great Whig
party of the country, in order to give them pre-
eminence, or priority, on this question over their
brethren who have seen proper to take their posi-
tion with the great Democratic party of the coun-
try on a common national platform. But, sir,
the people in many portions of the country
believe that squatter sovereignty, or popular sov-
ereignty, or whatever else you choose to denom-
inate it, originated with the present Administra-
tion. Sir, the very same principle of ^popular
sovereignty embraced in the Kansas-Nebraska
bill was also in the bills for the organization of
Utah, New Mexico, and Washington. Neither
President Pierce nor the Democratic party was in
power when the principle of squatter or popular
sovereignty was inaugurated in the country. It
 *   _  
was inaugurated under the administration of iYJL.
Fillmore. It was inaugurated under the super-
vision, and under the superintendence, of the
immortal Clay himself, who brought u into play
in the Government, sustained it with lus elo-
quence, powers, and intellect, and bequeathed it
to the Whig party when he died. I am one^ of
the legatees, proiess the principle to-day, ana in-
tend to practice it as long as I live, and to vote
with the party which stands by it, as the Demo-
cratic party stands by it to-day, so long as it
preserves its nationality.
Sir, I was liberal enough, as is known to every
person who read my letter to my constituents last
winter, to place the " South Americans," as they
are called, upon an equal footing with the Demo-
crats upon these questions. If I had time, I would
read from that address or statement made to my
constituents, showing indisputably that had I
been a South American I should have been jus-
tified m supporting the gentleman from Illinois,
rail- IUcHARDbON,] and the other candidates of
the Democratic party in the organization ot tins
House. I admitted then that the Democrats and I
the Americans stood upon the same principle in 1
reference to these great questions; but had I been
an American I should have voted with the Dem-
ocratic party, because it was the largest organiza-
tion in opposition to the anti-slavery party, or
abolition party, if I may be justified in using that
term here. I desire to indulge in no crimination
or recrimination. The very same reasons that
controlled me in voting for the gentleman from
Illinois, and for the distinguished gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Aiken,] and for other na-
tional Democrats, will control my action in the
coming presidential election, because the very
same arguments and influences must necessarily
control the presidential election that controlled
the election of Speaker here.
Sir, I am an admirer of Mr. Fillmore. I was
one of his original friends and advocates, because
he supported the compromise measures of 1850
—and that was Ids chief distinction as a states-
man—and because he carried out the doctrine of,
and administered the Government upon, the prin-
ciples of that compromise of 1850; and if lie were
standing upon that platform, and under circum-
stances that would justify the belief that his
prospect of success was greater than that of the
Democratic party, I would support him. But I
am satisfied that such is not the case; and, there-
fore, I have been compelled to take the course
which I have taken. I announced to my constit-
uents last December, during the contest for
Speaker, my determination to identify myself
with the Democratic party in opposition to the
great anti-slavery party of the North. I intend
to adhere to the Democratic party as long as they
maintain their nationality, and I shall sustain
their doctrines and advocate their principles fear-
lessly, and, I hope, faithfully.
But, sir, the platform recently adopted by the
Philadelphia convention cannot receive my ap-
probation. IcannotsuppoitMr. Fillmore, 01 any |
other distinguished Whig, upon that platform, j
The only solitary plank in the Philadelphia plat- '
form of June, 1855, was the twelfth section, that |
section which denied to Congress the right to !
interfere with slavery in the Terntories—declaring
the doctrine of non-intervention and of popular
sovereignty in the Territories. But, sir, that
plank 111 the platform was stricken out by the
convention recently held-, and the sixth resolution
of the platform then adopted substituted in its
place. And what does that resolution indorse?
Is there any non-intervention in the sixth resolu-
tion of the Philadelphia platform ? Is there any
denial of the right of Congress to interfere upon
the subject of slavery in the sixth resolution of
the Philadelphia platform? Certainly not. What
does that platform contain ? It contains the doc-
trine of non-intervention upon the subject of sla-
very between Congress and the States. There is
| no anti-slavery man 111 this House who could not
I stand upon that platform. 1 he venerable gentle-
' man from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] whose head has
orown gray in the service of anti-slavery, could
stand upon that resolution. The distinguished
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, who
is the embodiment of northern sentiment and
northern popularity, could stand upon this sixth
resolution. I say it with all due deference to his
character, and talents, and honor, because I re-
spect him personally very highly, and I do not
object to lum, cxccptupon the question of slavery,
politically. He can stand upon that resolution
because it does not touch the question of the in-
terference of Congress with slavery 111 the Terri-
tories at all. And, if I may be permitted to say
so, you,Mr. Speaker,could also stand upon that
sixth resolution of the Philadelphia platform; for
neither you, nor tlie distinguished chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, nor the ven-
i erable gentleman from Ohio, are in favor of mter-
I vention by Congress with the subject of slavery
in any one of the States of this Union. There
is 110 anti-slavery man, there is 110 Frec-Soiler,
upon this floor who cannot consistently stand on ,
the sixth resolution of the Philadelphia platform. ;
The abandonment of the twelfth section of the
platform of June, 1855, took away the last plank
upon which the South could stand in the Amei-
ican party.
Well, sir, as I stated before, even if these
thinffs were all as they professed to be, 1 would
still act. as I have actcd, and as I do act, upon this
subjeet, because it is the only position whien 1
can occupy that will be available,® the .coming
presidential contest. I consider that the next
contest will be between the great anti-slavery
party at the North and the entire national, Con-
servative, union, constitutional element of the
United States; and if each party—the Democratic
party and the American party—had met in con-
vention, and had each adopted the same precise
and specific resolutions containing the same mat-
ter, the same principle, the same policy, the same
letters and figures, I would unhesitatingly, al-
though I have been a Whig all my life, enrol
myself under the Democratic banner. There is
no possible contingcnpy in which I could be in-
duced to vote for any other than the nominee of
the Cincinnati Democratic Convention, provided
they adopted as their platform the doctrine of the
compromise of 1850, the doctrines of the Kansas-
Netu-aska bill, or even the specific resolutions of
the Democratic caucus which nominated the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Illinois as candidate
for Speaker at the commencement of the present
session. If one of thp opposition parties should
publish a platform of the same doctrines, verbatim
et literatim., I say frankly that I should feel con-
strained, under the circumstances, to support the
nominee for President of thg,national Democratic
party, on account of its superiority of numbers.
Mr. SNEED. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a reply to my colleague.
It will not occupy more than ten minutes.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I object, ,
Mr. WATKINS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection, and grant t#my colleague
the courtesy which he asks.
Mr. BENNETT. I would inquire of the
Speaker whether, if the motion of the gentleman
from Tennessee is agreed to, the bill pending be-
fore the House will go to the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. If the House goes to the
business on the Speaker's table, and adjourn before
recurring to the bill reported this morning by the
gentleman from New York,that bill willgo to the
Speaker's table.
Mr. BENNETT. Then I hope the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee will be voted down,
and the bill be placed in a position where it can
be reached and voted on. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his motion. -
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The House have
ordered the yeas and nays 011 my motion. It is
more important that we should take up and
considerthe businesson the Speaker's table, than
to pass unconstitutional grants of the public lands
to railroad companies.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from New York will withdraw his objec-
tion to the personal explanation of the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. BENNETT. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. SNEED. I thank the gentleman from
New York for his kindness. I will not occupy
more than five minutes.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague has told the House
that he formerly represented a large portion of
my district. Four of the counties of his present
district belt around the one which I have the
honor to represent. Four counties of the district
of my colleague [Mr. Smith] belt around it on
the other side. The latter colleague, during the
obscnce of the former, made a speech in which
he classified the members of tnis House, and thus
introduced him and his position to tlie country.
I did not introduce him into the debate courte-
ously or discourteously. His colleague "very
specifically enumerated all of this body who were
know Nothings, thus impliedly, if not directly,
asserting that my colleague was not one of them.
He was more specific even than that. The House
will rccolluct that he confined himself to the point
whether members were elected as Know JSfoth-
in<rg or not. Several of those whose names were
read rose to an explanation, and they were cat-
echised particularly upon that }>omt. My col-
league's name was not on the list. As i have
saiti, his district adjoins the one I represent, aid
from his former relations to my district he still
exercises a potent influence there. Americanism
was, in both districts, the sole issue at the elec-
tions for Congress. It was the matter of contest
when we were both elccted. Itwasso then, ana
it will be so at the next presidential election, i
ask if I would not have been"unfaithfW to myself
i and my constituents if I had remained silent &$a
