402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
and they choose to complain, Congress is called
xipon to do this enormous wrong to the others—
not to put them on a reserved list, not to preserve
to them their pay, their rank, and their emolu-
ments, but to strike them down and degrade
them from aposition to which you yourselves have
advanced them—to tell an officer who has once
'trod the deck of a public vessel in full command
over the little empire which is confided to his
control, to comeback from his proud position as
commander, to take the epaulette from his shoul-
der, and to tear the stripe from his sleeve, and
put him back again at the beck and control of a
superior officer.
Mr. President, is nothing due to this class of
officers ? Have they no sensibilities that can be
wounded by your action ? Is it to be supposed
that gentlemen who come home, after a two or
three years' cruise in foreign waters, and find
themselves thus degraded in rank by the repeal
of the law, (if the repeal have the effect which
gentlemen suppose,) decreased in pay and emol-
uments, will remain in your service under such a
state of things? Sir, that will be an occasion
when an appeal to the ptiblic justice of the country
could well be made. They could say, and say
with truth, " No man insinuates that wc are in-
active or inefficient; not one breath of suspicion
has been uttered against our character or our po-
sition in the service; we are to blame in no man-
ner whatever; wc did not ask for position; we
have been promoted under your law; and having
once received that promotion we can no longer
remain in the service if we arc degraded from the
promotion thus voluntarily tendered to us. The
result would be, that, .with a declared view of
promoting the clHciency of the Navy, you would
dismiss from it every active, efficient officer in
your scrvicc. The proposition of Congress by
its last enactment was to protect the Navy; but
the protection offered by such a system of legis-
lation as this would be just such protection as
the tree offers to the storm-tossed traveler, when
it allures him to a deceitful shelter beneath its
shade, and then becomes the treacherous con-
ductor of the bolt that destroys him.
Mr. President, the entire public service of the
country will unquestionably be subverted by the
adoption of any such remedy as that; I am free
to say, however, tlmt, in my judgment, there
does exist a remedy—a remedy which recon-
ciles thn claims of those officers who have been
advanced under the pledged faith of Congress,
with the claims of justice of those who complain
of the action of the board in their cases, and which
also, and above all, preserves and promotes the
efficiency of the Navy as an arm of the public
defense. 1 think our course of action ought to
be this: first, and as a matter of inoperative duty,
confirm the nomination of every officer appointed
by the President to iill the vacancies which you
created by your law; That is a duty to them.
^ It is a duty to the public. Then establish, if you
j please, as suggested by my friend from Delaware,
! [Mr. Bayard,] and by the Senator from New
j York, [Mr. Seward,! a board of review—call it
by any name you please; bring before it every
officer who chooses to complain of the action
which has been had in his paiticular ease; let
that board, or court, or tribunal—I care not what
name you call it; I look at things, not at words—
be organized; arrange it as you please—1 will vote
for it to suit you; and let every officer who has
I cause of complaint present his case before it.
; Then pass a law authorizing the President of the
< United States to restore to active service in the
Navy all officers who may by this board of re-
view be pronounced competent and efficient pub-
lic officers; and, if its judgment be approved by
him, put them back in the Navy in the rank and
position which they held before; but with a pro-
vision that, when vacancies occur by their death
or resignation, those vacancies shall not be filled
until the regular numberofeach grade be restored.
By this course these officers will be restored to
their former rank; no injustice will be done to
them; and the sole inconvenience that can result
from a law of this kind is simply that, for a short
period—for a few years in relation to the officers
restored to the service, the country may be put
to the expense of paying a few more dollars per
annum, by having a few more officers m each
grade than our laws now require. What do we
oare for that? Of what consequence is that? Gen-
tlemen will not, surely, allow a consideration of
that kind to weigh on their minds. By doing this,
I think we shall reconcile the claims of justice to
officers abroad, justice to officers at home, and
justice to the public service of the country.
Mr. President, I regret to have detained the
Senate so long. In all that I have said, I did not
desire to utter a word that should injure the feel-
ings or wound the sensibilities of any gentleman
who has been affected by the action of this board.
I know but very few of them. Those that I do
know I am proud to be acquainted with, and de-
light to honor. Some of them, if my judgment
were con suited in the matter, I should immediately
pronounce to be some of the finest officers in the
service; but I distrust my judgment; I do not
believe I know them as well as their fellow-officers
know them. At all events, I am willing to give
them the amplest opportunity for establishing
their claims to the confidence of the country and to
their position in the Navy. Take the plan which
1 have suggested, or something equivalent to it,
and you will restore health and vigor to the body
of the Navy—a body of which the whole people
is proud—a body in whose veins no pulse can
throb without meeting a response from the heart
of every true patriot, of every American Senator.
Mr. BUTLER. Do I understand that it is the
purpose of my friend from Louisiana to introduce
such a proposition as that which he has indicated?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will do so with the great-
est pleasure, if the Senator from South Carolina
desires it; but I beg of that Senator to reflect that,
by so doing, 1 should be encroaching on the pre-
rogative of my friend from Florida, the chairman
of the Committee on-Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER. I supposed that, from what
the Senator from Louisiana said, there was per-
haps some understanding as to bringing forward
a proposition of the nature which lie indicated.
It is a matter with which I have no right to inter-
fere; but I thought, perhaps, from the remarks of
my friend, that he was about to propose such a
measure.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I pledge myself to prepare
a bill of (hat nature, if it shall be found necessary
after we have heard from the Committee on Naval
Affairs. I presume that committee, by its report,
will satisfy the Senate both as to the facts and the
remedy.
< Mr. BUTLER. No doubt of it.
Mr. MALLORY. The suggestion thrown out
by the Senator from Louisiana, I believe, has
utroady met the approbation — it certainly has
altructed the attention—of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs. That proposition will be presented
to the .Senate by a member of the Committee on
Naval AlTairs.
The PRESIDENT, The question is on agree-
ing to the resolution.
Mr. HALE. If the Senate are ready for the
vote on the resolution, I have nothing to say; but
I have some suggestions to make on the general
subject. If the Senate are ready to vote, I shall
not detain thmn now.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I shall not de-
tain the Senate; I lise merely to express my sat-
isfaction that the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana is willing to do all that I think is requisite to
be done to correct such errors of judgment, arising
from partiality or from any cause, as may have
existed in the'examination of the state of the per-
sonnel of the Navy. I am glad that he has sug-
gested a means of doing jxistice to the different
parties who have been acted upon, by giving a
rehearing to those who may see fit to complain.
That has been my object from the beginning. If
that were generally understood, it would, m my
judgment, relieve" all difficulties as to the existing
law. Before I take my seat, I desire, as 1 occupy
the floor, to make a few further remarks oil the
position assumed by the honorable Senator from
Louisiana as to the power of Congress and of the
Senate, as a part of Congress, in reference to the
repeal of the law, and the effect of that repeal.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana con-
tends that we have no power over the subject,
because the law having created a vacancy, and
the vacancy having been filled, no legislation now
could have any effect upon the action under the
law. Sir, as I read the law, the vacancy does
not exist in the service. The officer is not out
of the Navy; he is merely placed on a retired
list. The word " vacancy" is used only for the
purpose of enlarging the power of promotion.
The power of promotion might have been exer-
cised by the President; but in the ordinary course,
if a promotion is made by the President, and the
Senate choose to disagree to it, or lay it on the
table, the promotion ceases with the session at
which the nomination is made by the President.
Therefore, as I view it, we have ample power to
correct any error in that respect, and I consider
that no vacancy exists as regards a single retired
officer. "What I mean is, that the officer is not
out of the Navy; the legal number of officers is
there; and the moment you repeal the law, they
take their former places, because the "vacancy
spoken of existed solely for the purpose of pro-
motion under the law. The placing of an officer
out of the line of promotion is a result of the law
alone. When the law is gone, the effect of it is
gone, as there has been no final action under it.
I shall vote for the resolution before the Senate,
and my general views of this law I mean to ex-
press at lars;e hereafter.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I understood,
from some of the remarks made by the honor-
able Senator from Louisiana, that the question of
repealing the law was before the Senate. I learn
now that it is not before us, but that the simple
question is upon passing the resolution of the
honorable Senator from Tennessee. I am in favor
of that resolution, and I shall vote for it. But,
sir, as the honorable Senator from Louisiana, in
his eloquent remarks, has entirely passed over
one class of officers, and as they have been con-
sidered by most of the Senators who have spoken
on the subject as a class beyond hope—as one
whose day of grace is over—I desire to sov a
few words in regard to them. The class to which
I allude is that of the officers who have been
dropped entirely from the naval service. I under-
stand even the honorable Senator from Delaware,
who is very much opposed to this whole proceed-
ing, to admit that for them there is no hope.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from New
Hampshire misunderstood me. My proposition
was for aboard of review to receive the complaints
of every officer acted on by the board, whether
retired or dropped.
Mr. HALE. In my view, the Senate have just
as much power in those cases as in regard to re-
tired officers. There is another view which, it
seems to me, the friends of the board are in error
in presenting. They seem to represent the Presi-
dent and Congress as if they were antagonistic
powers, and they speak as if the President were
bent on carrying out this proceeding, and that
Congress, no matter what they might propose to
do, could accomplish nothing. Sir, I am no par-
ticular advocate of the President of the United
States, but I do not acquiesce in the justice of
assigning to him any such position. We are his
sworn constitutional advisers. If the Senate
should do what they have done in repeated in-
stances, when he sends a nomination here to fill
a vacancy under this law, tell him that they do
not advise and consent to the ratification of that
nomination, for the reason that the vacancy which
it has been designed to fill has been illegally or
unconstitutionally created, I have not the slightest
doubt that the President of the. United States, on
such a vote as that being passed by the Senate of
the United States, would send back the name of
the man who had been dropped. This has been
frequently done. When gentlemen have been
dropped from the naval or military service, and
the President sent here nominations of their suc-
cessors, and the Senate voted not to confirm, for
the reason that the vacancies had been improperly
created, the President has, in every instance, I
think, sent back to the Senate the nomination of
the individual thus dropped. I think the power
of the Senate is perfectly competent to reach all
those cases.
Again, sir, I do not hold that a vacancy lias
been filled m a single one of these cases. The
officers who have been promoted have received
commissions, but those commissions do not au-
thorize them to hold their places any longer than
until the end of the present session of the Senate.
Every gentleman who has taken one of these
commissions has taken it subject to that contin-
gency.
The injustice which the honorable Senator from
Louisiana supposes will follow the repeal of the
law cannot occur; for, by the provisions of the
