1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1129
of 1855, as well as former acts. The committee
propose that the House recede from that amend-
ment.
Mr. PUCrH. I wish to correct the Senator in
one respect. I disagreed to receding from the
fifth and sixth sections of the Senate amend-
ments; but, being satisfied that they will not pass
the House of Representatives, I acquiesce in
striking them out.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I thought I un-
derstood the honorable Senator from Ohio to state
this morning, in private conversation, that the
objects intended to be obtained by the sixth sec-
tion have been rendered unnecessary and nuga-
tory by a recent decision at the Department.
Mr. PUG-II. I was so assured by one of the
members of the committee of conference on the
part of the House—that is my only authority.
Mr. FOOT. The member of the committee of
conference alluded to is a gentleman from the
State of the Senator from Tennessee.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Vermont insist on the reading of the bill ?
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir, not now, as it
has been explained.
The report of the committee of conference was
agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STUART. The second committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 68) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1856, after a very
full consultation on the subject, have found them-
selves unable to agree.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the chairman will
state the points on which the committees of the
two Houses disagree, so that we may know what
prospect there is of settling the question.
Mr. STUART. I can state briefly to the Sen-
ate, in answer to the suggestion of the Senator
from Virginia, what the basis of disagreement is.
In order to do so clearly I will give the general
result of the action of the committee.
The conference agreed to recommend that the
Senate recede from its disagreement to the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the fif-
teenth, sixteenth, and thirty-fifth amendments
of the Senate; that the Senate recede from its
twentieth, twenty-seventh thirty-eighth, forty-
fourth, forty-sixth, fiftieth, and fifty-fourth
amendments; that the House of Representatives
recede from their disagreement to the twenty-
second, thirty-fourth, thirty-ninth, forty-second,
forty-third, forty-ninth, and fifty-third amend-
ments of the Senate; that the House of Repre-
sentatives concur in the nineteenth amendment
of the Senate with an amendment striking out
the words " and drawings" in lines two and seven
respectively. The committee disagree upon the
twenty-sixth, thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty-second,
thirty-third, and fifty-second amendments of the
Senate.
Mr. WELLER. We do not know what they
are.
Mr. STUART. I am just going to state pre-
cisely what they are. The striking out of the
■words " and drawings " in the second and seventh
lines of the nineteenth amendment, is in respect
to the provision for the printing of the maps and
drawings of the Pacific railroad surveys. This
is for the purpose of retaining the maps without
the drawings. It was said that there were certain
drawings of animals and birds, and men and
women,&c., which it was thought not necessary
to present. That is the extent of that recom-
mendation.
But, sir, the only essential fact to be noticed in
this disagreement is, that the disagreement of the
committees is on all the important amendments,
so far as amount and the present service of the
country are concerned.
The twenty-sixth Senate amendment is the ap-
propriation of §300,000 for the Washington water-
works. The thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty-second,
thirty-third, and fifty-second amendments all re-
late to the War Department. The thirtieth, thir-
ty-first, thirty-second, and thirty-third cover ap-
propriations to the amount of ^1,640,000, and
these are stated by the Department to be necessary
in consequence of the increased expenses grow-
ing out of the Indian wars,' chiefly in the quar-
termaster's department. The fifty-second amend-
ment was to authorize an existing amount of
$153,809, appropriated for the service of the Flor-
ida war, to be used in Indian wars in any part of
the United States.
The amendments which were agreed to do not
involve any considerable amount of money; they
are small. Those which I have mentioned were
regarded by the committee on the part of the
Senate as being the essential amendments made
by the Senate to the whole bill. They cover
nearly the entire amount of money. They relate
to deficiencies in the War Department for the
present fiscal year, without which, it is stated by
the Secretary, he cannot proceed with the busi-
ness of the Department. The appropriation for
the water-works is understood by the Senate gen-
erally.
Mr. BROWN. I desire the gentleman to in-
form us, if he can, whether another item upon
which the committees disagree is that in relation
to the erection.of the Franklin engine-house?
Five thousand dollars was appropriated for that
purpose by the Senate on my motion.
Mr. STUART. With respect to that propo-
sition, the present committee agreed with the
committee of the House to strike it out.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that another com-
mittee of conference be appointed. I believe that
there is an instance of a contest on a Navy ap-
propriation bill some two or three years since,
where an agreement was had after three commit-
tees of conference had been appointed. I move
that the Senate insist on its former action, and
ask for another committee of conference.
Mr. WELLER. If I understood the report
of the Senator from Michigan, the disagreement
between the last committee of conference is far
greater than that which existed among the mem-
bers of the former committee. I cannot see how
we can expect to get at an agreement in this man-
ner. The second committee are much further off
from an agreement than the first one; and if we
proceed to the appointment of another committee,
I fear that they will be still further from agreeing
than the second committee which has now made
its report. 1 hope that, if there be another com-
mittee appointed, the Chair will appoint the mem-
bers of the first committee. They are much more
likely, in mys judgment, to agree than any new
committee that could be selected.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be on
discharging the committee, and appointing a new
committee of conference.
Mr. MALLORY. Before the question is taken
I ask for information, whether it has ever been
the case, where one committee reports a non-con-
currence, that the subject has been again recom-
mitted to the same committee of conference ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I believe not.
Air. MALLORY. In response to the sugges-
tion of the Senator from California, I ask whether
a case has ever occurred where a committee of
the Senate, reporting a non-concurrence with a
committee of the House, has had the subject
recommitted to it ?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair does not un-
derstand the Senator from California to make a
motion, that it be recommitted to the same com-
mittee.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that will not be done.
It is unusual. It would be very improper for us,
I think, to appoint the same persons. They have
had an opportunity to get together, as often as
they pleased, and have found themselves unable
to agree. I think I may say that the probabili-
ties of an agreement lessened at every meeting.
I was a member of tfrat committee; and I say that
if you appoint the same committee over again,
no agreement will take place,if they should have
fifty meetings.
Mr. WELLER. My proposition was not a
motion, but was a mere suggestion thrown out to
the President. He will of course have the selec-
tion of the members of the committee. As the
committee originally appointed had come much
nearer to an agreement than the subsequent one,
I made the suggestion that, if the old committee
were again appointed, they might be able to agree.
It was a mere suggestion.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave to express a dis-
sent from the opinion of the Senator from Cali-
fornia. It seems to me that to recommit this
bill to the old committee would be discourteous,
in the first place to the last committee of confer-
ence of the Senate; and in the next place to the
House of Representatives.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will remark,
that the Senator from California has not submitted
a motion to that effect.
Mr. SEWARD. But it was a suggestion to '
the Chair; and I, also, was making a suggestion
for the benefit of the Chair.
Mr. PRATT. I do not know whether the
better course for the Senate to pursue would not
be to leave the responsibility to the House to
let this bill be defeated unless they can concur
with what we have agreed to. They announce
in the beginning that they will not consent to the
amendments of the Senate. 1 understand jt to
be the fixed determination of the House, in no
contingency, to agree to these amendments. Un-
less, therefore, we are prepared to recede from
the material amendments which we have added
to this bill, the appointment of a new committee
will be entirely useless. The announcement to
which I have alluded is directly made; and I
think that dignity on our part requires that we
should take our stand, and let it be known to
the country, and to the Representatives of the
country in the other branch of the National
Legislature, that we will stand on our right of
placing amendments when we think them neces-
sary, on bills of this character. I think that is
the true course. Let the subject lie on the table,
for the present, at least. ,
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that the suggestion of
my friend from Maryland will not be agreed to.
The House of Representatives do not make the
point which nry friend seems to think they do.
Mr. PRATT. The committee said they did.
Mr. TOOMBS. The question is not raised
that the Senate cannot put amendments *>n such
a bill. If that point were made, it would leave
no alternative for the Senate; but the House do
not make that point. Here is a deficiency bill
! embracing a great variety of subjects, many of
them appropriate for separate bills. Each of the
items stands, in some measure, by itself, and
depends on entirely different considerations.
The House of Representatives do no more than
assert the same rights which we claim. They
say, " You have passed on these measures, and
we have passed on them; we, as your equals,
have the right to reject them, and you have the
right to pass them." The object of a conference
is to come to an agreement. In regard to some
amendments, the House yield; onotliers they say,
" We do not deny your right to make amend-
ments, but upon the expediency of this measure
we do not agree with you; we think it is not right
that it should be put here." The appropriations
for the water-works and for Army deficiencies are
the chief difficulties with the House of Repre-
sentatives; but they do not deny the right of the
Senate to amend those bills; they do not assume
any authority to themselves which they do not
grant to the Senate. The Senate is in favor of a
particular measure—the water-works, for instance
—and the House are against it: that is the whole
of it. The Senate were in favor of appropriating
$49,000 for printing the maps and drawings of
the Pacific railroad surveys; we said that we
would give up those drawings. I thought this
was right; and therefore, as one of the organs of
this body, I yielded, and consented to strike out
the appropriation for those drawings, so as to
come to a compromise on this point.
There is really no disagreement except upon
points on which both Houses have equal and in-
dependent rights of judgment, and therefore there
should be no such course pursued as that which
is suggested by the Senator from Maryland. I
think all fair efforts ought to be made to secure
an agreement, especially on this class of bills.
If it were an ordinary bill containing one single
appropriation for the water-works, for instance,
and we sent it to the House of Representatives,
they would act on it as they pleased, and there
would be an end of it. The House of Repre-
sentatives , with a great deal of justice, have com-
plained of the course which you have pursued on
these bills. They have complained of it in regard
to the very measure to which I have just alluded.
I cooperated, as was my duty, with the will of
the Senate in supporting, in its present condition,
the appropriation for the water-works ; but the
House say: "You have never given us a fair
opportunity of judgment;" and, sir, you hare
