1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
403
law, the officers thus promoted do not enter upon
the receipt of any increased pay. There is no
alteration in their pay. They arc a kind of am-
biguous officers at the present time. They per-
form the duty of an advanced post, but receive
only the pay r,f the post from which they were
promoted. They are neither one thing nor an-
other. In such a position, it seems to me it
would be more respectable to let them be one
thing decidedly, rather than leave them in their
present anomalous situation.
Sir, I believe that great injustice has been done
by the action of this board; and, believing that
injustice has been done, I will never consent to
acknowledge that we are incompetent to redress
that injustice. An eloquent picture has been
drawn—I wish I could paint as well—by the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana of the injustice
which would be done to those gentlemen who are
now wearing their new-fledged plumes of honor.
He has depicted how hard it will be to strip
them off when they have just begun to strut upon
the stage with their new decorations. Sir, let me
remind him that there are men very diiferently
situated. I know men who entered the service
early, who have been prompt to perform every
duty required of them, wherever and whenever
required. They have met the call of duty, and
have never shrunk from it. They have been away
from their country. They have been away from
these Halls. They have been on distant fields of
duty. They have been in the frigid and in the
torrid zone. They have been, in peace and m war,
discharging their duty conscientiously and faith-
fully, and not making acquaintance with the
powers which regulate things in Washington.
Those men, who have been faithfully, energeti-
cally, and heroically performing their duty on
distant and dangerous service, have been stricken
down, and neither they nor their friends can learn
the reason why it was done.
Sir, i confess that my sympathies are for these
men, and not for those who have been promoted
under the operation of your new bill. I know
that injustice has been done under it. I know
that faithful, competent, brave, cliivalric, pure-
mir.dod men as ever trod the deck of any vessel,
have been stricken down, as with the palsy, by
the operation of this law. If there was only a
single ease of that kind, I never would consent
to fold my arms and say nothing can be done.
Sir, whenever such a case as that can be found-
whenever a single solitary public servant comes
forward and makes complaint to the Government ,
of his country that, while faithfully and honor-
ably and constantly pel forming his duty, he has
been stricken down and knows not why, and that
injustice has been done to him, to his fame, to his
family, to his feelings, to his property—for the
highest property is a man's reputation—J say, if
there was but a single case of this kind, 1 should
feel it to be my bounden duty, as a member of this
body, to see if there could not possibly be some
way devised by which justice could be donq. to
such a one. But it is not a single case. Such
cases are numerous.
Now, let me call attention to one view of this
subject, which it seems to me would turn this
matter the other way. Let me take the case of
Lieutenant Maury, for it has been quoted. The
terms of the act required the dismissal or retire-
ment of officers who were not competent to per-
form all the duties of their respective grades,
ashore and afloat. I take it that one of the duties
of a naval officer is to do exactly what Lieutenant
Maury has been doing at the National Observa-
tory, bccause his position there was assigned him
by the Government as part of his duties as a
naval officer, and he has been obliged by law to
perform those duties. Well, sir, tiiis board have
undertaken to place Lieutenant Maury on the
reserved list, because he is not competent, in their
judgment, to do all the duties of a naval officer
ashore and afloat. 1 should like to ask if the
fifteen men who composed that board felt them-
selves competent to do the duties which Lieuten-
ant Maury has been doing? If not, and those
duties are naval duties, as the law requires that
o.very naval officer retained should be competent
to perform all the duties of a navalofficer, ashore
and afloat, these men ought to be turned out.
Lieutenant Maury has been doing his duty there.
Are not his duties in the Observatory those of a
naval officer' Are they not required of him by
law as a naval officer ?_ If he has been required
by law to perform duties in the very place where
the law has put him, and the board have reported
that for that reason lie ought to be turned out, I
say justice requires that there should be another
board, composed of such men as have been doing
scientific duties—such as Lieutenant Maury anil
Lieutenant G-iUiss, who has been placed in the
same situation—and all officers who arc not found
competent to the high scientific pursuits in which
those gentlemen have been engaged, and by which
they have reflected so much honor on themselves
and on the service of the country, should be
turned out. By this rule every officer m the Navy
not competent to discharge ail those duties ought
to be turned out. Suppose they did that, how
large a Navy do you think you would haver
[Laughter.]
Well, sir, these duties are honorable duties.
Certainly, the honorable Senator from Louisiana
will not say that Lieutenant Maury has disgraced i
himself—that he has been engaged in pursuits !
j derogatory to the character of an officer or a gen- '
tleman, or that he has been doing anything else
than the duties required of a naval officer ashore.
If he has been doing such duties, and the law is
to receive the interpretation that, because being
lame in one of hie limbs, he cannot perform some
duties afloat, as well as others can, and he has
been turned out for that, reason, I say that, vice
versa, the gentlemen who cannot do what he has
been doing ought also to be turned out.
1 think there are a great many things of this
character m the law which require an examina-
tion. Let me give another case—for you can
only come to a general result by looking at indi-
vidual cases—let me refer to the case of Com-
mander Nicholas, a man in whose behalf a
memorial was presented to-day. Horn let me
remark that I am very favorably situated in one
respect for judging of this law. 'i have no friend
who is affected by the law; I have no connection
by blood or marriage who is affected by it. I
have no feeling for any of these officers,"'except
the common bonds of humanity. They have no
other connection with me, and for this reason I
can speak impartially. Let me instance the case
of Commander Nicholas. He is a man between
fifty and sixty years of age—about the average
age in this body—a man in the very maturity of
his powers, physical and mental. lie is the son
of a very distinguished gentleman of Virginia,
for some years Governor of that State, and a
member of this body. Unlike many other sons
of distinguished men, he was not content to live
on the reputation of the past, but determined to \
secure an honorable fame for himself. He early !
entered the naval service, and has performed all ;
his duties satisfactorily. I am authorized to say '
that, in the opinion of naval oiiicers of the pros- :
ent day—whose opinions should be listened to ,
by the Senate—he has not his superior in the |
Navy as a gentleman and an officer, and an eiTi- i
cient officer. He has been performing duties on
I ever heard. He described the conversion of St.
Paul. He said that St. Paul was traveling from
Jerusalem to Damascus with letters to persecute
the saints. He met light on the way; and after
this light had shone upon him, said the honor-
able Senator, he did not keep on to Damascus to
persecute the saints, and make a sort of retired
list of them, [laughter;] but he turned round and
went back to Jerusalem. St. Paul, said he, took
a backward step, and does the Senator thinkhim-
solf a greater man than Paul ?
Now, sir, I think we have made a false step,
but not irretrievably false; and I believe, if the
Senate will retrace it, and do so absolutely, en-
tirely, and thoroughly, and will follow the rule
prescribed by the prophet, and break off, justice
will be done. No half-way measure will meet
this case; 110 homoeopathic doses of reform are
adequate to the emergencies of this disease. No,
sir, what we want is a total retraction from the
false position which we have taken; and when
we have got back we shall be no worse off than
wnen we began, and we can then go forward, and
go forward promptly; but when we have done
injustice, it is useless to talk about anv remedy
which does not look to the full redress of that
injustice. I believe, sir, that the Secretary of
the Navy—I believe that everybody who has
spoken on the subject—I believe that the eloquent
Senator from Louisiana admits that wrong has
been done. I think the Secretary of the Navy
seemed to suppose that, if there were a few men
who had been unjustly dealt by, there were a
great many who got no more than they deserved;
and as they were all in one mass, he thought it
was not worth while to take the trouble to separ-
ate them, but he would let them go, and that
afterwards, by some process or other, that might
be devised or might not, the wrong might be re-
dressed, and a remedy afforded.
Sir, the remedy ou^ht to be as broad as the
wrong. Some men, it is said, ought to be out of
the Navy. I will not dt-ny it; but I will say—no
matter whether you call fhis a trial or not—that
they have been subjected to the penalties which
would follow a trial; and if there has been a man
dismissed for drunkenness, for lying, or for any-
thing else, why not give him an opportunity to
disprove the charge ? If there was subjected to
the authority_ of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana an individual so low and humble, and
if he undertook to correct him for drunkenness
or lying, and the man protested that he was neither
a drunkard nor a liar, would not the Senator in-
stitute some species of trial before correcting him ?
No^one can doubt that he would do it.
We are told that this letirement or dropping is
no punishment, and that the gentlemen who have
been affected by it have been honorably and fairly
dealt b}\ It seems to me that would be a goorl
suggestion if it came from them; but, sir, I never
yielded to the force of any suggestion which un-
dertook to satisfy a man that he was better used
than he thought himself. I
(i,n ,« T , , 1 —^  r- DL- uiuu^jit iwiisuu. 1 remember, in tho
he northern lakes such as were never rendered h discipline to which I was subjected in the town
, 1-1 that quaUei of the country oefore since we nad ;! schools of New England, that the master never
a JNavy. While he was there, m the discharge , flogged a boy without telling him it was for his
of onerous and responsible duties, he was placed, ,; good-that he would he a great deal better off for
J it; but he always failed to convince the boys.
not on that honorable retired or pension Est, of
which the Senator from Louisiana spoke, but he
was degraded—he was in voluntarily put down on
the furlough list. He has made no com plaint
himself; but the country that he has served has
| made complaints.
! Are we to be told that, in such cases as that,
j we arc without a remedy? Arc we to be pre-
t vented from doing justice to such, an officer as
: that, because somebody who was behind him,
and who ought to be bt hind him still, has got his
place and has strutted in his plumes for a few
weeks, unjustly, as I think? No, sir. I think
no injustice will be done to anybody by putting
things back as they were. I have always
thought, Mr. President, and I believe now, that
when a man, or a government, or a corporation,
J, [Laughter.] I cannot say what the reason was,
ji but he never did convince one of them; and you
; never can convince tlie.se gentlemen that gross
wrong and injustice have not been done to them.
Now, let me ask the honorable Senator from
; Louisiana, if he thinks all the wisdom of Con-
gress was exhausted when this bill was passed?
, is it not possible, if we repeal the law, that wo
| can, by putting our heads together and seeing tha
• mistakes that have been made,presentsomething
which will remedy the evils complained of, with-
! out doing the injustice that has been committed?
i ] believe we can, and 1 believe the honorable Sen-
ator himself can do it. 1 think, however, that the
i first step to redress the wrong is to retrace what
, we have done; and, so believing, I am for a total,
or a community, has taken a false step, the best !| unconditional,' immediate, sweeping repeal of the
way is to retrace it. 1 know that some men " * - ■■■ • 1 -■
boast that they never take a backward step. I
remember that a very distinguished Senator on
this floor, who is not hero now, once said that he
never took a step backwards. An honorable
Senator, who then represented the State of Mis-
sissippi, but who is not now here, administered
to him what I thought was the handsomest rebuke
law. t am for rubbing out all' the proceedings
under it, and beginning anew. I shall not, how-
i ever enter into that question now, because I hope
enough has been said to induce us to pass the
j resolution of the honorable Senator from Tenn-
! essee, which is simply to put us in the posses-
! sion of some facts that may enable us to act
I more understanding^ on the subject. For that
