1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
not done it. That is the truth. Such is the ar-
gument which they have presented. The House
rejected, time after time, the appropriation for the
water-works. Finally, at the close of a session,
you placed it upon the civil and diplomatic appro-
triation bill, and said to the House that tlieyraust
sfeat the whole bill, or agree to this appropria-
tion for the water-works. They tell us n%w,
that this great and important measure, as I deem
it to be, has been brought before them in such a
manner that a fair judgment of the representa-
tives of the people has not been had. The House
are right; they are entitled to an opportunity for
expressing a fair judgment. The same practice
has been pursued in regard to other questions;
and they have a right to complain of it.
I would be willing, Mr. President, to yield any
point in this bill except one. I would not yield
the appropriations for the public defense, rendered
necessary by the wars that have been originated
in Washington and Oregon Territories. It is the
duty of Gongress to malce such provision, and
those who are willing to defeat it should take the
responsibility of doing so. I repeat, there is
nothing in the bill which I would not be prepared
to yield in order to facilitate a fair agreement,
except the appropriations which it contains for
the public defense. Those I would never yield,
and those constituted the difficulty with me, as a
member of the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. I think that these differences
can be best settled in a committee of conference.
I am not without hope that another committee
will be able to settle the question.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, t hope we shall
recede from the amendment to this bill making an
appropriation for the water-works. We ought to
adhere to the amendments connected with the de-
fense of the country if they are necessary; but it
seems to mo to bo wrong to press the question in
regard to the water-works in this bill. The House
of Representatives has expressed its opinion upon
that question; it has committed itself against that
project; and 1 hope that wo shall recede 1 Vom that
amendment, adhering, if necessary, to other
amendments which are essential for the, defense
of the country, and throwing the responsibility of
defeating them upon those to whom it belongs.
I am toJd—I do not know that it is true—in
regard to this plan for the water-works, that the
right of way has never been secured; that the
lands for the reservoir have passed into the hands
of speculators, and are held at enormous prices.
I am told, also, that the water has not been se-
cured, and that there is mismanagement some-
where. This impression prevails in the House
of Representatives. The question is one which
is proper to stand alone, and to receive the sep-
arate judgment of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives. For this reason, 1 move, if it bem
order, to recede from that amendment.
The PRESIDENT. The lirst question is on
appointing another committee.
Mr. PUGH. This committee of conference
appear to have been unanimous in recommending
the Senate to recede from certain amendments.
Why can wo not adopt their advice, and thus
narrow the controversy to us few questions as
possible? I understand the Senator from Mich-
igan to have said that, on certain propositions,
the committee had agreed, and among those
were recommendations that the Senate should
recede from certain amendments. It seems to
me that we had better bring the issue to as small
a compass as possible. If there are any Such
amendments that can be pointed out, I trust the
Senate will recede from them. If we appoint
the same committee, or take any such attitude
towards the House, it involves the loss of the
whole bill. Now, I presume that there ore a
great many of the appropriations which ought
to be made, and about which there is no difficulty.
The PRESIDENT. It is in order to take up
the amendments separately, and recede or insist
separately; or the Senate may insist generally,
and appoint another committee.
Mr. STUART. It seems to me that the Senate
will best dispose of this question by adopting the
motion of the Senator from Virginia. It will be
time enough to recede from the water-works
amendment when it shall have been considered,
in connection with the others, by another com-
mittee of conference; and I can assure gentle-
men—both those who support the amendment
and those who oppose it—so far as my experience
enables me to judge, that their ends will be best
'answered by supporting this motion, and submit-
ting the whole subject to a new committee of
eonferen cg .
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Virginia.
The motion was agreed to; so it was
Resolved7 That the Senate insist on their amendments
disagreed to by the House, and on their disagreement to the
amendments of the House to the amendments of the Senate
to the deficiency bill, and ask for a further conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
And Mr. Hunter, Mr. Weller, and Mr.
Fish were appointed.
STATISTICS OF COASTWISE COMMERCE.
Mr BENJAMIN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was referred
a joint resolution of the House of Representa-
tives (J. R. No. 13) for the statistics of the
coastwise commerce, to be included hereafter in
the annual reports of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on commerce and navigation, to report it
back without amendment, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, and to ask for its immediate
consideration.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the resolution, which pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of the Treasury, in
lis animal reports 011 commerce and navigation,
hereafter to be made to Congress, to cause to be
stated the kinds, quantities, and value, of the
merchandise entered and cleared coastwise into
and from the collection districts of the United
States, and gives him authority to make all rules
and orders necessary to carry into effect this
object.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish simply to state to
the Senate that we are now without any statistics
whatever about coastwise navigation, and this
resolution provides for the collection and publica-
tion of these statistics in the same manner as
those of foreign commerce.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
BARK TROPIC BIRD.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill (S. No. 273) to authorize the issue of a
register to the bark Tropic Bird, which was
introduced by ma, and has been sanctioned by
the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill. No amendment being pro-
posed, it was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
TITLES UNDER THE GRADUATION ACT.
Mr. BROWN. I submit the following resolu-
tion, and I ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved} That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
stiuetod to mqune into and report what legislation is neces-
sary to secure tlie United States against liaudulent entries
under the graduation act, and what is nece^ary to quiet
titles of pmehaseis under said act.
There being no objection the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. BROWN. I wish to submit a few words
of explanation before the vote is taken on the res-
olution. The Department of the Interior, through
the General Land Office, has issued two or three
! circulars in reference to entries under the gradu-
ation act of August, 1854. Their design is agood
one—to protect the Government against fraudu-
lent entries under that act. The intention of
Congress in passing that law was to secure its
benefits to actual settlers on the public lands.
Doubtless in some cases speculators have been
1 engaged m makincentries, through third persons,
for their own benefit, which certainly never was
contemplated by the act; but the Land Office has
issued circulars the effect of which has been to
disquiet the titles of all who have entered lands
under the graduation act. One circular required
all persons who made such entries to come for-
ward within two months and purge their entries
of fraud, by making certain additional affidavits,
not prescribed by the law,but bythe regulations
of the Department. A second circular extends
the period within which they may come forward
with additional proof to twelve months. The effect
of this upon the bona Jide purchaser has been to
throw a shade over his title. The law has not
forbidden him to sell the land if he has entered it
in good faith, for his own use and not for pur-
poses of speculation; but if he finds it to be to his
advantage to sell, he cannot now do so because
of the shade thrown over his title by the orders
from the Department.
I object to these orders for another reason.
While the law did not lay down any rules which
should establish fraud in the entry of land, the
Department has undertaken to lay down a gen-
eral rule, and to make it apply to all entries,
whether good, bad, or indifferent. Every man
who has entered land under that act is required,
by an order of the Department, to come forward
in twelve months and do certain things, and in
default of doing them he is notified that his entry
will be vacated and a patent withheld. Why?
Not because all the entries are supposed to be
fraudulent; not because one tenth part of them
can, by any possibility, be fraudulent; but be-
cause the Department has a suspicion—probably
a well-grounded suspicion—that some entries are
fraudulent, it applies this rule to all who have en-
tered under the law. The bona Jide purchaser,
who has complied in good faith with the requisi-
tions of the law—who has done his whole duty in
good faith, is required to do precisely what the
man who enters in bad faith and in fraud of the
law is called upon to do.
I do not pretend to say what ought to be done;
but I do declaro that bona fide, honest purchasers
ought not to have their titles thus disquieted by
suspicion being thrown over them. They ought
not to be disturbed m their peaceful and quiet
possession of the property which they have pur-
chased, and for winch they have paid all that the
Government demanded of them, and this on a
simple order from one of the Departments of the
Government.
I desire that the Committee on Public Lands
shall inquire what legislation is necessary to se-
cure the Government ugainstfraud. If it be found
that the principles embodied in these orders are
necessary, let us enact them into law; let Con-
gress pass a law embodying those orders in the
form of a congressional enactment, and rescue
parties who hold good titles from the disturbance
imposed upon them by mere orders from the land
department. At the same time, if anything can
be done to relieve bona fide, honest purchasers
and settlers from the suspicion thrown over their
title by the orders from the Department, I wish
it to be done and done promptly. My constitu-
ents are writing to me constantly of the effects
which these orders are producing on their^itles.
They feel insecure. They arc put to the trouble
sometimes of going considerable distances to
make new affidavits at additional cost to secure
their title after they have done everything which
the law requires—after they have paid their
money and received their certificate.
So far as I am concerned, F do not believe that
these orders amount to anything. I have no idea
that the General Land Office or the Interior De-
partment has the right to lay down a general rule
by which it will determine fraud and vacate titles
which are acquired under an act of Congress by
purchase. What right has the Land Office to say
to me, after I have complied with the law, paid
my money, and received my certificate, that if I
do not come forward and do something else which
is not required by the law, but is simply prescribed
by the Land Office, they will vacate my title?
The proposition, I feel assured, cannot be main-
tained legally; but the consequence of this-state
of things is to cause a great deal of disturbance
to settlers who are actual, bona Jide purchasers.
It is for the purpose of putting an end to those
disturbances that I ask this inquiry.
Mr. STUART. 1 regret very much that the
Senator from Mississippi was not willing to allow
his resolution to go to the committee without
comment. I think it would have been much bet-
ter; but he has seen fit to censure—it seems to me
without any cause—the Department which has
issued these circulars.
Sir, I would not speak very confidently on any
subject which I had not investigated with great
care; but I have bestowed on this subject consid-
