•404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
reason, I forbear to enter further into the discus-
sion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from New
. Hampshire complains of my being unwilling to
- admit these officers to be judges of their own cases,
and suggests that when he was at school, and
was whipped by his master, he was told that it
•was for his own good, but he did not believe it.
Now, sir, any gentleman who sees the ability
with which he acts on this floor, and discusses
questions like this, must be perfectly satisfied that
his master knew better than he did. [Laughter.]
, Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President,! have
listened with great attention to the debate on this
feubject, without occupying much of the time of
the Senate in regard to it; nor do I propose to do
so now. A yery few remarks will express to the
Senate all that I propose to say.
A debate on the general subject seems to me,
as it has from the first, very improper at the
present time. I think that, unless some mode is
proposed to us of acting on this subject, we are
speaking entirely at random. There is no limit
to debate; there is no object to debate; and I may
add, there is no end to it, until there is something
to follow as a conclusion. We arc waiting on
the committee which we have appointed to pre-
sent us with some proposition on the question.
1 have been content, though I feci a common
interest and a common sympathy with others on
this question, to wait until the subject should be
placed in that position where debate would be
proper—where it would have an object, apurpose,
and a limit. I still entertain that feeling; but it
is proper, I think, to make a few remarks at this
stage, in consequence of what has been said to-
day.
My honorable friend from Louisiana seems to
suppose that those of us who are for adopting
measures of redress now, in opposition to the
proceeding that has taken place by the action of
the naval board, are acting with an indiscriminate
sort of statesmanship, in destroying all that lias
been done—the good as well as the bad. He
charges us with a want of statesmanlike discrim-
ination. Now, if I have understood the debate,
there are no gentlemen—certainly there are but
very few—who propose to themselves to bring
About anything more than a fair discrimination.
Thathas been my purpose—that has been my dec-
laration. I am willing, I am anxious to preserve
whatever good hasbcenaccomplishod to the Navy
y the removal of incompetent officers by the
proceedings of the naval board; but I cannot con-
sent to preserve that good at the expense of many,
as 1 believe, brave and honorable men, to whom
injustice has been done.
At has been asked, who will take upon himself
tlio responsibility, if he could do it, of ammlling
this whole proceeding, and returning all the re-
moved and retired officers to the rank which they
before held? I say, in response, that T will not
take the responsibility of voting for the degrada-
tion or the removal of one honorable and compe-
tent man. My vote shall never contribute to
such adoom. I would rather sec the whole find-
ing destroyed, and other means adopted of rid-
ding the Navy of whatever incumbrances there
may be on it, than put my name to a vote which
is to be the sacrifice of an honorable, efficient, and
competent officer. That is the position which X
occupy, and I am not afraid to avow it.
X think my honorable friend from Louisiana,
notwithstanding his acknowledged abilities, and
the generous Sentiments which are known to ani-
mate him, has taken rather a narrow and contracted
view of this subject. He looks upon these vacan-
cies, as they may now be called, as having been
created in the regular and constitutional mode by
the action of the President of the United States,
and that we cannot oppose ourselves to that action.
Now, sir, is that so? Is not the removal of these
gentlemen the consequence of a legal proceeding
by a board of officers ? The agency of the Presi-
dent, to he sure, forms a part of that legal pro-
ceeding; but he is acting as an agent under this
law in accomplishing its purposes, and not acting
in the exercise of his constitutional power of
removing unworthy officers on his own authority,
and in which he stands in his presidential char-
acter as responsible to the whole people. Does
-he stand in that attitude on this occasion in
respect to any officer? No, sir. He stands
surrounded by the sanction of a board, and he
professes to place confidence in that board, and
merely to carry out, according to their sentence,
the purpose of an act of the Legislature. That is
all; and yet, because he is President, and in
another character and under other circumstances
has a constitutional power, as Executive, which he
may use, gentlemen confound this agency under
an act of Congress with his constitutional power
as President of the United States.
Can any man, viewing this subject broadly and
largely, confound the President's action under
this law, as the agent to execute it, with the con-
stitutional character which he maintains under
the Constitution ? Yet, gentlemen tell us, here is
the word " vacancy,"and the Constitution says
the President shall fill vacancies by nomination;
and here is the very word " vacancy" used in this
statute. How are we to understand the term?
Are we to take it as a word isolated from all its
context? Are we to look to the lexicographers
for the meaning of it ? Or are we not to take it tn
connection with the whole statute, and as quali-
fied by the circumstances and provisions of the
law? Certainly, we are. It means such a va-
cancy as the law makes, and no more. How is
that vacancy made ? Not by the rightful consti-
tutional power of the President of the United
States, for which he stands responsible to the
people, but it is made under the authority of an
act of Congress. It is made in virtue, of an agency
conferred upon the President by that act; and it
is made as the consequence of action by another
body—a board of naval officers—just as much as
the judgment of a judge is founded on the verdict
of a jury. The board are the jury, and the Pres-
ident is the appointed agent to execute their ver-
dict. That is his position m this case, as I un-
derstand and comprehend it; and in that aspect
and in that attitude it is a subject for cognizance
by the superior legislative power of Congress.
I believe that without touching, much less en-
croaching upon, the constitutional power of the
President, we can correct the evil.
But, sir, I care not for this. Without regard
to the diftercnco between legal and constitutional
consequences, let us endeavor to understand
rightly the act that has been done, and the au-
thority under which it lias been done, and then
we shall better understand the limits of our own
power and authority. However this may bo, I
am satisfied to retain whatever of good has boon
done. All I wish to do is to snatch from the
burning those who have been unjustly condemned.
I am as anxious as the Senator from Louisiana,
as anxious as anyone who feels the least solicitude
for the public interests, and particularly for the
honor and the glory of the Navy, to preserve its
efficiency. I am willing to retain every particlc
of good that has been done by the action of this
board, but 1 am at the same time disposed to do
justice to those who may have received wrong.
Sir, I do not look upon the consequences to
these gentlemen in exactly the same light that my
friend from Louisiana does. Pie takes up, for the
particular illustration of his argument, the case
of those old captains who have been from thirty
to fifty years in the service, and who have now
grown past the capacity for active duty, and have
been, in fact, ictired long ago. If so, what good
is done by this retirement? He scents to think
that it ought to be accepted by them as a boon
and a release from the service, while they, at the
same time, retain all the emoluments of their sta-
tion. lie thinks that, under such circumstances,
it is singular that they should complain. 1 sub-
mit to the gentleman whether he treats them ac-
cording to the dignity to which they are entitled,
when lie illustrates their case by the ignorant
client, who did not know how much he had been
injured until he heard his lawyer commenting on
the enormities which had been committed upon
him. is that dealing fairly with them? I am
sure it is not. I am" sure this does not convey
truly the feelings of that honorable gentleman
towards this class of persons who have been re-
moved from their positions. Sir, their stations
have been the reward for the labors of those fifty
years during wjnch they have served their coun-
try. We do not know how to appreciate the
feelings of such men. The station in which he
says they are now useless is the glory of their
lives; to stand by their flag, to control that flag
by their command—this is the honor which they
have gathered by years of toil, by years of trouble,
and by years of suffering. Is it nothing to sepa-
rate them from that flag in this manner?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will my friend allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let me ask my friend
from Kentucky, would he ever, under any cir-
cumstances, be in favor of a retired list? Can
any retired list ever exist in the Navy without
producing precisely the results which he so elo-
quently depicts?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. As to that class of
men, never; never, sir, unless they are willing
voluntarily to be retired. Then there would
be no degradation. But is it no degradation
to a warworn old sailor to say to him: "You
are no longer fit for service; go, you are no
longer fit to bear the standard of your country;
go, you are inefficient—you have become incom-
petent?" Who of us, giving free scope to his
natural feelings, freed from all rigid ideas of pol-
icy, would stand before old Commodore Stew-
art and say to him: " Sir, you have grown old;
you are no longer fit for anything—retire, give
place to your juniors ?" I would not be the man
who would be willing to make such a speech to
him. Who of us would have been willing, when
General Washington was at the age of seventy,
to go to him and say: " Sir, you have lived out
your time; you arc unfit for service?" What
alleviation would it have been to him to say:
"You shall stay atjhome; we will feed you and
pay you, but you are good for nothing.
It is said this is no degradation to these officers.
I hoard that said the other day to an athletic, her-
culean-looking son of Pennsylvania. " Ah !"said
he to the gentleman who told him that it was no
disgrace and no discredit, and that he need not
grieve about it for it left him his full pay—" Ah!"
said he, "every heart knows best its own griefs."
I have seen, when some of these dismissed officers
were talking about this question, the tear trickle
down the cheeks which, for forty years, had been
exposed to storm and battle, and had never shed
a tear for any such cause. To say that this is
no dishonor and disgrace, and to mark the effi-
ciency of men by their bone, by their thews, and
their sinews, is a strange idea. Here is one man
whose leg is broken, and I suppose that is the
cause of Maury's alleged inefficiency. He is not
active enough ! I remember, sir, a story which
I read in my boyish days, of a lame man who
wanted to go to the battle of Thermopylae. He
wished to form one of that groat chosen band.
They told him no. He replied, " Lacedsemon
does not want soldiers that run away"—and he
went. The want of legs, therefore, is no great
cxcuse to me, and no reason why you should
exclude such a man.
Sir, is it inefficiency in an officer to be lame?
Sir, Admiral Nelson had lost an arm in the public
service of his country. Did it dimmish his effi-
ciency? No, sir, but it made him a thousand
times more efficient. Suppose he had lost both
legs, and both arms, and was set up with only
the body, and the face, and the eye of the man,
iu the day of battle, in the center of his ship—
would lie not have stood there as the image of
War, and the assurance of victory to every man
around him? But some who, measuring by arms
and legs, would be regarded sound, and fit to
wrestle, run, or climb, would be vastly inefficient
and out of place in such a position.
But, Mr. President, I am going utterly beyond
what I designed to say in relation to the present
subject. Believe me, whatever you may think
of it, these officers—I have found it so every-
whcie—regard this as a degradation. So far as
this degradation has been brought about upon
erroneous information, or by mistake, is it not
our duty to correct it if we can ? I am sure there
is no one who will go further to correct it than
honorable gentlemen on this floor, who seem to
think that we must take for granted that all this
is right. I cast no imputations on the board; I
cast no imputations on anybody who has been
concerned in the execution of this law. It has
been a painful duty to perform; I have no reason
to doubt but that it has been performed honor-
ably. So far as I am acquainted with the officers
who constituted the board, there are no men
whom any gentleman could more safely trust
with his life or his honor. I am willing to as-
cribe everything that has been erroneously done
