m
APPENDIX TO Tm CGIVOlfiESSIOfNAL S®UGBK.
[April 14,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Kansas Legislative Petition—Mr. Doughs, Mr.Stuart, etc.
Senate.
human or divine." George Washington was an
Abolitionist, for he has left it as a legacy to his
country, that it was "among his first wishes to
see some plan adopted by which slavery could be
abolished by law;" and that«« his suffrage should
never be wanting "to " accomplish it by legisla-
tive authority." Thomas Jefferson was an Abo-
litionist. He has left upon the records of his
country that " the abolition of domestic slavery
is the greatest object of desire." Benjamin Frank-
lin, John Jay, Alexander Hamilton, the illustri-
ous men who carried us through the fire and blood
of the Revolution, the men who framed your Con-
stitution and early administered it, were Abolition-
ists.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Do I understand the gentle-
man to say that Washington and Jefferson were
Abolitionists ?
Mr. WILSON. I certainly say it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I hope the gentleman
will not complain when I call him one.
Mr. WILSON. This charge of abolitionism
is intended for political effect. The object is to
represent those of us who are opposed to the ex-
tension of slavery as in ftivor or interfering with
it in the States. We are opposed to slavery every-
where throughout God's heritage ; but we acknowl-
edge the rights of the States to control their own
domestic affairs, and we do not propose to inter-
fere with the reserved powers of the sovereign
States of the Union. Sir," the Senator from Illi-
nois knows this to be our position, yet he indulges
in the use of words which he knows are calcu-
lated to misrepresent our position before the coun-
try.
The honorable Senator wishes, he says, to
crush out the spirit of abolitionism. Sir, Caleb
Cushing sent an order to Massachusetts three
years ago to " crush out the element of aboli-
tionism. ' Who has been " crushed out" in New
England ? Perhaps the Senator can ascertain by
■testing his eyes over that side of the Chamber.
" Crush out the spirit of abolitionismWhen
you crush out the spirit of Christianity—when
you crush out the ideas of Democracy, you may
crush out that spirit of liberty which lives and
burns in the hearts of the American people. That
spirit, that sentiment, has laid its grasp upon the
conscience of the people; it has entered into the
Government of the country; it holds every polit-
ical organization in America in the hollow of its
hand; and its triumph is as sure as that the throne
of the Eternal stands.
The honorable Senator complains that I have
misrepresented his remark. I had no purpose to
do so. I listened on that occasion attentively to
the honorable Senator's speech; and, although I
could not testify in regard to the precise expres-
sion, 1 think in that phrase going the rounds of
the public press is embodied substantially his idea
—that they would subdue us."
The people of Kansas never intended to rebel.
They are a law-abiding people. They intend to
maintain their rights. They have done nothing
more; and there "is not a member of the Senate,
not a Senator on this side of the Chamber, that
has ever stood up here and undertaken to justify,
"defend, or apologize for rebellion in Kansas or
elsewhere.
The honorable Senator wishes .the issue dis-
tinctly made. He will have the issue as distinct
as he can desire. We will make our own plat-
form. We do not allow that Senator to make it
for us, or define it for us. We will make it for
ourselves; and, as he says, we will nominate a
candidate committed, fully committed, to its doc- I
times. If we fail, we will cheerfully submit; if
ifcre triumph, we shall embrace in our policy the
whole country, and guard the rights of every sec-
tion of our common country. Threats have been
thrown out that, if the " Black Republicans" tri-
umph in 1856, the Union will be dissolved. Sir,
we heard these idle threatS'when the election of
Speaker was pending in the Other House; but,
when the contest closed by the election of the
"Black Republican" from Massachusetts, his
-chi valrouscompetitorfro'm South Carolinaclaimed
the honor of escorting him to the chair. Sir,
you cannot kick out of the Union the men who
utter these impotent threats. They know the
words of the brilliant Sheridan are true, that
"out <>f oppression is squeezed retribution;" that
" Wherever the heel of oppression is raised, trod-
, den misery springe up and glares around for
| vengeance." They know that they live in a sec-
i tion of this Union where there are nearly four
! millions of an oppressed tace; that there is not a
i mother in the South who would not clasp her
babe closer to her bosom if Bhe believed this
Union would be dissolved. The men who fling
out these idle threats know that they sleep peace-
fully at night because the Union does stand, and
they have the powerof this Government to pro-
tect them.
Sir, the honorable Senator declares that the
honorable Senator from New York is anxious to
be a martyr. I do not belong to the martyr age;
there is little spirit of martyrdom in me. I tell
the honorable Senator from Illinois that I believe
in winning victories now, in this year 1856, and
I intend, at any rate, to fight the battle in the
faith that knows no such word as fail.
Sir, I assure the Senator from Illinois that I
have no desire to misrepresent him. We all
know that he has " a hard road to travel." When
he assumed the leadership of that movement that
put in peril the heritage tne laboring men of the
Republic had looked upon as their own, he en-
tered upon a gigantic task. He has sustained
himself in this perilous contest as he will always
sustain himself, with that energy, that vigor,
which often command success where others would
fail; but I venture to say that the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois will yet experience that sense
of ingratitude which older statesmen have expe-
rienced. The men for whom he fights cannot
afford to be generous. An eminent politician once
said that " political gratitude is a lively sense of
favors to come." He may yet discover that the
.men for whom he has toiled are governed ohly
by " a lively sense of favors to come."
Meanwhile, sir, the good cause daily increases
in strength. In this city, twenty years ago, when
we had not a public man here, when we had not
a State Legislature, I committed myself to the
doctrines which now control many sovereign
States of the Union; and I indulge the hope that
I shall live to see them enthroned in the Govern-
ment of the country, and to see men who have
misrepresented and denounced us confide in us as
men who maintain the true principles of the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the sovereign
rights of every member of this Confederacy.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, nominally,
the Senate is engaged in the consideration of one
of the most important questions which was ever
addressed to it in the exercise of its duties—
thatis, thequestion of receiving a petition. Upon
that question I have settled convictions, undis-
turbed, I think, by any argument that can be
addressed to me; and they are simply these: that
if a petition comes from anybody, addressed in
respectful terms, in relation to a subject which is
or can be undet discussion in the Senate, I will
receive it, and treat it with all proper respect.
Applying that doctrine to this case, if any man,
or any set of men in the Territory of Kansas,
representing themselves as they choose, should
address a petition to this body of the character
I have just described, my vote would be to re-
ceive it, to give it its appropriate reference, and
to endeavor to pass upon it a respectful and sound
judgment. But, Mr. President, it is obvious that
this is, what I denominated it when I rose, but
the nominal question before the Senate. ]
Five hours and more I have sat here to-day, in
the vain hope that this- great question would be
brought to an issue; but the memorial has not
even been read at your desk.
Now, Mr. President, is any man bo blind as
not to see the reason of this movement? Is any
man so blind as not to see its consequences ? This
subject occupied all day on Thursday last. It
was discussed in every point of view; and what
was the result? Why, sir, an illustration of the
suggestion of the honorable Senator from MaSsa- j
chusetts, who hks just taken his seat, that I
" He who fights and runs away,
May live to fight another day!" !
But three votes were found sustaining the
position that was taken, and the vote of that
honorable Senator was not among the number.
Therefore, he lives to fight another day. [Laugh-
ter.] Now, what in fact is the question ?
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senator will allow
tne to interrupt him.
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not observe my colleague
in his seat at this moment, and therefore I reply
for him that he was absent from the city on that
day.
Mr. STUART. I watched that proceeding; it
is not a new one. If I speak somewhat strongly
I hope I shall be excused, for I belong to that
portion of the Senate who desire to do business.
What is the history of to-day ? I wish it recorded
so that the people of the United States may look
at it when they choose. There has not been an
opportunity to offer a memorial or to make a
report. The special orders which involve the
interests of the country have been postponed—
for what ? To be enlightened on the right of peti-
tion? To investigate the subject that is presented
to the Senate in the memorial now asked to be
received? Not at all; but to endeavor to do what
the Senator from Massachusetts says his party
are going to do—to seize the reins of Government.
Yes, sir, this delicate subject, upon which the
people in various sections of the Union are so
sensitive; this one which ought to be abjured
from consideration at any and at all times, except
when it demands serious and respectful legisla-
tion, is thrust in here and seized with the avidity
with which hungry hounds seize a carcase—for
what purpose? That certain gentlemen may raise
into power because of their sympathy for the
black man ? None of it. Because of a desire to
interfere with slavery in the States? That is
denied. Is it to secure quiet in Kansas ? It is
the last object desired. What then, sir? Why,
the Senate of the United States is turned into a
theater, exciting applause from the galleries, that
a party may ride into power; and that, too, by
making a bantling of tne most delicate subject
that exists under our institutions.
At proper times, upon proper occasions, before
the people, in elementary meetings, I have some-
times discussed this question; I expect to do it
again—never, sir, to raise the hydra-headed form
of agitation. This question I have not discussed
in tne Senate of the United States; I will discuss
it whenever there shall be a legitimate subject for
discussion before us, to the extent of my ability;
but that discussion shall be for peace, for haf-
mony. If I Were clothed with the power to spread
over the Territory of Kansas the mantle of peace,
and quiet, and harmony, until it should react on
the States of this Union, I would consider it a
prouder day than to occupy a position in the
White House. He who has no aspirations above
the paltry feeling of power, and is willing to attain
that power by hazarding the interests of thirty
millions of free people, has an ambition that I
desire not to imitate.
Sir, is not the history of this day one which
ought to arrest the attention of the Senate and of
the country ? Every Senator was ready to give
his vote on this question within five minutes after
it was presented. But we have had a biography
of Colonel Lane; we have had the history ofthe
campaigns in which he has been engaged, both
political and warlike, in the country; we have
had everything here except a vote on the ques-
tion. It is—not humiliating, because that would
be a term which would be improper to use in the
I Senate; but it grieves me to see the business of
: the country—that business which demands action
' —thrust aside, day after day, that the wheel may
turn and this old subject be drawn into the arena
. to be kicked and cuffed for five or six long hours.
What good can grow out of it ? None. Is any
expected? None. Is any desired? I am afraid
not, sir—l am afraid not. I would rather see a
remark made years ago by my distinguished
colleague have full force here, and throughout
this country, that the subject to which the hon-
( orable Senator from Massachusetts referred, the
dissolution of this Union, should be an unspeak-
able phrase. I would join heartily in that other
remark of his, and I would ask that every man
should cling to the Constitution as the wrecked
mariner to the last plank, when night and the
tempest surround him. Sir, if there be a man
that can utter, against North or South, a senti-
ment even indicating that that Section cannot be
kicked out of the Union, I bfeg him to reserve
