1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
to mistake—honest, unintentional mistake; and
if it can be now shown that a mistake was com-
mitted against a worthy brother officer, is there
a member of the board who would not desire,
above all things, to restore him, and redeem him
from the wrong which they themselves erro-
neously, and upon misinformation, imposed upon
him ? Undoubtedly.
I am willing to retain all the good, while at the
same time I correct the injustice as far as it is
attainable. That is all I desire. Now, it is pro-
posed thatwe shall have a board of review. Well,
sir, if that board be constituted rightly and proper-
ly, so as to insure an impartial consideration of
the cases submitted to them, it might answer.
How is that to operate ? My friend from Louis-
iana proposes—and his justice will be satisfied
with nothing less, I am sure—to give them back
their cxact positions in the Navy. That is the
only way to do justice. How are you to do it?
Ave we to suspend all the nominations which have
been or may be made to fill the places of tho offi-
cers retired or dropped? If we confirm all the
nominations now made, and their places are filled
by successive nominations made hereafter, how
are you to put those officers back? Not at all,
unless you have a law increasing the numbers of
the respective classes to which they are restored.
Again, are they to be restored to the foot of the
list as now made, or are they to be placed in their
original, numerical position on the Register? t
suppose that, so far as military honor is concerned,
they would as soon be dismissed from the Navy
as to be put down on the list below a single man
to whom they were superior. How can it be
done then? Ifou must displace the men already
put up, and they must be put down by placing
these men ahead of them. Is that proposed? I
should like to know from my honorable friend
from Louisiana whether he seeks to accomplish
that?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will answer my friend
from Kentucky. 1 did not suppose that he de-
sired an answer, and 1 was listening to him with
great interest; but I will answer him now if he
chooses.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator can go on.
Mr. BENJAMIN, I can see not the slightest
difficulty in accomplishing what is proposed—full
and ample justice to those men, whoever they may
be, who may, by the operation of a revisory hoard,
be admitted to have had injustice done to them—
by having them returned to their precise rank in
the Navy, just as they had it before, even after we
shall have confirmed the officers promoted. If
we shall pass a law by which we direct a revisory
board to take into consideration the cases of these
particular officers, and the act of that revisory
board, approved by the President, shall determine
that A as captain, B as commander, and C as
lieutenant, ought to have been retained in the ac-
tive service of the Navy, and if we then provide
by law that, upon that finding, thus aj?provcd by
the President, A, B, and C shall be restored to
active service in the grades which they before
held, they will unquestionably come in with such
rank, relative to the promoted officers, as they
before held. By this course,therefore, while full
justice will be done to them, there will be a few
additional officers in each grade beyond what the
law now authorizes; but we can provide by law
that, us those officers die off or resign, the vacan-
cies shall not be filled until the regular number
shall once more be found in each grade.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, if it
could be accomplished, that would be full indem-
nity so far as rank is concerned; but what are we
to do, who think present injustice has been done
to these men? We go on, and advance others to
their places, with the belief that wrong has been
done them. We appoint a supervisory board.
That board acts six or eight months hence, and
these officers have to pass through all those con-
tingencies before they come back to us again, even
if you can get a revisory law through both
Houses of Congress. Thus we shall have given
up all other remedies; their places will have been
occupied, and the revisory board may fail by the
way. i confess, then, that I see no security at all
for a remedy in the mode proposed. If such a
bill can be passed, and that bill shall constitute a
proper tribunal, I would have no objection to it.
There is not a man whom I wish to see improp-
erly retained in the Navy. I can say, as the
Senatorfrom New Hampshire said, that I have no
relatives, and but few acquaintances, in the Navy
of the United States. I stand here for justice to
all of them, and that I will accomplish so far as I
can do it.
I ha*d hoped that another remedy—more liberal,
more generous, more direct, and more effectual—
was still in the power of this Government; and
I have looked to the committee to whom this in-
teresting subject has been confided for that rem-
edy. I had supposed that the executive depart-
ment of the Government would voluntarily fur-
nish that remedy. To lift up those who have been
cast down, and to restore those who have been
unjustly dealt with, would be an act of great grace.
Why should not the executive department per-
form that act of grace, and through our commit-
tee present to us the names of such as the Gov-
ernment has become convinced have been unjustly
retired or dropped by mistake ? Probably the
whole subject might "be relieved from any diffi-
culty by that couise; but as for executing the
law, and awaiting the prospect of some future
revision of the subject, leaving those whom we
think have been dealt with unjustly to their fate,
under this future contingent remedy to be pro-
vided , is putting them off a long way, and I doubt
whether it is dealing fairly or justly with them.
I should be most happy if the Executive would
take upon itself this gracious office, for it is a
gracious one. I have no reason to doubt that our
President, on a proper presentation of the subject,
so far as he has information or can got infoima-
tioiij would take pleasure in exercising his power,
and recommending the restoration of those offi-
cers who he is satisfied have been unjustly dealt
with. 1 have wished to sec that, for the sake of
the President, as well as for the sake of these
officers,and for the wisdom of this proceeding. I
have no desire that we should plunge hastily or
rashly into it, or act hastily or rashly. X have
wished to see every step we take measured. I
should feel more assurance in the correction of
errors here if our action was preceded, in the way
I have suggested, by recommendations from the
executive Government, who may have been sup-
posed to have been making inquiries on this sub-
ject—who ought certainly to make inquiries. I
have sufficient confidence in the President to
believe that he would take pleasure in doing so;
but he may think that he ought not to take the
initiative. The subject is before Congress, and
lie may suppose Congress should act. He may
think that Congress ought to call upon him. He
may say that he does not know that they desire
his further interposition in the matter. But upon
a proper appeal to him, I cannot doubt that he
would be sensible of the gracious office which is
left for limi, and that he would peiform it gra-
ciously and manfully. I prefer such a mode of
proceeding to the revisory board which has been
suggested, the effect of which I do not know.
!Sir, I have said more, perhaps, than I ought to
have said; I have certainly said all that I intended
to say when I arose. As to the resolution imme-
diately before us, 1 think there will be no division
about that. It only asks for the record of the
proceedings of the board. Surely, there can be
no objection to that. There have been many good
speeches made on this subject, but the most per-
tinentand the best was that of the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Iversojt,] who seemed
to suppose that this resolution had been utterly
left out of the debate, and thatwe were discussing
and disputing on a resolution to which no innn
had ever made any objection. I hope there will
be no difficulty in the passage of the resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, as the name
of the officer in charge of the Observatory lias
been alluded to by the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire and the honorable Senator from
Kentucky/1 deem it due to that officer to make
an explanation which he has sought at my hands,
and which I undertook to make for him. In the
debate which occurred on a former day, in which
he was alluded to, I said that he had been relieved
at his own request from sea-duty on board the
frigate Macedonian, m March, ]KJ7; that he hnd
been relieved from duty at his own request on the
8th of June, 1838; that in January, 3 #40, he was
relieved from sea-duty and leave of absence grant-
ed to him in consequencc of an accident; that in
January, 1841, he was again, at his own request,
relievea from sea-duty on board the frigate United
Stages-; that in February, 1842, he applied for
shore-duty at the Hydrographical Bureau, then
about to be established. In connection with that,
I remarked that, according to the general system
of our Government, clerkships rise to bureaus and
bureaus to departments, and I therefore presumed
he was at the head of the Observatory on his own
application. It appears, however, from Mr.
Maury's statement to me, that he did not apply*
for service at the Observatory. His application
was for service at the Hydrographical Bureau.
The Secretary of the Navy took it under advise-
ment. The Hydrographical Bureau was merged
in the Bureau of Ordnance. I-Ie was not ordered
to the Observatory at his own request, but with-
out his own request; but the statement which I
made before, of his being relieved from duty at
various times, is substantially admitted by him.
I make this correction in justice to him. Let it
go for what it is worth. For myself, I do not see
that it alters the statement that I made in any
material respect.
Mr. President, the case of this gentleman has
attracted a great deal of the sympathies of the
Senate. Ithas been commented on-to-day by the
Senator from New Hampshire. I would not for
a moment withhold a just appreciation from those
of the Navy who, by long service and the solo
and exclusive pursuit of scientific researches,
have won for themselves an honorable name and
conferred nationalreputation on the country; but
I say, at the same time, that this reputation has
been acquired, and these services have been per-
formed, in the private walks of life, in the peaceful
shades of their own homes; and such reputation
and such services do not constitute a claim to
military command. That is the point. The hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire classifies-
the duties of the commander of the Observatory
with those of a naval officer. I do not. 1 draw a
broad line of dcmarkation between them. I say
that, according to the universal acceptation of a
naval officer, he is a mariner upon" the great deep.
There is the legitimate theater and the only theater
for his ambition.
Mr. HALE. Allow me to ask the Senator,
how does he classify the preparation of the Nau-
tical Almanac? Is that a naval duty ? The offi-
cer at Cambridge, who has charge of the prepa-
ration of the Nautical Almanac, was promoted,
while the officer in charge of the Observatory
here was degraded.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, there has
been, as the Senate well know, a larger number
j of officers in the Navy than can~find legitimate
j employment at sea. The country has sought
j other duties for them to perform, and has there-
fore assigned them to duties which are not legiti-
i mate and strictly proper for sea officers. From
j this cause, officers have been assigned to the Ob-
i servatory, to the preparation of the Nautical
I Almanac, to exploring expeditions, and to the
j light-house board. Those who have been doing
I duty under the light-house board have been doing
what the inspectors of the revenue formerly did—-
they have been examining buildings, making
arrangements for supplying light-houses with
oil, and superintending edifices and buildings for
light-houses. These are not the legitimate duties
of sailors. They have been assigned to these
duties in consequence of the number of super-
numerary officers whom we have heretofore had
in th e service.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky makes
what I conceive an unhappy allusion to the great-
est naval hero that ever lived, and attempts to
institute a comparison, and asks, is Lieutenant
Maury disabled, with a broken leg, when Nelson
had a broken arm, and had lost an eye? Why,
sir, there is no comparison between them. Where
Nelson's reputation begins, that of the officer in
charge of tlie Observatory ceases. Concede to
him, if you please, the reputation of a Herschel,
of a Hassler, of a Galileo; give him any civil
reputation vou please; and would it awaken a
solitary aspiration in the mind of a seaman wher-
ever that reputation went? Lord Nelson entered
the British service, if I remember rightly, at thir-
teen years of age. At twenty-one he was posted;
and the whole field of military glory lay then
within his grasp. Before forty ho fought the
battle of St. Vincent as post captain. He led the
boarders on two occasions. Shortly after this he
femght the battle of the Nilej and, before he was
