1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2005
land warrants.
Mr.COBB, of Alabama. 1 ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report back, from the
Committee on Public Lands, a bill which, when
read, every man will see that himself and the
country is interested in.
There being no objection, a bill (No. 392) to
make land warrants receivable at the rate of
$1 25 per acre in payment of public lands, the
price of which is not less than$l 25 per acre, was
reported back with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute. The substitute was reported.
It enacts that land warrants issued, or hereafter
to bo. issued, under any act of Congress, giving
land to officers or soldiers, or their legal de-
scendants, shall be received in payment for any
of the public lands now subject, or hereafter to
become subject, to sale or private entry, the price
of which shall not be less than $1.25 per acre,
at the rate of $1 25 per acre; and repeals all laws
and parts of laws in contravention thereof.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object. I move
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB. I have not consumed an hour of
the time of the House this session, and J have
been in constant attendance here. 1 ask that this
bill may be considered now.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object. It would result
in having the yeas and nays called on that bill.
Mr. COBB. Then I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. COBB. I move the previous question to
facilitate business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Alabama to withdraw his call for the
previous question, that I may make a suggestion,
Mr. COBB. It is not necessary to withdraw
the call for that purpose.
Mr. JONES. The suggestion I would make,
would be to strike out the words, "at a price not
less than $1 25 per aero," so that the holders of
warrants, those to whom they are issued, living
in the more settled parts of the country, if they
prefer to locate their warrants on those lands that
have been a long time in the market, and are now
at graduated prices, can use the warrants at $1 25
per acre in the entry of these lands.
Mr. COBB. That is the law now. That is
the decision of the Department. I have no ob-
jection.
Mr. RUST. Allow me to explain. The law
should allow persons holding warrants to take as
much land at the graduated prices as they would
be entitled to under the warrant, at$] 25 per acre.
Mr. COBB. I was in favor of that; I went
that far before the committee. The bill intro-
duced by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Tiior-
ington] went that far. The Committee on Public
Lands thoroughly investigated that matter; and,
although they would not go that far, they have
instructed me to repoit this substitute. 1 am in
favor of the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. jcwes.] Let it come in as an
amendment to the amendment. I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered, boin^on Mr. jones's
amendment to the amendment, striking out the
words, " the price of which shall not be less than
$1 25."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the substitute, as amended, was also agreed
to.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I move to lay the bill
on the table, and on that i call the yeas and nays.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the House to consent
to this amendment:
Provided, That the said land warrants shall be m the
hands or the ommhil holders.
The question was then taken on Mr. pens-ing-
ton's motion, and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 72, nays 80; as follows:
YJSAc?—Mes-sih. Albrurht, Barbmit, BillinsrhuiPt. Bi-hop,
Buffinfon, Jamo* H. Campbell, Lewi-: !>• Campbell,
Ezia Clark, dawson, Cragm, Damreli, Hemy Wintci Da-
v:-. Dean, Denver, Dickson, timid. Duii'cc, Edwaids,
Kmu'-'. Eu.-tiss, F.ialkner, FJ:igl>'i, Guiding^ Gilboir. Goode,
Grow, Uailan, Hariwun, Iloiloway, Thomas It. Horton,
Valentine K, lloiton, Kelly, Kel&ej, Kmif. Knapp, Knox,
Kunkel, beiter. Metiueen. Moigan, Moudl, Norton, I'ai
: ker, Peck, Peunmirton, Pike, Triable, Robbing, Bust. Sabin,
1 Sage, Sandidge, Supp, Sewaid, Samuel A. Smith, Stanton,
Tappaii, Tayloi, Thurr-ton, Todd. Tratton, Yalk, Wade,
| Wuldron, Ciidwnlader (J. Wa=hbuine, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Welch, Wheeler, Wilhams, Woodvvorth, and Zol-
licoffer—~r2.
: NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Bail, Barclay, Henry Bennett,
j flendley S. Bennett, Benson, BradMiaw, Branch, Brenton,
. Ccidwalader,C<iriki'e,Chaliee, Williamson R. W Cobb, Col-
, fax, Coming Covode, Crawford, Oullen, Cmnbaek, Tuno-
. thy Davis, Dick, Edie, Elliott, Enidi-h, Evans, Florence,
i Foster,Galloway,Granger,Gieenwood,Thoma* L. Jl.uris,
i Haven, lliekman, Houston, How aid, Geoige W. Jonef,
1 Kcnnett, Km«ht. Knowiton, Letcher,bumpkin, Matte^on,
f Maxwell, MeCarty, Smith Miller, Mill&on, Mott, Murray,
! Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Pelton, Perry, Piuvianee,
i Ciuitman, Ready, Richardson, Rivers, Robeits, Rnffm, Sher-
; man, Shoitei, Simmons. William Smith, Sneed, Spmner,
1 Stevrait, Stranah<in,Talhott, Thormgtoii, Walbridge, War-
i ner, Israel Washburn, Watkms, "Watson, Winslow,
I Wood, Woodruff, Daniel B. Wnght, and John V. VViight
; -so.
j So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
i table.
| Pending the call of the roll,
i Mr. PETTIT announced that Mr. TnippEand
1 lnmsclf were paired off on political questions for
j this day.
| Mr. RUST. I move that the vote by which
j the previous question was ordered be reconsidered.
! 1 think that I can convince the House in two
! minutes that the bill in its present shape ought
i not to pass.
; The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon ordeimg the
main question.
j The House refused to order the main question.
! Mr. RUST. The bill, as amended at my sug-
| gestion, or rather at the suggestion of the gentle-
! man from Tennessee, is woise than the onginal
j bill. My proposition was simply to make those
land warrants receivable when entered in the name
\ of the persons or of the heirs or legal representa-
j tives of those to whom they were originally is-
: sued; but it is very different from that as it now
j stands. I call the attention of the gentleman from
| Alabama, who introduced this bill, to the fact that,
; as it now stands, instead of being for the benefit of
1 the actual settlers, it is for the benefit of land
| speculators and stockjobbers. I am sure he did
; not intend.it, but I call the attention of the 1 louse
; to the use that is made of that little word " or."
,! The effect is to make these warrants receivable
as cash at every land sale. I ask the gentleman
| from Alabama if he intended the bill to have that
| gffect ^
i Mr.' COBB. Certainly I did.
j Mr. RUST. Well, sir, 1 hope the bill will
not pass 111 that shape. This little word "or"
, is very immaterial 111 some positions, but here it
■ changes the whole tenor of the bill. 1 now yield
! to the gentleman from Ohio.
• Mr.""CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
' suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
j the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
j Union; and I will state that I propose to take an
I evening session, for the purpose of general de-
! bate. This is the last night that can be devoted
< to that purpose.
I Mr. HOUSTON'. What becomes of this bill?
j The SPEAKER. Undei the practice of the
\ House during the present session, the bill, having
been taken up by unanimous consent, will come
up as the first business in order in the morning,
i Mr. "RUST. L did not so understand it, or I
should not have yielded the iloor.
i Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman from Ohio to
withdraw his motion and allow us to dispose of
this bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL refused to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. ORR. I move, then, that the House ad-
ijourn.
! The motion was disagreed to.
Mr campbei l's motion was then agreed to.
| The rules were accordingly suspended ; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
■ Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hickman
in the chair.)
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio,
the Post Office appropriation bill was taken up
for consideration; and then
On motion of Air. CAMPBELL, (at four
o'clock and fifteen minutes,) the committee took
, a recess una! seven o'clock, p. m.
EYK'VIXO SESSION.
The committee resumed its session at seven
o'clock, (Mr. Hickman in the chair,) the Post
Office appropriation bill being under considera-
tion.
Speeches were delivered by Messrs. BILLING-
HURST, KELLY, NORTON, FOSTER,
HARRIS of Illinois, MOORE, LEITER, and
PEARCE. They will be published in the Ap-
pendix.
At half past ten o'clock, the committee rose,
and the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, August 9, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
trofessor bache.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the consent of the
Senate to allow me to introduce, and have acted
upon at once, a joint resolution, which I know
will give rise to no objection, and require no
i time.
I The PRESIDENTpro tempore. It will require
unanimous consent to allow any business to be
: received, the hour of eleven o'clock having been
j specially appointed for an executive session.
| There being no objection, leave was granted
j to introduce the joint resolution (S. R. No. 37)
authorizing Alexander D. Bache, Superintendent
: of the Coast Survey, to accept a gold medal pre-
| sented to him by the King of Sweden; and it was
I read twice, and considered as iu Committee of
i of the Whole. No amendment being proposed, it
was reported to the Senate without amendment,
I ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
james m. goggin.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate, before we go into executive
session, to consider a little bill of the House for
the construction of an act passed at the last Con-
gress for the relief of Mr. Goggin, which will not
occupy a minute.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (II. R. No. 213) to construe the act entitled,
"An act for the relief of James M. Goggin,"
approved July 27, 1854, which proposes so to
construc the act as to allow Mr. Goggin the same
compensation for his services as special agent of
the Post Office Department in California which
is now paid to his succcssor in office, and also the
amount for clerk hire and office rent that may
bo shown by vouchers to have been actually
paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of Drexel
& Co., Thomas Wiekersham, and others, cred-
itors and holders of bonds of the late Republic of
Texas, praying that the remaining portion of the
I fund appropriated for the redemption of the bonds
| of that Republic may be apportioned pro rata
1 among them; which was referred to the Commit-
! tee on Finance.
1 Mr. FISH presented the petition of Edwin M.
1 Chaffee, praying for an extension of his patent
; for an improvement in the process of manufac-
| turing India-rubber goods; which was referred to
j the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office,
i Mr. SLIDELL presented the memorial of the
I legal representatives of Carlile Pollock, praying
j to be released from liability as sureties of William
t McQueen, deputy postmaster at New Orleans;
! which was referred to the Committee on the Post
i Office and Post Roads.
i executive session.
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. I must ask the Senate to pro-
ceed to execute the order made the day before
yesterday. I am sorry to interfere with the Sen-
ator from North Carolina, but time is being lost,
and I am anxious to proceed with executive
business.
In pursuance of the order made on Thursday,
the Senate proceeded to the consideration of exec-
utive business, and after nearly two hours the
doors were reopened ,
