406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
forty-five, he fought the battle of Trafalgar. He
lost his arm, after he had acquired reputation, in
a boat excursion.
But, sir, his reputation was the reputation of a
sea officcr, of a sea conqueror; and the dead body
of Lord Nelson placed in any of Britain's
" wooden walls," would have awakened, like a
magic charm, the enthusiasm of her seamen
throughout the world; and the man who would
* not have sunk with her a hundred fathoms deep,
would not have been a type of his profession.
But, sir, all the philosophers, mathematicians and
astronomers on the face of the earth, placed on
board of a vessel, would not have awakened any
of those feelings. That is not what the sailor
looks for. When Nelson stepped on shore he
was nobody; he had no reputation there; he had
never performed an act or uttered a sentiment on
shore which gave him the slightest reputation.'
Sir, if the country does demand a Navy, I ask
where is the utility of our excelling m the con-
struction of ships, and what is the use of con-
structing magnificent batteries, unless we follow
our examination and scrutiny into the personnel
of the Navy, and unless we bring to the command
of our vessels the highest energies that man can
possibly possess—those energies which the pur-
suit of the sea preeminently demands above all
others? Unless we do this, we hut construct our
ships and send them to sea for the benefit of our
enemies. From 1792 to 1805, the most brilliant
period in the naval annals of Britain, hor ships
and batteries were in no respect superior to those
of her enemy; nor did her seamen exhibit any
greater daring; but whenever they met any ves-
sels of the enemy they succeedcd in capturing
them. Why was it? Because of the greater
adaptation and greater practical skill of her ntival
^ heroes—her Nelson, her Collingwood, her Jervis,
and a thousand others, of whom the French had
none. Their ability to command on the seas was
not acquired on shore. The gentleman who has
been alluded to lias been sixteen years on shore.
Sir, the sea is a jealous mistress, and she tolerates
no neglect. When Admiral Nelson was on the
French coast, he was for two years on board his
ship without ever leaving her, except for throe
hours, and that brief absence was on his King's
duty. He sought not employment on shore.
Sir, if we are to have a Navy, we must not con-
tent ourselves with building magnificent frigates
and appropriating millions of dollars. The ad-
ministration of the Navy has been managed with
the maximum of expense and the minimum of
good sense. We must not content ourselves with
simply building batteries, but we must bring
proper men to command them. The country de-
mands, and will not "be satisfied with loss, that we
bring to the command of our ships the highest
naval ability, practical experience, and indomita-
ble will that man can command. Otherwise, we
may never riso to any distinction as a naval
Power.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky has
alluded to the case of the gallant Commodore
Stewart. In that connection, and in connection,
also, with what was .said by the honorable Sena- i
tor from Louisiana, I wish to state that the Com- j
mittee on Naval Affairs, in bringing forward this
bill, examined the whole subject in all its details;
and I will quote from the report made on that j
occasion some of the remarks which show the
necessity of reform:
" Wc find from the returns before us that out of sixty-
eight captains forty-two arc waiting orders on shore, at a
salary of $2,500 per annum, (six of whom were, severally,
last at sea in 1816, r28,a31, '34, '38, and'39,) making an
aggregate of $105,000.
u Of ninety-eight commanders, (seven of whom were last,
respectively, at sea in 1815, '29, '33, '34. '36, and >38.,)
there are waiting orders forty-two, at $1,800 per annum,
an aggregate of #76,000.
u Ot three hundred and twenty-six lieutenants, there are
waiting orders fifty-nine, at $1,200, making an aggregate of
$70,800.
44 Of one hundred and ninety-eight passed midshipmen,
there are but eight waiting orders, at $60U—$4,800."
I will read from another portion of the report
to show to the honorable Senator from Kentucky
how the committee regarded the retired list. 1
may say here that, in the inception of the bill,
in the discussions which it underwent in both
Houses of Congress, in the opinion of the Execu-
tive, in the instruction of the Secretary of the
Navy, ay, sir, in the deliberations of this very
board, the retired list was regarded as an honor-
able retirement for officers who had served their
country, but whose ability longer to serve it had
ceased from no fault of their own. The com-
mittee on that occasion said:
"A just distinction should be made between the gallant
old.seaman, whose soul is still in Ins profession, whose
heart beats but for his country, but who is disqualified by
long, faithful, and honorable service, or disease acquirer) in
the active discharge of his duty, and the man who lias uni-
formly and ingeniously contrived to evade his sea duties,
and devolved them upon others—who has succeeded by
political influence, or other resorts to which his noble pro-
fession should be a stranger, in passing the best of his days
upon shore—the man, in short, who is unworthy fiom his
own course, or from oiiginal want of merit. To meet this
distinction, your committee has provided two lists, varying
m pay and pri ilege.
" At this time we have sixty-eight captains, the youngest
of whom is fifty-six years of age ; ninety-seven comman-
ded, seventy-four of whom are between fifty and firty-five,
and the youngest of whom is foity-six; three hundred and
twenty-seven lieutenants, from thirty to fifty; one hundred
and ninety-eight passed midshipmen, from twenty-one to
thirty-seven years of age.
" Your committee, atter carefully examining the rates of
promotion in the several grades, and the average age of
officers, find that, under the present system, lieutenants
when promoted to commanders will be fitty-three, and com-
manders when promoted to captains, seventy-four years of
age."
Now, sir, I will ask the Senate and the coun-
try whether, in the condition in which we find
ourselves at this moment, we are prepared to
tolerate a state of things of this kind, that those
only who are to command our ships abroad shall
be post-captains, and necessarily seventy-four
years of age ? Under our system of promotion by
seniority exclusively, without keeping the Navy
pure and intact, what follows? Why, sir, just
m proportion as the necessity for procuring the
highest energy, ability, and will in a commander
increases, docs the probability of obtaining im-
becility and infirmity increase. That system
ought to have an end, and the good sense of the
country, 1 am persuaded, will not permit its res-
toration. 1 deny that the retirement of the gal-
lant Commodore to whom the honorable Senator
from Kentucky has alluded, carries with it any
disgrace. Is it any disgrace to retire a gentleman
from active service who, in 1798, as he himself
says, left a lucrative position in the merchant
service, and who has been fifty-eight years in the
American Navy? Is he fit for active command,
contending with the young post captains of France
and England ? Let me say here, that at this time
England is inducing her post captains to retire at
fifty-five years of age. She gives them increased
pay and rank if they will retire at the age of
fifty-five. Are we to send out men of four-score
years and ton to contend with them, in the com-
mand of our ships? Then, indeed, the days of
the patriarchs will have returned. Strip the ques-
tion of all sympathy; look at the great national
benefit to be conferred by the system of promo-
tion, and we shall not go back and select captains
for our most active commands from those most
aged.
Is there any disgrace attached to those judges
who, in certain States, are retired at a certain age?
Surely not. The presumption is that they had
better seek the quiet walks of life. Was there
any disgrace in retiring Commodore Stewart,
giving him the highest pay during his life, keeping
him m the position he then occupied, with the
sole disqualification of not being eligible for fur-
ther promotion? As he was the senior captain m
the Navy, he had reached the ultimate step of
promotion, and that, therefore, was not an appre-
ciable disqualification. Tears or no tears, I deny,
looking at the question practically, that any
disgrace has been visited on any man by honor-
able retirement. On the contrary, I say it is the
most generous and most munificent legislation
that any country has ever manifested fonts retired
public servants. The British retired rear-ad-
mirals do not get as much pay as we give our
retired captains. Increase their rank, if you
£ lease, as was remarked by the Senator from
lOuisiana, decorate them with orders, if you
please, make them admirals, if you choose, but
do not call them to fight your battles on the high
seas against the young, energetic, and powerful
navies of Europe.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to ask my friend a
question, as he seems to be well informed on this
subject. In the event of a war requiring efficient
officers, is there anything that would circum-
scribe or control the President in the selection of
any officer to take command of a fleet or a ship?
In other words, would he not have the right to
take the most distinguished officer in the Navy,
if he thought proper, to conduct any operation?
I may be mistaken in my supposition; but I ask
the question in order to know whether it is not
the province—the competent province—of the
President to make a selection of those who are
to fight our battles, without interfering with the
right of others ?
Mr. MALLORY. That right undoubtedly
exists; but there is a disqualification for its exer-
cise. Congress recognizes all officers on the list
as competent to perform all their duties; there-
fore, if the President undertakes to select for the
command of a fleet a junior officer who is not
entitled by the usage of the service to command
a fleet, over the heads of older officers, who, by
their grade, are entitled to that command, what
is the inference? It is certainly derogatory to the
officer who is thus overslaughed in his command.
This is an inference which should not be legiti-
mately drawn, bccause Congress has declared
that, m that event, those officers are entitled to
command. Why, sir, in time of peace, at this
very moment, if a command is given and an
officer overslaughed, he immediately appeals to
political influence to have the matter put right;
and the Secretary of the Navy has to fall before
golitical influence. It is useless to say that the
ecretary may correct abuses himself, and that
he may put officers on furlough. Sir, the power
of the President over dismissals and iurlqughsy
the laws and usages regulating "courts-martial,
the power of the Secretary to enforce" obedience
to his commands, all existed before this law
was passed; yet, in the face of them all, abuses
had grown up to such a magnitude that proposi-
tions were brought forward in both Houses of
Congress—one by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire himself, the greatest friend, as he says, of
the Navy; and in this manner he manifested his
friendship for the service—to cancel the commis-
sions of the Navy; and at one time since I have
had the honor of a seat here, to such a degree
had abuses in the Navy arrived, that majorities
of both the Committees on Naval Affairs were in
favor of canceling the commissions in the service.
Millions of dollars were being expended upon
men who furnished no equivalent for it to the
service. A retired list of the very worst character
existed, because it was in some respects a retired
list for crime as well as for imbecility and in-
firmity.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask a question of the
Senator. I wish to know if, in the exercise of the
power of the President, he has not selected young
men ? Did he not select a lieutenant to command
the great exploring expedition—Wilkes ? Did
he not select Commander Ringgold to go into the
northern China seas ? Did he not select young
Captain Perry to go to Japan? Has he not
usually selected young officers instead of old offi-
cers, and has it made any difficulty ?
Mr. MALLORY. A commodore was first or-
dered to Wilkes's squadron. Gentlemen in time
of peace do not seek commands of this kind, be-
cause those commands require scientific attain-
ments, and no military honor—no military glory
—is to be acquired there; but, in the event of hos-
tilities arising, the case would be different. Then
every man would insist on his right to command,
because, under such circumstances, he would re-
gard his being overslaughed as a disgrace. The
President has the right to overslaugh a man, and
he certainly would excrcisc it in a proper case.
But, sir, the Senator from New Hampshire, as
I remarked before, introduced a proposition to
cancel the commissions in the Navy. It was
introduced in the other House, even, by the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs. Why
was this? It was because, notwithstanding the
power vested in the Executive to correct the
Nav y, abuses had grown up to an enormous mag-
nitude. I saw—every man saw it—that unless
the friends of the service would rally around it
and show a disposition to prune it of its worthless
members, it would fall into irretrievable disgrace,
when I for one would be also in favor of cancel-
ing the commissions, and rearing a new Navy
out of the shattered fragments of the old. In this
condition of affairs, the bill under consideration
was brought forward. Congress, in passing it,
intended something new—something that did not
exist before. They proceeded on the presumption
