2006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 9,
SENATE DEBATES.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay fiom the
contingent fund of the Senate to the prop; le totN of the Union,
National Intelligencer, and Sentinel, tor publishing the de-
bates and proceedings of the Senate lor the last two Con-
gresses* and up to the conclusion of the present session, at
the rate of $4 50 per column: Provided, That neither of said
journals which may have already been paid for any portion
of the above service shall be again paid for the same.
reports from committees.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 398)
to regulate the compensation of members of Con-
gress, reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the House bill making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of Government for the year ending June
30,1857, leported it with amendments, and gave
notice that ne should ask for its consideration on
Monday next.
message fromthe house.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed the bill of
the Senate (No. 358) for the relief of J. R. Powell.
Also, that they had passed a bill (H. R. No.
563) for the relief of Rudolph Kirshmall; in
•which they request the concurrence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills:
H. R. No. 352. An act to confirm to certain
persons therein named their titles to certain lots
m Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin.
H. R. No. 354. An act for the relief of Ben-
jamin La Fonte, William Altenburg, and others.
II. It. No. 553. An act grafting public lands in
alternate sections to the State of Mississippi, to aid
in the construction of railroads in said State, and
for other purposes.
H. R. No. 20. An act for the relief of Robert
Mitchell.
The bills were thereupon signed by the Pres-
ident of the Senate.
bill introduced.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 442)
defining the jurisdiction of the United States
courts in certain cases; which was read the first
and second times by unanimous consent, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
colonel Fremont's accounts.
Mr. BIGLER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolml, That the President of the United State- ho re-
quested to imihc to he communicated to the Semite, at the
earliest day convenient, copies ol the letters and \ouchers
filed in the Departments m support of claims presented bv,
and allowed to, John C. Fremont, as an officer of Hie Uni-
ted States Government, from the time be commenced his
first expedition to CalUornia. in the >\>ar Lb-1'2. showing
what claims, if any, were disallowed, and the rcrt>on  tor
their disallowance. Also, whether any money, pi.iced m
the hands of John C. Fremont lor distmr*enient on the
public account remain unaccounted for at the Treasury j
whether any dmi't^ drawn, or liabilities incurred, by him m*
the public service remain unliquidated; and, if so, m whose
hands are such unliquidated dialts, and why have they not
been paid ? Were appiopriatioris made tor the payment of !
draft5? drawn, or {labilities inclined, (>y htm as an officer of I
the Government which have not heen paid and canceled, ;
placed in his hands under the authority ot l.iw cr other- j
wise? Also, whether there aie any lettets or y peis ou j
file in eithn of the IJepaitments made through a., olticial '
source, charging him with malfeasance hi office, and if am, !
10 furnish copies thereof, and state whcthei he was «u i,ugned j
or such charges, or notified of their existence, and what I
reply did he make theieto? If not arraigned upon the I
charges, why was it not done? With such othei inform- 1
ation as the President and heads of Dep;utnien'< deem >
necessary to throw pioper light on the subject involvi d m I
this resolution. ;
west drinkwater and others. !
Mr. WELLER. I desire to call up a motion j
made the other day by the Senator from Ohio, (
[Mr. Pugh,] to reconsider the vote on the passage i
of a bill in charge of the Senator from Maine. j.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the special order has arrived. ii
Mr. PUGH. I should like to have the motion
to reconsidcr taken up.
Mr. Mr. President 
Mr. PUGH. 1 will say to the Senator from
Maine, that I made the motion at the request of
two or three Senators, in order that they might
be satisfied. I am not satisfied myself in regard
to the bill; but as I have called for the considera-
tion of the question on two occasions, I shall ask
leave to withdraw the motion, unless the Senate
take it up now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour has
arrived for the special order, and must be taken
up.
CONQUEST OF CALIFORNIA.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, which was submitted by Mr. Thom-
son, of New Jersey, on Tuesday, the 5th instant:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to furnish fins body with copies of the dispatches
from Oommodoie Stockton, in 1846, forwarded by Mr.
Chnstopher Carson, giving an account of his operations in
California. Also, if m the possesion of the Government,
any dispatch or history from Messrs. W. 13. Jde, John
Grigsby, and Samuel Nash, relative to the declaration of
independence, and the hoisting of the Bear flag m Cali-
fornia, previously to the arrival of Commodore Sloat on
that station.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. Mr. Pres-
ident, I had the honor to submit, a few days ago,
to the Senate, a resolution asking for copies of
the dispatches which Commodore Stockton for-
warded from California to the Government, in
1846, by Mr. Christopher Carson; and for a copy
of a report or history of the origin and completion
of the revolution in California, signed by William
B. Ide, John Grigsby, and Samuel Nash.
These documents, I think, would throw-light
upon a subject which, from various causes, has
been much misunderstood by the people gener-
ally; and I hope it may be in the power of the
proper Departments to furnish the information
which has been asked for.
These documents relate, sir, to the early history
of the revolutionary and military movements of
the American settler*, and to the operations of
the United States naval forces under Commodores
Sloat and Stockton, in California.
Mr. Fremont has frequently been termed the
conqueror of California. Resolutions adopted
by political meetings have repeated the assertion,
until many intelligent persons sincerely entertain
the opinion that such is the fact. The title to the
one hundred and sixty-fourth chapter of Mr.
Benton's " Thirty Years'View," is Fremont's
third expedition and acquisition of California. In
the Biography of Mr. Fremont, recently pub-
lished, the same claim is also preferred. And it
has been adopted as true by the compiler of a
book of historical incidents of American history,
published in Boston by John Philbrick, 1856.
lint, Mr. President, as a citizen of New Jersey,
I feel called upon to dispute this claim in favor of
Mr. Fremont, and to assert it for one of the most
distinguished sons of that State, my constituent
and friend and predecessor in this honorable
body, Commodore Stockton.
In the examination which I now propose to
make in reference to this claim in behalf of Fre-
mont, it will be perceived, I think, that many
persons (even of the highest official rank, and with
the best means of obtaining correct information)
have been led into error on this subject. The
artful manner in which the acts of Mr. Fremont
have been exhibited, and the prominence given
to him to the exclusion of all others in the narra-
tives of events m California, published in advance
of official documents, induced the belief that he
was the chief actor in all the movements and
battles which preceded the acquisition of that
coun try.
The same impression was, no doubt, made
upon the mind of many who read the message of
the President of the United States in 1846, and
the report of the Secretary of War of the same
year.
The language of the President alluded to,
indeed, was probably furnished by Mr. Benton.
The Presidentsays, " Our .squadron in the Pacific,
with the eoopei ation of a IruI officer in that dis-
tant country, have acquired bloodless possession
of California."
The reason why I impute to Mr. Benton the
authorsh'p of this paragraph in the President's
message is, first, because in his "Thirty Years'
History" he makes the claim for Fremont of the
acquisition of California; and because, in the one
hundied and sixty-fifth chapter of that work, he
says that the President's message was submitted
to him before being sent to Congress, and was by
him modified and altered.
The President of the United States could have
had no motive whatever to exalt Fremont at the
expense of Stockton; but Mr. Benton's relations
to Colonel Fremont were such as would naturally
induce him to claim for the latter an undue share
of merit. Accordingly Stockton is ignored—" our
squadron" substituted for him. His name is not
mentioned, and the cooperation "of a gallant offi-
cer" made prominent.
Not content with inducing the insertion in the
President's message of the paragraph referred to,
there is intrinsic evidence that Mr. Benton fur-
nished to the Secretary of War those portions
of his report which arc now cited by Fremont's
admirers to prove him a conqueror. On pages 173
and 174 of Niles's Register, volume 71, will be
found a letter of Mr. Benton to the President of
the United States, dated November 9, 1846, in
which he states the movements of the American
i settlers who had declared the independence of
' California, and also Mr. Fremont's participation
with them. All his facts are obtained from Fremont
himself, whose letter reciting them appears in the
same volume of Niles's Register, page 191, and
from letters addressed to Mrs. Fremont by her
husband from California.
I have prepared extracts from these letters,
with which 1 will not detain the Senate, but ask
that they may be printed with these remarks.
Mr. benton, intheletterreferred to to the Presi-
dent of the United States, dated November 9,
1846, to be found in Niles's Register, volume 71,
page 173, states that—
" After the most anxious deliberation upon all the dan-
gers ol his position, and upon all the responsibilities of hid
conduct. Captain Fremont determined to turn upon his
pursueis and tight them instantly, without rcgaid to num-
ber, and seek safety for his party and the Amenean settlers
bv overturning the Mexican Government m California. It
was on the 6th day of June that he came to this deteimuni-
tion ; and the icaolution being once taken, all half-way
measures were discarded, and a rapid execution of the plan
was commenced. On the 11th ol June a supply of two
hundred horses for Castro's troops, on the way to his camp,
conducted by an officer and fourteen men, were surprised
at daylight, and the whole captured ; the men and officers
being leleased, and the horses letamed for Amenean use.
On the 15th . at daj'bieak, the military post at Sonoma, (the
point of rendezvous and intended headquarters,) was sur-
prised and taken, with nine pieces of bniss cannon, two
hundied and fifty stand of muskets, other arms and ammu-
nition, with several superior officeis, Geneial Vallijo, (V al-
ya-ho,) his biother, Captain Vallijo, Colonel Greuxdon,
and others, all of whom were detained and < ontined as
prisoners. Captain Fremont then repaired to theAmeii-
can settlements on the llio de los Americanos to obtain as-
sistance ; and receiving an express from his little garrison
of fourteen in Sonora, that General Castro was preparing
to cross the bay of San Francisco, and attack them with a
large force, he set out in the afternoon of the 23d of June,
with ninety mounted riflemen, and traveling day and night,
arrived at two o'clock m the morning of the 25th at Sono-
ra, eighty miles distance. The vanguard of Castro's forces
had crossed the bay — a squadron of seventy dragoons,
commanded by Do la Torre, which was attacked and de-
feated by twenty American*, with a loss of two killed and
some wounded on the part of the Mexicans, and no injury
to themselves, JJe la Torre barely escaping with the loss of
his transport boats, and spiking six pieces of artill"iy.
"The north side of tile bay of San Francisco was now
cleared of the enemy; and on the 4thofJulyCn.pt. Fremont
called the Ameueans together at Sonoma, addressed them
upon the dangers of their situation, and recommended a
declaration ot independence, and wai upon Ca^uo and Ins
troops, as the only means of safety. The independence was
immediately declared and war proclaimed. A few days af-
terwards an officer from Commodore Sloat biouglit intelli-
gence th.it the American flag was hoisted at Monterey—an
example which was immediately followed wherever the
i news flew. The pursuit and defeat of Castro were the only
| remaining enterprise. He had fled south towards thenu-
I merous Mexican settlements beyond Monterey, with his
four or five hundred men ; and Captain Fremont, leaving
some fifty men in garrison, set out with one hundred and
sixty mounted riflemen in the pursuit, when he icceived in-
structions fjom Commodore Sloat to march upon Monterey.
He did so, and found Commodore Stockton in command,
approving the purs-int of Castro, and aiding by all means in
his power. The sloop of war Cyane was put at his ser-
vice," &c.
In these letters it will be found that Fremont
recites various successful military actions. lie
does not say that he participated in them, but states
them in such a way as to leave the inference irre-
sistible that he did so. Mr. Benton and Mr.
Marcy both take such for granted, and so, indeed,
would any one on reading the artful connection in
which they are stated. Besides, there are no
documents on file in the Depaitment from which
the Secretary could have made up the statement
in his report except the letters of Colonel Benton
and Mr. Fremont.
The Secretary in his report states no more and no
