390
APPENDIX WO THE CONGRESSIONAL; GLOBE.
[April 9,
34th Gong.... 1st Sess. Massachusetts Personal Liberty Bill, etc.-—Mr. Shorter.
Ho. of Reps.
South was robbed of an empire on the Pacific,
richer than that of the Caesars. The terror of
the Mexican law abolishing slavery now hangs
over Utah and New Mexico, and excludes south-
ern emigration. At the point of the Federal bay-
onet the citizens of Texas were driven off from
a part of their soil, and forced to sell her slave
territory to enlarge the limits of an embryo free
State. You violated the Constitution of theXJnited
States by abolishing the slave trade in the District
of Columbia, and giving freedom to the slave as a
Fenalty for the infraction of the law. And what,
ask, did we of the South reccive ? Qid we not
bear our full share of the burdens which that
war imposed ? Did we not furnish nearly two
thirds of the soldiers, and among them the flower
of our chivalry, who fought those memorable
battles which shed such imperishable glory upon
our arms? Was nota southern General the hero
of Buena Vista? Did not my distinguished friend
who now sits near me, [General Q,oitman,1 than
whom a truer patriot or braver soldier never jived,
cause the first American flag to be unfurled in the
hour of victory over the Capitol of the enemy?
All this was done by the South; and nota foot of
the territory acquired by the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo was assigned to us !
But what did we get under the misnamed '1 com-
promise" of 1850? The fugitive slave law, and the
repeal of the old Missouri restriction! Why was it
necessary for the South to abandon rights so im-
portant to her welfare for the act to recover her
fugitive slaves? Did not the Constitution, from
the foundation of the Government, guaranty her
that right? Certainly it did. But the North
refused to execute the law of 1793. Under such
circumstances, therefore, and asa compromise with
the North, the act of 1850 became a law. It
clearly is entitled to more consideration than mere
ordinary legislation. But, notwithstanding that,
the Abolitionists themselves assert that the South
has lost in fugitive slaves $35,000,000 since the
passage of the act. During the present session
of Congress we have heard gentlemen, represent-
ing here States that have nullified this law, either
by positive enactments or by mob violence, des-
cant extensively about " compacts" violated on
the part of the South. I hope and pray God that
my section of the Union may never again, in an
evil hour, be inclined to " compromise'' with the
North on the subject of slavery. A few more
such compromises as those we have made, and
the fate of the South will be sealed.
Let us now briefly examine this personal lib-
erty bill of Massachusetts, about which so much
has been said, and ascertain what are its pro-
visions. I want the whole country, both North
and South, to understand it; for I have never seen
it published in full in any newspaper. I had to
send to Boston for the copy which I have.
The act extends to fugitive slaves the right of
trial by jury and habeas corpus.
It authorizes the State officers to bail the slave
without a minimum limit, and gives the jury the
right to determine both law and fact.
The owner is not allowed to testify; no confes-
sions, admissions, or declarations of the slave are
admissible in evidence; and no ex parte deposition
or affidavit received in proof in behalf of the
claimant.
• AU persons holding office under the laws of
Massachusetts are prohibited from issuing war-
rants, or serving process in fugitive slave cases,
under penalty of forfeiture <jf tummission and dis-
qualification forever there after for holding any office
in that State.
The counsel for claimant is prohibited from
ever again practicing law in Massachusetts.
Sheriffs, and all other officers in that State, are
prohibited from aiding in the arrest and return of
a fugitive slave, under penalty of a fine not less
than one thousand dollars, and by imprisonment in
the penitentiary for not less than one nor more than
two years !
The act further provides for the appointment
of attorneys in each, county, whose duty it is to
defend all fugitive slaves at the expense of the State
of Massachusetts, and refuses the use of the jails
for the benefit of their owners.
Such, sir, is the personal liberty bill of Massa-
chusetts! Is it not wholly at war, not only with
the spirit, but the letter itself, of that clause of
the Constitution which binds Massachusetts to
deliver up our slaves " on claim of the owner? "
Does it not completely nullify the act of 1850?
What, I ask, is the constitutional right of recap-
ture on her soil worth to the South to-day ? Before
the passage of the personal liberty bill, it cost
about $30,000 to execute the law of Congress
when the slave Burns was arrested in Boston.
Now, should my slave escape into that State, and
I follow him, and comply with all the requisitions
of the Federal law, I cannot recover my property.
No attorney can represent my cause! Should I
be fortunate enough to arrest my slave, a com-
mon justice of the peace has the power to issue
the writ of habeas corpus, and discharge him on a
bail bond, with no heavier penalty than one dollar!
No State officer can come to my assistance, be-
cause the penitentiary would be his reward.
The fugitive slave law of 1850 denies to the
slave the rightof trialby jury andhabeas corpus
in the State where he is arrested. The law of
Massachusetts confers that right upon him, and
thereby conflicts with the act of Congress. If
fugitive slaves are to have the benefit of the writ
of habeas corpus and jury trial in the North, the
South might as well consent at once to strike out
from our Constitution the right of recapture.
We want the substance, not the mere shadow of
our rights. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Granger] admitted in his speech that the writ of
habeas corpus " would make slavery impossible
in America." Of what value would "trial by
jury" be to southern men in Massachusetts? I
do not believe that a slave would ever be sur-
rendered to his master by a verdict of such a
tribunal. It would be almost impossible to em-
panel a jury in that State without having some
men on it who believe in a higher law tnan the
Constitution. How does Massachusetts attempt
to justify her conduct before the people of this
country ? She says that the act of 1850 is uncon-
stitutional, and that therefore she will not submit
to it. That law was passed by Congress in 1850,
and was signed by Mr. Fillmore. When Presi-
dent Pierce was inaugurated he said in his address
that this act was " strictly constitutional," and
should be " unhesitatingly carried into effect."
But upon wha<* grounds does Massachusetts
claim that the law is unconstitutional ? Because
it withholds from the slave " trial by jury" and
benefit of " habeas corpus." The act of 1793
was similar in that respect to the act of 1850.
Neither of them conferred any such right upon
the slave. That law has often been examined
by the highest judical tribunals of the country,
and always sustained.
Pennsylvania once passed a law by which an
attempt was made to regulate and qualify the right
of the South to reclaim her fugitive slaves. She
did not go half as far as Massachusetts has gone
towards defeating that right. Her law was re 
viewed at length by Mr. Justice Story in the Su-
preme Court of the United States, in the case of
Prigg vs. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. As
his opinion covers the whole question, I ask the
indulgence of the House to read certain parts of
it. Speaking in reference to that clause in the
Constitution which treats about fugitive slaves,
he says:
" The clause was of the lift importance to the safety and
security of the southern States; and could not have been
surrendered by them without endangering their whole prop-
erty in slaves. How, then, are we to interpret the language
of the clause ? The answer is, in such a manner as con-
sistently with the words shall fully and completely effect-
uate the whole objects of it." * * *
" The clause manifestly contemplates the existence of a
positive, unqualified right on the part of the owner of the
slave, which no State law can in any way qualify, regulate,
i control, or rtxtrain. The slave i3 not to be discharged from
service or labor in consequence of any State law or regula-
tion."
"Now, certainly, without indulging in any nicety of
criticism upon words, it may Curly and reasonably be said,
that any State law or State regulation which interrupts,
limits, delays, or postpones the right of the owner to the
immediate possession of the slave, and the immediate com-
mand of his service and labor, operates, pro tanto, a dis-
charge of the slave therefrom."
The question-, sir, resolves itself into a nut-
shell. _ If the personal liberty bill of Massachu-
setts, in any particular, " interrupts, limits, delays,
or postpones, the right of the owner to the imme-
diate possession of the slave,"the Supreme Court
says it violates the Constitution of the United
States. That law does all these things, and
more. It is not only unconstitutional, but is a
flagrant breach of good faith to the South on the
part of Massachusetts. I concur fully with the
President of the United States in the opinion
expressed in his late annual message, that such
an act " would be cause of war as between foreign
Powers, and only fails to be such in our system
because perpetrated under cover of the Union."
Mr. Chairman, the fact cannot be concealed—
it is so apparent that he " who runs may read
it"—that the nullifying law of Massachusetts is
the legitimate offspring of the deep-seated anti-
slavery feeling which controls the mind and heart
of her people. To carry out their fanatical pur-
poses, they will override law, order, the Consti-
tution, and the church itself. They are thor-
oughly identified with the radical Abolitionists
who met last year in Syracuse, and proclaimed
to the world that there was no " legal slavery in
the United States." That convention adopted a
resolution calling upon all the northern States to
pass laws to nullify the fugitive act of 1850. In
their published address to the people of this coun-
try, they say:
" Fugitive slave bills are an outrage, because slavery is
an outrage. They are unconstitutional, because slavery is
unconstitutional. They are to be trampled under foot as
unlawful, because slavery is to be trampled under foot as
unlawful. The National Government is to repeal them by
the national suppression of slavery."
Now, sir, the resolutions which I offered to the
{ House embraced this principle;—that whenever
\ any State in the Union, in its sovereign capacity,
nullifies the laws of Congress and the Federal
Constitution, it is practical secession on the part
of said State; and that the General Government
represented by Congress, ought to ignore that
j State in all the appropriation bills, and exclude her
I from representation here. That, sir, is my doctrine,
j I believe in the right of a sovereign State to
. secede from the Union whenever she determines
j that the Federal Constitution has been violated
i by Congress; and that this Government has no
' constitutional power to coerce such seceding State.
Two, at least, of the original thirteen States, so
guarded were they upon that point that, when they
ratified the Constitution, they expressly reserved
the right to resume all the powers they had dele-
gated to the Federal Government. This Govern-
ment has no original, no inherent powers. All it
possesses were derived from the States, and it is
limited to the exercise of those only, and cannot
transcend them. Whenever the agent is greater
than the principal—the creature than the creator,
then, but not till then, will the Federal Govern-
ment be greater than the sovereign States of this
Union. I do not believe in the doctrine that a
State oan nullify ihe laws of Congress—trample
under foot the Constitution, and at the same time
remain in the Union. The two positions are
wholly inconsistent with each other. She cannot
be allowed to share the benefits of the Govern-
ment while she refuses to bear its burdens and
submit to its authority. Whenever a sovereign
State assumes that position she places herself
outside of the Union. From whence do you
derive the power to coerce back into the Union a
seceding State? Can you point your finger at
the clause in the Constitution which confers it?
Do you find it in that section which says that
the " Constitution, and the laws of the United
States which shall be made in pursuance thereof,
&c., shall be the supreme law of the land?"—and
that the President " shall take care that the laws
be faithfully executed ?" When you read that
| to me, I point-you to the debates in the conven-
; tion which framed that Constitution—to the propo-
sitions which were there submitted by Governor
Randolph, Charles Pinckney,and Mr. Patterson,
to confer this very power on the General Gov-
ernment; and which, after full discussion, were
all voted down. Jefferson and Madison, it is
reasonable to presume, understood the Constitu-
tion. The Virginia resolutions of 1798, and those
of Kentucky in 1799, (and which, at the late
Democratic convention in Virginia, were reaf-
firmed,) expressly assert the right of the States
to determine for themselves the constitutionality
of the laws passed by Congress; and to interpose,
in their sovereign capacity, for " maintaining
within respective limits the authorities, rights,
and liberties appertaining to them." Again, when
Congress came to legislate for the purpose of car-
