1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2007
less than is contained in those letters, and sets forth '
the facts in the order precisely as stated in them.
These facts relate to the time when Fremont
joined the movement of the American settlers in
favor of independence, to two actions m which
the Californians were defeated, and the taking of
Sonoma. The Secretary relates these events so
as to produce the impression (no doubt made on
his own mind) that Fremont was among the first
to countenance the independent movement—that
he took part in the defeat of the Mexicans and
the capture of Sonoma.
But we have, however, positive proof showing
that Fremont had nothing to do with these several
events.
In Niles's Register (vol. 73, pp. 110 and 111)
will be found a history of the movements of the
American settlers in May, June, and July, 1846,
prior to Commodores Sloat and Stockton's arrival
in California. This history was compiled and
published by the settlers themselves, and signed
with the names of the leaders, W. B. Ide, John
Grigsby, and Samuel Nash. But the credit
which belongs to these adventurous and enter-
prising Americans for their gallant deeds has
been appropriated to Fremont, without any
acknowledgment whatever; nor are their names
even to be found in any of the private letters or
dispatches to Government which have yet been
published.
I ask to print the extracts which I have made
from this history, with my remarks:
" Information was received by Mr. VV. B. Ide, living on
the Sacramento, on the 8th of June, by letter, brought by
an Indian runner, that two hundred mounted Mexicans
were on their march up the Sacramento river, with the
design of destroying the crops, burning the houses, and driv-
ing olFthe cattle belonging to the foreigners. Mr. Ide im-
mediately visited the settlements on the Sacramento, and
finding most of the men of the valley with Captain Fiomont,
repaired to his camp. He then conversed with Captain
Fremont on the subject of the revolution, who advised im-
mediate ©inanimation and resistance on the pan of the for-
eigner'?, but declined any action on his part, or that ol' the
men under his command. Captain Fremont theninfoimed
hun that he then expected to leave toi the States in two
weeks. In the mean time, a paity of Americans had gone
in pursuit of some Mexicans who were collecting hoir.es,
had taken them prisoners, and secured two hundred of their
annuals, which were to have been mounted by Mexican
soldiers, and employed in expelling the foreigner*., a<? well
as Captain Fiemont, from the country. It was quite appa-
rent that further and more decisive action was necessary to
secure the lives and property of the immigrants •, and it was
determined to seize the Fortof Sonoma, wiiere many of the
Government officers were quartered, and munitions of war
were stored. A parry was raised, and upon the 14th of
June arrived at, and seized Sonoma by surprise, and without
resistance, and directly thereafter William B. Ide was
elected commander of the paity. Dr. Semple immediately
called a meeting, with the view of taking some action lor
foiming a provisional government. The prisoneis were sent
to the tfactameuto, and placed under the protection of Cap-
tain riemont. and the property of the fort secured, and a
gammon f*tal>Iu-hed for its further protection.
•' Measures were adopted in reference to foreign importa-
tions; Horace launders was appointed commissary. A na-
tional flag wa  agreed upon. ' Captain Jde was made cap-
tun genewi!.' k Measures were taken to secure public and
private property.' i The general-in-clnef on the 16th dis-
patched Mr. Todd on a mission to Captain Montgomery,
of the United States ship Portsmouth, for the purpose of
obtaining a quantity ofgunpowder. He declined furnishing
it, on the ground that, so far as he knew, the United States
were at peace with the Mexican Government,' &e., Stc.
" On the 21st, Captain Gngsby returned from the Sacia-
mento valley, and was elected captain of the first company
of riflemen, and the fort placed under his command. Lieu-
tenant L. II. Ford was dispatched ui pursuit of a company
of Mexicans, and found them 5 they pioved to be two hun-
dred in number; gave them a fight, killed eight and wounded
thirteen ; after which they lied. This victory gave a decided
character to the revolution, and convinced the Spaniards
that it was not prudent to attempt the capture of any more
prisoners.
"The 2oth of June Captain Fremont, and the men under
his command, arrived at Sonoma, and were received with
joy by the garrison, which was composed of about one hun-
dred men, exclusive of Captain Fremont's command, and
of some twenty who were ah-ent on other duly. In the
mean time, as report said. General Castro was'bu-^y in cross-
ing men from the other side of the bay to San Soluo. Cap-
tarn Fremont invited Lieutenant Ford to accompany him, |
with the same men he had commanded in the engagement !
before spoken of in an expedition against Jose Castro. |
Thiee or four days were spent m endeavoring to bring the
Mexicans to an engaaem^nt, but without suecc^. (\1st10 j
had succeeded in landing about two hundred men 011 the
north side of the bay; and finding the ground untenable,
was desuous of diverting Captain Fremont from his object
of pursuit, while hi-, men might reembark. He accord-
ingly sent three men with paper®, calculated to deceive
Captarn Fiemont into the idea that Sonoma wa«, on a cer-
tain time, to be attacked by a large force, and ordered them
to discover themselves to his command. The stratagem ■
had the desired effect, although the spies lost their lives.
Captain Fremont repaired to Sonoma with all possible dis-
patch, where he arrived at the early dawn of day, and was
pleased to find his fi tends still in the possession of the post,
and at the guns with lighted matches in their hands."
At a meeting called to order by General Ide, j
Colonel Fremont said he would make a proposi-
tion to the men then before him, that, although !
he could not and would not intermeddle in the ;
internal affairs of California, yet, if the men pres-
ent would pledge themselves to abstain from all
acts of violence against peaceful families, and to
obey all orders of officers of their own choice in their
endeavors to effect the declared purposes of the
revolution, he would " not only assist them by his
advice, but that he would volunteer his whole
force against Castro, and that he would stand by
them, at least until Castro shall have been sub-
dued."
From this history, related in a plain and sim-
ple manner, and bearing every evidence of truth-
fulness, it appears that, whilst these important
events were transpiring, Mr. Fremont was quietly |
reposing 111 his camp on the bank of the Sacra- j
mento, and that he did notunite with the Ameri- ;
can settlers, or render them any assistance,until \
after they had apparently succeeded in maintain- |
ing themselves. :
Mr Benton, and Mr. Marcy after him, repre- ]
sent, that on the Cth of June, Fremont formed the i
determination to commence offensive measures. |
Messrs. ide, Grigsby, and Nash say that on the ;
8th of June, two days after this, Mr. ide repaired to ;
Fremont's camp on the Sacramento, and " con-
versed with him" on the subject of the revolution,
and Captain Fremont ''advised immediate organ-
ization, and resistance on the part of the foreign-
ers,^/ declined any action on his part, or that of
his men." " Captain Fremont informed him that
he then expected to leave for the Slates in two
weeks." Colonel Benton, in Ins letter to the
President, states, as a consequence of this com-
mencement of offensive measures on the part of
Fremont, the capture of a party with two hun- ,
dred horses, and the surprise and captuie of j
Sonoma, so as to produce the impression that 1
Fremont directed and took part in these actions. 1
Such, however, was not the fact. Both of those ;
affairs took place through the agency of the set- '
tiers, without his presence or assistance. Again: 1
On the 21st, Lieutenant Ford, at the head of a J
company of seventy American emigrants, met i
and defeated two hundred Mexicans. Tins ex- |
ploit is also appropriated in the same way by ,
Colonel Benton and Mr. Marcy for Mr. Fremont.
And it was not until after this, when victory gave
a decided character to the revolution, that Fre-
mont participated in the designs of the emigrants."
On the *25th of June, the history states, u Captain
Fremont and the men under his command arrived
at Sonoma, (Sonoma was taken by the settlers on
the 14th,) and were received with joy by the gar-
rison." The remark that they '* were received]
with joy," if nothing else does, shows that Fre- ,
mont had not acted previously with thern, or else \
there would have been no occasion for such an j
expression. But Fremont now took the field \
against Castro, and invited Lieutenant Ford with !
his command to join him. The history states, 1
" three or four days were spent jn endeavoring to :
bring the Mexicans to an engagement, but with- :
out success. Castro was desirou-j of diverting!
Captain Fremont. He accordingly sent three j
men with papers, calculated to deceive him into ;
the idea that Sonoma was to be attacked. The
stratagem had the desired effect." Fremont set oil '
for Sonoma, and left Castro to retreat in safety. :
Of course he found Sonoma unmolested. But ]
Mr. Benton seizes the opportunity to eulogize .
the wonderful performance of Fiemont, in mak- >
ing this false movement, and traveling eighty ;
miles in less than twenty-four hours. " Captain ,
Fremont," continues the history, " and his men ,
returned in pursuit of Castro, and arrived at the ,
bay just vi time to see that the last of Castro "s men |
had reembarked with fill their baggage." This ,
trip to Sonoma is one of Mr. Fremont's " ex- !
ploits." i
The history further shows that the flag of in- !
dependence was raised in the middle of June by j
the American emigrants, without the aid, pres-j
ence,or cooperation of Fremont. Yet Fremont, .
in his letter to Colonel Benton, July 25, 1846,
claims to have prompted the declaration of in-
dependence on the 4th of July. The " history"
states that the national, or Bear flag, with the
words " California Republic " on it, was raised in
the middle of June, and before Fremont joined
them; and that a provisional government had
been organized, and William B. Ide elected cap-
tain general.
Fremont says he assembled the people on the
4th of July, and addressed them, and advised a
declaration of independence. The history states
that the 4th of July was celebrated at Sonoma by
reading the Declaration of Independence of the
Thirteen States, firing cannon, &c. But on the
Gth the companies (of volunteer settlers) were
formed and marched into the large hall. The men
were called to order by General Ide. There were
one hundred and eighty men present, exclusive
of Captain Fremont's command, of about forty
men. Captain Fremont addressed the assembly,
and promised to aid them with his advice, and to
cooperate with them if they would pledge them-
selves to obey " the officers of their own choice."
General Ide replied, and said " there was not a
man present who had not already volunteered his
life, his property, and his reputation in an honor-
able support to the revolution," showing clearly
that the revolution had already begun, and that
it had not been then, first commenced by Mr. Fre-
mont, as is claimed for him by himself and his
biographers.
This history does not show that the "chief
direction of affairs" was given to Mr. Fremont,
as claimed for him; but, on the contrary,General
Ide was chief of the movement, and captain
general; and by him, " under a discharge of can-
non, with appropnate ceremonies," was the flag
of the Republic of California first raised, and by
him, also, was the proclamation of independence
signed and issued. The overtures for assistance
by the American settlers having been repulsed
by Fremont early in June, when they were com-
mencing hostilities, they never thought of invest-
ing him with the leadership after their measures
had been crowned with success; and, without
evidence to the contrary, such a proceeding would
have been extremely improbable. But in the
face of these express statements, that General
Ide, and not Fremont, was their leader,Mr. Fre-
mont's claim, made in his letter to Colonel Benton
the 25th of July, 1846, must be considered en-
tirely without foundation.
In his Thnty Years' View, Mr. Benton states
that " Fremont determined to put himself at the
head of the people, and to save the country. To
repulse Castro was not sufficient—to overturn
the Mexican Government 111 California, and to
establish Californian independence, was the bold
resolve and the only measure adequate to the
exigency."
Messrs. Ide, Grigsby, and Nash, on the other
hand, say that Fremont, in the address to the
settlers, before referred to, on the -6th of July,
declared that he had determined to pursue and
take Irre Castro, whom he considered but a
usurper in California, being unauthorized by the
Mexican Government. He said, " that although
he could not, and would not, intermeddle in the in-
ternal affairs of Californiahe would, on certain
conditions, " not only assist them with his ad-
vice, but that he would volunteer his whole force
against Castro, and that he would stand by them
at least until Castro shall have been subdued."
How different is this plain statement of the
leaders of the 1 evolutionary party fiom that of
Mr. Benton ! In it you find nothing of " Mr.
Fremont placing himself at the head of the people
to save the country "—of overturning the Mex-
ican Government in California, as the repulse of
Castro was not sufficient—and to establish inde-
pendence. The " bold resolve" of Mr. Fremont
seemed to be unknown to those with whom he
was about to cooperate. His engagement with
them was for a limited and specific service, and
for a single object, and that was the pursuit and
capture of Castro, in which he was signally un-
successful. So far from engaging to overthrow
the Mexican Government in California, and to
establish independence, he expressly states that
" he cannot, and will not, intermeddle with the
internal affairs of California;" and yet the claim
is boldly made for him by his father-in-law, of
having overthrown the Mexican Government and
established independence; for he adds, after the
" bold resolve " was taken, it " was executed
with a celerity that gave it a romantic success."
Nor is mora dependence to be placed in the
statements of Mr. Beaton with reference to the
operations of our naval forces than in those of
the settlers which I have just examined.
