1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
407
that the testimony of a man's peers in any profes-
sion was the best testimony that could be had of
his professional standing, as in the case of lawyers
judging of lawyers, seamen of seamen, judges
of judges. Throughout the earth the standing
of a man among his peers is prima facie evidence
of his true standing; and upon that philosophy
the bill was passed. It was shielded by all the
safeguards which Congress could throw around
it. The idea that member^ of the board have
voted upon their superiors is untenable. Unless
you had elected the fifteen oldest officers in the
service, and made old age, or seniority of com-
mission, the test for those serving upon the board,
you could not have framed a board of naval offi-
cers in which some would not have had to pass
judgment upon those above them; but if it was
important to get the standing of a man in his
profession, you rightfully referred it to the Navy
itself.
I am not surprised that the Senator from New
Hampshire is anxious to do away with all the
good the board has done. I know the benevo-
lence of his heart in this matter; I know he thinks
great injustice has been done; and he says he
wishes the remedy to be as broad as the wrong.
He is willing to take back old age and infirmity,
insanity, drunkenness, and imbecility of every
kind, because that would be as broad as some of
the injustice which has been done. I am not
astonished at that, because the honorable Senator,
as I remarked just now, has heretofore introduced
a proposition to cancel all the commissions in the
Navy.
Mr. HALE. My proposition was to limit, not
to cancel them.
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir; limit them to four
years; but I see no distinction in point of fact
between that and canceling them. If those were
his views then, what ought they to be now, when
the Navy has shown that it is cancerous to the
very core. After he had restored these two hun-
dred and one men, who have been found wanting
and deficient by their peers, what then would be
the verdict of the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire on the condition of the Navy? Would
it not furnish him with two hundred and one
arguments which he had not before for with-
drawing all those commissions?
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from Ken -
tuckv, [Mr. Crittenden,] if I correctly under-
stand his position, is opposed to the confirmation
of the commissions of the officers promoted, until
an examination shall be instituted by some au-
thority in every case upon which the board has
acted. I will simply submit to the Senator, that
an examination in order to come up to what I
imagine he has in his mind's eye, would occupy
weeks in one solitary ease. Some of these very
men are in the East Indies; others on other sta-
tions; and no examination in their cases can be
had without their attendance. If you wore to
constitute a tribunal now to take those eases in
hand, and give each man the advantage of all the
forms and regulations and proceedings of a trial
at the common law, to confront witnesses, to have
counsel, to be heard, it would be impossible for
the sagacity of this body to tell when the thing
would terminate.
But I propose, in discussing this question, to
say frankly that I am unwilling to see injustice
done anywhere, and that I believe, from investi-
gation, that there are some gentlemen whom the
board has removed from the active service list
who ought to be put back. There arc some—I
regard them certainly as very few—and I regard
the remedy suggested casually by the honor-
able Senator from Louisiana as meeting the whole
case perfectly. But, sir, I certainly must put for-
ward my earnest objections here to bringing up
the case of Commodore Stewart, and the case of
the officer in charge of the Observatory as cases
that call for justice at the hands of the Senate.
The officer in charge of the Observatory has ap-
plied for relief from his duties, and has been
relieved at his own request.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. How often?
Mr. MALLORY. I have read the dates before,
but I will recapitulate them. He was relieved
from sea-dutyonboard the frigateMacedoman in
March, 1837. He asked at that time, I tlnnk,
for furlough of a year. He was relieved from
duty at his own request, June 8, 1838. In Jan-
uary, 1S40, he was relieved from sea-duty, and
leave of absence was granted him in consequence
of an accident. In January, 1841, he was relieved
at his own request from sea-duty on board the
frigate United States. In February, 1842, he ap-
plied for shore-duty at the Hydrogiaphicol Bu-
reau.
Now, sir, I am not disposed to sit quietly by
and allow this ease to be presented as one of
hardship. If I were disposed to let sympathy
govern me in this matter, my sympathies would
be for men who have been dropped from the ser-
vice altogether, whose families have been left
destitute, who have 110 profession to fly to, and
110 hope for the future but to enter into whatever
employment chance may throw 111 their way. If
1 allowed my sympathies to control my judgment
in this matter, it would be for those, and not for
a gentleman who has been relieved from sea-duty
at Ji3s own request, and for the last sixteen years
has not put his foot on board a naval ship, and
has not performed an hour's sea-duty, but has
uniformly enjoyed the most favorable position,
and received the very highest pay known to the
American Navy. Sir, I speak for the whole
Navy; I speak for those men who have passed
years on the coast of Africa amid the fevers of
that coast, and who have brought home with
them the seeds of disease which are hurrying
them to their graves. Those are the men for
whom I am disposed to exercise my sympathies,
and not for men who have chosen to identify
themselves with scientific pursuits in the ordi-
nary peaceful walks of life upon shore.
Sir, we think of the seaman as a mariner on the
deep to whom we intrust the honor of our flag,
to carry it abroad on the high seas; we never
think, of him as a philosopher. Mr. Mauiy's
reputation as a civilian—call it what you please—
would never awaken a throb in the heart of
an American seaman, f acknowledge, that Com-
modore Stewart's would. 1 acknowledge that
Stewart's dead body put on the Pennsylvania
to-morrow would probably render her impreg-
nable and unconquerable; but you might fill her
with Maurys from keel to deck, and they would
not awaken a response in the seaman's heart.
I consider him as a man whom the country
has delighted to honor; and I am not disposed
to withhold just commendation from any man,
naval or otherwise, who in scientific pursuits has
sought reputation, and conferred honor upon the
country; but I deny that that is the kind of rep-
utation, or the kind of service, which conveys
any right to military command. I deny that any
country on earth has ever honored her scientific
men with military commands. As I remarked
before, the greatest naval heroes are those who
know least of shore; they are never on shore but
they desire to go to sea.
Now, sir, in saying this, I bog leave to be un-
derstood as conceding fully to Lieutenant Maury
everything which his warmest friends would ask
for him. He has conferred honor on his country.
At this time, however, Groat Britain has fifteen
thousand guns afloat; she has more than five hun-
dred ships, the most efficient that ever sailed upon
the ocean; she is inducing her captains to retire
into privacy at the age of fifty-five; and she is
manning all her ships with young and energetic
men, and bringing to that work all the talent and
power and energy that man is capable of pro-
ducing; and these are the ships, these the men,
with whom our country, in any naval contest,
would have to contend. Will you put your bat-
teries in charge of scientific men who have not
been on board a ship for sixteen years to meet
them ? Will you put them in charge of men over
eighty years of age to meet themr Sir, if you
do, I say heie that the common sense of the coun-
try would not bear vou out, because no man in
his private capacity would thus intrust his prop-
erty to men of this kind.
Mr. President, I have been drawn into saying
thus much, not because I wished to discuss the
subject now, but m consequence of the remarks
of my friend from Kentucky 111 relation to Com-
modore Stewart, and of the Senator from New
Hampshire in relation to Mr. Maury. I am per-
fectly frank in saying that I do not regard either of
these cases to be such as the Senate will be called
upon, when they examine them dispassionately,
to alter; but I will say here, that I do desire to
see a remedy opened, and I hope to bring in a
proposition which will receive the assent of the
Senate to open fairly and fully a remedy to every
officer who fancies that he has. been aggrieved,
and particularly to those who have been dropped,
because their cases ar$ the hardest, where they
can go to meet any allegations or charges on
which they have been dropped—meet them fairly,
and show their efficiency; that is, without the
slightest difficulty. We can enlarge these grades
of captains, commanders, lieutenants, masters,
and passed midshipmen; and at the very instant
that these cases are taken up, by seniority, if
you please, and a man is found emcient, he can
be put back into his original position, with all
the accumulated rank which he will have acquired
by the action of the board, and you can give him
his back pay.
Then do not promote further until the grades
come back to their present standing: captains 68,
commanders 98, lieutenants 325. This will only
involve a small extra expense. It is a mere ques-
tion of dollars and cents. This remedy, I think,
will reach the whole case; and after this, no man
can complain that injustice has been done to him.
I will say here that, when that is done, and when
the facts come to be known, the Senate will con-
cur with me that a most extraordinary pressure
has been brought to bear to awaken the sympa-
thies of the country on this subject by many men
—I will not say all, because I know of some who
are honorable gentlemen, and who ought to be re-
stored—but by many who have no claims on the
country or the sympathies of the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, I would bring
back the attention of the Senate to the question
before them—the resolution of the Senator from
Tennessee. This is the road, the only road, to
a rightful remedy for the wrongs which have been
complained of. The true issue has been evaded
in this discussion. The complaint madg^jrjixe
sixty-eight naval offrcers'who have ,sejit~t&eir
petitions to the Senate is not against the law,
but against the execution of the law of 1855,
establishing the navy board. In this lies the
whole difficulty. The honorable Senator from
;< Louisiana bestowed a well-deserved compliment,
jj 0 very beautiful eulogy, upon the objects of the
Legislature in passing this law. These objects
were noble and generous, but the complainants
affirm that their objects have been defeated, the
objects of the law perverted, and that, contrary
to its true meaning and intent, those charged
with its execution have committed against them
great wrongs; that powers have been usurped
and exercised by this board not granted by the
law, and by which exercise they have been tried,
condemned, and punished, without a .hearing, for
causes over which this board had no rightful
jurisdiction. I think they make a sufficient
prima facie case to be entitled to afurther and full
hearing, and upon this investigation I wish the
Senate to enter.
1 am glad to observe the improved tone of the
defenders of the action of the board within the last
two weeks. When this discussion opened, it was
boldly said we had no remedy, whatever wrong
may have been committed; that the action of the
board was law; that it must be sustained, what-
ever consequences might befall the victims of its
injustice. Now, this injustice, it is said, may be
remedied—its victims relieved; and there is a way
to do this, but at the expense of the public. Still
preserving the action of the board, they would cor-
rect the wrongs done by the board, by simply sad-
dling the country with a large list of officers who
are not necessary to the service, but by increasing
the already overburdened naval lists. This is no
remedy; it is an additional evil to the country and
the naval service, without benefiting the injured
parties. This would be creating difficulties where
there are none. If the act of 1855has been fairly
and properly executed, there is no wrong done.
If it has not—if the board, as alleged, has as-
sumed powers not conferred on them by the law,
exceeded the authority conferred upon them—
their proceedings are void, at least to the whole
extent of that excess. To ascertain these facts,
the first thing to be done is to inquire what have
they done and how have they done it. These, the
controlling points of the case, my friend from
Louisiana disposes of by a very convenient mode
of reasoning. I do not think 1 can give it any
othercompliment. Heassumes, takes for granted,
the very questions, the only questions, in contro-
versy. He asserts that these officers have been
