1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1133
Committee on Public Lands, making a grant of
lands to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections,
to aid in the construction of railroads in said
State; the pending motion being to recommit it.
PRINTING.
Mr. FLAGLER, from the Committee on Print-
ing to whom was referred a resolution of the
House to print one thousand extra copies of the
report of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, for the use of that office, reported the fol-
lowing resolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That one thousand additional copies of the
report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office be
punted for the use of that office.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. SNEED, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the Court of Claims of the papers in the ease of Whitemarsh
B. Seabrook, Joseph Whaley, and others.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PRINGLE. 1 desire, Mr. Speaker, to
make a privileged report from the committee of
conference appointed on the part of the House,
oil the disagreeing votes between the two Houses
on the deficiency bill. The committee of confer-
ence had a meeting. They conferred freely and
fuliy on the subject-matters of disagreement, and
have failed to agree. The managers on the part
of the House have, therefore, directed me to pre-
sent the following resolution:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives adhere to
the several amendments and disagreements of said House
of Reptesentatives to the Senate amendments to House bill
,\o. 68, entitled "An act to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propiiations for the service of tliu fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1856;" and that the managers on the pait of the
House be discharged from further action on the committee
of conference on said disagreements.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I am opposed, Mr.
Speaker, to the adoption of this resolution. I sup-
pose that every gentleman in the House realizes
the technicality of the language employed in the
resolution reported by the committee. The use
of the word " adhere" announces the determina-
tion of the House of Representatives that the bill
shall pass in the manner in which the House has
adopted it, or that the bill shall fail altogether.
The committees of conference, if they cannot
agree, may be changed. 1 suppose that there is
not an attempt, on the part of the presiding offi-
cer of either House, to select gentlemen who have
fixed and unalterable determinations as to the
course this legislation must take; and I should
think that we had better continue to confer, so
long as the Senate chooses to confer, rather than
to announce the determination lo adhere, and
thereby to put an end to the bill, which has been
provided with a great deal of care to meet the
deficiencies for which the public faith is pledged.
I hope the House will not adopt the proposition
of the committee of conference.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Kentucky. I want to
know from him what other course there is open
to the House,exccpt to adhere or to recede?
Mr. MARSHALL. I can answer the gentle-
man's question in a moment. The other course
is to confer. He says we must either recede or
adhere. Evidently the medium course between
receding and adhering is to continue to negotiate,
just as the Government is doing in another great
CaMr. STANTON. The managers on the part
of the House understood the parliamentary law
on the subject of disagreement between the two
Houses to be this: In the first place, where.there
is a disagreement between the two Houses, a
committee of conference is appointed. If that
committee cannot agree, they so report; and if
the House choose, it may appoint a second com-
mittee of conference. If that second committee
of conference fail to agree, then my understand-
ing of the parliamentary law is, that it is not in
order—not parliamentary#-to appoint another
committee of conference; but the conference must
there end, and then the House can agree or dis-
agree. If the gentleman from Kentucky knows
of any instance having occurred where there were
more than two consecutive committees of con-
ference appointed on the same bill, I should like
to know when and where it was. I can find no
warrant for it in parliamentary law; and I sup-
posed that we must abide by the rules.
Mr. MARSHALL. Can the gentleman show
any warrant in parliamentary law for the prop-
osition which he asserts?
Mr. ST ANTON. Certainly, without the slight-
est difficulty in the world. The rule laid down
in the Manual is, that after two committees of
conference have been, appointed to confer be-
tween the two Houses, and cannot agree, the
conference is at an end. There is no difficulty
about it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know, Mr. Speaker, if this question is debatable
—and if so, to what extent?
The SPEAKER. 11 opens the question whether
or not the House shall agree to the report of the
committee of conference.
Mr. STANTON. If there be any other course
open to the House, and if it be in order to adopt
a different course, then I have a word to say in
reply to the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to occupy the
floor for a minute or two on this question. I am
anxious to make a suggestion to the House before
this question be disposed of—as I understand,
from the remark of the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Wa"shburne,] that there may be a disposi-
tion to stop this debate after the gentleman from
Ohio concludes his remarks. If there be any
such intention, I would ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield me the floor but for a moment ?
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman wants an
explanation or information, I am ready to yield
for that purpose.
Mr. COBB. I do not propose to discuss this
question; but my object is to suggest to the House
that it would be very strange, indeed, if this House
should adhere, and thereby almost, if not entirely,
preclude the possibility of the passage of this bill |
unless the Senate recedes from all its amend- j
ments. It would be strange, indeed, if the House !
should take such a-course without having heard
from this committee of conference what is the !
difference between the two Houses. "VVe do not j
know—this House is not informed—whether or j
not the House committee- insisted upon its dis-
agreement to any one amendment, or whether
the Senate committee were willing to recede from
a portion and the House from a portion—whether
it was one or the other committee that insisted
so strenuously upon their position that there was
no prospect of an agreement. If we have reached
the point where this bill is to be lost, and the
responsibility of its loss is to be placed upon one
or the other House, I desire an express declara-
tion upon the part of the House on each separate
amendment. I desire this House to say by its
solemn vote, upon which of the amendments it is
determined to lose the bill. 'I am not willing to
be placed in the position of adhering to every dis-
agreeing vote of the two Houses, and of losing
the bill unless the Senate should choose to recede
from all of them.
I want to know, and I want the House to be
informed, whether there is not some mode by
which the two Houses may agree? I want to
know if this House intends to place itself in the
position that it will defeat the deficiency bill, and
stop the wheels of Government, rather than allow
these supplies to be voted which have been dis-
agreed to by the House ? If that is the position
to be assumed by the House, I desire an oppor-
tunity of recording my vote upon each and every
amendment to which the House has disagreed.
Then, sir, if I am of the opinion that the bill
should be defeated rather than to allow these
supplies to be voted, I will so record my vote;
and I want every member of the House to place
his vote upon the record, so that we may be in-
formed upon what it is that the bill is to be de-
feated.
I want, before the vote is taken upon the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, that the vote may
be taken upon these amendments separately. My
own opinion is that the House oughi to recede
from its disagreement to some of these amend-
ments, and especially rather than to defeat thia
bill.
Mr. STANTON. I have not, myself, sup-
posed that it was competent, upon agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference, to take
separate votes upon each of the items. I sup-
posed the vote must be talcen upon the report as
a whole.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will call his attention and that
of the House to the rule upon this subject. The
ordinary parliamentary course is to have, two free
conferences. Those we have had: thus far we.
have manifestly proceeded in order, and having
had two free conferences I see no reason why
we should not have a third. None at all. The
language of the rule is, that in the ordinary par-
liamentary course there are two free conferences
before adhering.
Mr. STANTON. But it would be to take this
bill out of the ordinary course of proceedings to
appoint a third conference. I supposed the usual
parliamentary course was to have two free con-
ferences, and then for the House to take its
position.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will call his attention, and that of the
House, to the fact that he is merely playingupon
terms. The rule of the Manual is that you may
insist as long as you choose. «Fhe regular course
of progression is this, as the gentleman will find
on page 122 of the Manual:
"The Commons disagree to an amendment; the Lords
insist on it; the Commons insist on their disagreement; the
Lords adhere to their amendment; the Commons adhere to
their disagreement."
Here, it is evident, the subject is closed. But
when the parties arrive at the point where each
House insists upon the position it has taken, a
conference is suggested, and committees are ap-
pointed by each to conduct the conference. The
Manual proceds to declare:
" The term of insisting may be repeated as often as they
choose to keep the question open."
Ordinarily, there-are two free conferences be-
fore either House advances to the pi'oposition to
adhere to its position—any other course might
be deemed discourteous; but, non constat, that
after two conferences you must recede or adhere.
If we adhere, we cannot afterwards recede or
admit of amendment to the part adhered to.
That term is technical, and indicates the fact that
we have readied a fixed position, presenting our
ultimatum in terms. I am opposed to that, and
prefer to continue to negotiate.
Mr. STANTON. So far as that is concerned
I understand these proceedings to take place be-
fore a committee of conference is appointed; but
I thought the usual course for the House was to
insist, not to adhere.
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir; always to ad-
here.
Mr. STANTON. The course stated by the
gentleman from Kentucky is in reference to the
proceedings before a committee of conference ia
appointed, and not after; but after two commit-
tees have been appointed, and they have failed
to agree, I think the proper course to be taken ia
for the House to insist upon its position, what-
ever it is.
Now, one word in reply to the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Cobb.] Thatgentleman suggest3
that a.separate vote should be taken upon reced-
ing from our disagreement to each amendment
upon which the two Houses have disagreed.
Now, sir, the committee of conference weie of
opinion that we had reached a point where it
would not be proper, under the rules, to take
separate votes upon receding. I understand that
the report of the committee must be accepted or
rejected as a whole. There can be no division
of it. Suppose the committee had reported that
the House should recede from its disagreement
to the Army amendment, and that they should
insist upon their disagreement with regard to the
water-works, you could not take separate votes
upon each of the two propositions; you must
adopt or reject the report of the committee as a
whole.
One word further in reply to the gentleman
from Georgia, who, as I understood him, desired
a statement as to what items of appropriation the
committee of conference could not agree upon.
Now, sir, if it is proper to state wjiat occurred
in committee—and I see no reason why it is not
—I will state in general terms that the committee
of conference found themselves unable to agree
upon the Army amendments and upon the appro-
priation for the water-works. They disagreed
upon these two amendments. A majority of the
House committee insisted upon the disagreement
of the House to the Army appropriation ana the
whole of the committee insisted in disagreeing to
