2008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 9,
On the 10th of July, intelligence was received
by Mr. Fremont, then at St. John's, that Com-
modore Sloat had arrived and taken possession
of Monterey, and planted the United States flag
there; and thither he marched, and arrived on
the li)th of July, sixteen days after its capture.
It would thus appear, then, that in the movements
previously to the operations of Commodores Sloat
and Stockton in California, Mr. Fremont's part
was extremely insignificant. Ho was in no ac-
tion whatever. He does not, indeed, state that he
was. He recites actions which were performed
by others, and left his father-in-law to claim for
him the credit which belonged to others for their
performance. He declined to join the settlers
early in June, when his cooperation would have
been of service to them. But after they lutd
gained important advantages over the Cahform-
ans, and were in possession of the strong fort of
Sonoma, and when he was in daily expectation
of receiving intelligence of war between the United
States and Mexico, he volunteered his assistance. '
Mr. Benton, as well as Mr. Fremont's biogra-
pher, however, claim that Fremont's " exploits"
induced Commodore Sloat to seize Monterey,
and raise the American flag; and, therefore, they
say that the acquisition of^California was owing
to Fremont; for, if Sloat had not raised the United
States flag on the 7th of July, 1846, the British
admiral, who arrived soon after, would have
seized California for Great Britain.
Mr. Benton, in his " View,"chapter 164, states
that " Commodore Sloat remained five days be-
fore the town, and until he heard of Fremont's
operations; then, believing that Fremont had
orders from his Government to take California,
he having none himself, lie determined to art him-
self. He received the news of Fiemont's suc-
cesses on the 6th of July; on tin; 7th he took the
town of Monterey, and sent a dispatch to Fre-
mont. The latter came to him m till speed, at
the head of his mounted force. Going immedi-
ately on board the commodore's vessel, an ex-
planation took place. The commodore learnt
with astonishment that Fremont had no orders
from his Government to commence hostilities—
that he had acted entirely on his own responsi-
bility. This loft the commodoie without author-
ity for having taken Monterey; for still at this
time the conmencenient of the war with Mexico was
unknown."
liut this statement of Mr. Benton is most point-
edly and positively contradicted by Commodore
Sloat, m his oiHcial lelior to the Secretary of the
Navy* dated " Fla^-ship Levant, at sea, July
31, In it he say.-;: '' { have the honor to
report that on the 1th June 1 icceived at Mazaf-
lan infoimation that the Mexican troops, si\ or
seven thousand strong, had, by order of (he Mex-
ican Government, invaded the temtory of the
United States north of th<> Rio Grande, and had
attacked the forces under General Taylor, and
that the squadron of the United States weie
blockading the coast of Mexico in the Gulf.
These hostilities) I considered, would justify my com-
mencing offensive operations on the west coast. I
therefore sailed, on the 8th, in the Savannah, for
the coast of California, to carry out the orders of
the Department of the 2lth of June, 1845."
The commodore then states that he took pos-
session of Monterey on the 7th day of July, in
the name of the United States.
It does not appear from the commodore's let-
ter that he had sent any orders or dispatches to
Fremont, as stated by Mr. Benton, or that he
had ever heard anything about him. The only
notice he takes of him m his letter is, that Purser
Fauntleroy, who had been sent by him to lake
St. John, a small town in the interior, stumbled
upon him there, i( found that it had been taken
possession of an hour or two previous to his ar-
rival by him," with whom he returned to
Monterey on the 19th," twelve days after its
capture. This is all the notice taken of Fiemont
in this official letter.
So far, then, from its being true that the com-
modore was induced by Fremont's operations to
takejjossession of Monterey, he had resolved on
the tth day of June, at Mazatkm, to sail for Cali-
fornia, and commence otfrmsivr operations on the
west coast. Fremont certainly had performed
no exploits up to this time, which could in-
fluence the commodore's action; for on the 8th
day ot June he refused to cooperate with General
Ide and others in revolutionizing California, and
did not take any part with them until the 25th of
June, after the'surprise of Sonoma, the brilliant
performance of Lieutenant Ford, and the capture
of a party with two hundred horses, had all been
achieved.
And then, there is no evidence whatever that
the British admiral ever intended, or had any
instructions, which would have authorized him
to seize California. It is mere imagination.
Mr. Benton, I must repeat, says it was hear-
ing of Fremont's operations and successes, and
believing that he had orders from the Government
to take California, that induced Commodore Sloat
to take possession of Monterey; for still at this
time (7th of July) the commencement of the war
with Mexico was unknown. " But Commodore
Sloat says that it was because he had received in-
formation of the existence of war between the United
States and Mexico, and that, he considered, would
justify him m commencing offensive operations on
the west coast, and therefore sailed m the Savannah
for the coast of California to carry out the orders
of the Department! Now, Mr. President, what
were those orders? They were, sir, that, " in
the event of war with Mexico, he was directed
to employ the force under his command to the
best advantage." " The Mexican ports on the
Pacific are said to be (says the Secretary of the
Navy) open and defenseless. If you ascertain
with certainty that Mexico has declared war
against the United States, you will at once pos-
sess yourself of the port of San Francisco, and
blockade or occupy such other ports as your
force may permit."
Such, sir, were the instructions which he sailed
from Mazatlan, on the 8th of June, to execute;
and yet Air. Benton, in his View, states it was the
opeiations of Fremont (heaven save the mark!)
which led him to commence hostilities m Cal-
ifornia, and save the territory from the grasp of
Great Britain.
Mr. Benton, in his statement, does £reat injus-
tice to this gallant officer m charging that he had
commenced hostilities against a nation upon no
other ground than that, hearing of the operations
arid successes of Fremont, he supposed him to be
in possession of orders from his Government to
take California. 1 admit, sir, it would be difficult,
if not impossible, for one in his position, or in
any position, to believe that an officer of the
Army of the United States would wage war with
the forces under his command against an independ-
ent nailon without orders from his Government.
And the commodore might well be pardoned for
supposing such to be the case. But I have al-
ready shown from his official letters that, it was
not I rue thai he did so. (hit it no doubt confirmed
in his mind the truth of the information he had
received at Alazatfan of the commencement of
hostilities. But, sir, the statement of Air. Ben-
ton in reference to this matter places Mr. Fremont
in n most unfortunate position. It exhibits him,
sir, in the character of a filibuster, of a person
without authority, making war upon a friendly
Power, and employing the forces placed under
his command (for a diflerent purpose) fo over-
throw its Government, and establish a republic
on its ruins. It was, indeed, sir, the assumption
of a fearful responsibility, and one which might
have involved his country in war, or have lost his
own life, with the lives of all his followers, (as
was the case with Lopez in his expedition,) if lie
had been unsuccessful m his operations. But,
sir, I do not propose to discuss this question, but
m passing, merely to remark upon it.
I ihmk that I have now fully shown that Mr.
Fremont's claims to theconquest previously to the
UUh of July, rest entirely upon the a^ernons of
his father-m-law. and as they appear ui Serrctaiy
Marcy's report of December, 1846.
In thus stating the intervention of Mr. Benton
in claiming for Fremont credit for exploit? to
which he was not entitled, I expressly disclaim
any desire to impute to him anything further
than a pardonable facility in yiefding credence,
on grounds entirely insufficient, to statements and
inferences calculated to do honor to one connected
with him by close family ties. The truth of his-
tory, however, requires vindication; and my duty
is to expose the errors into which he has be<_n
betrayed, and in which, through his agency,
others have participated.
And now, Mr. President, f propose briefly to
examine the claims of Fremont to the merit of a
conqueror subsequently to July 19,1846. That he
had no claim before has already been shown.
On the 23d July, 1846, Commodore Stockton
took command of the squadron, Commodore
Sloat having sailed for the United States. Mon-
terey, Sonoma, at the head of the bay of San
Francisco, and Yuba Buena, now called San
Francisco, were the chief points in the possession
of the United States forces. But all southern
California was in arms and subdued. Mr. Fre-
mont was then at Monterey.
Commodore Stockton issued his proclamation
on the same day, and announced his intention to
conquer the country. Colonel Fremont, m his
defense on his trial by court-martial in 1848, thus
states his own position at this time, and gives
the title of conqueror to another. (See proceed-
ings of court-martial, pp. 374 and 375.)
u Uc (Commodore Stockton) determined to pjobccute
hostilities', to the full conquest of the country, andaskednot
coopeiation, but service under him. He made this proposal
m writing to Lieutenant Gillespie and myself. We agreed
to it, umt *-0 did our men.
a \ went under him with pleasuie. I was glad to be re-
lieved fioin the responsibilities of my position. We went
undei the command of the naval commander on that na-
tion, ,md it was to the naval commander there that tha
Piesident held specially assigned the conquest of California.
The California battalion of mounted riflemen was then or-
ganized; Commodore Stockton appointing all the officers,
self being appointed major, and Lieutenant Gillespie
captain. From that time we were part of the naval forces
I'or the conquest of the country !"
Again Colonel Fremont says:
u On the 13th of August, 18*16. Commodore Stockton, as
eoNQt'KROK, rook pos>(r>Mon of the City of the Angels, the
seat of the Governor General of California. On the 17th
ho i«ued a pioclamation. or decree as such, for the notifi-
cation and government of'the inhabitants, followed by many
others m the same character, and for the better government
of tin- conquered country."
This is the language of Colonel Fremont when
his safety depended on making the truth manifest.
Under the peril of life he concedes to Commodore
Stockton the title of Conqueror of California.
The peril over, his father-in-law claims for him
the merit of being the conqueror, and his biogra-
phers assert it, also. I might be well content to
rest the case upon the above explicit admission
of Colonel Fremont himself; but, as it belongs to
a full statement of the truth, I shall briefly relate
what part he did take in the conquest of California
subsequently to Commodore Stockton Js assuming
the supreme command. Mr. Fremont, having
received an appointment as major of a battalion
of volunteers from Commodore Stockton, was
ordered on the 23d day of July, with one hundred
and sixty men, to embark on the sloop of war
Cyane, Commander Du Pont, with directions to
proceed to San Diego, and thence to advance on
the City of the Angels, to cooperate with him
(the commodore) in the proposed attack on the
Californians.
Mr Benton, in his letter to the President of
the 0th of November, 184(5, says: " the sloop of
war Cyane was put at his service"—no doubt to
! produce the impression on the mind of the Pres-
1 ideut that Fremont was acting independently. But
■ Fremont himself, in his letter to Mr. Benton of
, July 2f>, 1846, says expressly: "We are under
; pi das to embark to-morrow morning on board
: the Cyane sloop of war, and disembark at San
Diego, immediately in the rear of Castro."
! Stockton proceeded to San Pedro, twenty-eight
i miles from the City of the Angels. There he
; waited a week for Fremont to cooperate with
■ him. Finally, he marched against Castro with-
: out him, forced him to break up his camp, aban-
: don lus artillery and baggage, and fly in the
1 direction of Sonoma. After'the dispersion and
flight of his army, Fremont arrived on the day
that Stockton took possession of the capital.
Thus ended the first campaign of Stockton.
Fremont's whole service was comprised in his
voyage to San Diego and hiss march to De Los
Ani!elos. The second campaign of Commodore
Stockton was still more inglorious for Mr. Fre-
mont. An insurrection broke out on the 1st
of October, and the garrison left by the com-
modore at the capital had been compelled to
capitulate. Stockton ordered Fremont to Santa
Barbara, to collect horses and cattle for this
expedition. San Diego was surrounded by the
enemy, and .Lieutenant Minor, in command
thfre, was besieg.-d by them. On his way in
that direction, Fremont spoke a vessel, and be-
