408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
placed in their present position by the law, and
an executed law. This position is the one in con-
troversy, and can only be^true if it was done ac-
cording to the provisions of the act in question.
I held on a former occasion, and hold now, that
this law has not been executed; that it has been
violated; and that the whole proceedings of this
board are consequently null and void. These pro-
testing officers stand on this ground—ask an in-
vestigation of the facts. This investigation will
lead to the correction of all errors, and abuses,
and secure to such of the officers who have been
properly retired the full benefit of the munificent
provision made for them by the act, and restore
the injured to their lost rights. It is a mistake
to suppose, as the Senator from Louisiana does,
that to restore the injured officers would be a
wrong and a degradation to those officers who
have been promoted by the wrongful action tif
this board. They have no promotion until we
advise and consent" to it, and no officer is
worthy to wear the naval uniform of his country
who would desire to retain promotion at the cost
of injustice to his brother officers. The disgrace
would not be in securing such promotion, but in
retaining it. Therefore, this investigation, if we
succeed in righting tho wrongs of the aggrieved,
will injure 110 man, either in the Navy or out of
it. We will thereby secure all the advantages
■which the Legislature intended to obtain by the
law, and get rid of the evils of its execution.
This resolution is the first step in ascertaining
whetlier none but the really inefficient and mer-
itorious, officers have been placed on tho retired
list, and none others; and whether the really in-
efficient and unworthy, and they alone have been
dropped from the service. When this law was
introduced, it was accompanied by a report from
the Naval Committee; that roport argued the
case, and proposed to explain its objects and in-
tention and effects. To induce the Senate to pass
this bill, this committee reported to us, "that
the action of this board, with all the information
and testimony which the Navy Department and
the Secretary can afford, before it, and under the
supervision of the Secretary, is still subject to
the Approval or disapproval of the President, and
to a certain extent of tlie Senate of the United States,"
X desire to bo informed by the chairman of that
committee what this meant; was it delusive or
was it real ?
Mr. MALLORY. Does the Senator intend
to ask what "control tho Senate oould exercise
over it?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLORY. I foresaw that, whenever
officers were removed, whether wrongfully or
rightfully, there would follow complaints; it is
always so. The wrong does not constitute tho
cause of complaint, but tho removal does. I
knew they would appeal to the Senate, and I
knew they would find in this body many gen-
tlemen who would take up their complaints and
bring them before the Senate and the country.
So far as the President was concerned, I did be-
lieve it was his duty to examine. Approbation
could only be founded on reexamination. 1 be-
lieved he would do it, and I believe he has done it.
Mr. TOOMBS. But the report of the com-
mittee admitted a rightful authority in the Senate,
as much as it did a rightful authority in the Pres-
ident, to approve or disapprove the action this of
board.
The -gentleman says that he supposed Senators
■would hear the complaints of those who might
suffer by the.action of this board. I thank God
that such is the truth, and that there can be no
injustice done to a great body of faithful public
servants in this country, when there will not be
found willing ears to hear and redress it in the
American Senate. It will be tho case as long as
they love justice, llut the report of this com-
mittee admitted a right in this body to give a
remedy for the wrong; but when the act is con-
summated—when they have proceeded in a mode
which it is as clear as the noonday's sun, was
in violation of that law—wiien the Secretary of
the Navy has misconstrued it and enlarged the
powers of the board, contrary to the intention
of the act—when the President has approved and
affirmed this error—and the sufferers come here
with complamtS; it is said they are remediless.
Thfttis Opposition of the'Naval Committee. I say
their position to-day is not suca as it -was when !
they came to the Senate and urged its passage by
this body.' The charge is marked, significant,
and wholly irreconcilable with the report.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend from Georgia
will excuse me for interrupting him; but if he
designs to state that I have ever said they were
remediless, I must tell him that I certainly do not
assume that ground. On the contrary, it will be
my pleasure and my duty to bring in a remedy.
I am engaged on that very service. I do not think
I have ever assumed that there was no remedy
for any wrong that has been done. I trust that
wherever there is a wrong there is a remedy.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not either the remedy
or the point on which I am speaking. I called
the attention of the Senator to the fact, that the
Naval Committee told us, in their report, that the
action of this board would be subject, " to a cer-
tain extent," to the approval of the Senate to give
it validity. I desired to know to what "extent,"
and in what manner, if not in the manner now
proposed, are we to be called on to "carefully"
read over the names on the list furnished us ? Is
that the safety-guard to tho sufferers heralded in
this report ? Whatever else it might mean, it did
not mean the proposed legislation, or any other
legislation by Congress. Congress, I presume,
knew it might pass laws on any subject com-
mitted to them by the Constitution. We were
told that this law, now under review, had to be
approved by the President, and, " to some ex-
tent," by the Senate, before it could do its work.
Now, sir, I will show that all of those securities
have been taken away, were worthless, unless
here, in the last resort, we are firm enough to do
our duty, and interpose our arm to give these
officers that protection to which they are entitled,
and which they have not yet received—to which
they are entitled by the usages of all nations and
of all ages—the rights of men charged with crimes
ought to be heard and confronted with witnesses
and accusers before condemnation.
Congress never intended to make such a tribu-
nal as these officers have constituted themselves.
They are arraigned for constituting themselves a
secret tribunal, usurping the right to inquire into
offenses, and by secret evidence—by false evidence
some of tho memorials say—without a hearing,
contrary to tfto usages of civilized or savage man,
putting their fellow officers on trial for high crimes
and misdemeanors, and condemning and execut-
ing them unheard. No man, so far as I have
looked at the subject, advocated such a power
under this law; and I am sure that the committee
who presented it to this body never intimated that
they were conferring such a power on such a
body. When the Secretary of tho Navy gives
his lecture to this board, he tells them you are an
advisory board. This ideaseemed to have origin-
ated there. Then it was first heard of. It was
enforced the other day by my friend from Louis-
iana. But when the Secretary presents to the
President the action of this board for his appro-
bation, ho then calls it a "judgment," a " find-
ing"—notanadvisory board. Hear the language
of Mr. Dobbin on this subject:
" tfome mode, then, was to bo adopted, and som« persons
selected to 'examine' and make a 'finding' of not only
the incompetent, but also of those who had become so from
causes lor which Uiey were to 1 blame.' The law on this
point speaks plainly and distinctly. It does not impose this
ta-k upon, or mtiust this delicate duty to, the Seeietary of
the Navy, or even the President. It does, however, pro-
vide that the persons who aie to perform tins woilc &hall be
fifteen 4 naval officers,5 to consist of fiv<> captains, five
commanders, and five lieutenants, ordered by the Presi-
dent."
The Secretary enters upon a labored argument
to prove to the President that he had 110 power
over this "judgment," this "finding" of the
board, except to approve it. Having approved it
himself, although ho would not" have formed the
same judgment, he advises the President to do
the same thing." The President, too, " carefully
examined and deliberately considered the list of
names presented^(for he had nothing else,) and ap-
proves the " finding " of the board. And now,
it seems, we, too, are called on to approve this list
of the proscribed, "after carefully examining "
the same, with no more evidence than that upon
which the President and Secretary acted. But
this " finding " and " judgment " of the board
suddenly changes its whole character. It is ne-
cessary to shield it from utter condemnation; it
cannot stand as a "judgment," as a " finding,"
and it forthwith is transformed into "advice."
Well, it was bad advice, and has worked the
same wrong and injustice as a bad judgment,
and I insist on its review. It.is said not to be a
court, a tribunal, because the President was not
bound by its decision; neither is he by a court-
martial; but it is a court, a court established by
law; although its judgments, like this tribunal,
are without force until approved by the President.
But this law required that the action of this board
should be reviewed and approved by the Presi-
dent before it could have any validity. It could
not be reviewed without it had kept a record of
the facts upon which its action was based; there-
fore it was inchoate, incomplete, and void.
How was it possible to execute this law to give
it any validity without such record ? Neither the
Secretary nor the President could tell whether it
was right or wrong in any case whatever, unless
they knew the facts upon which it was based.
Was it ever heard of, under the canopy of
heaven, that one tribunal was bound by law to
review the judgments of another tribunal, and yet
were excluded from all knowledge, either of the
principles or evidence upon which the tribunal to
be reviewed acted? Such a position is an insult to
our understandings, and yet to this position are
the defenders of the action of this board driven.
They strike out by construction this essence of
the act, and then turn upon us, with their inchoate,
shapeless bantling, and tell us, Behold the law!
We are now told, you empowered this board not
only to examine into the efficiency of the officers
of your Navy to do all " their duties, both ashore
and afloat," but to try them secretly for offenses,
crimes, violations of the Maine law, or any other
thing which suited the fancy of the board," and to
dismiss at pleasure whom it pleased, without ques-
tion and without investigation. I deny it—I will
resist it by vote and speech.
I stand here to-day, not only to do these peti-
tioners justice, but to defend a great and sacred
principle of human justice. It is older than time;
it is Heaven-born; recognized of all nations;
plead by the Apostle Paul against the injustice
of his judges. Ho declared it was not the man-
ner of the Romans to condemn any man unless
ho was brought face to face to his accusers. Sir,
it is a principle engrafted at Runnymede into the
chartcr of British liberties; again and again af-
firmed and defended by our remote ancestors;
engrafted on all of our constitutions and bills of
rights, and is part and parcel of every living,
breathing, American freeman. These rights I de-
mand for these petitioners to-day; and they shall
have them, [applause in the galleries;] tlicy are
the rights which this law gives them—the rights
you fairly promised thorn, and which you promised
their rulers as inducements to the passage of this
law, and you have no right to withhold them.
Give me the record—the law, universal justice
demands it; give me the record—even the Inqui-
sition, the worst tribunal which ever disgraced
humanity, brought its victims face to face with
their accusers. This board is charged with se-
cretly accusing its victims, with secretly seeking
testimony—no, not testimony, for these adminis-
tered not even an oath to protect their brothers—■
with secretly seeking informers to blast the fair
fame of their brother officers, and then with con-
cealing from them tho nature of their alleged
crimes, and the witnesses by whom they were
supported. Such are the charges made by the
memorialist. What does this resolution propose
to do ? To imitate their justice, and try them to
unheard? No; justice forbid ! It simply"proposes
to require them to disclose these facts, and give
us the principles and the evidence upon which
their judgments are founded, and defend them-
selves against these open accusations and accu-
sers, and restore themselves to the confidence of
the country. A response to this demand has now
become as neccssary to the board as to any officer
whom they have cashiered.
The chairman of the Naval Committee seems
to expect to avoid these demands by giving us
what he deems excellent reasons for retiring old
captains, and amuses us with the exploits of
young heroes. It seems, from his account, that
we had many more captains than we had any
use for. Many of them were old—had seen hard
service—some of them disabled by age, and others
by honorable wounds won in the defense of their
country. He deems it expedient, as there is
nothing for so many old captains to do, to help
