1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1135
disburse the money which we are asked to appro-
priate.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to ask
my colleague to state whether he wishes it to be
understood that this deficiency is intended to cover
any of the items specified in the letter which he
has had read ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly not.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, treat the subject
fairly.
Mr. STANTON. My point is not that this
deficiency is to go to make up for money im-
properly expended, but that the disbursement of
this money for the southern district of Ohio is to
be made by a marshal, now in office, who pre-
sented this account. That is the point.
Now, sir, upon the subject of the Army appro-
priations, one thing is clear. General Wool says,
in a letter which I have before me and which I
propose to have read, that all these Indian wars,
from which these deficiencies have arisen, are
unnecessary; that there would be no trouble about
it if affairs upon the Pacific coast were properly
conducted. There are really two rival heads to
the military arm of the G-overnment upon the
Pacific coast, or in Oregon and Washington Ter-
ritories. The Governors of Oregon and Wash-
ington call out volunteers, and go to work to make
war upon their own hook, while General Wool
makes a separate war on account of the General
Government; and the point I here make is this:
that either General Wool is right, or those Gov-
ernors are right, and for the purpose of my argu-
ment, it makes no matter which; and it is perfectly
clear that one or the other is wrong, and they
have no business to carry on these two separate
wars. Before we are asked to supply these de-
ficiencies, the President of the United States ought
to do one of two things; take sides with one or
the other of these parties, remove these Govern-
ors and give General Wool control of the military
operations in Oregon and Washington, ortransfer
General Wool to some other point and put some
other man there who will cooperate with the
Governors. We have this power, and we have
this control over the executive administration of
the Government, and we ought not to surrender
it. We ought to require a faithful administration
of the laws of the country, and an execution of
them with an eye single to the public good and
to public economy.
Now 1 will ask the Clerk to read the letter of
General Wool, which I send to the desk.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Headquarters Department of the Pacific,
Benicia, (Cal.,) Jlpvil 2,18o6.
To the Editors of the National Intelligencer:
Having been denounced, without cau^e or justification,
in print and on the stump on several occasions, by Governor
Stevens, and bv Governor Curry and his Legislature, who
have demanded of the President of the United States my
removal tiom the command ofthe Department of the Pacific,
and published in various newspapers, an act of justice to
myself has induced me to present you for publication the
following statement offaets m regard to the Indian war now
waged in the Territories of Oresion and Washmgton. i
A year since I ordered Brevet Major Haller, with aiiout
one bundled and fifty rank and file, to go as far as Fort
Boise to give protection to emigrants going to Oregon and
Washington Territories, and to demand the murderers of
some twelve or thirteen emigrants near that place the year
before. The Major not only went to Port Boise, but one
hundred and fifty miles beyond. He remained m that sec-
tion of country until near the close of September, 18oo,
when he leturned to his po t at the Dalles, having pre-
viously captured and executed a number of the Indians con-
cerned in the murders above alluded to.
♦ Shortly after his return, and early in October, he was
called on by Major Hams to execute a similar mission against
the Yakima Indians, occupymg a portion of the country
cast of the Cascade lange of* mountains. It is paid tliat the
Yalnmas, having become dissatisfied with the treaty made
with them the summer befoie by Governor Stevens, de-
termined on war. This was hastened, as it would seem,
by some miners forcibly carrying away and ill treating some
Yakima squaws.
The Yakimas, according to their own story, complained
of this wiong to A. J. .Colon, sub-Indian agent, who was at
the time in the Yakima country, and demanded ledrcss.
An altercation took place, when the Indians threatened re-
venue. The agent in turn threatened, if they executed their
intentions, to send against thenPthc troops of the United
States. It was under such circumstances that the agent
and the Indians separated. The foimer, however, was fol-
lowed and overtaken by the Yakimas, when they demanded
to know if he intended to send the tioopsof the United
States against them ? On answering them m the affirma-
tive. as the Indians say, tliey kilied him, and afterwards, as
repoi ted, some mmeis on their way to tlie Lolville mme .
On this information being conveyed to Major Rcuns, bievet
Major Haller was directed to pioceed against the Yakimas
to chastise them and demand the murderers of the
iiolon. Accordingly, with one hundred and four rank anu
file, he proceeded on his mission, but without the precau-
tions necessary against savage warfare. About sixty miles
from the Dalles, onemeigmg from a deep ravine, ho found
himself, as he reports, confronted by one thousand five
hundred Indians. After losing two men killed and some
thirteen or fourteen wounded, one mortally, he escaped from
his perilous condition to an eminence on which was neither
wood, water, nor grass. He reported that he was sur-
rounded by Indians, and asked for a thousand men to re-
lieve him. This was communicated to the Dalles by a per-
son who succeeded in passing the Indians without being
observed. Relief was immediately ordered. In the mean
tune, after remaining on the hill thirty-six or forty hours,
water being indispensable both to men and animals, the
Major deteimined to force his way to water. He broke up
his encampment and commenced his march for the stream
in hid front. He met with no resistance, and, after allaying
the thirst of his men. horses, and mules, he commenced his
march towards the Dalles. In his effort to make geod his
retreat he became separated from his rear-guard, the front
and rear taking different trails. The guard, supposing that
it was following the front of the column, continued its
marcirtowards the Dalles without interference or molesta-
tion from the Indians. This left the Major with only forty
effective men and the wounded and baggage. With this
small force he succeeded in making good his retreat, fol-
lowed two davs and nights by one thousand five hundred
Indians. I think the number greatly exaggerated. How-
ever this may be, under the circumstances I did not con-
sider such an enemy greatly to be dreaded. The repulse of
Major Haller created great excitement and alarm throughout
Oregon and Washington lest all the Indian tribes in the Ter-
ritories should at once combine and come down upon the
settlements.
As soon as I was informed of Major Haller's defeat I
ordered all the disposable troops at my command to the
seat of war, and I followed. At the same time I called
upon the United States Government forat least an addi-
tional regiment. This was promptly responded to; and
the 9th regiment of infantry arrived early in January, but
owing to the unusually severe winter could not enter upon
a winter's campaign. In the mean time Major Rains, who
had authority lor such purposes, made preparation for a
second expedition against the Yakimas. He mustered,
with the leinforeemcnts which I sent him, five hundred
regulars, with three mountam-howitzers, besides other ar-
tilleryman ample force, if propeilv directed, to have defeated
all the*tndian^ 111 the country. The Major, however, par- >
taking somewhat of tho alarm pervading the countiy, in-
creased and stimulated by political demagogues, called on
acting Governor Mason l'or two companies of volunteers, I
which was promptly and favorably ie?ponded to; and upon
Governor Curry, of Oregon, for four companies, which he
refused, because, as he said, the Oregonians would not
serve under United States officers. At the same tune he
called into the territorial service two mounted regiments—
one to serve against the Indians m Washington Territory,
and the other against the Indians m southern Oregon. Of
the foiuier, no part of it, in any sense of the term, was ne-
cessary to defend the inhabitants of Oregon against the
Indians in Washington Territory, cast of the Cascade moun-
tains, from whom they had no danger whatever to appre-
hend. Major Rains, having completed his preparations,
with three hundred and fifty regulars and three mountain-
howitaers, set out about the first of November for the Ya-
kima countiy, followed by six companies of Governor
Curry's troops, commanded by Colonel Nesmith, (no doubt
a very capable and enterprising officer,) and about seventy
miles from the Dalles met the Yakimas, who, after several
skirmishes, without any loss on either side, excepting one
Indian killed and scalped bv an Indian who accompanied
the troops of Major Rains, fled over the mountains to the
Yakima river, about forty miles distant; but m consequcncc
of the snow then faj-t falling, being several feet deep on
the intervening mountains, the Major could not follow—at
least he so reported. He therefore commenced his return,
having lost fifty-four animals, captured by the Indians, but
not until the volunteers, unfortunately, had destroyed the
Atahnum Mission—an important position, and one which
ou<d)t to have been occupied by the Major. On his return
he° crossed mountains which he had previous!? parsed,
which were coveied with snow from two to five feet deep.
His command was ordered to the Dalles, and he repoited to
me in person on tho 24th November. I ailived on the 1 <th,
having been detained on the passage from San Francisco
eleven days, owing to gales, storms, and a fire, which crip-
pled the steamer on board of which I was a passenger, by
which she came very near being lost.
Anxious to establish a post at Walla-'alia, m order to
prevent what followed—a war against the Walla-u alias
by the troops of Governor Curry— I ordered a critical in-
spection of all the troops and animals, when it was discov-
ered that many of the soldiers were without shoes and
proper clothing for the season; and that all the animals, with
very few exceptions, owing to constant service duting the
summer and fall, and especially m the last two expeditions
of Majors Rams and Haller, were rendeied unfit for service.
I had'dctermined, however, if it was possible, to take pos-
sesion ofthe Walla-Walla country befoie winter had fairly
commenced, not because I considered it in any respect
necessary for the defense or protection of the inhabitants ot
Oregon or Washington Territory. The Indians in that re-
gion, two hundred miles distant, could not pass the Cascade
ranse of mountains, then covered with several teet ot tuow.
The onlv route bv which they could reach tlie settlements
of Oregon was by Dalles, where we had a sufficient regular
force to repel all the Indians in Washington 1 erritory. My
object was simply to overawe these tribes, and to prevent
them from uniting with the Yakimas the authors of the
war. They had not yet taken pait in the war, at lca>t tney
had not then kilied a white man. To accomplish my pur-
pose no time was to be lost. Accordingly, I directed Major
Cross, chief quartermaster in my staff, to procure, if piac-
ticabie, the means of transportation. This could not be
obtained m Oregon or Washington without great delay,
and at an, enormous expense, which the state of the war
did not call for, owing to the resources ot the country being
very much exhausted by the large requisitions of Governor
Curry to fit out Ins several expeditions. This compelled mc
to seek elsewhere for means of transportation. Hence I
directed Major Cross to, have wagons, horses, and mules
sent from Benicia, and boats and forage from San- Francisco
to Vancouver. Before the animals, &c., arrived; the river
Columbia froze over. This cut off all communication-with-
the Dalles, and the Indian country east of the Ca'seade
mountains. For three weeks I was ice-bound, not being
able to comrannicate with the Dalles or San Francisco.•
Governor Curry, however, had brought two regiments of
mounted men in the field at an enormous expense. Motiv-
ing had yet been accomplished by them, and certainly not
by the regiment intended to operate against the Indians in
Washington Territory. Something had to be done, A fight
with the Indians, no matter whether friends or enemies,
was indispensable to excite the sympathy of the nation,
and especially Congress, or the propriety of paying contri-
butions, so profusely levied on the people of Oregon, might
be questioned. Accordingly Colonel Nesmith was ordered
by Governor Curry with his command to march against the
Walla-Wallas, where Major Chinn, with four companies,
had been previously ordered. On an inspection of the
horses of the ColonePs command, although but twenty days
m the field, they were pronounced unfit for that service*
Several companies, however, were prepared, and, under
the command of Lieutenant Colonel Kelly, a member of
the Legislature of Oregon, joined Major Chinn, who, instead
of going to Fort Walla-Walla, where he was ordered by
Governor Curry, took post on the Umatilla, thirty miles
distant, because, as he reported, there were one thousand
Indians m and about the fort. Although m this position for
several weeks, and frequently sending scouts within a mile
or two of the Indians, he was neither molested nor inter-
fered with. Lieutenant Colonel Kelly, on joining Major
Chinn. moved against Fort Waila-Walia, but found no In-
dians there. He then moved up the river Touchit, where
he was met by the chief, Pm-Pin-mox-mox, with a flag of
truce. He said he " was for peace; that he did not wish to
fight; that his people did not wish to fight; and that if any
of his young men had done wrong he was prepared to make
restitution." If he could not return the goods wrongfully,
taken, he would pay for them, being abundantly able to do-
so. When the volunteers said they were in want of pro-
visions, he offered them cattle. He was rich in money ana
cattle. The.volunteers replied he had better go back and
fight. He refused, and with his companions, four (Lieuten-
ant Colonel Kelly says six) in number, was taken prisoner,
and sent guarded to the volunteer camp. The volunteers
then commenced the attack upon his people, which was
continued for four days, without any great loss on either
side, when the Walla-Wallas, having secured their women
and children, crossed Snake river. The second or third day
ofthe engagement the volunteers barbarously killed Pin-Pm-
mox-mox and his companions. They took from the chief?
head some twenty &calps, cut off his ears and hands, and
sent them as trophies to their friends in Oregon.
As the volunteers, having no boats, could not cross Snake
river, the retreat of the Indians closed their winter cam-
paign, except to plunder the friendly Cayuses of their
horses and cattle. [See my letter dated the 12th trf Feb-
ruary, 1856, to Governor 1.1. Stevens, j Jf
Owing to the severity of the winter, excepfShOse cap-
tured by the Indians, most of the volunteers' horses died
from fatigue and the want of forage or grass. Major Chinn
said that about two hundred and twenty-five of their best
horses were captured by the Indians. It is reported that
Governor Curry has in part replaced them with a fresh
relay. In Febiuary thiitecn wagons loaded with supplies,
including ammunition, for the volunteers, guarded by only
four men, were captured by the Indians between the Uma-
tilla and Fort Walla-Walla.
Such have been the results of one of the most unwise,
unnecessary, and exuavagant expeditions ever fitted out in
the United States, and for no other reason than to plunder
the Treasury of the United States, and to make political
capital for somebody. It could not have been projected for
the defense ofthe inhabitants of Oregon, nor for the protec-
tion of Oregonians in Washington Territory, for none re-
sided there. What, then, could have been the object?
Nothin<T but a crusade against the Indians, and a long war
to enrich the country. If such was not the object, Governor
Curry, instead of sending his troops against the Indian* in
Washington Territory, and beyond his jurisdiction, would
have sent all of them to southern Oregon, where the war
ra^ed, and nowhere else in his Territory. The Oregomans
say that the war " is a God-send to the country."
It would, however, appear from the Governor's procla- •
mation that he did send a regiment to southern Oregon ;
but, fiom all the information I have received from that sec-
tion of country, they have been of little or no service, so far
as "iving protection to the inhabitants; and yet the war has
been carried on between the volunteers and the Indians m
a most signally barbarous and savage manner. My inform-
ation is derived from citizens and regular officers under
my command, and not from any of the cm! or military func-
tionaries of the Territory of Oregon. I have never been in-
formed by any one, not even by the Governor, of the mili-
tary wants of the Territory. He has never called on me
for troops to defend it or to protect the inhabitants from sav-
age barbarity, although he has, as it would appeal, purposely
avoided all communication with me on the subject. I have
not been unmuidful ofthe condition aud wants of the Per-
ritoiv. I have not failed, as far as it was in my power, to
defend and protect such parts as were exposed and assailed
by the Indians ; and 1 have no doubt but for the indiserun-
inate warfare carried on against them, and the massacre off
several parties of friendly Indians by the troops of Governor
Curry, the war would have long since been biought to a
close m Oregon. Although the Indians are retaliating with
fearful vengeance on innocent citizens, for the murder m
Octobei last, bv Major Lupton and Ins party, of twenty-five
fnendlv Indian's, eighteen of whom were women and chil-
dren, all going to the military reservation at Fort Lane tor
protection, and notwithstanding the massacres on the 2Jd
and 24th of December last, when volunteers mttKJwHt
about forty unfermbd fiicndly Indians belonging to the aan«
ofthe Chief Jake, who was among the kUie^ Ithmk, u
the volunteers, who expect to be paid largely fcrt&w ser
vices, were withdrawn, and private war
eoon end the war in Rogue river valley, and indeed through
