ISM.}
AFP0SNMX TO THE CONGRESSLQUM* GLOBS.
899
34th Oong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Seward.
StWATK.
ist;" but whea those men who thus slandered
lam are dead and gone, and their names no longer
remembered on earth, the feme of Calhoun will
shine, out with all the splendor of the mid-day
son. But peace to his ashes—-green be the grass
upon his grave!
I repeat, sir, that in this hour of danger, it is
a source of regret to me that die ship of State
has to be intrusted to new and comparatively
untried hands. Whether it will go down be?
neath the waves of popular excitement, or ride
out the storm in safety, is a problem yet to be
solved. The presidential election will settle the
qtustion. I hope and trust ia God, that the Union
of these States, as established by our forefathers,
will be preserved,and handed down as* blessing
to posterity. I love the Union. 1 am no disunion-
ist per ie+and never was. In 18511 acted with the
southern rights party, and glory in it now. But,
sir, 1 loved the Union then, and love it still. I
wish it to last as long as the sun shines, or the
water runs. Its "music" has a charm to my
ear; but I can never " keep step to it," unless I
am marching under the banner of the Corutitntion.
I blindly follow no party—no men.
How can the Union be preserved? There is
but one way to save it. Let the South as a wiit
met with the true and conservative Democrats in
the North, who are. now rallied under the flag of
State, rights and the Constitution, ahd fighting
Aobiy against our common enemy. If tie na-
tional Democracy, as at present organized, shall
succeed, all will be well; but if the banner of
Hack Republicanism triumphs, it will be the
signal for the destruction of the best Government
that the genius of man ever constructed. We j
will stand by you, men of the North, who stand j
by our constitutional rights; we will strengthen
your arm in the fight; and hope that our voices !
may mingle with yours in the shouts of victory j
at the end of the contest. The peace of the coun- I
try requires that this fanatical, abolition spirit
should be crushed. I appeal to the conservative !
men of the North to terminate this crusade which
Republicans and Abolitionists, in an allied army, j
are urging against the rights of the South. Let;
this agitation cease. Let the blessings of this 1
Government fall, like the dews of heaven, equally
upon all sections of the Union. And then you
will find the citizens of the whole country cling-
ing to the Constitution as the palladium of our
rights, and to the union of these States as the
ark of our political safety. Then* as the rays of
th« morning sunfellinganMemaon's lyre, always
•caused it to vibrate tones of heavenly music; so
will the light which shines forth from the stars of
our national flag ever fill the great heart of the
American people with joyful enthusiasm, and
animate it with impulses, of a lofty patriotism.
ADMISSION Off KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. W. H. SEWARD,
OF NEW YORK,
In the Senate, Jpril 9,1856.
. The Senate, as in Committee o£ the Whole, having pi der
consideration the hill to authorize the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas to form a constitution and State government,
preparatory to their admission into the Union, when, they
have the requisite population—
Mr. SEWARD said: Mr. President, to obtain
empire is easy and common; to govern it well is
difficult and rare indeed. I salute the. Congress
of the United States in the exercise of its most
important function, that of extending the Federal
.Constitution over added domains; and I salute
-especially the Senate in the most august of all its
manifold characters, itself a Congress of thirty-
one free, equal, sovereign States, assembled to
decide whether the majestic and fraternal circle
shall be opened to receive yet another free, equal,
and sovereign State.
The Constitution prescribes only two qualifica-
tions for new States, namely—a substantial civil
community, and a republican government. Kan-
sas has both of these.
The circumstances of Kansas, and her relations
towards the Union, are peculiar, anomalous, and
deeply interesting. The United States acquired
the province of Louisiana {which included the
present Territory of Kansas) from France, in
1803, by a treaty, in which they agreed that its
inhabitants should be incorporated into the Fed-
eral Union, and admitted as soon as possible,
according to the principles of the Constitution, to
the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages, and
immunities of citizens of the United States.
Nevertheless, Kansas was, in 1820, assigned as
a home for an indefinite period to several savage
Indian, tribes,and closed against immigration and
all other thaa aboriginal civilization, but not
without a, cotemporaneous pledge to the Ameri-
canpeopleand to mankind, that neither slavery nor
involuntary servitude should be tolerated therein
forever. In 1854 Congress directed a removal
of the Indian tribes, and organized and opened
Kansas to civilization; but by the same act re-
scinded the pledge of perpetual dedication, to free-
dom, and substituted for it another, which de-
clared that the [future}- people of Kansas should
be left perfectly free to establish or to exclude
slavery, as they should decide through the action
of a republican government which Congress
modeled and authorized them to establish, under
the protection of the United States. Notwith-
standing this latter pledge, when the newly-asso-
ciated people of Kansas, in 1855, were proceed-
ing with the machinery of popular elections, in the
manner prescribed by Congress, to choose, legisla-
tive bodies for the .purpose of organizing that
republican government,, armed bands of invaders
from the State of Missouri entered the Territory,
seized the polls, overpowered or drove away the
inhabitants, usurped the elective franchise, de-
posited false and spurious ballots without regard
to regularity of qualification or of numbers, pro-
cured official certificates of the result by fraud
and force, and thus created and constituted legis-
lative bodies to act for and in the name of the
people of the Territory. These legislative bodies
afterwards assembled, assumed to be a legitimate
Legislature, set forth a code of municipal laws,
created public offices, and filled them with officers
appointed for considerable periods by themselves,
and thus established a complete and effective
foreign tyranny over the people of the Territory.
These high-handed transactions were consum-
mated with the expressed purpose of establishing
African slavery as a permanent institution within
the Territory toy force, in violation o£ the natural
rights of the people solemnly guarantied to them
by the Congress of the United Stalest The"Pres-
idem^of the United States has been an accessory
to these political transactions, with full complicity
in regard to the purpose for which they were
committed. He has adopted the usurpation, and
made it his own, and he is now maintaining it
with the military arm of the Republic. Thus
Kansas ha* beeft revolutionized, and she now lies
subjugated and prostrate at the foot of the Pres-
ident of the United States; while he, through the
agency of a foreign tynuyiy established within
her borders, is forcibly introducing and establish-
ing slavery there, in contempt and defiance of the
organic law. These extraordinary transactions
have been attended by civil commotions, in which
property, life, and liberty have been exposed to
violenee; and these commotions still continue to
threaten, not only the Territory itself, but also
the adjacent States, with the calamities and diar
asters of civil war.
I am fully aware of the gravity of the charges
against the President of the United States which
this statement of the condition and relations of
Kansas imports. I shall proceed, without fear
and without reserve, to make them good. The
maxim, that a sacred veil must be drawn over
the beginning of all Governments, does not hold
under our system. I shall first call the accuser
into the presence of the Senate—then examine
the defenses which the President has made—and,
last, submit the evidences by which he is con-
victed.
The people of Kansas know whether these
eharges are true or false. They have adopted
them, and, on the ground of the high political
necessity which the wrongs they have endured,
and are yet enduring, and the dangers through
which they have already passed, and the perils to
"which they are yet exposed, have created, they
have provisionally organized themselvesa&a State,
and that State is now here, by its two chosen
Senators and on* Representative, standingout-
side at the doors of Congress, applying to be ad-
mitted into the Union, as a means of relief indis-
pensable for the purposes of peace, freedom, and
safety. This new State is the President's response
ible accuser.
The President of the United States, without
waiting for the appearance of his accuser at the
Capitol, anticipated the accusations, and submit-
ted his defenses against them to Congress. The
first one of these defenses wis contained in his
annual message, which was communicated to
Congress on the 30th of December, 1855. I
examine it. You shall see at once that the Pres-
ident's mind was oppressed—was full of some-
thing too large and burdensome to be concealed,
and yet too critical, to be told.
Mark, if you please, the state of the case at
that time. So early as August, 1855, the peo-
ple ofy Kansas had denounced the Legislature.
They had at voluntary elections chosen Mr. A. H.
Reeder to represent them in the present Congress,
instead of J. W. Whitfield, who held a certificate
of election under the authority of the Legislature.
They had also, on the 23d day of October, 1855,
by similar voluntary elections, constituted at
Topeka an organic convention, which framed a
constitution for the projected State. They had
also, on the 15th of December, 1855, at similar
voluntary elections, adopted that constitution,
and its tenor was fully known. It provided for
elections to be held throughout the new State on
the 15th of January, 1856, to fill the offices
created by it, and it also required the executive
and legislative officers, thus to be chosen, to
assemble at Topeka on the 4th day of March,
1856, to inaugurate the new State provisionally,
and to take the necessary measures for the ap-
pointment ofSenators, who, together with aRep-
resentative already chosen, should submit the con-
stitution to Congress at an early day, and apply
for the admission of the State of Kansas into the
.Union. All these proceedings had been based on
the grounds that the territorial authorities of
Kansas had been established by armed foreign
usurpation, and were, nevertheless, sustained by
the President of the United States. A constitu-
tional obligation required the President " to give
to Congress," in his annual message, " informa-
tion of the state of the Union;" Here is all" the
information" which the President gave to Con-
gress concerning the events in Kansas* and it*
relations to the Union :
" In the Territory of Kansai there have been acts prejtt-
Slcial'to good ortler, but as yet none haye occurred under
circumstances te justiSy tbfc interposition of the Federal
fxeoutive,, That could only be in case of obstruction to
pderal law, or of organized resistance to territorial law,
assuming the character of insurrection, which, if it should
"occur, it would be my duty promptly to overcome and sup-
press. I cherishlbe hope, however, that the occurrence of
any such untoward event will be prevented by the sound
sense of the people of the Territory, who, by its organic
i law, possessing the right to determine their own domestic
institutions, are entitled, whHe deporting themselves peace-
fully, to the free exercise of that right, and must be pro-
tected in the enjoyment of it, without interference on the
part of the eitizens of any of the States."
This information implies, that no invasion,
usurpation, or tyranny, have been committed
within the Territory by strangers; and that the
provisional State organization now going forward
is not only unnecessary, but also prejudicial to
good order, and insurrectionary. It menaces the
people of Kansas with a threat, that the Presi-
dent will "overcome and suppress" them. It
mocks them with a promise, that, if they shall
hereafter deport themselVes properly, under the
\ control of authorities by which they have been
! disfranchised, in determining institutions which
have been already forcibly determined for them
by foreign invasion, then they " must be protect-
ed against interference by citizens of a#y of the
States."
The President, however, not content with %
statement so obscure and unfair, devotes a third
part of the annual message to argumentative spec-
ulations bearing on the character of his accuser.
Each State has two and no more Senators in the
Senate of the United States. In determining the
apportionment of Representatives in the House
of Representatives, and in the electoral coltegeg
among the States, three fifths of all the slaves in
any State are enumerated. The slaveholding oi;
