1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$009
came acquainted with these facts, and, instead of
obeying his; orders, he turned back, giving as his
reason that supplies of horses and cattle could
not be obtained there, and returned five hundred
miles north of San Diego, placing the enemy
between lumself and his commander-in-clnef,
and cutting1 off all communication with him.
This act of Fremont delayed the commodore's
advance for months. Stockton, however, finally
procured horses and cattle where Fremont said
they could not be obtained. Fremont abandoned
the seat of war. lie left that part of the country
where hostilities prevailed, and never returned,
until after the enemy was defeated and dispersed.
Commodore Stockton, after waiting tsvo months
for the necessary supplies of horses and cattle,
which were at last obtained from Lower Califor-
nia, on the 29th of December, advanced north
upon De Los Angelos against the foe, fought the
battles of San Gabriel and Mesa, defeated and
dispersed the army of California, and conquered
the country a second time. He heard nothing
of Fremont until four days after his (Stockton's)
entry into the capital. Then Fremont made his
appearance; and having on his journey fallen in
with the beaten and flying California generals
and a few stragglers—remnants of the defeated
forces—he made a treaty of capitulation with
them. Stockton had refused to treat with Gen-
erals Flores and Pico, because they had once
already broken their parol of honor. Fremont,
however, having not participated in the war,
makes a great merit of this capitulation with these
defeated officers, with whom Stockton would not
treat, and whom he considered as of no import-
ance. All these facts will be seen from the offi-
cial dispatches of Commodore Stockton. They
show that Fremont, in the first campaign, did
nothing while under Stockton but go to San
Diego, and ride up from that place in August to
meet Stockton after he had compelled Castro to
break up his camp and disperse his army. In
the second campaign, Fremont failed to execute
liis orders, and retired live hundred miles from
the enemy, and never returned until the fighting
was over. There is nothing, from his own pen
or that of others, nor is there any evidence of
any sort that Fremont, ever had a single encounter
with an enemy while m California. He has been
called the path-finder; but it was unfortunate for
him that the paths he trod did not lead him into
the presence of an enemy.
Mr. President, in the foregoing remarks, and
the exposure I have made of the weakness and
absurdity of the claim setup for Mr. Fremont to
the conquest of California, I have been actuated
by far higher motives than such as I know will
be imputed to me. I regard it, sir, as a duty 1
owe to the truth of history, as well as to a dis-
tinguished friend and constituent, to see that the
laurels which he has nobly won shall not be torn
from his brow to decorate another's. For Com-
modore Stockton 1 claim the credit of the con-
quest of California. So far from Mr. Fremont
being entitled to it, it does not appear that he was
ever engaged in a single battle; and the extentof
the responsibility he assumed in California seems
to have been, first, to fortify a position of self-
defense against a threatened attack of the Cal-
ifornians; and second, to unite with the forces of
General Ide, on the 25th of June, atSonoma, and to
undertake an expedition against General Castro,
in which he was outwitted by the wily Mexicans.
Immediately after this he marched to Monterey,
and accepted an appointment as major from Com-
modore Stockton, under whose orders he served,
as has been shown, until the conclusion of the
war.
And now, sir, I have attempted to describe
fairly and truly the achievements of Mr. Fremont
in California; and I ask if any claim can he found
in them to the title of its conqueror?
And now, Mr. President, it is hardly neces-
sary, after this exposure of the pretensions set
up for Mr. Fremont, to say who was the con-
queror. That has been already indicated. But
I will take the liberty to state, as briefly as pos-
sible, <i few additional facts to establish still more
incontostably the claims of Commodore Stockton
to that great honor. Stockton assumed the com-
mand of the United States naval forces on the
52'kl of July, ]*4(). The condition of the country
at that time has already been shown. On the
same day he issued a proclamation placing the
country under martial law, and resolved upon the
most prompt and vigorous prosecution of the
war. He immediately organized a corps of one
hundred and sixty mounted men, composed
chiefly of American settlers, appointed Mr. Fre-
mont major of the battalion, and Lieutenant Gil-
lespie, of the marine corps, captain; retaining
the chief direction of affairs in his own hands.
In twenty-four hours thereafter he dispatched
this corps under Major Fremont on the sloop of
war Cyane, Captain Du Pont, to San Diego, to
procure horses and cattle, and to cooperate with
him in the contemplated attack of the City of the
Angels. On the 1st of August, he sailed himself
in the frigate Congress for Monterey, and pro-
ceeded to San Pedro, (about thirty miles from the
City of the Angels,) and landed three hundred
and fifty seamen and marines, and commenced
the work of drilling them for the new service in
which they were engaged. On the 11th of Au-
gust, he commenced his march upon that city.
On the 12th, when within a few miles of the
enemy, they became panic-stricken and fled, leav-
ing behind their baggage and artillery. The
principal officers and a portion of the troops sur-
rendered themselves prisoners of war, the city
capitulated, and on the 13th, Commodore Stock-
ton took possession of the capital of California.
The country was now conquered—the inhabit-
ants quietly submitted—and Stockton immedi-
ately proceeded to organize a civil government.
He prescribed a tariff' of imposts, and appointed
appraisers, collectors, and other officers for the
collection of the revenues, and did every other
lawful act which a conqueror and governor could
do.
Having settled all these matters, and seeing
the new government in full and successful opera-
tion, he left the city, and proceeded to San Fran-
cisco, for the purpose of organizing an expedi-
tion, to be commanded by himself, to land at
Acapulco, on the western coast of Mexico, with
a view of cooperating with General Scott before
the city of Mexico. But before he could accom- ;
plish the necessary arrangements for such a pur- ■
pose, advantage was taken of his absence from
the capital, and Generals Pico and Florcs (who
had been set at liberty after the capture of the
city on their parol of honor) had raised a force
of four or five hundred men, and, appearing be-
fore the city, demanded its surrender. The gar-
rison, consisting of one hundred men, under Cap-
tain Gillespie, unable to resist a force so superior
in numbers, was obliged to submit, and the city
fell into the hands of the insurgent Californians.
This insurrection the commodore determined to
quell, and promptly made all his arrangements
for that purpose. Major Fremont was dispatched
with one hundred and sixty men to Santa Bar-
bara, at which place, after procuring horses, he
was to hold himself in readiness to join the com- '
modore on his march against the rebels. The 1
commodore himself sailed in the Congress, ran
into Monterey, which had been threatened, 1
strengthened that place with fifty men, and pro-
ceeded to San Pedro. At this place he found the
enemy in considerable numbers, and learned also
that an engagement had taken place between
them and the crew of the frigateSavannah, which
had resulted to the disadvantage of the Amen- ■
cans, and had greatly encouraged the Califor- 1
nians. He immediately landed from his ship
with three hundred men, in the face of the enemy, '
and, after a skirmish, compelled them to retreat;
but as they were all mounted he could not pur-.
sue them. The anchoiagc at this place being in- ;
secure at that season of the year, the Congress ,
sailed for San Diego, where Lieutenant Minor
was besieged and reduced to great distress. The
ship, m entering the harbor, grounded on a bar,
and came near falling over; and while the crew .
were engaged in shoring her up to prevent such
an occurrence, the town was vigorously attacked
by the enemy. Notwithstanding this mishap to
the frigate, the commodore himself, with as many 1
men as could be spared, immediately landed, and, j
after a severe action, repulsed them and relieved |
the garrison. I
Preparations were then actively made for the [
march upon the capital. Horses and cattle were
to be procured, and officers, with a detachment
of men, were sent to Lower California to collect
them. Whilst this portion of the little sailor
army was thus employed, the men were kept
constantly at work in manufacturing saddles for
horses, shoes of canvass and leather for them-
selves, and gun-carriages for artillery, and in
their regular drill. At this place he was kept
waiting for the arrival of Major Fremont with
his mounted men, until the 29th of December,
when, having received his supplies from Lower
California, and having heard nothing of Fremont,
he determined to wait no longer, and marched
without lum upon the City of the Angels. On
the morning of the 8th of January, being in
presence of the enemy, he marshaled his little
army, and advanced against the opposing force.
He found them advantageously posted on the
other side of the river San Gabriel, on a bluff or
range of low hills. Their artillery commanded
the passage, and it was strongly supported with
cavalry. The commodore, passing through the
ranks of his men, reminded them that it was the
8th of January, and that he expected them to add
new luster to the day. Their enthusiasm was
unbounded. Notwithstanding the fire from the
enemy, no shot was returned until after they had
reached the opposite bank. There was great
difficulty in accomplishing this, for the bed of the
river was a quicksand; and General Kearny, who
was serving with Commodore Stockton at the
time as a volunteer, declared it would be impos-
sible to pass over the guns. On hearing this,
the commodore dismounted from his horse,
plunged into the river, and taking hold himself
of the ropes, said, " Quicksand or no quicksand,
the guns shall pass over." Cheered by his heroic
conduct and example, the men renewed their
exeitions, and soon landed the guns on the op-
posite side. The battle now commenced or
the side of the Americans; and the enemy, aftei
standing their ground bravely for some time
against a terrible fire of artillery, began to give
way, and a charge up the bluff compelled them
to retreat m confusion. The loss of the Americans
was only two killed and nine wounded. The
loss of the enemy, as afterwards ascertained, was
over seventy killed and one hundred and fifty
wounded.
On the morning of the 9th he pursued the
retreating foe m the direction of the City of the
Angels. About six miles from the city he again
encountered them in a well-chosen position, and
another severe battle was fought, in which the
Californians were again beaten, and fled in differ-
ent directions. As the American commander had
no cavalry, it was impossible to pursue them.
The commodore continued his march; and on
the 11th, at the head of his army, he marched
into the city and took possession of it.
These battles decided the fate of California.
The scattered remnants of the California army
under Mores and Pico, a few days after, hearing
of the approach of Colonel Fremont, threw them-
selves in his way, and concluded a formal treaty,
by which they agreed to cease all hostilities, and
to acknowledge the. authority of the United States.
Tins ended the war m California; and, in the
language of the Secretary of War, " Commodore
Stockton took possession of the whole country,
as a conquest of the United States, and appointed
Colonel Fremont Governor, under the law of
nations, to assume the functions of that office
when he should return to the squadron.3'
And now, Mr. President, having, as I believe,
fairly and truly stated the respective claims of
Colonel Fremont and Commodore Stockton to
the honor of the conquest of California, I ask,
was not Commodore Stockton the conqueror?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President I
am indebted to the kindness and courtesy of the
Senate for allowing me the privilege of addressing
them to-day. As i announced a few days ago, it
is not my purpose to attempt to enlighten the Sen-
ate upon the subject of the resolution now pending.
My object is a wholly different one; and 1 feel that
1 owe to the Senate a debt of gratitude for the per-
mission extended to me to be heard to-day.
Mr. President, in a letter addressed to my con-
stituents in April last, I made them the following
pledge:
" Left, as I am, to dcciJo for myself what T audit to<|n .
view of all the difficultly that lie m m\ way, iul!v nnpie '-e.<
with the responsibility that upon im • Imv- v.muIv
Mirvojuri the whole gtound, <utd m\ juduuicui i-> d< iih. .
formed, 1 shall .-stand wheie I am, jn^t a- 1 am, and vv.i.i
the coining of futuie development*. Wo have b-'ibfc li-
the names of the candidates of the American pat ty and their
