400
appendix to the congressional guobe.
[April 9,
34th Gong. ...1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
non-slaveholding character of a State is determ-
ined, not at the time of ita admission into the
Union as a State, but at that earlier period of its
political life in which, being called a Territory, it
is politically dependent on the United States, or
on some foreign sovereign. Slavery is tolerated
in some of the States, and forbidden in others.
Affecting1 the industrial and the economical sys-
tems of the several States, as slavery and free-
dom do, this diversity of practice concerning
them early worked out a corresponding difference
of conditions, interests, and ambitions, among
the States, and divided and arrayed them into
two classes. The balance of political power be-
tween these two classes in the Federal system is
sensibly affected by the accession of any new
State to either of them. Each State, therefore,
watches jealously the settlement, growth, and
inchoate slaveholaing and non-slaveholding char-
acters of Territories, which may ultimately! come
into the Union as States. It nas resulted from
these circumstances, that slavery, in relations
purely political and absolutely Federal, is an
elemen t which enters with more or less activity in to
many national questions of finance, of revenue,
of expenditure, of protection, of free trade, of
Satronage, of peace, of war, of annexation, of
efense, and of conquest, and modifies opinions
concerning constructions of the Constitution, and
the distribution of powers between the Union
and the several States by which it is constituted.
Slavery, under these political and Federal aspects
alone, enters into the transactions in Kansas, with
which the President and Congress are concerned.
Nevertheless, he disingenuously alludes to those
transactions in his defense, as if they were iden-
tified with that moral discussion of slavery which
he regards as odious and alarming, and without
any other claim to consideration. Thus he alludes
to the question before us as belonging to a "polit-
ical agitation " "concerning a matter which con-
sists to a great extent of exaggeration of inev-
itable evils, or over-zeal in social improvement,
or mere imagination of grievance, having but a
remote connection with any of the constitutional
functions of the Federal Government, and mena-
cing the stability of the Constitution and the in-
tegrity of the Union."
In like manner, the President assails and stig-
matizes those who defend and maintain the cause
of Kansas as " men« of narrow views and sec-
tional purposes," "engaged in those wild and
chimerical schemes of social change which are
generated one after another in the unstable minds
of visionary sophists and interested agitators"—
" mad men, raising the storm of phrensy and fac-
tion ,'' "sectional agitators,''4 'enemies of the Con-
stitution, who have surrendered themselves so
far to a fanatical devotion to the supposed inter-
ests of the relatively few Africans in the United
States, as totally to abandon and disregard the
interests of the twenty-five millions of Americans,
and trample under foot the injunctions of moral
and constitutional obligation, and to engage in
plans of vindictive hostility against those who
are associated with them in the enjoyment of the
common heritage of our free institutions." Sir,
the President's defense on this occasion, if not
a matter simply personal, is at least one of tem-
porary and ephemeral importance. Possibly, all
the advantages he will gain by transferring to his
accuser a portion of the popular prejudice against
abolition and Abolitionists can be spared to him.
It would be wise, however, for those whose inter-
ests are inseparable from slavery, to reflect that
abolition will gain an equivalent benefit from the
identification of the President's defense with their
cherished institution. Abolition is a slow but
irrepressible uprising of principles of natural jus-
tice and humanity, obnoxious to prejudice, be-
cause they conflict inconveniently with existing
material, social, and political interests. It belongs
to others than statesmen,charged with the care of
present interests, to conduct the social reformation
of mankind in its broadest bearings. I leave to
Abolitionists their own work of self-vindication.
I may, however, remind slaveholders that there
is a time when oppression and persecution cease
to be effectual against such movements; and then
the odium they nave before unjustly incurred be-
comes an element of strength and power. Chris-
tianity, blindly maligned during three centuries
by Pretors, Governors, Senates, Councils, and
Emperors, towered above its enemies in a fourth;
and even the cross on which its Founder had ex-
pired, and which therefore was the emblem of its
shame, became the sign under which it went
forth evermore thereafter, conquering and to con-
quer. Abolition is yet in its first century. _
The President raises in his defense a false issue,
and elaborates an irrelevant argument to prove
that Congress has no right orpower, nor has any
sister State any right or power, to interfere within
a slave State, Dy legislation or force, to abolish
slavery therein—as if you, or I, or any other
responsible man, ever maintained the contrary.
The President distorts the Constitution from
its simple text, so as to make it expressly and
directly defend, protect, and guaranty African
slavery. Thus he alleges that" the Government"
which resulted from the Revolution was a" Fed-
eral Republic of the free white men of the Colo-
nies;" whereas, on the contrary,the Declaration
of Independence asserts the political equality of
all men; and even the Constitution itself carefully
avoids any political recognition, not merely of
slavery, but of the diversity of races. The Pres-
ident represents the Fathers as having contem-
plated and provided for a permanent increase of
the number of slaves in some of the States, and
therefore forbidden Congress to touch slavery in
the way of attack or offense, and as having there-
fore also placed it under.tlie general safeguard
of the Constitution; whereas, the Fathers, by
authorizing Congress to abolish the African slave
trade after 1808, as a means of attack, inflicted
on slavery in the States a blow, of which they
expected it to languish immediately, and ulti-
mately to expire.
The President closes his defense in the annual
message with a deliberate assault, very incongru-
ous in such a place, upon some of the northern
States. At the same time he abstains, with
marked caution, from naming the accused States.
They, however, receive a compliment at his hands,
by way of giving keenness to his rebuke, which
enables us to identify them. They are northern
States " which were conspicuous in founding the
Republic." All of the original northern States
were conspicuous in that great transaction: All
of them, therefore, are accused. The offense
charged is, that they disregard their constitu-
tional obligations; and, although " conscious of
their inability to heal admitted and palpable so-
cial evils of their own, confessedly withirftheir
jurisdiction, they engage in an offensive, hope-
less, and illegal undertaking, to reform the do-
mestic institutions of the southern States, at the
peril of the very existence of the Constitution,
and of all the countless benefits which it has
conferred." I challenge the President to the
proof, in behalf of Massachusetts; although I
have only the interest common to all Americans
and to all men in her great fame. What one
corporate or social evil is there, of which she is
conscious, and conscious also of inability to heal
it? Is it ignorance, prejudice, bigotry, vice,
crime,public disorder, poverty, or disease, afflict-
ing the minds or the bodies of her people ? There
she Btands. Survey her universities, colleges',
academies, observatories, primary schools, Sun-
day schools, penal codes, and penitentiaries. De-
scend into her quarries, walk over her fields and
through her gardens, observe her manufactories
of a thousand various fabrics, watch her steamers
ascending every riverand inleton your own coast,
and her ships displaying their canvas on every
sea; follow her fishermen in their adventurous
voyages from her own and adjacent bays to the
icy ocean under either pole; and then return and
enter her hospitals, which cure or relieve suffering
humanity in every condition and at every period
of life, from the lying-in to the second childhood,
and which not only restore sight to the blind r and
hearing to the deaf, and speech to the dumb, but
also bring back wandering reason to the insane,
and teach even the idiot to think! Massachusetts,
sir, is a model of States, worthy of all honor; and
though she was most conspicuous of all the States
in the establishment of republican institutions
here, she is even more conspicuous still for the
municipal wisdom with which she has made
them contribute to the welfare of her people, and
to the greatness of the Republic itself.
In behalf of New York, for whom it is my
right and duty to speak, I defy the presidential
accuser, Mark her tranquil magnanimity, which
becomes a State for whose delivery from tyranny
Schuyler devised and labored, who received her
political constitution from Hamilton, her intel-
lectual and physical development from Clinton,
and her lessons in humanity from Jay. As she
waves her wand over the continent, trade for-
sakes the broad natural channels which conveyed
it before to the Delaware and Chesapeake bays,
and to the Gulfs of St. Lawrence and Mexico,
and obedient to her command pours itself through
her artificial channels into her own once obscure
sea-port. She stretches her wand again towards
the ocean, and the commerce of all the continents
concentrates itself at her feet; and with it strong
and full floods of immigration ride in, contributing
labor, capital, art, valor, and enterprise, to perfect
and embellish our ever-widening empire.
When, and on what occasion, has Massachu-
setts or New York officiously and illegally in-
truded herself within the jurisdiction of sister
States, to modify or reform their institutions?
No, no, sir. Their faults have been quite differ-
ent. They have conceded too often and too much
for their own just dignity.and influence in Federal
administration, to the querulous complaints of the
States, in whose behalf the President arraigns
them. I thank the President for the insult which,
though so deeply unjust, was perhaps needful to
arouse them to their duty in this great emerg-
ency.
The President, in this connection, reviews the
acquisitions of new domain, the organization of
new Territories, and the admission of new States,
and arrives at results which must be as agreeably
surprising to the slave States, as they are as-
tounding to the free States. He finds that the
former nave been altogether guiltless of political
ambition; while he convicts the latter, not only of
unjust territorial aggrandizement, but also of false
and fraudulent clamor against the slave States, to
cover their own aggressions. Notwithstanding
the President's elaborated misconceptions, these
historical facts remain, namely: that no acquisi-
tion whatever has ever been made at the instance
of the free States, and with a view to their aggran-
dizement: that Louisiana and Florida, incident-
ally acquired for general and important national
objects, have already yielded to the slave States
three States of their own class, while Texas was
avowedly annexed as a means of security to
slavery, and one slave State has been already
admitted from that acquisition, andOongress has
stipulated for the admission of four more: that,
by way of equivalent for the admission of Cali-
fornia, a free State, the slave States have obtained
a virtual repeal of the Mexican law which for-
bade slavery in NewMexico and Utah; and that,
as a consequence of that extraordinary legisla-
tion, Congress has also rescinded the prohibition
of slavery, which, in 1820, was extenaed over all
that part of Louisiana, except Missouri, which
lies north of 36C> 30' of north latitude. Sir, the
real crime of the northern States is this: they are
forty degrees too high on the arc of north latitude.
I dismiss for the present the President's first
defense against the accusation of the new State
of Kansas.
On the 24th of January, 1856, when no import-
ant event had happened which was unknown at
the date of the President's annual message, he
submitted to Congress his second defense, in the
form of a special message. In this paper, the
President deplores, as the cause of all the troubles
which have occurred in Kansas, delays of the or-
ganization of the Territory which have been per-
mitted by the Governor, Mr. Reeder. The organic
law was passed by Congress on the 31st of May,
1854, but on that day there was not one lawful
elector, citizen, or inhabitant, within the Terri-
tory; while the question, whether slavery or uni-
versal freedom should be established there, was
devolved practically on the first legislative bodies
to be elected by the people who were to become
thereafter the inhabitants of Kansas. The elec-
tion for the first legislative bodies was appointed
by the Governor to be held on the 30th of March,
1855; and the 2d day of July, 1855, was desig-
nated for the organization of the Legislative As-
sembly. The only civilized community that was
