1136
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7.
out Oregon and Wasliiiigton ; but the determination of the
Oregonians to exterminate the Indians, which 1 am wholly
opposed to, if not discountenanced by the United States
Government, may prolong the war almost indefinitely. An-
other Florida war can be had in Rogue river valley, owing
to the mountainous character of the country. The same
remark will apply to Puget Sound, where it is exceedingly
difficult to follow the Indians in the dense forests of thatre-
gion. Yet, by a proper and judicious course, the war may
be brought to a close, when, by establishing posts at proper
points, a recurrence of-the past might be prevented ; but to
do this, I repeat, the extermination of the Indians should
be abandoned. No doubt they could be exterminated, but
it would cost from fifty to one hundred millions of dollars,
besides thousands of innocent and valuable lives. Sull,
with all the difficulties presented and staring us in the face,
I do not despair. With eight companies of regular troops
in Rogue river valley, and another on the way, where there
are about two hundred warriors in arms, increased to that
number by the barbarous conduct of the volunteers towards
the friendly Indians, and seven companies in Puget Sound,
where there are not over one hundred and fifty in arms
against the whites, commanded by active, vigilant, and in-
telligent officers, I cannot but hope that the war m those
two sections will soon be brought to a elosc, when we will
meet with no difficulty in bringing the Indians to terms east
of the Cascade range of mountains.
To show how determined the people of Oregon are to
exterminate the Indians, it is only necessary to represent
their conduct towards four hundred friendly Indians wait-
ing on the miUtaiy reserve at Fort Lane to be conducted to
the coast range reservation. Captain Smith, commanding
at that post, with two companies of regulars, reported to
me that it took a large part of his command to prevent the
citizens from murdering those four hundred Indians. T
have been informed by those whose chaiaeter for truth and
veracity is not to be questioned, that meetings of the citi-
zens of Oregon had been held, when it was resolved, if the
attempt was made to conduct those Indians to the cofi=a
reserve, they would not only Jail them, but all who might
accompany them. Alter the Indians recently started tor
the reserve, although escorted by over one hundred soldiers,
they were followed by a citizen, who shot one ot the In-
dians, declaim# at the same tune he intended to follow
them and kill all he could. Many and &imi!ar case* have
boon reporter!. I regiettbat I am compelled to <ay that
such conduct is too much encouraged by persons holding
high offices under the Government of the United States;
and because I have opposed this inhuman and barbarous
practice,and the wholesale plundering of the Treasury of
the United Suites, which there is no circumstance to
justify, 1 have been denounced by the Governors of both
Territories and the Legislature of Oregon. The latter has
demanded of the President of the United States my remo-
val fiom the command of the Pacific department. To
discover how much truth is contained in the ehuiges pre-
sented against me in the memorial to the President, it will
only be necessary to read this communication. I am,
however, sin pi d to find that the Legrslatiue does not
know tln^boundaiie* of its own Teirifoiy. Walla-W.illa
is m VVa.#mgtoii and not in Oregon Temtoiy. No citi-
zens were there except two or three besides those attached,
or had been attached, to the Hudson Hay Company, and
these weie mostly half-breeds oi Canadians. It is well
known that they arc in no danger of being killed by the
Indians. All not Americans, or Kostons, as the Indians
call them, not found in arms against them, are respected,
at least they aie m no danger of being killed by them.
In conclusion, it only remains tor me to notice a letter,
lest it should create iaNe impression*? and mislead the pub-
lic, of I. I. Steven*', Governor of Washington Tetritory,
dated the 8th of March, 1856, anil published in San Fran-
cisco. The Governor, in his letter of appeal to the citizens
of Kau Francisco, would induce them to believe that there
weie not to exceed nine hundred regulars in Washington
and Oregon, and that theie weie but lbui companies ot
regulars at one point in i'ujjet riound. At the date of his
letter there weie live companies of regulars actively ope-
rating again;! Jes^ than two hundred waruors in ai ins aVamst
the whne4-, and day* aftei seven companies, live hundred
stronjr, under the direction of Lieutenant Colonel Casey and
Major Garnett. At the date of his letter, instead of nine
hundred, a  lie asserts, there were one thousand nine han-
dled regular-;, and at tins tune two thousand. Of the thirty-
three companies in the Pacific depaitnicnt twenty-seven
•are operating m Oregon and Washington, distributed as
fallows; Nine in southern Oregon, >cven hundicd stiong,
actively opeiatmg against certainly not to exceed two hun-
dred wamors m arms against the whites; seven com-
panies, as be'ore mentioned, in Puget tfoimd, with less
than two hundred warriors m arms air.unst them ; one
company at Vancouvei and ten companies at the H.ilies
under the command of Colonel Geoige Wright, of the
ninth mlantiy. The latter will be efficiently, and 1 tru^t
fcueee-ssfulh, employed ayam>t the fndians east of the Cas-
cade nfnge'of mountains as soon as the season will permit,
that u>, as soon ivs grass can be had to Hippoit animals—a
force amply sufficient to terminate the win m all parts of
the two Territories, and aftenvaids to pievent past occur-
rences, if the volunteers could be withdrawn, and private
war prevented ; but as long as Governor of the Tern tones
make war and exercise powers, as I believe, unknown to
the President of the United States, and individuals raise
volunteers and make war on the Indians whenever they
please, and Congress will pay the expense, &o long we will
have war in Washington and Oregon Territories. Jt is
said by intelligent men that the expense ot Governor Cuuy's
aimy will amount in scrip from two to fuui millions of dol-
lars. If Congress Mionld foot the bill, some Governor of
another Territory will make a bill of ten millions of dollars.
I do not know how the question will be considered. One
thing, however, is certain, that it is an example* which, if
countenanced by the United States Government, may,
when least expected,lead to no less embarrassing than dis-
astrous results.
I have the honor to be, with considerations of the high-
est respect, your obedient servant, JOHN E. WOOL.
Mr. STANTON. Now, sir, the fact that these
subordinates may have been guilty of the mal-
practices described by General Wool, furnishes
no reason why the current expenses of the Gov-
ernment should not be paid, and why a deficiency
should not be appropriated, provided the Presi-
dent has done all in his power to prevent the
recurrence of such acts, and has taken all the
natural, proper, and ordinary steps to remove
from office those who abuse fhe powers vested in
them. If the President is of opinion that Gen-
eral Wool is wron^, he ought to leave.
.Upon this principle, I have no hesitation, no
difficulty, no doubt in my mind, about rejecting
this appropriation until we have further informa-
tion, an4 until the President exhibits a purpose,
in good faith, to see all the laws faithfully and
honestly executed.
With regard, sir, to the appropriation for the
water-works, that the Senate made a sine quanon.
We must yield that, or the Senate will disagree
under any circumstances; and now it is for this
House to determine whether they intend to carry
on and complete that work. It is placed upon
that ground distinctly. It was said to them: We
do not make any question about the appropriation
for the water-works being in a deficiency bill—
that is not the point. But the point is, that it is
not an obligation resting on the Government to
supply the citizens of Washington with water.
The public necessities do not require such a sup-
ply as is here provided for. It is an expenditure
which, in every sense in which it can he viewed,
is extravagant and profligate; and it is better for
us to sink what has been already expended in it,
than to make any further approprition, or carry
on the work any further. That is our position.
Now, Mr. Speaker, on this ground, I shall vote
for the motion to adhere; and it seems to mC that
if this House is to occupy any position, to obtain
any regard, to be considered as an clement in any
department of the Government, to bo consulted
about anything, it must sustain and preserve its
dignity by adhering in this case to its disagree-
ment to the Senate amendment.
Mr. McMULLIN. I regret, Mr. Speaker,
that it was my misfortune to have been placed
upon this committee of conference. If I under-
stood the jematks of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. i I. Marshall,] he is rather inclined
to question whether it was right and proper for
the Speaker to have appointed a committee of
conference in such a way as to insure its adhering
to the disagreements of the House. Now, sir, I
am not here to defend the Speaker of this House,
unless so far as I think the Speaker has acted cor-
rectly. It is the invariable practice of all legisla-
tive bodies, where the two Houses differ in refer-
ence to any question, for the Speaker of each
House to appoint a committee in support of the
measures adopted by their respective Houses. I
am free to admit that the Speaker has, in this
case, made a rather bad selection. I think the
discussion this morning will satisfy the House
most conclusively that, m the choice of my wor-
thy friend from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] as well as
of myself, he has made an unfortunate selection.
Sir, I desire to notice the subjects of this diffi-
culty, for the information of the gentleman from
Geoigia, [Mr.Cobb,] and of the House generally,
if it be proper to do so; and, as the gentleman
from Ohio has been indulged, I hope that I too
shall be indulged. One of the first and greatest
questions of difficulty between the committees of
the two Houses was in reference to the appro-
priation for the water-works. The committee of
conference agreed upon every question of diffi-
culty between the two Houses, save and except
three—the first of which was the appropriation
for the water-works. Each of the committees
adhered to the action of their respective Houses,
in regard to this, with an unusual degree of per-
tmaeit3r and with great unanimity. 1 am aware
that it is notparhamentary to allude here publicly
to what transpired in the committee room; but as
this is a very important question, I hopcl shall
not be confined strictly to the rules of order. I
am very much inclined to the opinion that, if the
committee of the House had consented to give
way on the water-works appropriation, the Senate
committee would have given way on the Army
appropriation.
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to the appropriation for
the water-works. I am not disposed to consume
the time of the House in discussing the merits or
demerits of the question here. But, sir, acting as
I am now acting, not only as a member of the
House, but as a member of the committee of con-
ference, I must say something in regard to it. I
have been informed by gentlemen of high char-
acter and reputation, that the Government can
have the city supplied with water for $1,000,000,
free of expense for all time to come. I am not
willing, either as a member of the House or of
the committee of conference, to involve this
Government in an expenditure which, according
to the statistics as shown by your officers, will
amount to $2,500,000, but which will, 1 main-
tain, reach $3,000,000. What it will cost the
Government afterwards for maintaining the work,
no human being can tell. My experience has
shown me this—that whenever we come to con-
struct great works of an internal improvement
character like this, whether by State or National
Governments, they cost twenty-five or thirty per
cent, more than when they are constructed by
individual enterprise. My experience also teaches
me that after these works have been constructed,
their maintenance costs the Government twenty
per cent, more than it would a private company.
My friend beside me says it costs forty per cent,
more. And I submit this question to the House,
and especially to my friends on this side of the
House : Are you prepared, with such informa-
tion, to vote this appropriaton?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I submit to my
colleague whether it is fair for him to go into an
argument of this matter out of order? Unless it
is to be expected that a reply is to be made, I
submit to hun that his argument is not fair.
Mr. McMULLIN. My colleague knows that
I am incapable of withholding any courtesy from
him. My friend from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] asked
for information; and I am going togive both sides.
Mr. COBB. My opinion is, that the debate is
perfectly legitimate on every question involved in
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Mr. McMULLIN. I think so too.
Mr. COBB. The questions embraced in the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses are unques-
tionably, on the question to adhere, debatable.
The SPEAKER. It is competent to debate
those subjects that are at issue between the two
Houses.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire, then, to submit
a few facts to the House. If it be true, as has
been stated to me in the presence of gentlemen
on this floor, that you can get a company—a
solvent, bona fide company—that will supply the
Government with water for $1,000,000, and defray
the expenses of maintaining the works for all time
to come, I ask my friend on what principle of
justice is it that you will construct this work at a
cost of from $2,500,000 to $3,000,000, and then
incur the expense of keeping the work in oi*der
thereafter, when this company offer to bind them-
selves to perform it for $1,000,000, and to furnish
the citizens of Georgetown and Washington with
water upon terms as equitable as those on which
the citizens of Philadelphia, New York, and
Boston, arc .now supplied ? Sir, I want the citi-
zens of Washington to have a full and sufficient
supply of water. I desire to see this capital
beautified, and adorned, and decoratcd, so as to
reflect honor upon this great country and Gov-
ernment; but when I am called upon, as a Rep-
resentative of Virginia, to put my hand in the
Treasury, and into the pockets of those who send
me here, and to expend money unnecessarily,
then I say that I must be excused. However, it
is not my purpose to discuss the merits or de-
merits of the water-works.
Now, the gentleman from Ohio—and on this
subjcct I desire to have the attention of the House
a moment—has taken up the item for the support
of the Army. I was willing—and I so voted in
the committee—that the House should recede
| from its disagreement to the Senate amendment;
! and I am surprised and mortified that the gentle-
j man from Ohio has^this morning, attempted to
i present an ex parte statement, by which injustice
! of the grossest character is sought to be done to
your Government officers or to the Administra-
tion. I am surprised and mortified, sir, at the
1 partisan course pursued by the gentleman from
! Ohio; and I will show you and that member,
I before I am done, that he has withheld informa-
j tion from, and done injustice to, the House, by
! presenting to it ex parte testimony.
