410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Hickman,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell,
Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, McMulim, Meaueen, MUlson, Mor-
decai Oliver, Orr, amtman, Heady, Ricaud, Riveis, Ruffin,
Savage, Seward, Shorter, William Smith, Stephens, Stew-
art, Taylor, Thurston, Trippe, Underwood, Valk, Walker,
Watkins, Williams, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, JohnV.
Wright, and ZolUcoffei.
For Mr. Follett—Messrs. Allison, Benson, Bliss, Buffin-
ton, James H. Campbell, Covode, Cragm, Dean, Dick,
Dickson, Dodd, Flagler, Galloway, Granger, Thoinab R.
Horton, Howard, Huffhston, Kelsey, Knowlton, Knapp,
Letter, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Perry, Pike, Pnngle,
Simmons, Tappan, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Elhhu B.
Wasliburne, Watson, and Woodworth.
For Mr. Defrces—Messrs. Barbour, Brenton, Lewis D.
Campbell, Colfax, Cumback, Dunn, Harrison, Haven, Hol-
ioway, Humphrey Marshall, Scott, and Tlionngton.
For Mr. Coombs—Messrs. Albright, Bingham, Giddings,
Harlan, Ritchie, Sabm, Sapp, Sherman, and Stanton.
For Mr. Sergeant—Messrs. Bradshavv, (Joimns, Damrell,
Etheridge, Kilhan MiUcr, Robison, Todd, and Tyson.
For Mr. Farnham—Messrs. Broom, Carliie, Cullen, Mill-
war 4, Puryear, Reade, William R. Smith, and Swope.
For Mr. Webb--Messrs. Burhngame, Meacham, Strana-
han, Israel Washburn, and Wakeman.
For Mr. Morris—Messrs. Bishop, Clawson, Pennington,
and Robbing.
For Mr. Banks—Mes&rh. John P. Campbell and Powell.
For Mr. Mcintosh—Messrs. Knox and Norton.
For Mr. Knapp—Mr. Porter.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. NICHOLS said that' his colleague, Mr.
Day, having been called home in consequence of
sickness in his family, had paired off with Mr.
Denver.
Mr. McCARTY stated that lie had paired off
for one week with Mr. Hoffman.
Mr. SAGE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Herbert.
Here a message was received from the Senate,
by Asbxjry Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body had passed "An
act (S. No. 80) amendatory of an act, entitled
* An act to regulate the fees and costs to be allowed
clcrks, marshals, and attorneys of the circuit and
district courts of the United States, and for other
purposes,' " and asking its concurrence therein.
Mr. STANTON. I ask leave to introduce a
resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I insist that the call of
the roll be proceeded with; and I make objection,
though I do not know the character of the gen-
tleman's resolution.
Mr. STANTON. If the resolution be read, I
am sure that the gentleman from North Carolina
will agree to its adoption.
Tlie SPEAKER. The resolution will be read
for information.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resofacd, That tbo iurther execution of the oider lor the
election of printei be postponed until the first Monday of
December next; and that tlie printing that may be ordered
by the Uouee durmg the present setwion of Congress ahall
be done, under the superintendence of the Printing Com-
mittee of tins House, by the lowest responsible bidder.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object; it is unnecessary
to give the reasons for the objection.
'lhe SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the resolution is not in order, as it provides for
the election of public printer in a mode unrecog-
nized, and, indeed, in contradiction to the pro-
visions in the rules of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
hope that in the call of the roll the Clerk will con-
form to the usual practice, and call each member
by his name, without the prefix of Mr. [Laugh-
ter.]
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce the
eleventh time for printer, with the following result:
Whole number of votes cast, 160; necessary to a
choicc, 81; of which—
Cornelius Wendell received 91
Oran Follett   
John D. Defrees....  Jo
Nathan Sergeant  8
Joseph J. Coombs  8
J. Watson Webb  7
Robert Farnham  3
George D. Prentice  1
G. Knapp  J
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr. Wendell—Me*-rs. Aikon, .Alien, Barksdale, Bell,
Hendfey S. Bennett, Bishop, JBoeock, Bowie, Iioyce,
Bianch, Biook-s, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Caruihers,
Bayard ('lark, Chngman, Williamson R W Cobb, Cox,
Craige, Crawford, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmundson, Ed-
wards, Elliott, English, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner. Florence,
Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augus-
tus Hall, J. Monison Ilams, Sampson W. Han ts, Thomas
L. Harris, Hickman, Houston, Bughston, Jevvett, George
W. Jones, Kidwell, Lake,Letcher,"Lumpkin, Mace, Alex-
ander IC. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, McMulhn, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Milison, MiJhvard, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Pennington, Porter, Powell,
Paryear, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, Robbins, Ruffin,
Rust, Savage, Seward, Shoi ter, William Smith, William
R. Smith, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Tayloi, Thuiston,
Tiippe, Tyson, Underwood, Valk, Walker, Watkins, Wil-
liams, Window, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and
Zollicolfer. ° '
For Mr. Follett—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Benson,
Bliss, Buffinton, Cragin, Dean, Dickson, Flagler, Gal-
loway, Granger, Grow, Kelsey, Knowlton,Leiter,Morgan,
Mott, Murray, Perry, Pike, Pringle, Walbndge, Waldron,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Watson.
For Mr. Defrees—Messrs. Barbour, Brenton, Lewis D.
Campbell, Colfax, Cumback,Dunn, Harrison, Haven, Hoi-
loway, Howard, Knox, Humphrey Marshall, Paiker, Scott,
and Thorington,
For Mr. Coombs—Messrs. Bingham, Harlan, Ritchie,
Sabin, Sapp, Sherman, Stanton, and Wade.
For Mr. Serjeant—Messrs. Jamesfl.Campbell,Comins,
Covode., Cullen, Dick, Kilhan Miller, Roberts, and Itobi-
son.
For Mr. Webb—Messrs. Burlingame, Dodd, Robert B.
Hall, Meacham, Mornll, Stranahan, and Wakeman.
For Mr. Farnham—Messrs. Broom, Garble, and Henry
Winter Davis.
For Mr. Prentice—Mr. Etheridge.
For Mr. Knapp—Mr. Lindlcy.
Pending the above call,
Mr. PURYEAR said: Mr. Speaker, advised
that the change of my vote may possibly secure
the election of public printer, I now, in order
that such a result may be reached, and the public
business progressed with, throw my vote for Mr.
Cornelius Wendell.
The SPEAKER then declared Mr. Cornelius
Wendell public printer for the House of Repre-
sentatives for the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
This announcement was greeted with applause
from the galleries.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope that there will be a
stop put to this applause in the galleries; we have
had too much of it during this session.
ADDITIONAL OFFICERS FOR THE HOUSE.
Mr. MACE. I submit the following resolu-
tion, which I ask may be read for information:
Resolved, That the Doorkeeper of this House be, and he
hereby is, authorized and directed to appoint the following
additional otficeis for this House:
One additional clerk lor l'olding-roo. s: salary $'1,900 per
annum.
Two additional public folders, at 50 per day.
Two additional messengers for lathes' malleiy ; two addi-
tional me>sengers for gentlemen's gallery; and twelve addi-
tional pages.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call upon the States for resolutions.
If there be no objection the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Indiana will be received.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. ] do not
see any earthly reason for the adoption of any
such resolution. There are but two doors to the
ladies' gallery, and one gentleman at each is
enough, every member will admit.
Mr. MACE. Is not the resolution a privileged
one, inasmuch as it pertains to the organization
of the House?
Mr. HOUSTON. It has nothing to do with
the organization of the House.
The SPEAKER. It is hardly a privileged
question; it does not relate to officers provided
for under any law*. It can, therefore, only be
introduced by unanimous consent. Is there ob-
jection *
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes; I object.
GRANT OF LAND TO ALABAMA.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I ask leave to intro-
duce a bill granting to the State of Alabama
public lands in alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of the Coosa and Tennessee railroad,
and for other purposes, of which I have given
previous notice.
Mr. PERRY. I object.
PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions are in order from
the State of Maine.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask leave
to introduce a bill.
Objection was made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We have but one
committee, and thatis the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and I hope, therefore,
that the House will now take up the President's
annual message, in order that it may be referred
to that committee.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES. So I suppose.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman's motion will be entertained.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 object.
Mr. JONES. What does the gentleman from
Maine propose shall be done with the message?
CHAPLAINCY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I wish to call
the attention of the House to the fact that the
organization of the House has not yet been fully
completed: we have not elected a Chaplain for
the present Congress. If it be in order, I move
that the House do now proceed to the election of
Chaplain for this House.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. As the reference of
the President's annual message to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union has been
objected to, and as no committees"have been an-
nounced, to which any business can be sent for
action, I move that this House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN. I hope thatwe will elect
a Chaplain previous to the adjournment.
Mr. JONES. We ought to be enabled to get
along; there are plenty of them in our midst.
[Laughter.]
The question was put on the motion to adjourn;
and there were, on a division, ayes 42 
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand tellers on the
motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Sapp were appointed.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. As the majority of
the House seem to be indisposed to adjourn, I
withdraw the motion.
Mr. DOWDELL. Is the motion for the elec-
tion of Chaplain now up for consideration?
The SPEAKER. The resolution is not before
the House, but the gentleman from Maine is en-
titled to the lloor.
Mr. BENSON. Maine is called for resolu-
tions, and under that call I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, Thatthe Supenntendent of the Public Printing
be directed to deliver to the Commissioner of Patents, two
painting? of short-horned cattlc, accompanying the Agri-
cultural Repoit lor 3854, for the use of the Patent Office.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move abso-
lution that the House do now proceed to the
election of Chaplain for the House of Represent-
atives for the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. It relates to the organiza-
tion of the House, and is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the election of Chaplain
provided for as a part of the organization of the
House?
The SPEAKER. It is so far conformable to
the rules of the House, that the Chair thinks it
is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman objects to
the printing and reference of the President's
message, and, if it is not in order, I object to the
motion which he makes.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the resolution to elect a Chaplain is in order.
Mr. DOWDELL. Do I understand that the
gentleman from Maine has called the previous
question oil his resolution?
Mr. WASHBURN. Yes.
Mr. DOWDELL. I should desire to offer as
a substitute the resolutions which I offered, and
which were adopted before the organization of
the House. I desire to continue the alternating
system in preference to the election of a Chap-
lain.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
calls the previous question on his resolution.
Mr. DOWDELL. I ask, then, that my resolu-
tions may be read, so that the House may under-
stand them. 1 will offer them as a substitute, if
the previous question be not sustained by the
House.
The Clerk read the resolutions as follows:
Whcieas the people of these United States, fiom their
earluM hiatoiy to the present time, have been led by the
hand of a kind Providence, and are indebted for the count-
less blessings of the past and present, and dependent for
continued prosperitym the tuturc upon Almighty God; and
whereas the great vital and conservative element m our
system is the belief of our people in the pure doctrines and
divine tuubh of the Gospel of Jesus Chiist, it eminently he-
comes the Representative* of a people so highly favored to
acknowledge m the most public manner then reverence
for God: Therefore,
3. Resolved, That the daily sessions of this body be opened
with prayer.
2. Resolved, That the ministers of the Gospel in this city
are hereby requested to attend and alternately pertorm this
solemn duty.
