1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
411
Mr. DOWDELL. It is true that the resolu-
tions, leaving out the preamble, would accomplish
the object desired, in substituting for the chap-
laincy a system of alternation, in my opinion,
far more preferable, as it makes no discrimination
whatever between the different denominations of
Christians in this country; but as the preamble
indorses a good truth, I prefer to let it remain.
Mr. SEWARD. I want to know if it is in
order to separate the resolutions from the pre-
amble, and raise a committee of jDreachers to con-
sider that preamble?
The SPEAKER. The resolutions of the gen-
tleman from Alabama are not now in order, as
the previous question has been demanded by the
gentleman from Maine.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know of the
Speaker whether, if a motion were submitted and
carried to postpone the consideration of the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Maine to a day
certain, the resolutions of the gentleman from
Alabama, adopted before the organization of the
House, would not remain still in force ?
The SPEAKER. A motion to postpone is not
in order at this time, inasmuch as there has been
a call for the previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I move to lay the res-
olution of the gentleman from Maine on the table;
and on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise for the pur-
pose of appealing to my friend, with whom I
expect and intend to vote, to withdraw his motion
to lay on the table, and let us take a direct vote
on the adoption of the resolution. I am satisfied
that wo cannot lay it on the table, but I want to
record my vote against it, believing that it is a
burlesque on the Christian religion to have this
wild hunt after the chaplaincy of the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I appeal to the gentleman
from Maine 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Maine to withdraw the call for the
previous question.
Mr. M1LLSON. I call my colleague to order.
The previous question has been demanded.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will the gentleman from
Maine withdraw the call for the previous question?
Mr. WASHBURN. For what purpose ?
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to say a few words
on the subject.
Mr. WASHBURN. If the gentleman has
no amendment to offer, and will renew the call
for the previous question, I will withdraw it.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to oiler an amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then I cannot withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will move, as an amend-
ment to the resolution of the gentleman from
Maine 
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
Mr. McMULLIN. I withdraw the motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Maine
demanded the previous question.
Mr. McMULLIN. He withdrew it to afford
me an opportunity to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Maine to refuse to withdraw the
call for the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire if this
resolution will not go over under the rule, if the
demand for the previous question be withdrawn
and debate arise under it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the resolution will go over under the rules of
the House, if jt give rise to debate.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. BRANCH. I rise to a point of order.
The 25th rule of this House reads as follows:
"Reports from committees having been presented and
disposed of, the Speaker 5-hall call for resolutions from
members ol' each State and of each Temtoiy, beginning
with Maine. &e : they shall not be debated on the very day
of then bung presented.''
Nov, I want to ask the Speaker whether, by
calling the previous question, or moving to lay
upon the table, or by any other mode, debate under
that rule can thus' be cut off, and prevent the
proper execution of that rule?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands it to
have been the practice of the House to admit the
previous question on the day on which the resolu-
tion is offered.
Mr. McMULLIN. If objection be made to the
resolution, docs it not necessarily go over?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
Chair is of opinion that the call for the previous
question is in order.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. I notice that the resolution
provides for the election of a Chaplain for the
present session only. Is it not usual to elect a
Chaplain for the whole Congress?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That was never
done until the last Congress. It is usual to elect
for the session only.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. SMITH,of Virginia. Ami to understand
that, if this resolution is voted down, the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr Dow-
dell] will come up? If so, let us vote down this
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
this resolution is introduced under a call of the
States for resolutions; therefore, the gentleman
from Alabama will not be entitled to the floor to
introduce his resolution until the State of Ala-
bama is called in order.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I .wish to say that I
shall vote against this resolution, in order that I
may have an opportunity to vote for the propo-
sition of the gentleman over the way.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the resolution; and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 101, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Barbour, Ben-
son, Bilhnyhuii-t, Bingham, Boeoek, Biacli-haw, Bienfnj,
Broom, Ruflmtuu, Buihnsjame. James II. Campbell, John
P Campbell, Leww L>. Cnmpbell, Cathie, Colfav, Comiw*,
Covode, Cox, Cragm, Cullen, Cumbaek, D.irmell, Jlemy
Wmtoi Duus, Dean, Dick, Diek-on, Dodd, Dunn, Ed-
mundson, EdwauU, Ethoudge, Kvans, Faulkner, Florence,
Foster, Guiding'*, Gilbert, Goode, Granger, Greenwood,
Robert 1?. llall, Harlan, Uamson, Haven, Thomas It. llor-
ton, Ilowaul. Hugh-ton, Jewett, Kidwell, King. Knupp,
Knowlton, Kno.x, Leitei, Mace, Alexander K. Mai^hall,
Humphrey Maisdiull, iMatteson, Meaeh.un, Kilhan Miller,
Millson, IVIilhvard, Morgan, Morrill, Norton, Andrew Oli-
ver, Patker, Perry, Pike, Potter, Powell, Puryear, Reade,
Ready, Ricaud, Rivers, llobeits, Sabin, Sapp, William It.
Smith, Stanton, Stephens, Stranahan, Tappan, Tyson,
Valk, Wade, Wakeman. Wajbridge, Waldron, Elhhu B.
Washbunie, Isiael Washburn, Watkms, Welch, Window,
Woodruff, Woodworth. and Zolheoiicr—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Baik'dale, Ilendiey S. Bennett,
Bi?>hop, BIKs, Boyce, Ihooks, Burnett, Bayard dark,
Clawson, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Craigo, Crawford,
Davidson, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Elliott. Eu tis, Flagler,
Thomas J. D. Fuller. Giow, Sampson W.' Han is, Thomas
L. Hams, IIou-'ton,Geoigo W. Jones, Kclsev, Lake, Letch-
er, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Man-hall, MeMulhn, McQueen.
Smith flhller, xMott, Nichols, Moideeai Oliver, Pennington,
Piui;;le, Quitman, ltobbins Rutun, Rust, Savasre, Scott,
Se\va<d, Sherman, Shortei, Willum Smith. Stewait, Tay-
lor, Thormston, Thuiston, Trippr, Wati-on, Williams,
Daniel B. Wright, and John V. VVnght—58,
So the resolution was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. ENGLISH said: I desire to state that, be-
fore this question was presented to the House, I
agreed with the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Gal-
loway, to pair off with him upon all questions
for one hour. That time not having expired, and
Mr. Galloway being absent from the Hall, I do
not feel at liberty to vote.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Maxwell
left the city yesterday morning for home. He
requested me to state to the House that he had
paired off for this week with Mr. Gilbert, and
jj for two weeks from Monday next, with Mr.
!J Prlvgle.
!| Mr. ELLIOTT. I shall vote against this res-
' | olution, in order that 1 may have an opportunity
!l to vote for the resolution of the gentleman from
'I Alabama, [Mr. Dowdell.]
i! Mr. CLARK, of New York. I shall vote
against this resolution, for the reason stated by
the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
reconsider the vote just taken; and also to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. PRINGLE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. With the leave of the House,
before the question on the adjournment is taken,
the Chair will announce the standing committees.
No objection being made,
The SPEAKER, in pursuance of the order of
the House, made on Thursday last, announced
the following standing committees:
Committee on Elections—Israel Washburn of
Maine, Alexander H. Stephens of Georgia*
Cooper K. Watson of Ohio, Francis E. Spinner
of New York, Mordecai Oliver of Missouri, John
Hickman of Pennsylvania, Schuyler Colfax of
Indiana, William R. Smith of Alabama, and
John A. Bingham of Ohio.
Of Ways and Means—Lewis D. Campbell of
Ohio, William A. Howard of Michigan, Howell
Cobb of Georgia, George W.Jones of Tennessee,
Henry Winter Davis of Maryland, Russell Sage
of New York, John S. Phelps of Missouri, James
H. Campbell of Pennsylvania, and Alexander De
Witt of Massachusetts.
On Claims—Joshua R. Giddings of Ohio, John
Letcher of Virginia, James Bishop of New Jer-
sey, J. Glancy Jones of Pennsylvania, George
G. Dunn of Indiana, Ebenezer Knowlton of
Maine, Miles Taylor of Louisiana, William A.
Gilbert of New York, and Samuel S. Marshall
of Illinois.
On Commerce—Ellihu B. Washburne of Illinois,
Edward Wade of Ohio, John S. Million of Vir-
ginia, John McQueen of South Carolina, Job R.
Tyson of Pennsylvania, Luther M. Kennett of
Missouri, Guy R. Pelton of New York, Linus
B. Comins of Massachusetts, and George Eustia
of Louisiana.
On Public Lands—Henry Bennett of New York,
Aaron Harlan of Ohio, Williamson R. W. Cobb
of Alabama, James J. Lindley of Missouri, Elisha
D. Cullen of Delaware, David S. Walbridge of .
Michigan, Samuel Brenton of Indiana, Augustus
E. Maxwell of Florida, and James Thorington
of Iowa.
On Ihe Post Office and Post Roads—Daniel Mace
of Indiana, Jesse 0. Norton of Illinois, Thomas
T. Flagler of New York, David Barclay of Penn-
sylvania, Timothy C. Day of Ohio, Paulus Powell
of Virginia, Percy Walker of Alabama, John M.
Wood of Maine, and Philip T. Herbert of Cali-
fornia.
On the District of Columbia—James Meacham
of Vermont, Edward Dodd of New Yoik, Wil-
liam O. Goode of Virginia, William Cumbaek
of Indiana, John Dick of Pennsylvania, J. Mor-
rison Harris of Maryland, Hendlcy S. Bennett
of Mississippi, Mark Trafton of Massachusetts,
and Peter Ii. Bell of Texas.
On the Judiciary—George A. Simmons of New
York, Humphrey Marshall of Kentucky, Lucian
Barbour of Indiana, John S. Caskie of Virginia,
Samuel Galloway of Ohio, Sampson W. Harris
of Alabama, William A. Lake of Mississippi,
Abraham Wakeman of New York, and Mason
W. Tappan of New Hampshire.
On Revolutionary Claims — David Ritchie of
Pennsylvania, Ambrose S. Murray of New York,
William Smith of Virginia, William H.English
of Indiana, Thomas J. D. Fuller of Maine, James
C. Allien of Illinois, Isaiah D. Clawson of New
Jersey, Aaron H. Cragin of New Hampshire,
and J. Reece Emne of Ohio.
On Public Expenditures—Sidney Dean of Con-
necticut, John Covode of Pennsylvania, John
Kelly^f New York, Richard Mott of Ohio, John
J. Poorce of Pennsylvania, George Vail of New
Jersey, John M. Elliott of Kentucky, Henry
Waldron of Michigan, and Lawrence O'B. Branch
of North Carolina.
On Private Land Claims — Gilchrist Porter of
Missouri, Valentine B. Horton of Ohio, James
Thorington of Iowa, Emerson Ethcridge of Ten-
nessee, Thomas F. Bowie of Maryland, John M.
Sandidge of Louisiana, Philip T. Herbert of Cal-
ifornia, David F. Robison of Pennsylvania, and
Thomas R. Horton of New York.
On Manufactures—Ezra Clark of Connecticut,
Jonathan Knight of Pennsylvania, Martin J.
Crawford of Georgia, Philemon Bliss of Ohio,
Nathaniel B. Durfee of Rhode Island, Francis S.
Edwards of New York, James F. Dowdell of
Alabama, John P. Campbell of Kentucky, and
James B. Ricaud of Maryland.
On Agriculture — David P. Holloway of Indi-
ana, Charles Ready of Tennessee, Galusha A.
Grow of Pennsylvania, Peter H. Bell of Texas,
, Lewis D. Campbell of Ohio, Edwin B. Morgan
! ©f New York, Alvah Sabin of Vermont, ElishaD
