41%
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
CtfHen of Delaware, and Fayette MeMullin of
Virginia.
On Indian Jffairs—Benjamin Prmgle of New
York, James L. Orr of South Carolina, Charles
Billinghurst of Wisconsin, Alfred B. Greenwood
of Arkansas, Benjamin F. Leiter of Ohio, Robert
B. Hall of Massachusetts, Lemuel Todd of Penn-
sylvania,- Samuel Carathers of Missouri, and
Philip T. Herbert of California.
On Military Affairs—John A. €tuitman of Mis-
sissippi, John Allison of Pennsylvania, William
Jl. Sapp of Ohio, Charles J. Faulkner of Virginia,
John Williams of New York, Benjamin Stanton
of OJiio, James W. Denver of California, James
Buffinton of Massachusetts, and Cadwalader C.
Washburne of Wisconsin.
On the Militia—John C. Kunkel of Pennsvl-
vania, Thomas R. Whitney of New York, John
Soott Harrison of Ohio, Henry W. Hoffman of
Maryland, Nathaniel G. Foster of Georgia, John
M' Parker, of New York, Albert G. Watkms of
Tennessee, Daniel B. Wright of Mississippi, and
Robert B. Hall of Massachusetts.
Sjimu^l P. Benson of Maine,
James S. T. Stranahan of New York, Thomas
S. Bocock of Virginia, Solomon G. Haven of
New York, Warren Winsiow of North Carolina,
James S. Seward of Georgia, Timothy Davis of
Massachusetts, William W. Boyce of South
Carolina, and William Milhvard of Pennsylva-
nia.
On Foreign Jiff airs—Alexander C. M. Penning-
ton of New Jersey, Thomas H. Bayly of Vir-
ginia, Thomas L. Chngman of North Carolina,
William Aiken of South Carolina, Henry M.
Fuller of Pennsylvania, Orsamus 1>. Mattoson of
New York, Benjamin B. Thuiston of Rhode
Island, John Sherman of Ohio, and Anson Bur-
lingame of Massachusetts.
On Territories—Galuslia A. Grow of Pennsyl-
vania, Joshua R. Giddings of Ohio, Samuel A.
Purvianee of Pennsylvania, William A. Richard-
son of Illinois, George S. Houston of Alabama,
Amos P. Granger of New York, Felix: K. Zolli-
coffer of Tennessee, Justin S. Morrill of Vermont,
and John S. Perry of Maine.
On Revolutionary Pemions—Jacob Broom of
Pennsylvania, Charles J. Albright of Ohio,
Henry A. Edmundson of Virginia, Killuin Mil-
ler of Now York, Smith Miller of Indiana, Bur-
Ion Craige of North Carolina, Chauneey L.
Kimpp of Massachusetts, John Woodruff of
Connecticut, and Augustus Hall of Iowa.
On Invalid Pensions—Andrew Oliver of Now
York, James Pike of New Hampshire, Thomas
B. Florence of Pennsylvania, John H. Savage
of Tennessee, William W. Welch of Connec-
ticut, Albert G. Taibott of Kentucky, Samuel
Dickson of New York, John H, Lumpkin of
Georgia, and George R. Robbing of New Jer-
sey.
On Jloa(hand Canals—James Knox of Illinois,
Jonas A. Hughston of N'w York, Thomr«s
Ruffm of North Carolina, Hnrvey J). Scott of
Indiana, George W. Peck, of Michigan, Oscar
P. Moore of Ohio, William Barksdale of Mis-
sissippi, Samuel O. Bradshaw of Pennsylvania,
and Albert Rust of Arkansas.
On Patents—Edwin B. Morgan of New York,
Calvin C. Chaffee of Massachusetts, Samuel A.
Smith of Tennessee, Robert T. Paine of Noith
Carolina, and John R. Edie of Pennsylvania.
0)iPublic Buildings and Grounds—Edward Ball
of Ohio, Samuel Todd of Pennsylvania, Richard
C. Puryear of North Carolina, Lawrence M.
Keitt of South Carolina, and Anthony E. Rob-
erts of Pennsylvania.
On Rcvisal and Unfinishcd Business—A1 vah Sabin
of Vermont, Ebenczer Knowlton of Maine, Hi-
ram Warner of Georgia, Bayard Clark of New
York, and Eli S. Shorter of Alabama.
On Accounts—Benjamin B.Thurston of Rhode
Island, John Cadwalader of Pennsylvania, Mat-
thias S. Nichols of Ohio, James Bufiinton of
Massachusetts, and John S. Carlilc of Virginia.
On Mileage—William H. Sneed of Tennessee,
Preston S. Brooks of South Carolina, William
H. Kelscy of New York, Lemuel D. Evans of
Texas, and J unit's H. Woodworth of Illinois.
On JEngraving—William Ii. Kclsey of New
York, William S. Damrell of Massachusetts, and
John V. Wright of Tennessee.
On Expenditures in the State Department—Pres-
ton S. Brooks of South Carolina, Samuel A.
Smith of Tennessee, Asa Packer of Pennsylvania,
Rufus H. King of New York, and William S.
Damrell of Massachusetts.
On Expenditures in the Treasury Department—
Henry Waldron of Michigan, Daniel Wells of
Wisconsin, Alexander K. Marshall of Ken-
tucky, Zedekiah Kidwell of Virginia, Isaiah D.
Clawson of New Jersey.
On Expenditures in the War Department—Aaron
H. Cragin of New York, William "VV. Valk of
New York, Joshua H. Jewett of Kentucky,
Thomas Rivers of Tennessee, and John Covode
of Pennsylvania.
On Expenditures in the Navy Department—
Thomas L. Harris of Illinois, John Wheeler of
New York, Cadwalader C. Washburne of Wis-
consin, Warner L. Underwood of Kentucky, and
John V. Wright of Tennessee.
On Expenditures in the Post Office Department—
John M. Pettit of Indiana, Leander M. Cox of
Kentucky, John Williams of New York, Henry
C.Burnett of Kentucky, and EdwmG. Reade of
North Carolina.
On Expenditures on the Public Buildings—Fay-
ette MeMullin of Virginia, Andrew Z. McCarty
of New York, James A. Stewart of Maryland,
Samuel F. Swope of Kentucky, and Robert P.
Trippe of Georgia.
Joint Committee on the Library—William Aiken
of South Carolina, Job R. Tyson of Pennsyl-
i vania, and John U. Pettit of Indiana.
Joint Committee on Printing—Matthias H. Nich-
ols of Ohio, Aaron H. Cragin of New Hampshire,
and Thomas T. Flagler of New York.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills—James Pike
of New Hampshire, and ThomasG. Davidson of
Louisiana.
| Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. During the entire
1 course of my legislative services, both here and
j in the State where I live, I have never, directly or
! indirectly, intimated to the appointing power any
I position which I desired upon a committee. I
nave acquiesced in the position assigned to me,
and have endeavored to discharge the duties of
such position as best I could. For the last six
years I have occupied a position similar to the
one dow resigned me on the Committee of Ways
and Means. The labors of thai committee are
very severe, and require a great deal of attention
from its members if they discharge their duties.
1 think, sir, that, for the last two or three years,
I have been worn down, partly, perhaps, my
labors on that committee; and I must now—being
I indisposed to incur the same labor and the same
amount of application at this Congress—throw
| myself on the indulgence of the House for the
j first time in my life, and ask the House to relieve
; me from service on the Committee of Ways and
i Means.
j There being no objection, Mr. Jones was ex-
| eused from serving on the Committee of Ways
and Menns.
ENGRAVING FOR THE HOUSE.
Mr. GROW. I wish to make a motion that
all engraving for this House bo under the direc-
tion nf the Committee on Printing. The reason
why I make this motion I will state in a few
words. During the last Congress, the agricultu-
ral report and the report of Herndon, Marcy, and
others were ddaycu for five or six mouths, on
account of the fact that the Committee on En-
graving and the Committee on Printing did not
cooperate. As the latter committee has charge
of the printing and binding of all documents, it
would, in my judgment, expedite business, if the
engraving were also placed in charge of the Joint
Committee on Printing of the two Houses. The
Senate has made such an order, i therefore
make the motion that all engraving shall be under
the direction of the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will please Bend up his resolution in
writing.
The immediate business before the House is
the election of Chaplain. Nominations are in
order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. GrowJ to be adopted ?
The SPEAKER. It has not been adopted.
The Chair required the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to put ii in writing.
NOMINATIONS TO THE CHAPLAINCY.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I beg leave to propose the
name of the Rev. Byron Sunderland as candidate
for the chaplaincy of the House.
Mr. TYSON. I nominate the Rev. Robert
Dashal Morris, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. AIKEN. I nominate the Rev. David S.
Doggett.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to place in
nomination Elder Robert C. Leachman, of Prince
William county, Virginia. He is a Hard-Shell
Baptist in religion, and a Democrat in politics;
and I entirely accord with him both in his religious
and political views. [Laughter.]
Mr. DEAN. I nominate Rev."WilliamPatton.
Mr. CULLEN. I nominate for the chaplaincy
of this House, Rev. A. J. Caruthers, of the city
of Washington.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I nominate Rev. Wil-
liam Hodge.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I nominate Rev. Mr.
Conway, of this city.
Mr. ALLISON. I nominate Rev. Thomas H.
Stockton.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I nominate Rev.
Thomas Fisher, of Kentucky. He is a Baptist
clergyman, but I do not know what are his pol-
itics. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHORTER. I nominate Rev. William
Mosely.
Mr. BROOKS. I respectfully nominate Mark
Trafton, a member of this House.
Mr. GRANGER. I propose as a candidate
for the chaplaincy of the House, Rev. Daniel
Waldo, of Nov/ York, an old revolutionary
soldier. Mr. Waldo is now ninety-four years
old, and has been a clergyman of the Congre-
gational church for more than seventy years,
without spot or blemish. He is attentive to his
duty, and well gifted in his profession. [Cries of
" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
Mr. GRANGER. He was taken by the British
on York Island. [Loud cries of " Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope the gentleman
from New York will be allowed to go on with
j his history.
Several Members objected.
Mr. KENNETT. I nominate Rev. Mr. Cum-
mins.
Mr. HALL, of Massachusetts. I nominate
Rev. J. G. Butler.
Mr. MoMULLIN. I nominate Rev. William
G. Baldwin.
Mr. VALK. I nominate Rev. French S.
Evans.
Mr. BRANCH. As the nominations arc now
all in, for the purpose of giving members an op-
portunity to canvass, and be canvassed with, I
move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. T hope, before
the House adjourns, the list of nominations will
be read.
Mr. BRANCH. I will give way for that pur-
pose.
Mr. GROW. I hope I shall now have general
consent to bring up the resolution which I indi-
cated some time since.
Mr. TAPPAN and others objected.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. LAKE. Befoic the question is put upon
the motion to adjourn, I ask unanimous consent
to allow mo to withdraw from the files of the
House the petition andpapers in the case of John
Crawford.
Mr. LETCHER. What is to be done with
them ?
Mr. LAKE. I will state, for the information
of the House, that 
Mr. BRANCH. I object to any stofuimnt,
and to everything except the motion to adjourn;
and I demand tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Ba&ksdale
and Valk appointed.
The question was taken; and the. tellers re-
ported—ayes 66, noes 56.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at three o'clock) the House adjourned until to-
morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
