1866-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2013
now and furever. Mr. Fillmore had no right to
say this. He was not called to bear his share in
that battle. He clu^ses to pronounce sentence
of condemnai ion on me, who have shed more
drops of sweat for him than he ever did for him-
self; he charges me as one of the authors of the
evils which now afflict the country. It is unjust;
it is cruel; it is ungenerous. But, sir, I am held
up to the Clay doctrine. I wish everybody could
stand by it as firmly as I do. I maintain the
doctrine of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, that Con-
gress has no power over the subject of slavery in
the Territories, or in the District of Columbia, or
anywhere else. What did Mr. Clay think about
it? He sleeps the long, last, quiet sleep of repose,
in his own beloved State; but yet his burning
words live to speak for him. What does he
gay?
" 1 deny that the General Government has any authority
whatever from the Constitution to abolish what u called
the slave trade, or, in other woids, to prohibit tlie icmoval
of slaves I'tom one t-Iave State to another slave Statu." * *
" No power whatever was gianted to the General Gov-
ernment in lespect to domestic slavery, but that which
relates to taxation and representation, and the power to
restoie fugitive slaves to their lawful owners.5'—Mr. Clay's
Speech oj Fcbi uary 7,1&J9.
Let the voice of the sage of Ashland rise and rest
upon the hearts of those who constantly invoke b is
name. He says the Constitution gives no power
over the subject of slavery except upon the three
isolated points to which he alludes. Then he says
Congress has no power to prohibit slavery in the
Territories. Now,if you are the friends of Henry
Clay, and his words have any force and meaning
with you, stand by them, or else in shame forever
seek not to invoke bis name.
Mr. President, I have gone through with these
pretermissions, and I come now to another ques-
tion; and, as it is personal to myself, I regret
exceedingly to trouble the Senate with it—I mean
personal so far as my own relations are concerned.
The question is constantly propounded to me,
why 1 cannot support the American party? I
have given some reasons; but I would like to ask
the question, why 1 should do so? I have often
answered my friends in that way. When you
ask me why I cannot support Mr. Fillmore and
the American party, I ask you why I should do
it. What claims have they on me as a Whig?
You tell me you are still Whigs. You have
abandoned that party and gone into a new organ-
ization ?
There is not only no reason why I should sup-
poit you, but there is an insuperable objection to
my doing so, when i find that m your own dec-
laration of principles you say:
" The, Aiifiieaii paily haviuu ;u Wen upon the rums and
in spite of the opposition or the Wing ;ind DeuiornUie par-
ties, "annot he held in any maunei le^pon-ihle lor the ob-
noxious acts and violated pledges of either."
How, m the name of departed and sacred
memory, can you call upon me as a Whig to
stand by you when you have already proclaimed
to the world that you have risen upon the ruins
of the only party that I ever knew to love? _ I
never fought under any other banner. And, sir,
next to the star-spangled banner of my country,
the old Whig banner was endeared to my heart.
You have torn down that banner; you have torn
it from* the mast-head, where it was nailed by
Henry Clay and Daniel Webster; you have trod-
den it under foot; and then turn and say to me,
" Come over and join us." No, sir—never. Let
other rude hands do the deed, but may God palsy
this arm before it ever tears down that Hag ' You
have torn it down, and the Black Republicans
of the North have stolen it, and run oil'with it;
mid now, in the South, men are called to bury
it, and you turn to me, and ask me to join you.
If you have risen on the rums of the Whig
party, stand on those rums; but you will never
get me to stand with you. If you have risen on
those rums, and despite their efforts, go on with
your triumphs, if they have any joy for you.
They have none for me.
But the cruelty does not end there. Was it not
enough—though I suppose a large majority of
you were once members of the old Whig party—
to go off in peace with the conviction that you
were doing your duty without sending an arrow
in the bosoms and hearts of those who remained
true to their faith? Why inlhct still deeper
wounds on us when we were already bleeding at
every pore ? Why taunt us with saying, " Wo
have risen on your ruins, and despite your ef-
forts ?" But the cruelty is not yet refinec I
" Wo cannot be hold in any manner responsible for the
obnoxious acta or violated pledges of either"—
not only standing upon our ruins, but writing
the epitaph upon the stone that marks our fall—
" violated pledges!" I maintain that Henry
Clay never violated a pledge. I maintain that
the old Whig party in its purity and in its hon-
esty never violated any pledge. Yet, sir, these
are your denunciations. We who stand by the
integrity of that old Whig party are called upon,
on the pains and by the penalties of denunciation
and proscription, to go over and join the party
that thus wrote our epitaph. I never can do it.
No man living feels more deeply, more acutely,
more painfully than I do, the separation from
friends who have stood by me in the hour of
darkness, when the shafts of calumny were hurled
from a thousand sources, who, when all the bat-
teries of Democracy, with their envenomed darts,
were hurled at mo, were ready to throw them-
selves into the breach to protect me. Would
that I could sacrifice myself to save them; but I
cannot do violence to my own conscicnce by con-
curring in the doctrines that they preach to the
American people. 1 would go to any length of
personal sacrifice. I would give up everything
but my convictions of honor and public duty to
concur with them, if I could. I can never concur
with them in this crisis; it is impossible that I can.
I wish to God that I could 1 1 know my own com-
fort, myown political safety,if I soughtit—every-
thing of ease requires it. But, Mr. President, I
have spent anxious hours, and, if one so unworthy
as myself may be permitted to say so, prayerful
hours in trying to come to the point of concur-
rence with those old friends whom I love and
mean to love and honor; but I have not been able
to do it.
Iam willing to believe they are honest; I know
most of them are. All I ask is—and 1 do not ex-
pect the poor boon to be accorded to me—that I
may receive the same charity which I extend to
others; but L do not even hope for that. I have
made up my mind calmly; i have made up my
mind deliberately with my convictions of duty.
I would rather maintain my own self-respect by
a faithful discharge of duty in the retirement of
private life, than stand in power and place. I am
separating myself from most of my friends, or
rather, they have separated from me. 1 do not
know but one public man in the State of my old
associates who concurs with me. 1 know I am
separating from those who have cherished me—
who have loved me—who have delighted to honor
me, and I have delighted to return all their kind-
ness. I have served them honestly and faithfully
and with all the ability I possessed; i could no
more. I say to Democratic Senators and to Demo-
crats everywhere, you owe me nothing—nothing
—nothing; 1 ask nothing m return; T expect noth- .
ing and want nothing. I am an old-line Whig; t
and in voting with you it is not. because f love j
Democracy, but because I hate Black Republic-
anism. I love my country; and I believe the
safety of the country depends on the success of
the Democratic party at this time. 1 have made
up my mind, I say, to this course. I know that
it may be the end of my political existence. Be
it so; the world will never bp the lower; and all
that I ask is, the poor privilege of gathering
around me as I fall my old mantle of the Clay
Whig party, and die in peace; and when they
come to write an inscription on my tomb, let
them say, " He lived true to his principles, and
died defendingthem."
But, Mr. President, I have said that I intended
no injustice to Mr. Fillmore. I believe he would
make a safe and conservative President, and I
should consider the country safe m his hands.
If I believed that Mr. Fillmore could be elected—
if I believed that he was a stronger man than
Buchanan, with all my conviction of the injustice
he has heaped upon us, 1 should not hesitate to
vote for him; but has he any chance of success?
I submit to the calm deliberation of the Senate,
has Mr. Fillmore any chance of election ? What
prospect has he? The most sanguine friends of
his with whom I have talked claim the following
States: New York, Delaware, Maryland, Noith
Carolina, Kentucky, Tennessee, and Missouri.
Suppose he should receiveall of them, what would
they amount to? Eighty-nine electoral votes;
sixty minus of an election. But is there a sane
man in the world who believes that Mr. Fillmore
can get all of these States? I am taking the most
favorable view that can be presented. In my
judgment, I say honestly, there is not a certainty
of his getting any one of them. Not a single one
of the States which I have enumerated is sure for
Mr. Fillmore. He may carry some of them; he
may carry all of them; but if he should carry all
of them, that does not make his election. If the
signs of the times are to be credited, he stands
a poor chance of carrying any of them. If he
cannot be electcd by the people, what will be the
result then ? Will he fare any better in the House
of Representatives ? Remember that the present
House of Representatives has to make the elec-
tion. Plow many States has Mr. Fillmore in
the present Congress? Just three, and po more;
Delaware, Maryland, and Kentucky. These are
the only States Mr. Fillmore has in the present
House of Representatives, and they are to choose
a President if the election goes before them.
Now, in the name of justice and common sense,
does anybody suppose these three States will be
able to attract to them States enough to make an
election? No man can think that. Then, I argue,
that Mr. Fillmore has no reasonable chance of
success.
flence, the question is, whether Mr. Fremont
or Mr. Buchanan shall be elected? That is the
issue; and I have conversed with my friends in
regard to it. Some of my interviews are very
pleasant, and some painful; for whatever my
faults may be—and Heaven knows they are
numerous—I believe nobody ever charged me
with a want of devotion to my friends. They
meet me, and ask the question, " Is it possible
that you are going to vote for Buchanan and
Breckinridge?" I have said to them, it is possi-
ble. They ask me how is it? can it be possible
that I, who, from my earliest political existence,
have been making war upon Democracy, can vote
the Democratic ticket? 1 have ever opposed the
Democratic party. I would not withdraw a sin-
gle blow I ever gave them; and if the old issues
are ever revived, and I am living, 1 shall be found
maintaining; them. My friends say to me, " How
is it possible you are going to vote for Buch-
anan?" Now, Mr. President, will my friends
permit me to ask one question, or, in Yankee
phrase, to answer them by asking another? In-
asmuch as I am m the minority, they ought to
answer the question at once. Tell me how you
reconcile yourselves to vote for Andrew Jackson
Donelson ? When you answer that, I will answer
yours. You are talcing to your confidence a man
born, reared, and educated m the Democratic
faith; raised at the feet of the political Gamaliel;
taught to despise and contemn Henry Clay and
every Whig m the nation. You find no difficulty
whatever; but with perfect complacency, with
perfect so]f-satisfaction,you can vote for Andrew
Jackson Dondson; and when I talk about voting
for Buchanan and Ureckmndge youRay,"In the
name of Heaven how can you do it?" I do itas
a choice of evils. 1 do it, as I said before, not
because I love them, but because I believe the
interest and honor of the country now demand
their election; and you, who are. swallowing An-
drew Jackson Donelson,cannot say one word to
any man. You are taking the medicine in broken
doses; but I wouid rather take a full dose atonce.
1 prefer, if I have to take the medicine, to take it
all at once. That is the difference. If I were
talking to my friends in Tennessee, 1 wouid ask
them liow they took a great many men whom they
took there last year? Why, sir, many of them
were conceived in Democratic sin, ana brought
forth in political iniquity, and yet they could
swallow them; and now they say to me, " In the
name of Heaven how can you vote for Buch-
anan I confess it is difficult, and 1 do not dis-
guise it. My old political friends, by abandoning
the Whig party, have forced the necessity on me
of choosing between evils. As a freeman, 1 make
the choice, and take all the responsibility that
attaches to it.
But then they say Mr. Buchanan has antece-
dents which will not do. I expect he has; but
where will you show me a man who has been
twenty, or thirty, or forty years in the public
councils of the country, or m politics, whose an-
tecedents you can trust? You say Mr. Buch-
