1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1139
Mr. GROW. Perhaps the deficiency bill has.
But there is plenty of time. That is the point to
which I was coming. You have time enough to
commence this appropriation bill again. _ You
have time enough to mature one. There is time
enough for each House to pass upon such appro-
priations as they believe they ought to make, and
to defeat those which they believe ought not to be
made. Why, then, should we be coerced by the
Senate of the United States into appropriating
money for matters which our own judgment con-
demns ? Because men tell us, if you do not you
stop the wheels of Government. Let them stop.
Who is responsible? We vote appropriations
fqr all necessary supplies for the Government;
and if the Senate of the United States choose to
insist on measures here which are not necessary
for the carrying on of the Government, let them
take the consequences of defeating the bill.
Sir, I shall never shirk any responsibility in
voting, while holding a seat on this floor, on
account of being told that I must then take the
responsibility of stopping the Government. Let
the Government stop, if they cannot carry it on
on the money that we give them. That is the
power which the Constitution gives us. We will
take the responsibility of appropriating money
under the Constitution of the United States, so
far as it gives us the power; and the disbursing
officer must keep within that appropriation. He
has no business to exceed it, whether the Gov-
ernment stops or not. Whatever misery or dis-
tress may result to the country therefrom, the
House of Representatives, or the Congress of the
United States, is responsible for it—not yourexec-
utive or disbursing officers. Let them, then,keep
within their own constitutional limits and leave
us to exercise that constitutional power which
have of malting such appropriations as we thirW
proper and fit to make, and not compel us to make
them whether we will or not, merely because
they have spent the money.
The SPEAKER. Inasmuch as a misconstruc-
tion may arise on the proposition of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mb. Cobb,] the Chair desires to
say, that inasmuch as this report comes before
the House, superseding the ordinary business,
under its privilege as a report from a committee
of conference, the Chair thinks it must be affirmed
or negatived as a whole;and if it should be nega-
tived, then the House may take such other motion
or direction in relation to the amendments as it
shall deem proper.
Mr. COBB. I attach very little importance to
the fact whether the House vote down the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stan i on, j or
vote upon my amendment. The Chair would
probably be right if this were the report of the
results of the committee of confcrence; but the
conferees not agreeing, this comes to us merely
as the recommendation of our own committee.
Therefore, the rule to which the Chair refers,
which requires the House to take the report of a
committee of conference as a whole, or not to take
it at all, is based upon the idea that each House
is acting on the report of the committee, and each
House must take it as a whole, or reject it. But'
that rule does not apply where we are acting
merely upon the suggestions of our own commit-
tee, who have failed to agree with the committee
of the Senate. Still I will not complicate this
question; and I would ratherwithdraw my amend-
ment, because the House has it as well in its power
to decide the question in the mode indicated by
the Speaker as in any other.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Much has been
said by my colleague, [Mr. Stanton,] and the
gentleman from Pennsylvania who has just taken
his seat, [Mr. Grow,] in relation to what is ne-
cessary to defend the dignity and rights of-this
House. Sir, I will go as far as either of these
gentlemen to sustain the dignity of this House,
and maintain its constitutional rights, i would
be found to stand up as long as any member of
this body in resisting any improper assumption
of power on the part of the Senate of the United
States or of the Executive. Actingupon this prin-
ciple, the Committee of Ways and Means have
paid no regaid to the appropriation bills which
originated in the Senate, and wore laid on your
table; butl understand the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania now to take the position that the Senate
of the United States have no right to amend our-
appropriation bills.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to correct him ? What I said was that
in some cases the Senate had put in the appro-
priation bills an amount as large as we had appro-
priated, and, in most cases, very large amounts;
and that that had become an abuse. I do not
deny their constitutional right to amend.
■ Mr. CAMPBELL. If they have a constitu-
tional right to amend at all, they are to be the
judges of the amount they shall insert in their
amendments; and we must act upon them, and
determine whether in our judgment that amount
is right and proper. My colleague and the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania have assailed the
amendments of the Senate without discrimination.
My colleague seems particularly to have turned
his attention to the appropriation for supplying
deficiencies in the judiciary department, and he
appeals to the House to stand on its dignity, and
to defeat this bill because of the $200,000 for de-
ficiencies asked for that branch of the public ser-
vice; but he failed to state to the House this
important fact, that the managers on the part of
the House on both committees agreed to concur
in that amendment of the Senate.
Mr. STANTON. I stated so distinctly.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well. If, therefore,
the committee of conference of which he was a
member did agree on the part of the House to
the amendment of the Senate to supply deficien-
cies in the judiciary department, and if it be true,
as far as he knows, that the first committee of
conference on the part of the House also agreed
to concur in that amendment of the Senate, I ask
what right has my colleague to appeal to this
House to come to his standard when he is in a
minority in the committee, and when the ma-
jority of the managers on both committees htwe
recommended that the House recede from its dis-
agreement? Sir, it seems to me as though my
colleague were endeavoring to make some political
party capital by referring to items in reference to
a supposed corruption on the part of one of the
marshals. Now, sir, I have no doubt that there
do prevail within the judiciary certain abuses
which ought to be remedied; but does my col-
league pretend to say that it is a part of the duty
of the Committee of Ways and Means in an ap-
propriation bill to legislate and remedy existing
evils in the laws regulating our judicial system?
Certainly not. m
But an assault has been made upon the Execu-
tive. Sir, I concur in the remarks made by the
gentleman from "Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] in
relation to the course pursued by the Secretary of
the Interior. The Committee of Ways and Means
were assured by that officer that not one dollar in
the estimate upon which this appropriation is pro-
posed, is to defray^he expenses incurretHn con-
sequence of abuses committed by any officer. On
the contrary, the whole of the items to which my
colleague refers have been suspended. Not a
single dollar has been paid or provided for in this
bill to pay suspicious or improper claims. But
my colleague says the House ought not to vote a
dollar for the expenses of the judiciary until the
marshal for the southern district of Ohio has
been dismissed from office. Why, sir, if we are
to withhold appropriations from every department
of the Government so long as there is any d<jubt
as to the integrity of a single officer, the wheels
of the Government will stop for want of supplies
to those who have been faithful.
I know nothing in relation to the fact stated, as
to the marshal for the southern district of Oliio.
His name nowhere appears in the public docu-
ment on our desks, and I do not know upon what
authority my colleague makes this assault upon
him here. He is a political opponent of mine,
but I should be the last man to arraign, try, and
condemn him before this House, or to create any
public odium against him, until the facts are laid
before me in such a manner as to leave no doubt
as to their correctness. Let him have fair play—
a trial and a hearing before condemnation.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will ask my colleague, as
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, whether he knows the fact that $27,000
of the deficiency contained in this bill is for cap-
turing fugitive slaves in Cincinnati?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not know that there
is anything in it for such a purpose.
Mr, GIDDINGS. I ask my colleague if he
has recommended the appropriation to be made
without knowing for what purpose it was to be
applied ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The committee Have rec-
ommended the appropriation upon the estimates
sent in by the Secretary, showing that the money
is necessary to defray the lawful expenses of tije
judiciary.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I want to know or
my colleague whether he goes to the Secretary
for recommendations, or to this House?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no means of as-
certaining what amounts have been expended in
the reclamation of fugitive slaves, and no other
means of learning what amount is necessary to
pay the expenses of the judiciary except from
the Executive Departments.
Mr. GIDDINGS. But I want to know of the
gentleman, as a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, whether h'e takes his recom- *
mendations from the Department or from this
House for his guide?
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman whether he is willing to appropriate the
amount necessary for carrying out the Constitu-
tion of the country ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will answer that, but first
let my colleague answer me.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I take it for granted that
an appropriation of money is necessary to exe-
cute your laws, to pay judges, jurors, witnesses,
marshals, &c. If there are any laws upon your
statute-book that are odious to the people, let the
people send Representatives here to modify or
repeal them, under the provisions of the Consti-
tution. I do not stand here as chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee t# withhold supplies
necessary for carrying on any branch of Govern-
ment, simply because there may be a law upon
the statute-book that is odious, with a view of
preventing the Executive from carrying out the
oath which he has taken to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, which instrument
makes it his solemn duty to see that all laws are
faithfully executed. My colleague will certainly
take no other ground than that. I ask him
whether he does not consider it the duty of the
President of the United States, in the language
of the Constitution he is sworn to support, to see
that all the laws are faithfully executed, including
that fugitive slave law, the passage of which he
and I opposed by day and by night? I ask him
whether he does not regard it as the duty of the
Executive to execute all the laws, or whether he
holds to that higher law which would bid defiance
to the acts of Congress and the fundamental law
of the Government which protects us all ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague propounds
to me a very definite question in reply to the one
I propounded to him. I will state to him that,
from the best information now before the public,
the marshal for the southern district of the State
to which both lie and I belong expended, by calling
in four hundred and fifteen deputy marhsals, the
sum of $27,000 in the reclamation of some fugi-
tive slaves from Kentucky. Now my question
was, whether my colleague would, upon the actiag
of that marshal—not from the action of the Pres«
ident of the United States, whose duty it is to se«
the laws faithfully executed—place at the disposal
of this marshal $27,000 to meet this ^mount thus
squandered by this subordinate officer? I answer
that, so far as I am concerned, I would sooner
die in the committee room than grant it. Never,
sir, never! The question is, not whether it ia the
duty of the. President to execute the laws, but as
to the right of the marshal and deputy marshals
to squander the public money. And, sir, these
are my views upon that subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is no disagreement,
then, between the gentleman from Ohio and my-
self.
Mr. GIDDINGS. There should be none.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand my colleague,
then, to agree with me in the position which I-
assume, that it is the duty of the President to sea
that all the laws, including the fugitive slave law,
are faithfully executed.
M&. GIDDINGS. I understand my colleague's
point. I will tell him what I would do in the
execution of this fugitive slave law if I were the
President of the United States. I would do as
Thomas Jefferson did. When I found an uncon-
stitutional law upon the statute-book I would treat
it os such.
