404
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 9,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
"For abolishing the free system of American
law in" this Territory, "establishing therein an
arbitrary Government, so as to render it at once
an example and fit instrument for introducing the
same absolute rule into" other Territories:
'•For taking away our charter, abolishing our
most valuable laws, and altering fundamentally
the powers of our Government:
"For suspending our own Legislature, and
declaring" an usurping Legislature, constituted
by hirn^lf, "invested with power to legislate for
us in all cases whatsoever.
What is wanting here to fill up the complement
of a high judicial process ? Is it an accuser?
The youngest-born of the Republic is before you,
imploring you to rescue her from immolation
on the altar of public faction. Is it a crime?
Bethink yourselves what it is that has been
subverted. It is the whole of a complete and
rounded-off* republican government of a Territory
indeed, by name, but, in substance,a civil State.
Consider the effect. The people of Kansas *>ew
"perfectly free." They now are free only to
submit and obey. Consider whose system that
republican government was, and the power that
established it. It was one of the constitutions
of the United States, established by an act of the
Congress of the United States. Consider what
• tyranny it is that has been built on that atro-
cious usurpation. It is not a discriminating
tyranny, that selects and punishes one, or a few,
or even many, but it disfranchises all, and reduces
every citizen to abject slavery. Examine the
codc created by the Legislature. All the statutes
of the State of Missouri are enacted in gross,
without alteration or amendment, for the gov-
ernment of Kansas; and then, at the end, the
hasty blunder of misnomer is corrected by an
explanatory act, that wherever the word " State "
occurs,it means" Territory." And what a code !
One that stifles not, indeed, the fruits of the
womb, but the equally important element of a
State, the fruits—the immortal fruits—of the
mind; a code that puts in peril all rights and lib-
erties whatsoever, oy denying to men the right to
know, to utter, and to argue, freely, according to
conscience—a right in itself conservative of all
other rights ana liberties. Is an offender want-
ing? He stands before you, in many respects
the most eminent man in all the world—the Pres-
ident of the United States—the constitutional and
chosen defender and protector of the people who
have been subjugated and enslaved. Is there
anything of dignity or authority wanting to this
tribunal? Where elsewhere shall be found one
more august than the Senate of the United States ?
It is the ancient, constant, and undoubted right
and usage of Parliaments—it is the chief purpose
•f their being—to question and complain of all
peraons, of what degTee soever, found grievous
to the Commonwealth, in abusing the power and
trust committed to them by the people. Does
this tribunal need a motive ? We have that, too,
in painful reality. These usurpations and op-
pressions have hitherto rested with the President
of the United States, and those whom he has
abetted. If they shall be left unredressed, they
will henceforth become, by adoption, our own.
The conviction of the offending President is
complete, and now he sinks out of view. His
punishment rests with the people of the United
Stales, whose trust he has betrayed. His con-
viction was only incidental to the business which
is the order of the day. The order of the day is
the redress of the wrongs of Kansas.
How like unto each other are the parallels of
tyranny and revolution in all countries and in all
tunes! Kansas is to-day in the very act of revo-
lution against a tyranny of the President of the
United States, identical in all its prominent fea-
tures with that tyranny of the King of England
which gave birth to the American Revolution.
Kansas has instituted a revolution, simply be-
cause ordinary remedies can never be applied in
great political emergencies. There is a profound
philosophy that belongs to revolutions. Accord-
ing to that philosophy, the President is assumed
by the people of Kansas to entertain a resent-
ment which can never be appeased, and his power,
consequently, must be wholly taken away. Hap-
pily, However, for Kansas, and for us, her revo-
lution is one that was anticipated and sanctioned
and provided for in the Constitution of the United
States, and is therefore a peaceful and (paradox-
ical as the expression may seem) a constitutional
one. Never oefore have I seen occasion so great
for admiring the wisdom and forecast of those
who raised that noble edifice of civil government.
The people of Kansas, deprived of their sover-
eignty by a domestic tyranny, have nevertheless
lawfully rescued it provisionally, and, so exercis-
ing it, nave constituted themselves a State, and
applied to Congress to admit them as such into
the Federal Union. Congress has power to admit
the new State thus organized. The favorable
exercise of that power will terminate and crown
the revolution. Once a State, the people of Kan-
sas can preserve internal order, and defend them-
selves against invasion. Thus, the constitutional
remedy is as effectual as it is peaceful and simple.
This is the remedy for the evils existing in the
Territory of Kansas, which I propose. Happily,
there is no need to prove it to be either a lawful
one or a proper one, or the only possible one.
The President of the United States and the Com-
mittee on Territories unanimously concede all this
broad ground, because he recommends it, and
,, they adopt it.
,1 Wherein, then, do I differ from them? Simply
thus. I propose to apply the remedy now, by
admitting the new State with its present popula-
tion and present constitution. My opponents
insist on postponing the measure until the Terri-
tory shall be conceded by the usurping authori-
ties to contain ninety-three thousand seven hun-
dred inhabitants, and until thorn authorities shall
direct and authorize the people to organize a new
State, under a new constitution. In other words,
I propose to allow the people of Kansas to apply
the constitutional remedy at once. The Presi-
dent proposes to deferit indefinitely,and to com-
mit the entire application of it to the hands of the
Missouri borderers. He confesses the inadequacy
of that course by asking appropriations of money
to enable him to maintain and preserve order within
the Territory until the indefinite period when the
constitutional remedy shall be applied. There
is no sufficient reason for the delay which the
President advises. He admits the rightfulness
and necessity of the remedy. It is as rightful
and necessary now as it ever will be. It is de-
manded by the condition and circumstances of the
people of Kansas now. You cannot justly post-
pone, any more than you can justly deny, that
right. To postpone would be a denial. The
President will need no grant of money, or of
armed men, to enforce obedience to law, when
you shall have redressed the wrongs of which the
people complain. Even under Governments less
free than our own, there is no need of power where
justice holds the helm. When justice is impar-
, tially administered, the obedience of the subject
or citizen will be voluntary, cheerful, and practi-
cally unlimited. Freedom justly due cannot be
conceded too soon. True freedom exists—the
utmost bounds of civil liberty are obtained, only
where complaints are freely heard, deeply con-
sidered, and speedily redressed. So only can you
restore to Kansas the perfect freedom which you
pledged, and she has lost.
The Constitution does not prescribe ninety-
three thousand seven hundred,or any other num-
ber of people, as necessary to constitute a State.
Besides, under the present ratio of increase, Kan-
sas, whose population now is forty thousand,
will number one hundred thousand in a few
months. The point made concerning numbers is
therefore practically unimportant and frivolous.
The President objects that the past proceedings
by which the new State of Kansas was organized,
were irregular in three respects: First, that
they were instituted, conducted, and completed,
without a previous permission by Congress, or
by the local authorities within the Territory.
Secondly, that they were instituted, conducted,
; and completed by a party, and not by the whole
ale of Kansas; and thirdly, that the new State
i an attitude of defiance and insubordination
towards the territorial authorities and the Fed-
eral Union. I reply, first, that if the proceedings
11 in question were irregular and partisanlike and
II factious, the exigencies of the case would at least
excuse the faults, and Congress has unlimited
discretion to waive them. Secondly, the pro-
ceedings were not thus irregular, partisanliko,
and factious, because no act of Congress forbade
them—no act of the Territorial Legislature for-
bade them, directly or by implication—nor lmd
the TerritorialLegislaturej>owcr either to author-
ize or to prohibit them. The proceedings were,
indeed, instituted by a party who favored tliem.
But they were prosecuted and consummated in
the customary forms of popular elections, which
were open to all the inhabitants of the Territory
qualified to vote by the organic law, and to no
others; and they have in no case come into con-
flict, nor does the new State now act or assumo
to engage in conflict with either the territorial
authorities or the government of the Union.
Thirdly, there can be no irregularity where
there is no law prescribing what sliall be regular.
Congress has passed no law establishing regula-
tions for the organization or admission of new
States. Precedents in such cases, being without
foundation in law, are without authority. This
is a country whose Government is regulated, not
by precedents, but by constitutions. But, if pre-
cedents were necessary, they are found in the
cases of Texas and California, each of which
was organized and admitted, subject to the sama
alleged irregularities.
The majority of the Committee on Territories,
in behalf of the President, interpose one further
objection, by tracing this new State organization
to the influence of a secret, armed, political soci-
ety. Secrecy and combination, with extra-judi-
cial oaths and armed power, were the enginery
of the Missouri borderers in effecting the subju-
gation of the people of Kansas, as that machinery
is always employed in the commission of politi-
cal crimes. How far it was lawful or morally
right for the people of Kansas to employ the
same agencies for the defense of their lives and
liberties, may be a question for casuists, but cer-
tainly is not one for me 1 can freely confess,
however, my deep regret that secret societies for
any purpose whatsoever have obtained a place
among political organizations within the Repub-
lic; and it is my hope that the experience which
we have now so distinctly had, that they can be
but too easily adapted to unlawful, seditious, and
dangerous enterprises, while they bring down
suspicion and censure on high and noble causes
when identified with them, may be sufficient to
induce a general discontinuance of them.
Will the Senate hesitate for an hour between
the alternatives before them ? The passions of
the American people find healthful exercise in
peaceful colonizations, and the construction of
railroads,and the bu'ldingup and multiplying of
republican institutions. The Territory of Kansas
lies across the path through which railroads must
be built, and along which such institutions must
be founded, without delay, in order to preserve
the integrity of our empire. Shall we suppress
enterprises so benevolent and so healthful, and
inflame our country with that fever of intestine
war which exhausts and consumes not more the
wealth and strength than the virtue and freedom
of a nation ? Shall we confess that the procla-
mation of popular sovereignty within the Terri-
tory of Kansas was not merely a failure, but was
a pretense and a fraud ? Or will Senators now
contend that the people of Kansas, dest.tute as
they are of a Legislature of their own, of execu-
tive authorities of their own, of judicial authori-
ties of their own, of a militia of their own, of
revenues of their own subject to disposal by
themselves; practically deprived, as they are, of
the rights of voting, serving as jurors, and of
writing, printing, and speaking their own opin-
ions, are nevertheless in the enjoyment and exer-
cise of popular sovereignty ? Shall we confess
before the world, after so brief a trial, that this
great political system of ours is inadequate either
to enable the majority to control through the
operation of opinion, without force, or to give
security to the citizen against tyranny and do-
mestic violence? Are we prepared so soon to
relinquish our simple and beautiful systems of
republican government, and to substitute in their
place the machinery of usurpation and depotism ?
The Congress of the United States can re fuss
