1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2015
that those who were going for Mr. Buchanan, or
miglu do so, were doing it with the hope of re-
ward, and for the mere sake of the loaves and
fishes. Never, sir. I assert now, that 1 expect
nothing from him, and I want nothing fivin him.
But is that the sort of doctrine to proclaim in this
country? Are we a set of Swiss soldiers fighting
for pay? Is there no patriotism in the land? Has
it fled the country ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I never
thought of the gentleman in that connection,
though I had a private belief that the prodigal
son went back because his father had a fatted calf.
[Laughter.] But it never occurred to my mind
to think anything of that kind about my friend
from Tennessee, for I did not think him capable
of being governed by such motives.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no idea
that he thought particularly of me; but I wanted
to give my friend an opportunity to put himself
right before the country, because the idea here
conveyed is, that if we vote for Mr. Buchanan
we shall come in at the second table, and can
never expect to sit at the first table. Now, my
friend fiom Kentucky is an old-fashioned Whig
and a Clay Whig, as he announced to us; but I
know he also declared his determination to vote
the American ticket. He does not belong to
them. He repudiates any connection with them,
except to vote for them. Will my friend tell me
what table he expects to sit at?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. The first
table all the time. Whenever Kentucky decides
the question, there is where I will be.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If you never get
to any table until you get to the first one, you will
starve to death, [laughter,] because they tell you
in their creed—at least they say in my part of the
State of Tennessee, in their creed—you shall not
eat at all unless you belong to the family, [laugh-
ter,] so you are tound to starve any way; and I
can but starve if I go. [Laughter.] Now, Mr.
President, I do not go for any such thing. As
for the table, I do not cave a copper about it. I
do not ask them to invite me to their table; and
it is questionable with me whether, if they were
to ask me, I would acceptit, only on the score of
politeness or hospitality. I am as independent
of the Democratic party as they are of me; and I
reiterate it again, they owe me nothing,and they
will owe me nothing after this contest is over. I
do not care whether they invite me to their table
or not. Thank God, I have a table of my own.
I have the table of my country, and all can feed
at that table — food enough for every generous
American heart—food enough for me, foodenough
for all. As for your sectional party tables, if you
think there is any honor in sitting at them, sit at
thorn. I choose to sit at the great national table,
and to do my duty to my country as I understand,
leaving the results to Heaven and the country.
I am reminded of a story which my friend from
South Carolina told me this morning,and I will tell
it now for the benefit of those who are in doubt.
It will do for the Senate, because this is a minis-
terial affair; I have been frequently taunted the
last week by friends saying, " I have heard that
Father Cass is going to perform the services of
baptism." I think, if anybody could do that, he
might; but 1 am not going to take the water at
all, and I want to illustrate my position by an
anecdote which my friend told. There was a
Baptist preacher in South Carolina by the name
of Cartlin, an honest, good man; and a gentle-
man, by the name of Jack Crawford, sought
admission into the Church. You know the
Baptist Church is a real Democratic concern;
they take a man just as he is—big or little; and
when Jack Crawford came up they considered
his right, and the old man Cartlin voted against
him. He would not take Jack at all, for he was
a terrible fellow; but the Church overruled him
just as General Taylor's Cabinet overruled him,
and outvoted him; and they decided to take Jack
in. Of course the duty of administering baptism
devolved upon the old man Cartlin. When he
went to baptize him, he said to him, "Jack, I
voted against this thing, but the Church has
overruled me, and it is my duty to baptize you;
but I will tell you what is the fact: I do not be-
lieve you are fit to be baptized, and you ought
not to be baptized;" but he finally concluded that
he was obliged to doit—he baptized him. " Now,
you see, Jack, you are baptized, and if you can
get religion, there is no sinner on earth that need
fear hereafter. ** [Great laughter.] 1 think that,
if I can vote for Mr. Buchanan, nobody need fear;
for I believe I have been, and am still, as good
a Whig as any in the world, and I think I am a
better one than many of those who would chide
me for the course I feel it my duty to pursue. I
at least have never forsaken it. I cling to it still;
and, should its banner ever again be given to the
breeze, I shall be found standing beneath it.
I have another reason why 1 am going to vote
this Democratic ticket; and it is a hard thing for
me to say. I regard the present Democratic
party as affording the only and last hope of secu-
rity to the South. Gentlemen may say " this is
sectional." Be it so; I do not care whether you
call it sectional or not. It is a fact, and I mean
to establish it from the records. I say that, in
my judgment, the Democratic party affords the
best, if not last, hope of safety ancl security to
the South. Why do I say so? We have had a
Democratic party, and we have had a Whig party.
We have had contest after contest. What has
become of the Whig party of the North > The
northern wing of the Whig party has gone off,
where ? They have become thoroughly abolition-
ized; and the American party, rising upon the
ruins of the Whig party, did it upon the hope
and assurance, as I believe, that they would be
able to establish a national party. They did estab-
lish a national party; and how long did it last?
It lasted until they had the first national conven-
tion, when they broke asunder—the North going
to itself, and the South standing by itself, with a
few exceptions in the North. I maintain there
is but one party that is national, and that is main-
taining the rights of the South. I do not pretend
to say the South Americans are not as conserva-
tive, national, and true to ihe constitutional rights
of the South as any party; I know they are; but
I know, at the same time, that they have no such
support at the North as to give them power to
carry out their purposes. Then where are we to
look?
I ask you to go to the record and begin as far
back as 1845, and l**t us see how it stands. In
1845 Florida proposed to be admitted into the
Union as a slave State. How stood the vote on
that question? In the House, northern Demo-
crats voted—yeas 58, nays 4; all others from the
North, nays 37. In the Senate northern Demo-
crats—12 yeas, nays none; all other northern men
—yeas none, nays9. Therefore Florida would not
have been admitted, and never could have been
admitted, but for the votes of the northern Demo-
crats.
Again: when Texas sought to be annexed, how
stood the vote ? I was opposed to the acquisition
of Texas; and therefore 1 make every allowance.
I opposed it upon the grounds of opposition to
all territorial aggrandizement; but when the ques-
tion came here, how did the vote stand? Northern
Democrats in the House—yeas 37, nays 3; all
others from'the North—yeas none, nays 46.
Then it got not a single northern vote except
Democratic ones. Now, I ask southern gentle-
men if that is not significant? if that does not
teach something > li'itdoes not point to something?
Here is a southern State asking for admission.
We are not strong enough to admit her, and we
have to look to the North for her admission.
Who comes to our assistance? Northern Dem-
ocrats, and northern Democrats alone?
Again, when the fugitive slave law was passed,
how did the vote stand ? Northern Democrats—
yeas 28, nays 14, all others from the North—
yeas 3, nays 62. Then the fugitive slave law
never could have been passed but by northern
Democratic votes. Tt only received three north-
ern votes outside of the Democratic party, and I
believe they were Whigs, and therefore it never
could have' been passed but for the Democratic
party.
But I come down to later times, when the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill was here. Gentlemen say that
was not a northern and southern question. I will
not pretend to arirue that. All that I know is,
what I find on the record. How did the vote
stand? Northern Democrats in the House—yeas
45, nays 38; all other Representatives of the North
not one yea, nays 54. Then the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill, which I regard as a southern meas-
ure, did not receive a single northern Whig vote
in the House of Representatives. How did it
stand in the Senate ? Northern Democrats—yeas
14, nays 4. How many northern Whigs voted
for it? Not one.
Upon each and every one of these measures we
have had to rely on the northern Democrats to
carry and to sustain them, and without them they
would have been lost. I will state another fact
in regard to the Kansas bill. If there had not
been a southern Senator in the world—if the last
one of us had been ingulfed before the vote was
taken,'the northern Democrats would have passed
it over all opposition. It received northern Dem-
ocratic votes enough to pass it without the vote
of a single southern Senator; and not one north-
ern Whig would stand by us to vote for it. It
may be said there is nothing in that; but is it
not a strange coincidence, that in each of these
measures the Democrats sustained what are sup-
posed to "be the rights and interests of the South,
and all others from the North voted against them;
none except Democrats standing with us, except
three, on the fugitive slave bill.
Now, sir, when you come to the election of
Mr. Speaker Banks, how does the record stand ?
After ten weeks of toil and labor, how does it
stand? In the final vote Mr. Banks received one
hundred and three votes, and Mr. Aiken one
hundred. How many northern votes did Mr.
Aiken get, and who were they? Mr. Aiken did
not receive a single northern vote which was not
a Democratic vote. Where were the North
Americans then, who mean to do us justice—who
mean to stand by us in the preservation of our
rights ? Did a single one of them vote for Mr.
Aiken? Not one. Every northern vote for him
was a Democratic vote, and every other northern
vote was cast against him. He received every
southern vote, American and all, except one or
two; but not one northern vote except from the
Democratic party. How was it upon the Topeka
convention bill in the other House a few days
ago? The very same thing substantially in re-
gard to that. Now, I ask southern men—and I
wish my voice could reach to every man in the
South—how do you think, with these facts before
you, your rights are to be preserved? You tell
me I ought not to vote for the Democratic party.
Where shall I flee for safety and protection for
myself, for my wife, for my children, and the
graves of my ancestors? Who shall I trust at
the North? Here and there is a man whom you
may trust; but what organized party there may
you trust, when the rights of the South are in
clanger? If there were no other question in the
world, and there was that isolated fact staring me
in the face, I should feel bound now, as a man
consulting the interests of the country, to cast the
vote which I have suggested.
There is another consideration. Are we not
bound by an obligation, as high, as solemn as
honor itself, to stand by those who have succored
us in our hours of trial? What interest have
these gentlemen of the North to stand by us ? If
they were but consulting the prejudices, and pas-
sions, and fanaticism of their people, they would
go on with the great tide, swimming, gloriously
and quietly. Yet when the question conies here
they stand by the Constitution; they stand by
its compromises; they stand by the country. For
that they receive anathemas at the North, and,
be it said to our shame, too often anathemas at
the South. To the South I would say m solemn
condemnation, " Go on in your work of ingrati-
tude if you choose to peril all; treat these men
with the ingratitude and injustice with which you
are treating some of them; and when the dark
hour comes, you know that you are in a hopeless
minority, you know that that minority is becom-
ing weaker every day; and when another storm
shall come, whom will you call upon to succor
you? You banish those men who have stood by
you; you denounce them as enemies to the coun-
try; you have treated them with ingratitude and
injustice; and when the hour of trial and danger
comes,where will you find your support—where ?
This solemn warning comes up as an echo, and
answers, Where. I appeal to thisrecoid: if you
find them not there, you will find them not at all.
If you find them not at all, what will you dor Men
of the South, what can you do? No allies at the
North; no support there; no succor there. Your
venerable men are taken away from the public
councils, swallowed up in fanaticism, and what
will you do ? Y<5u have but one last refuge, aad that
