1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1141
he acquiesce in this point of order, and let us take
up the report of the Senate, and upon that the
House can decide the question as well as upon
the resolution of the gentleman from New York.
My opinion is, that the point of order, though it
has but just suggested itself to me, is well taken,
and that the House cannot act upon papers not
before it. You ask the House to adhere? To
what? To adhere to certain amendments. I cail
for the reading of them, and you have not got
them ! You ask the House, for instance, to act
upon various important amendments, when the
papers are not in the House, and the House will
be compelled to act in the dark. It appears to
me that no report is in order while the papers are
in the possession of the other body.
The SPEAKER. It will be seen, if the gen-
tleman from Georgia will look at the exact posi-
tion of the question, that it is competent for the
House to act upon a report presented by a com-
mittee of conference. That report may not be
in a correct and satisfactory form. If so, it should
be recommitted to the committee; but it is not
competent for the Chair to rule it out. It is for
the House to accept or reject it.
Mr. CLLNGMAN. I believe I am entitled to
the floor; but I do not desire to occupy it long.
That report has been entertained by the House,
and has been debated forsome time, and I take it
for granted that, if the point of order taken by
the gentleman from Georgia is well taken, it is
too late. By unanimous consent we have re-
ceived this resolution, and I have 110 doubt it is
amendable.
All I want to say is simply this, that all the
gentleman from Ohio has said with reference to
the abuses of the judiciary has nothing to do
with the question before the House; for I unda>
stand that the last committco of conference®
and also the one which preceded it—waived their
objection to that amendment, and th®on!y two
amendments for our consideration now are the
Army appropriation and the water* works appro-
priation.
Now, sir, I am one of those gentlemen who
voted for both of those appropriations; I enter-
tain no doubt but they are both proper under
existing circumstances. I agree with the gentle-
man from Ohio that there arc abuses in the Army
expenditures; and if any officer of the Army has
misapplied money, he ought to be punished, and
I will go with that gentleman in any proper mode
of punishing him.
Again, sir, if our existing laws are too lax—if
it be neccssary that we should amend them—I
shall be ready to vote with the gentleman from
Ohio, or anybody else, on this point; but I have
been told, Mr. Speaker, and I have no doubt you
have seen it stated in the public prints—as every
body else has—that there is a disposition on the
part of a portion of the members of this House
to refuse supplies on general grounds. Now,
sir, von and I know very well that this same idea
has been thrown out in debate here, sometimes,
by a gentleman who is not now in his s^at, that in
certain contingencies the appropriation bills would
be defeated. It is very well known that that has
been a subject of discussion in another part of
this Capitol. It is also well known that it has
been frequently referred to in the public prints.
Now, I do not propose to upbraid any gentleman
with want of courage. I hear gentlemen around
me say, " I will dare to do this, and I will dare to
do that." I have no doubt that every gentleman
would dare to do what he thinks to be right. But
what I regret to see is, that this question should
be presented in such a shape as that the country
is not likely to understand by it why they are
going to refuse the supply bills. If any body
of gentlemen choose to take such a position—
whether in a majority or minority of the House—
let them do it, and stand before the country. But
the misfortune, on a question of this sort, is likely
to be, that some gentlemen who have no dispo-
sition whatever to refuse supplies to the Govern-
ment, will nevertheless be voting in conjunction
with them, on particular amendments.
Now, I wish very much that the view of the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] would be
maintained, so that we might get a direct vote on
these different questions If any gentlemen—I
paiticularize nobody now—wish to refuse the
appropriations, let them do it, and let the country
understand it. I am ndt one of sir* Therfc
are several propositions in this bill that I do not
approve of; but, nevertheless, I intend to vote
for the bill as a whole, as I always do. There is
probably no appropriaiion bill of a general char-
acter that ever passes the House, where I or any
one member of the House approve of all its de-
tails. But we must bear in mind, in connection
with them, that the Government must have
money; and we must, therefore, sanction some
things which we regard as wrong. I would say
in regard to these two particular'appropriations—
for the Army and for the water-works—that I
have supported them all the time.
And now, one word on this appropriation re-
lating to the water-works. It has been a good
deal discussed in the House, and I think it has
been very much misrepresented. My friend from
Virginia [Mr. McMullin] says that a company
is willing to construct these water-works for a
million of dollars. I have read, Mr. Speaker,
the proposition of that company. They propose
to take the water out of Rock creek, and to sup-
ply the city with it. I am free to say, that I was
at first opposed to the plan which has been
adopted; and I examined it with a good deal of
care. At the instance of one of my colleagues
who was then on the committee, and whom I
knew to be a great stickler for economy, I was
induced to reexamine the question. I took the
trouble to look at the creek. I do not believe
that, in the summertime, when the water was
low, this creek could supply water to the city.
I have no doubt that we might go on and get up
acompany, and give them a great deal of money
—and it would turn out like our printing con-
tracts, and other contracts that we have made.
We would have to foot the bill, and get very
little m return for it. Why, sir, for the last fif-
teen years the House of Representatives has been
trying to get printing done by contract, and we
have never carried out any one contract. I do
not believe that a single contract has ever been
made where we did not pay a much larger amount
than we had agreed to pay. Why? Because the
parties come here and say they cannot comply
with the terms of their contract; and they make a
strong appeal to Congress; and Congress never
tries to make them carry it out. So in this case.
In my opinion, you may, if you try, get up a
company here that will go on and make money,
and then leave you in the lurch. And, even if
they get the work constructed, they will not
supply the water long.
1 agree, therefore, with the Representative from
Ohio on my right [Mr. Giddings] on this sub-
ject. As he and I do not agree very often on
political questions, I am happy to be able to agree
with him on this; and I believe I may say, Mr.
Speaker, that, aside from the subject of slavery,
there is no gentleman on this floor with whom I
am more likely to vote with reference to the gen-
eral business of the country, than with the gen-
tleman from Ohio. On the subject of slavery I
think he is universally wrong; but I shall not
endeavor to determine the point at this time.
I was about t«o say this, Mr. Speaker: We have
a city here which is growing very rapidly now.
I have no doubt that if the Government remain
here for a century,it will be a very large city. A
work of this kind will be a durableand permanent
work, if it be carried on as it has been begun. It
will supply water for a city as large as New
York, or any city which we can possibly have.
We therefore make a permanent investment,
which will be useful in beautifying and improv-
ing the city for all time to come.
I do not at all agree with gentlemen who say that!
we are under no obligation to do this? Who is j
the great property-holder of the city? Why, 1
the Government. The Government has, I under- i
stand, a larger amount of property here than all I
the inhabitants together. The property of the j
Government is worth more than that of private '
individuals; and yet, as the largest property-
holder, we pay no taxes at all. Well, if the
Government build the aqueduct, and bring water
into the city—what then? The city will then
have to go to the expense of from five to eight hun-
dred thousand dollars for the laying down of pipes,
and that will be bearing their fair proportion of >
the expense. Gentlemen must remember that this ;
city is scattered, and covers a very large extent. !
That arises from the fact that the Government j
owns bo much of the land; and whenever you 1
come to grade the street.?, or to distribute gas or
water, or do anything else of the kind, the ex-
penditure on the people is much larger here than
it m ordinarily in cities. And I therefore main-
tain that, inasmuch as the Government occupies
so much of the territory of the city, and the
largest and best portion of the public buildings,
there is no impropriety whatever in your provid-
ing a liberal supply o*f water. By going to the
Great Falls here, you can get a supply which„
will answer present and all future purposes; and
then let the citizens, if they want the water, have
it on such terms as Congress may think right.
I have said thus much, Mr. Speaker, on this
particular point of the appropriation for the water-
works. I am in favor of it, and am ready to vote
for itas a separate proposition. Of course, there-
fore, I have no objection to the passage of the bill. *
There is one more point—as to the Army appro-
priation. ^ It is very^well known that we are
involved in an Indian war at this time, and the
Government has been obliged to send several regi-
ments--! do not remember how many—from the
Atlantic to the Pacific States. Can any gentle-
man deny that it costs a far larger sum when you
send regiments by Cape Horn, or by the Isth-
mus, and transport them to the foot of the Rocky
Mountains, either from the Atlantic or Pacific
coast, than they would cost you if they were
remaining at their stations? And I take it for
granted that the large expenditures which this
deficiency is to meet were necessary.
I propose, then, Mr. Speaker, to move to amend
the resolution which we have to vote upon; and
I defy you, or anybody else, to show me a prin-
ciple in parliamentary law, or in any elementary
work, which would prevent the House from
amending that resolution. I propose, therefore,
to strike out the words ii adhere to" their disa-
greements, and insert the words '* recede from"
their disagreements.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw* that proposition.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I see no reason why I
should withdraw it. I would like the gentleman
from Missouri to give me a reason. I am in favor
of receding from our disagreements, and I wish to
vote for that proposition.
Mr. TRIPPE. Has the Speaker decided that
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina is in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not ruled on
the question.
Mr. TRIPPE. Well, sir, I have been thus far
under the impression that any motion to amend
a report of a committee of confcrence was out of
order—that a report was a matter which was not
amendable. I have got that impression from an
article which I find in the Manual, and which I
will read:
<l At fi ee conferences the managers discuss viva twee and
freely, and interchange propositions for such modifications
as miy be made in a pdi hamentary way, and may bring the
sense of the two Houses together. And each party reports
m \vi itmg to their respective Houses the substance of what
n said on botii sides, and it is entered upon their Journals.
Tliij? repoit cannot be alteied or amended as that of acom-
nmtee may be.5'
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is where there has
been a joint report. There has been no joint re-
port in this case.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the point of order is well taken. And the Chair
will remark that when a committee of conference
upon the part of the House has reported its action
to the House, it is a matter privileged above all
the other business of the House. And it has been
the parliamentary practice, both in this country
anil in England, that the report is to be considered
and acted upon as a whole, it is not competent,
therefore, for the gentleman from North Carolina
at this time to move an amendment to the reso-
lution reported by the committee.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I rise for the purpose
of taking an appeal from the decision of the Chair;
and if it be in order, I desire to state ill the brief-
est terms, why I appeal. The rule read by the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Trippe] requires
the committee of conference to report a brief of
what occurred in tlie committee. Of course that
' would not be amendable, because it would be an
\ attempt on the part of the House to alter the his-
j tory of transactions that occurred in another body;
but when a committee comes back here, and at-
tempts) in the nature of a report) to pai® off uixm
