1856.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
405
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Jones, of Iowa*
Senate.
admission to Kansas only on the ground that it
will not relinquish the hope of carrying African
slavery into that new Territory. If you are pre-
pared to assume that ground, why not do it man-
fully and consistently, and establish slavery there
by a direct and explicit act of Congress ? But have
we come to that stage of demoralization and
degeneracy so soon ?—we, who commenced our
political existence and gained the sympathies of
the world by proclaiming to other nations that
we held " these truths to be self-evident: that all
men are created equal, and have certain inalien-
able rights; and that among these rights are
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness;" we
■who, in the spirit of that declaration, have as-
sumed to teach and to illustrate, for the benefit
of mankind, a higher and better civilization than
they have hitherto known! If the Congress of
the United States shall persist in this attempt,
then they shall at least allow me to predict its
results: Either you will not establish African
slavery in Kansas, or you will do it at the cost
of the sacrifice of all the existing liberties of
the American people. Even if slavery were,
what it is not, a boon to the people of Kansas,
they would reject it if enforced upon tWir accept-
ance by Federal bayonets. The attempt is in
conflict with all the tendencies of the age. Afri-
can slavery has, for the last fifty years, been giving
way, as well in this country as in the islands
ana on the main land throughout this hemisphere.
The political power and prestige of slavery in
the United States are passing away. The slave
States practically governed the Union directly for
fifty years. They govern it now, only indirectly,
through the agency of northern hands, tempo-
rarily enlisted m their support. So much, owing
to the decline of their power, they have already
conceded to the free States. The next step, if
they persist in their present course, will be the
resumption and exercise by the free States of the
control of the Government, without such conces-
sions as they have hitherto made to obtain it.
Throughout a period of nearly twenty years, the
defenders of slavery screened it from discussion
in the national councils. Now, they practically
confess to the necessity for defending it here, by
initiating discussion themselves. They have at
once thrown away their most successful weapon,
compromise, and worn out that one which was
next in effectiveness, threats of secession from
the Union. It is under such unpropitious cir-
cumstances that they begin the new experiment
of extending slavery into free territory by force,
the armed power of the Federal Government.
You will need many votes from free States in the
House of Representatives, and even some votes
from those States in this House, to send an army
with a retinue of slaves in its train into Kansas
Have you counted up your votes in the two
Houses ? Have you calculated how long those
who shall cast such votes will retain their places
in the National Legislature ?
But I will grant, for the sake of the argument,
that with Federal battalions you can carry sla-
very into Kansas, and maintain it there. Are
you quite confident that this republican form of
fovernment can then be upheld and preserved ?
rou will then yourselves have introduced the
Trojan horse. No republican government ever
has endured, with standing armies maintained in
its bosom to enforce submission to its laws. A
people who have once learned to relinquish their
rights under compulsion, will not be long in for-
getting that they ever hid any. In extending
slavery into Kansas, therefore,by arms, you will
subvert the liberties of the people.
Senators of the free States,! appeal to you.
Believe ye the prophets ? I know you do. You
know, then, that slavery neither works mines and
quarries, nor founds cities, nor builds ships, nor
levies armies, nor mans navies. Why, then, will
you insist on closing up this new Territory of
Kansas against all enriching streams of immigra-
tion, while you pour into it Uie turbid and poison-
ous waters of African slavery ? Which one of
you all, whether of Connecticut, or of Pennsyl-
vania, or of Illinois, or of Michigan, would con-
sent thus to extinguish the chief light of civiliza-
tion within the State in which your own fortunes
are cast, a,hd in which your own posterity are to
live ? w hy will you pursue a policy so unkind,
so ungenerous, and so unjust towards the help- j
less, defenseless, struggling Territory of Kansas, |
inhabited as it is by your own brethren, depend- j
ing on you for protection and safety ? Will j
slavery in Kansas add to the wealth or power !
of your own States, or to the wealth, power, or ,
glory of the Republic ? You know that it will di-
minish all of these. You profess a desire to end this
national debate about slavery, which has become
for you intolerable. Is it not time to relinquish ]
that hope ? You have exhausted the virtue, for j
that purpose, that resided in compacts and plat- j
forms, in the suppression of the right of petition
and in arbitrary parliamentary laws, and in ab- :
negation of Federal authority over the subject of
slavery within the national Territories. Will
you &ven then end the debate, by binding Kan- i
sas with chains, for the safety of slavery in
Missouri ? Even then you must give over Utah
to slavery, to make it secure and permanent in
Kansas; and you must give over Oregon and
Washington to both polygamy and slavery, so ;
i as to guaranty equally tne one and the other of j
those peculiar domestic institutions in Utah; and '
so you must go on, sacrificing, on the shrine of
peace, Territory after Territory, until the prevail- -
ing nationality of freedom and of virtue shall be
lost, and the vicious anomalies, which you have
hitherto vainly hoped Almighty wisdom would re-
move from among you without your own concur-
rence, shall become the controlling elements in the
Republic. He who found a river in his .path, and
sat down to wait for the flood to pass away, was
not more unwise than he who expects the agita-
tion of slavery to cease, while the love of freedom
animates the bosoms of mankind.
The solemnity of the occasion draws over our
heads that cloud of disunion which always arises
whenever the subject of slavery is agitated. Still
the debate goes on,more ardently, earnestly, and
angrily, than ever before. It employs now not
merely logic, reproach, menace, retort, and defi- ,
ance, but sabers, rifles, and cannon. Do you look i
through this incipient war auite to the end, and
see there peace, quiet, and narnaony,on the sub-
ject of slavery? If so, pray enlighten me, and
show me how long the way is which leads to that
repose. The free States are loyal, and they al-
ways will remain so. Their foothold on this con-
tinent is firm and sure. Their ability to maintain
themselves, unaided, under the present Constitu-
tion, is established. The slave States, also, have
been loyal hitherto, and I hope and trust they
ever may remain so. But if disunion could ever
come, it would come in the form of a secession
of the slaveholding States; and it would come,
then, when the slaveholding power, which is al-
ready firmly established on the Gulf of Mexico,
and extends a thousand miles northward along
both banks of the Mississippi, shoul'i have fast-
ened its grappling irons upon the fountains of
the Missouri and the slopes of the Rocky
Mountains. Then that power would either be
intolerably supreme in this Republic, or it would
strike for independence or exclusive domina-
tion. Then the free States and slave States of
the Atlantic, divided and warring with each other,
would disgust the free States of the Pacific, and
they would have abundant cause and justification
for withdrawing from a Union productive no
loiujer of peace, safety, and liberty to themselves,
ana no longer holding up the cherished hopes of
mankind.
Mr. President, the Continental Congress of
1787, on resigning the trust, which it had dis- i
charged with signal fidelity, into the hands of the !
authorities elected under the new Constitution, |
and in taking leave of their constituents, ad- |
dressed to the people of the United States this j
memorable injunction: "Letitnever be forgotten, '
that the cause of the United States has always i
been the cause of human nature." Let us recall <
that precious monition; let us examine the ways
whicn we have pursued hitherto, under the light
thrown upon them by that instruction. We shall
find, in doing so, that we have forgotten moral
right in the pursuit of material greatness, and
we shall cease henceforth from practicing upon
ourselves the miserable delusion, that we can
safely extend empire, when we shall have become
reckless of the obligations of Eternal Justice, and
faithless to the interests of universal freedom.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
| SPEECH OF HON. G. W. JONES,
■ OP IOWA,
In the Senate, Jtpril 16,1656.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having under
consideration the Bill to authorize the people of Kansas to
form a constitution and State government preparatory to
their admission into the Union,
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, said:
Mr. President: An imperative duty urges m«
for the first time during the period of my service
as a member of the Senate, to tax its patience by
attempting more than a few brief remarks upon
matters immediately connected with my public
! and official duties. And permit me to say, I now
regret that circumstances have impelled me to
deviate somewhat from the rule which I have
hitherto imposed upon myself, for the reason that
upon subjects of a general import, I have always
found Senators better informed than myself, or
; more able to present the views we hold in com-
mon, than 1 could pretend to be. My colleague,
on the 27th of last month, gave to the Senate his
views upon the affairs in Kansas, and the various
considerations arising therefrom;—those views
have been laid before the people of the Union;
they do not reflect the opinions nor the feelings
of a large majority of the citizens of the State ef
Iowa; and therefore I have conceived it to be my
duty to attempt, in a plain way, to refute and
exhibit the fallacy of his statements and views,
and present what I conceive to be a more correct
exhibition of the opinions of the people of Iowa
than he has given; and in doing this I trust I shall
| not depart from a becoming deference to the eru-
! dition of my colleague as a professor of natural
science, a theologian, and a lawyer, in all of which
capacities he has distinguished himself; and has,
, in a contest like that which now occupies the
] Senate, a decided advantage over me—unless,
indeed, my disadvantages are more than made
equal by the truth and justice of the side which
1 have espoused.
After indulging in an expression of his opinion
relative to the conduct of the President, and the
manner in which he has discharged his duties
touching the disturbances in Kansas, my col-
league presents a very partial view of the cause
which produced those disturbances. It is not in-
cumbent upon me to attempt, in this place, to reply
either to his opinions of the President, or to nis
impressions of the occurrences in Kansas—both
his opinions and impressions, I am sorry to say,
seem to have been produced hy improper excite-
ment, by prejudice, or by an inordinate desire to
build up a sectional party opposed to the national
Democracy of the Union; but, whatever may have
produced them, I will leave them to the opera-
tion of time and facts, and such conscientious
investigation as my colleague may find leisure to
! make in his future public career.
! The President and the Kansas disturbances
having been disposed of by my colleague, to his
entire satisfaction, he in the next place proceeds
to prove, by a tremendous array of historical
facts, that the Congress of the United States pos-
sesses, constitutionally, legally, and necessarily,
complete and sovereign power to legislate for the
local matters and wants of all citizens who may
become residents upon the territory of the Union;
and, moreover, that having this undoubted power,
it is the imperative duty of Congress to exercise'
it immediately for the sole purpose of excluding
all who own slaves, and preventing our fellow-
citizens of the southern States from emigrating to
Kansas, and taking with them their negro ser-
vants—and thus, as he says, preventing the shed-
ding of blood and civil war among tne present
| occupants. The facts adduced to show, or for
| the purpose of showing, that this power is lodged
in the Congress of the.United States, I have desig-.
nated as tremendous, not because of their weight,
but in consequence of the vast space they occupy
in the Globe—I mean the Globe of Mr. John C.
Rives. If the facts, quotations, and occasional
argument of my colleague upon this portion of
the subject are to be estimated by their length,
they may be truly termed tremendous, ana Jis
must be a patient man who will even attempt to
allude to them terialim. I cannot venture upon
