406
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 16,
34th CoNG....l3t Ssss.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Jones, of Iowa.
Senate.
the task; vet I will try to dispose of my colleague 'a ,,
argument" in a plain, brief, and practical manner.
The labors of my colleague to sustain the
important nower which he ciaims for Congress,
consists in' collecting the captions and dates of
the acts that have been passed from time to time,
rivin" to the people of the several Territories a I
form&of territorial government; and he infers, |
from the fact that these acts have been passed . arid
that they have contained, sometimes, provisions
relative "to negro bondage, that Congress has full I
power to legislate for the people of the Territo-
ries •* m nil cases tcftateoeter.' Indeed, my col-
league claims for the General Government, or for
Congress, greater powers thanwe re even dreamed
of by the most ultra Federalist that lived in the
days of the elder Adams. That I may not be
charged with injustice towards him, I will quote
from his published speech:"
" The Government of the United States acquired all tier
right* in" " the Florida* from Spain; m the Louisiana I erri-
torv from France. The tJn ited States  vas the successor of
each ol these. Whatever the onjria&l sovereign oi each ot
these might have done within its Juiuts, while a part ol hid
dominions, might In? done by his successor."
Again, speaking of Louisiana Territory, he
 ays; ,
" It was a part of the dominions of France ; she was its ,
absolute sovereign. Hence the Government of the United i
Htates must have succeeded to the same unrestricted rights; i
and may bold, exercise, and enjoy thein, until she choo6«8 ;
to confer theui on another sovereignty. If France, previous :
to the ct*ssion, could have excluded slavery from Kansas
and Nebraska, this Government may do so now." j
It ■will be seen from these quotations that my
colleague has completely ignored the Constitution
of the Republic, which limits and defines the
power of the Government and Congress over all,
both people and property, persons and things. I
do not feel that it is necessary to comment upon ;
the novel political doctrine of my colleague —its
bare enunciation to all who have read trie Con-
stitution of our country, or who are imbued with
the spirit of our free institutions, is its refutation;
and I atn at a loss to conceive by what process
of reasoning my colleague has persuaded him-
self lhat all the powers possessed by Spain and
France over Florida and Louisiana could be ex-
ercised by the Government of the United States
over both people and property, on their cession,
and during the period they remained as Terri-
tories. Can a monarchy, a despotic Dower, confer
upon our Government, regulated Dy a written j
Constitution, monarchical and despotic powers .
over a Territory, by the mere cession thereof for j
an equivalent? The question seems absurd;
and yet my colleague would appear to give an |
affirmative answer, and to deny the fact that the
Constitution of our country immediately covers
and protects from despotic power the territory and
the people which may be annexed to our Repub- j
lie, either by purchase or by war.
Mr. President, I deny that the five columns of |
references, &c., made by my colleague to the le- I
gislation of Congress on the subject of Territorial '
governments, furnish evidence of that plenary
power which he claims for this body to legislate
for the citizens of the United States who may set-
tle within the Territories—his chronological array |
of the statutes organizing forms of government j
for the citizens of the Territories, serves but
to show the periods at which the National Legisla-
ture answered the wishes, the petitions, or the me-
morials of the people of the several Territories
asking for those forms. But my colleague appears
to have persuaded himself that a compliance, on
the part of Congress, with these wishes or memo-
rials, is a sufficient evidence of its power to do,
here in Washington, all the needful legislation
for the people of the Territories. Now, sir, the
entire history of all the Territories shows that
the Congress of the United States ha3 never as-
sumed the power of interfering with the right, and ,
the exercise of self-government by the citizens
residing in the Territories, and conforming to the i
Constitution and the general laws of the Republic. '
Perhaps, however, I should not say that Congress
has never interfered with this right of self-govern-
ment, for there is a single exception—one that
has entailed embarrassments upon our country,
and which impartial history will point at as one of
the gravest and most dangerous errors which has
so far marked the career of this Heaven-favored
lor.i, I allude to that provision of the law of 1820,
called the Missouri compromise—an interference
uncalled for, unwished for by the people of Mis- ;
souri, or by the citizens of any other Territory—
an assumption of power not given by the Con-
stitution to Congress, either directly or by impli-
cation,and the exercise of which was an infringe-
ment upon the rights which one half the States of ■
the Union had, as joint owners, in the vast ter-j
ritory ceded to this Republic by France—an j
infringement and a wrong of too long standing— j
a usurpation of power too long unacknowledged ,
by the National Legislature—an injury and an i
unconstitutional assumption, unredressed and I
persevered in, until the passage of the Kansas- I
Nebraska bill.
I repeat, Mr. President, the Congress of the |
United States has not attempted to legislate for
the local wants of the people in the Territories,
but has left that legislation to the people them-
selves, even when they were without the usual
form of government prescribed or framed by Con- j
gress on their petitions. And, sir, it is in my j
power to present to the Senate times and circum-
stances when, if Congress had the power and
the right to interfere,it became its imperative duty
to do so, and pass laws for the local government
of the people of the Territory of Iowa. I allude
to the period embraced by the years 1833-'34,
and '35. In 1832 the Indian country, embracing
the lead region of Dubuque, was ceded to the
United States by the Indians claiming it, and the
treaty with them was ratified during the following
session of Congress. Previous to this period the
citizens of the United States were prevented from
settling in the Territory. Some attempted it for
! the purpose of mining, but, on the complaints of
the Indians, the intruders were removed by a
; military force, under the command of the present
able Secretary of War, then a lieutenant in the
United States Army, who performed the delicate
and responsible duty in a manner so appropriate
and conciliatory, that to this day he is held in
grateful remembrance by all the old pioneers then
in that portion of the country. In June, 1833,
Iowa was opened to our citizens, and the indus-
trious miners and farmers were invited to try
: their fortunes in the new region. In a few months,
! the spot on which now stands the beautiful and
prosperous city of Dubuque, and the adjacent hills
and valleys, contained a host of strong, hardy,
and enterprising men. The population, in three
months from the time the country was opened to
the settlers, numbered two or three thousand; and
yet, sir, these citizens were destitute of a form
of government—destitute of a judiciary—destitute
of all law for the punishment of crimes, or for
the regulation of business between man and j
man, save what they themselves made as their
necessities and circumstances demanded, and
which they did make by and through their right j
of self-government as a community of American ,
citizens. _ _ \
On the approval or ratification of the treaty
with the Indians, Congress had neglected to at- !
tach the ceded country, for judicial purposes, to
any adjoining State or Territory where a judi-
ciary existed; and the nearest judicial power con-
sequently refused to take cognizance of crimes
committed in Iowa. There were, at that time,
some bad and desperate men among the people,
who believed that in the absence of a government,
and the restraints of statute law, they could safely
indulge their wayward passions. In their quar-
rels they shed the blood of good and peaceful
citizens; and to insure safety to the well-disposed,
and to punish the criminal, the people resorted
to their inherent right of self-government. They
clected judges, ana the necessary officers to exe-
cute the law. The usual forms for the trial of
the accused were adhered to; the usual punish-
ment awarded to the willful murderer was admin-
istered; and I have never yet heard from any
person who was conversant with the occurrences
in those times, an opinion adverse to the right of
the people to do what they found it necessary to
do for the sake of peace and security. This state
of things continued for two or three years—was
known from one end of the Union to the other—
and yet the Congress of the United States could
not discover that it had any power to legislate for
the local wants of the people of Iowa; and for
the plain reason, as we may veil suppose, that
the power could not be found in the Constitution
which eaoh Senator and Representative hail bound
himself by oath to support, and that it was, there-
fore, among those powers winch remained with
the people. It cannot be shown that Congress,
in a single instance, has imposed upon the people
of a Territory a form of government adverse to
their wishes, their petitions, or their interests.
On the contrary, these forms have been given in
accordance with their wishes, and often upori
their urgent petitions; and always in aid of the
exercise of that very right of self-government
which my colleague denies to them.
It would seem that every Congress which has
been elected since the adoption of the Constitu-
tion has, with a single exception, avoided the
assumption of the power to legislate for the local
wants of the people settled upon the territory of the
Union; and it may also be safely maintained, that
no American citizen, residing in any of the Ter-
ritories, ever believed that the Congress of the
United States possessed the power to regulate
anything more than the disposition of the public
lands and other public property within the bound-
aries of the Territory in which he had fixed his
residence; he never oelieved that Congress had
the power t# regulate him, or to tax him for any
local purpose whatever; to pass laws for the col-
lection of debts, for the punishment of offenses,
for the building of school-houses, &c., &c.; all
powerfor the regulation of these matters he knows
and feels to be in himself—deposited or left with
him by the Constitution of our common country.
Even during what was termed the first grade of
territorial government under the ordinance of
1787, the people residing in the then extensive
Territory of Michigan did not feel that they were
deprived of any of the benefits or rights which
they could have enjoyed from the most free ex-
ercise of self-government which the Constitution
of our country guaranties. Practically they had
all those benefits; for the Governor and judges,
in whom was lodged the legislative power of the
country, made it a rule to conform to the wishes
and wants of the people in the adoption of laws;
and so well satisfied were they with their condi-
tion, that in 1818 or 1819, when they met at De-
troit in mass meeting to consider the expediency
of entering into the second grade of territorial
government, a considerable majority was found
opposed to the measure. When any provision of
law, found in the statutes of any of the States, was
deemed by the people to be necessary for their
well-being, they embodied it in a petition, and
asked its adoption with a certainty of the success
of their application.
A year or two after their first meeting the peo-
ple again assembled at Detroit to consider their
form of government. A debate occurred, which
j extended to considerable length, upon the ques-
! tion, whether they should or should not proceed
to elect a legislative body without the interven-
tion of Congress, or without first memorializing
Congress for a form of government. The ques-
tion was decided by a vote in favor of the latter
course, and on the ground, mainly, that, by ob-
t taining an organic act from Congress, the people
of the Territory would avoid the expense of main-
■ taining their Legislature; a burden which, at that
time, they did not feel willing to assume. But, as
I am well informed, no citizen who took a part
in the debate questioned the right of the people
to proceed without the intervention of Congress.
I might also direct the attention of my colleague
to the history of Oregon, for the purpose of show-
ing him the fallacy of his opinions relative to the
rights and powers of American citizens in the
Territories of the Union, and how widely their
views upon that subject differ from his own. He
will find that the citizens of that Territory had a
law-making power, and the other attributes of
! a government for two or three years before they
asked of Congress an organic act. But the rec-
ords of Congress do not exhibit a resolution or a
speech calling in question this proceeding of the
people of Oregon.
Mr. President, if it be true that American citi-
zens are not deprived of the right of self-govern-
ment by becoming residents in our Territories—
if the Constitution has withheld from Congress
the power to enact laws to regulate their internal,
local, and domestic affairs, and has left that power
