416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
theonly authentic information in relation to the
subject,) and the country be left in ignorance of
what the message is predicated upon.
Now, sir, a few words in regard to the state-
ments made by the Senator from Missouri. [Mr.
Geyer] may not be out of place. ~ He has stated
what his belief is. He has his belief, and I have
mine. I have no objection to an amendment of
the resolution, so as to .make it embrace that por-
tion of the message which refers to the emigrant
aid societies, of which the Senator speaks, at the
North; or in the free States, and their action in
Relation to this Territory. I deem his suggestion
m that respect eminently proper; and I hope the
gentleman from Massachusetts will amend his
resolution,so as to embrace the inquiry suggested
by the Senator from Missouri; or, ifhe doesnot,
I will vote for any resolution which may be
pffered by the honorable Senator from Missouri
.embracing that whole subject.
Sir, I do not agree with him that armed men
have been sent from the free States for the pur-
pose of controlling elections in Kansas. 1 have
never seen any evidence of it; there have been
hardly any allegations of any reliable sort, any-
where, to that effect. That men have gone there
■under the direction of an emigrant aid society, is
very probable; it is no doubt true. I hold that
they had a perfect right to go there. They went
with good motives, as bona Jule settlers of the Ter-
ritory; and, being there, liable to attack, they had
a right to defend themselves, aright to carry arms
with them, and to use those arms; but that they
attempted to control the ballot-box, I have never
seen any proof; and the statement now made by
the honorable Senator is the first intimation that
has come to my ears from any quarter that such
is the fact. I take it to be a back lire against
what is perfectly understood; that is, that there
was an irruption from the State of Missouri for
the purpose of controlling the ballot-box and
preventing a free expression of the public senti-
ment of the people of Kansas. That is my belief;
I entertain it honestly, as I presume the honor-
able Senator entertains his belief; but we differ.
The President lins made grave charges in the
message which he has sent to us. Helms taken
uj)6n himself to charge wrong on both sections
ot the country: on the one hand, on the emigrant
aid societies, or on the people of the free States
generally—for his charge seems to me to be a gen-
eral and a sweeping one—and on the other hand,
against the people uf Missouri, because it is per-
fectly well known to what particular quarter the
charge is directed. The public mind has been
excited "on the question; different opinions pre-
vailin regard to it. The honorable Senator from
Missouri entertains one view, and other Senators
entertain a totally different view. In this state
of the case, is it not proper to direct an inquiry
to the President to send information to us, m order
that we may understand, and that the public and
the country may understand, wheie is the right
of the matter and where is the wrong? At any
rate, let us be put in possession of (lie whole in-
formation on the subject. I confess that it appears
to me somewhat singular that gentlemen should
object to opening any and every source of m- j
formation in order to enable the country to know
precisely what the state of facts is in relation to
this matter.
I do not wish to speak at greater length now
upon the general subject. The occasion will un-
doubtedly arise when it can be debated fully, if
itrequires debate; but I trust tile resolution will
be adopted, and that we shall be put in possession
of some information upon which we can rely. i
Mr. ADAMS. Imovethatthissubjectbepost- !
spoiled tor the present, as the morning hour is past, I
and as it was expected thattheSenatorfrom South I
Carolina would address the Senate on the unfin- 1
isiied business of yesterday. This subject will
evidently consume some time; and I therefore
move to postpone its further consideration for the
present, for the purpose of taking up the unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
Mr. TOLTJEY. Will the Senator consent to
withdraw his motion for a moment?
Mr. ADAMS. Yes, sir.
Mr. T0E7CEY. I hope the Senate will adopt
a resolution of inquiry, m a proper form, calling
for full information to be given to Congress upon
the state of affairs in Kansas. I think that Con-
gress should direct its attention to the questions
February 14.
mee/
<7
that are arising there, and should come to the
support of the Executive in the effort which he
is making to uphold the Constitution and the
laws which have been passed m pursuance of the
Constitution. I approve, in the fullest manner,
the proclamation which the President has issued
and the course which he has pointed out. I say
that in this country, as long as we are living under
a Constitution ana under law, that Constitution
and law should be xiphoid in Kansas, as well as
everywhere else, by the whole power of the coun-
try. But, in order to meet this question fully
and fairly on all sides, I think it is but just and
proper that the Executive should be called upon
to communicate to Congress any information
within his possession; and I therefore renew the
motion which was withdrawn by the Senator from
Mississippi, that the subject be postponed until
to-morrow, forthe purpose of taking up the unfin-
ished business of yesterday.
The PRESIDENT. The motion to postpone
indefinitely must take precedence.
Mr. CLAY. I withdraw it at the instance of
my friend from Connecticut.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent, the yeas and nays having been ordered.
There being no objection, the motion to post-
pone indefinitely was withdrawn.
Mr. "WILSON. I hope the Senate will unani-
mously agree to let the matter go over until to-
morrow. I am certainly willing to have this
resolution assume any shape that may be satis-
factory to gentlemen, so as to obtain the informa-
tion sought for; I am perfectly willing that the
matter shall be passed over until to-morrow.
The motion to postpone until to-monow was
agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns, it be to
on Monday next.
PROCEEDINGS OF TH"E NAVAL UOAUD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution submitted by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
011 the 19 th of December last, which had been
amended, on his motion, to read as follows:
It.'lo/rfv/. That the Secretary of the Navy bo directed to
communicate to the Senate a copv of the report made to
lies Department bv the board of naval otficeK convened at
Wellington, in pursuance of an act appioved Fcbvuaiy 2R,
1835, entitled '-An act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy," and of the record, journal, or other papers accom-
panying saidiepoit; ot,in the absence ot'Mlcti paper.-*, tli.it
lie fmtSici inform the Senate whether the eaiKe* for which
otlieeirf of the Navy were recommended try that boaid to
be difcmi-sed or retired accompanied that repoit, or were
otherwise made known in writing to the Depaitment; and.
if so, that he communicate to the Senate a cony of the
same.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I would have
much preferred to go on and give my views yes-
terday evening, if time had been allowed mc;'but
us the subject was then specially postponed until
to-day, peihaps a duty has devolved 011 me which
[ had not at first proposed to myself to undertake.
I do not know now that I shall speak directly to
the resolution of my friend from Tennessee; but
as tlite debate lias assumed quite an enlarged char-
acter, I must allude to some of the opinions which
have been expressed to us from very responsible
anil honorable sources. I consider it proper also
that I should speak as to the character of this
board, its proceedings, the President's action
under the law in question, and the remedies to
which Ave must look, if wiong has been done, ill
order to redress it.
Before I approach any one of these important
topics, involving, in my opinion, very crave con-
stitutional questions, I must do myself justice in
relation to the passage of this law, and do justice
to some of the members of the naval board. 1
did not vote for the law; I am satisfied now that
1 was opposed to it. Whether I was in the Senate
Chamber at the time the vote was taken, I do not
know. I know I must take my share of the re-
sponsibility for this law; for, whilst it did not
receive the sanction of my judgment, it ought to
have received at least the notice of my opposition.
I am free to say that; but here, sir, in limine, it
is my duty to do justice to one of the members,
and a prominent member, of the board. If my
judgment was influenced at all in relation to the
law, to which I was decidedly opposed, it was an
opposition which I acquired in a conversation
with Commodore Sliubvick. I wish now to say,
for that gallant, honorable, and trustworthy gen-
tleman, that he was placed on the board against
his consent, and with the perfect understanding
that he was opposed to the law under which the
board was organized. How far the remark may
be applied to others, 1 know not.
In this connection, too, I must be permitted to
say that, whilst it is my duty (but no further, I
hope, than it is the duty of every Senator having
regard to justice) to maintain, as far as I can,
the rights of my constituents who have been de-
graded and disfranchised, it would not become
me—even in that effort to do justice to them—by
any remarks of mine, to do injustice to others.
Three members of the board were constituents
of nune, from South Carolina, and, I tlunk, six
of my constituents have been removed by their
judgment, or at least by the judgment of the tri-
bunal of which they formed a part.
Sir, after a very careful inquiry, I am satisfied
that—although the board has been denounced for
exercising a jurisdiction which was not conferred
upon it, or for abusing; a jurisdiction which was
conferred—the legislative department should take
the first share of the blame. Why ? Because
they have given this statutory jurisdiction to a
tribunal unknown m the history of England or
of this country. When we are speaking of others
who have abused their trust and jurisdiction, we
should take the first share of censure on ourselves,
for having countenanced and created a tribunal
utterly at war with the Constitution and the laws
of this country, and, I believe, unknown in any
country professing to be governed by the common
law of England. Sir, as far as I can learn, in
England the Crown dare not—even the omnip-
otence of Parliament dare not—undertake to ex-
ercise the power of disfranchising or degrading
an officer in the Navy, unless the ifacts on which
the judgment is to be formed aie submitted to the
Admiralty, and through them submitted to the
Cro\vn. As far as I understand the rules of other
fore^Pn services, when an officer has so grossly
misbehaved as not to deserve a trial by court-
martial, or an investigation by a court of inquiry,
the facts stated against the officer are sealed up,
sent to the proper department, and submitted to
the Crown.
But, sir, look at the jurisdiction of this board.
The President of the United States has a juris-
diction representing the interests and the rights
of the humblest citizen, and every citizen, in the
United States of America; but fifteen gentlemen
have had delegated to them a jurisdiction which
belongs alone and exclusively to the Chief Magis-
trate. What is the jurisdiction of this board?
If I may bo allowed to characterize it—I do not
speak of its members, for, individually and per-
sonally, I have a high regard for them; 1 speak
of them officially—it is a jurisdiction most anom-
alous and odious to me, who have inherited, in
some measure, by my education, the principles
of Magna Charta, as inculcated by the common
law. It is the most odious tribunal that has ever
been instituted in this or any country. It is a
tribunal having a jurisdiction to be prosecutors,
witnesses, and judges. Its members, locked up
111 a room, are the prosecutors of their comrades,
they are the witnesses against them, and they
pronounce judgment under their own indictment,
| and upon their own evidence. Is not that true?
1 venture to say that there is no instance to be
found in England or America of any such
tribunal; and 1 take my share of the blame for
haying put such a one into existence, capable of
doing—I will not say they have done it—so much
wrong.
TV ell, sir, if this be the case, I ask the ques-
tion, (and let gentlemen who undertake to vindi-
cate and maintain this jurisdiction answer it,) has
the President adopted the opinion of this dele-
gated authority, or has he formed his own judg-
ment 011 the facts submitted to his own mind?
If the President has taken the opinion of this
delegated jurisdiction, and has swallowed it with-
out examination, or rather has taken it, and made
it his own, without examination, 011 his official
responsibility, it is against the Constitution of the
United States; for he is alone the one to represent
the people of tlys country, and to represent the
Navy. The President is a trustee, and the com-
mission which he confers to each naval officer
runs in this way: " Reposing special confidence
I in your valor, patriotism, fidelity, and ability, I
