2016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 9.
is your own right arm to defend yourself. Then
the end has come, and then all our cherished de-
votion to the Constitution and the Union will avail
us nothing; we of the South shall be left to de-
fend ourselves, our own firesides, our own house-
hold gods, our wives, and our daughters—we
shall be left single and alone to stem the fearful
tide. Fearful as this may be, we will stand by
them and die by them.
Now, Mr. President, one word and I have
done. I do not know that I shall ever address
the Senate again on this subject. I do not care
ever to do so, I think it likely that the days of my
political existence are numbered. This has no
terror to me. I shall die as I have lived, however
deluded I may be or may hove been, honest and
sincere in the convictions which I entertain; and
1 do not know that I can hotter close this address
than by reading a sentiment from that immortal
patriot and sage who now sleeps quietly beneath
the soil of Marshfield. I conclude what I have
to say, as an ovation, dedicated to him as an evi-
dence of my willingness to stand by the Union,
to live by it as long as I can m honor; and when
honor is to be maintained, there is no sacrifice, in
my judgment, too great to be made. I conclude,
therefore, with an extract from that inimitable
speech of Mr. Webster, m which he said: "While
the Union lasts, we have high, exciting, gratify-
ing prospects spiead out before us, for us and
our children, beyond that I seek not to pene-
trate the vail. God grant, in my day at least,
that curtain may not rise! God grant that on my
vision never may be opened what lies behind!
"When my ryes shall be turned to behold, foi the
last time, the sun in heaven, may 1 not see him
shining on the broken and dishonored fragments
of a once glorious Union—on Stan s disxeveied,
discordant, belligerent—on a land rent with e,mi
feuds, or drenched, it may be, m fraternal blood.
Let their last feeble and lingering glance rather
behold the gorgeous ensign of the Republic, now
known and honored throughout the eai(h, still
full high advanced, its arms and trophies stream-
ing in their original luster, not a stupe eiased oi
polluted, nor a single star obscured, bearing for
its motto no such miserable interrogatories us
1 What u all thU worth nor those other words
of delusion and folly, 'Liberty first and Union
afterwardsbut everywhere, spread all over in
characters of living light, blazing on all its ample
folds as they float over the sea and over the land,
and in every wind under the whole heavens, that
other sentiment, dear to every American heait,
LlBhRTY A YD UNION, NOIV AM) I- ORL > I.U,
AND INSEIUKAJJLIS ! "
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, when 1 had the
floor on Thursday evening, with a view to
address the Senate on the condition of allans m
Kansas, it was understood, m yielding my right
on that occasion, that 1 should have this oppoi-
tunity to discharge that duty. I understand,
however, that the honorable, Senator from Ten-
nessee, the colleague of the Senator who has just
concluded his long and able address, desires an
opportunity for a brief reply. Upon such an
appeal as that, I fee! myself obliged to yield to
him; but 1 shall expect an opportunity to present
my views upon that subject after that honoiahle
Senator shall have concluded his remarks.
Mr. TJ IOMPSON, of Kentucky. J rise merely
to say that 1 shall, on the first opportunity I can
£jet, reply ro the remaiks of the gentleman from
Tennessee on the Monroe do< tune, and Walkej,
and fihbnsterism. I shall not detain the Senate
by doing so this evening. As to the explanation
which he has made of matters personal to him-
self, explaining his own conduct as a gentleman
and a Senator, I have nothing to say, and 1 have
no objection to make to it. Whatever he thinks
is proper in that respect, I admit that he thinks
and feels m all integrity, honor, and piopriety.
I shall desire, however, hereafter, if i can get
the oppoi turnty, to reply to huu on the iwo points
which I have named, and also m retl renee to the
connection of George,Kremer and the history of
the bargain and intrigue chaige of 18;M. 1 shall
not say nay thing personal to the gentleman fiom
lennessee. My object is (o speak of these mat-
teis -a connection with the coming canvass. 1
shall do so as soon as 1 can get a chance, at some
time when { can catch the Senate at ease to listen
to me without interfering with legislation.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I beg to assure my
friend from Vermont, who has kindly yielded me
the floor, that I mean to occupy but few moments
of time. I feel myself called upon, imperatively,
after the very elaboi ate exposition by my honor-
able colleague, of his views and sentiments, to
make a few remarks m relation to my own posi-
tion.
I must say, in justice to rny honorable col-
league, that his course has been very forbearing
towards myself, considering the sentiments which
he entertains upon some points, in opposition to
those which he is well aware are entertained by
me. I have a just appreciation of his course in
this respect, and I have not one word to say that
can be considered personally unkind to him. I
have made no public exposition ordeclaration of
my views, or of the position which 1 occupy in
relation to the political parties which are now
competing for the executive power of the Gov-
ernment. After my colleague's speech, explain-
ing and defining his position on that subject, I
know that my friends at a distance would natu-
rally expect and desire some explanation from
my own hps of the reasons which influenced me,
if 1 should be altogether silent, and make no
response to his remarks.
I say, Mr. President, in the first place, that I
concur in every patriotic sentiment uttered by
my colleague. I appreciate, as he does, the dif-
ficulties in which the country is now placed.
I see and feel the full extent of the dangers in
the political condition of the country. They have
been the subject of my meditations and earnest
thoughts during the whole session. I have noth-
ing to object to the high and patriotic sentiments
which my colleague has expressed with reference
to what should be the moving motive and ruling
principle of every man who loves his country,
and desires to preserve tiic Constitution and the
Union. Although my colleague has opened the
door to a discussion on every question connected
with the present condition of the country—on
some of which, as he has frankly stated, he and
I dilfer diametrically—I do not think it proper on
this occasion, or in fact on any other which I
presume is likely to arise in the Senate, to enter
into any discussion or controversy with him, on
any point iu regard to which we differ. As to
many of the suggestions made, and doctrines ad-
vanced by him, there is no difference between us.
I think I may, without impropriety, say, that
I too go for my country, for the preservation of
the Constitution and the Union, i seek, like-
wise, to pieserve both upon high and honorable
and eonsei vative piincipies. On this point I am
ready to go as far as he who goes furthest. The
only dillerence between my colleague and myself
is, thnt we have, as lie has stated, on one ques-
tion ditlered as to the best mode of preserving the
peace and harmony of the Union. He has frankly
said that he found no fault with me, or any of his
colleagues m the ilouse, or any southern gentle-
man who diU'eicd from him on that question; and
I think he will say that he has never heard from
me the utterame of a syllable in the way of un-
kind or personal censure against himself or any
of my colleagues, who supported the Kansas-
Nebraska act.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Certainly not.
Mr. HELL, of Tennessee. Sir, that was a great
question. If there was any point in the character
of that great man, (Mr. Clay,) alluded to to-day
by my colleague m such feeling and eloquent
terms, which shone above all others, and secured
for him the homage of the public, it was the
boldness with which he took his position on all
questions, and always uttered what he thought,
no matter who impugned his course; no matter
whether public clamor was likely to arise against
him or not, as it sometimes did. 1 aspire to no
such boldness of character; but that,! take it,
was the pomtwhieh mostattracted the admiration
of the American people. No matter who thought
pioper to differ from him—even his own friends
and political associates—he was ready, on all
occasions, to act upon his own convictions and
sentiments on any question which concerned the
viral interests of the country.
_ My colleague has availed himself of this occa-
sion to express his opinions on numerous matters
and questions that concern his own course. I take
no exception to that. Many of my friends will
probably expect me to respond fully to every
point on which he and I may be supposed to
differ; but I repeat, that 1 do not consider this a
proper occasion to enter into any controversy or
argument with my colleague. 1 think such con-
troversies between colleagues, of all otheis, the
least desirable, the least becoming, the least prof-
itable, and,- upon the whole, such as 1 would
most avoid.
My colleague has asked pertinently, and in a
manner which could not but command the atten-
tion of his hearers, what personal interest could
he have in supporting the nominee of the Demo-
cratic party? In solving the question for his own
satisfaction, "where he should go with the best
prospect of serving his country, under the cir-
cumstances which he has detailed," he has well
asked what profit he could expect to derive from
taking the course which he has thought proper
to indicate ? I will ask my countrymen at home,
and my colleague, what profit can I derive from
continuing in the position that I occupy in rela-
tion to the American party ? I am not a mem-
ber of the American party. I have never come
under any imperative obligations to support the
principles which they have avowed in their plat-
forms, early or late. I am put under the ban by
the original policy of that party, and I suppose
that policy has not been changed. I can have
no hope, I can expect no advancement from the
support of that party; but I think it due to them
that I should say, on this occasion, that I have
not seen sufficient reasons for changing the posi-
tion I assumed when I gave it my support last
summer, though I differed from them m some
points of doctrine and policy. I shall support
the election of Millard Fillmore. I am sony that
I have been led to make even this declaration in
the Senate, implying, as it does, that 1 attach
some more importance to my course than it pos-
sesses; though I find no fault with my colleague in
bringing the subject before the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There was cer-
tainly nothing further from my intentions than to
provoke my colleague.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I believe it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Any other Sen-
ator might just as well suppose that he was pro-
voked into a reply. I was simply stating my
own position—nothing more. I stated distinctly
that, though my colleague and myself differed, I
never made any issue with him, and I believe he
never made any issue with me. For this reason,
I do not sec that my speech has anything to do
with his position.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. As a represent-
ative of the State of Tennessee, it is naturally
expected of me, after the position taken by my
colleague in relation to the American party, and
the fell explanations which he has given of the
reasons which influence his course, that I should
at least declare whether I intend to support that
party or not, or whether I concur in the senti-
ments of my colleague. 1 think this much is
incumbent on me. He will excuse me, therefore,
for stating the position which ( occupy.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Certainly.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, Last summer I
assumed the position that, although I could not
agree with the Ameiican party in the extent to
which they proposed to go in molding the policy
of this Government in certain respects, if they
should obtain power, 1 thought they formed a
germ—a nucleus, around which a great national
conservative party might be arranged, which
would tend to protect all the great interests of the
cou ntry.
When I can see things in the light that my col-
league does, J shall act as he propores to do.
When 1 can see and believe that the interests of
this country, the preservation of the Constitu-
tion and the Union, lequire me to change my
position in relation to the parties now contending
for power, I shall feel myself at liberty to do so.
I am bound by no party ties; there are no obliga-
tions resting on me superior to those I am under
to go for my country. I owe something to the
rank and file of the old Whig party, who have
supported me faithfully for the last twenty-five
years—I mean my constituents of Tennessee. I
should with great reluctance separate myself from
them My colleague has acknowledged the pain
he feels in separating himself from them. 1 ac-
knowledge the obligations which the duty of grat-
itude imposes upon me; but whenever an exigency
