1142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
the House a resolution of their own, they are then
attempting more than belongs to their position.
When they have reported to the House that they
are unable to agree, they have then reached the
extent of their duties. They are then functus
officio—they have performed their full duty. And
when they attempt to put on to that report of fact
a resolution which contemplates parliamentary
action, I say they are going outside their duty as
<i committee, and they have no higher privilege
to present such a resolution, based upon what
look place in the committee of conference, than I
have as a member of the House. The decision
of the Chair, therefore, must be clearly erroneous;
and especially so when he attempts to sanction
the report of the committee, proposing parlia-
mentary action, with the declaration that it
-formed a legitimate part of the report, and is not
amendable. Sir, it is an attempt upon the part
of the committee to presen^this proposition upon
the basis of what they did m committee.
Sir, I might have presented—any member of
the House might have presented—a proposition
that the House adhere to its disagreement. But
it would have been no part of what the committee
of conference did. What is the duty of a com-
mittee of conference ? It is to report what they
did. This committee came here and reported
what they did—to wit: that they could not agree.
That is the end of their duties. They have 110
right to come in with another report based upon
what the committee did. And the decision of
the Chair that they have such a right, is laying
down a precedent in parliamentary law that is
not established either by reason or law. I appeal
from that decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will stato that he
has already made the distinction to which the
gentleman alludes. The Chair does not under-
take to decide that the report of the committee
is exactly in accordance with the duty of the
committeo. He has already st|ted that if, in the
opinion of the House, the committee has ex-
ceeded its duties, it is the duty of the House to
recommit the report to the committee. But the
universal practice has been to regard the report
of a committee of conference as not amendable.
And, considering the high privilege of such
reports, superseding all the other business of the
House, the Chair dislikes exceedingly to estab-
lish a precedent which may hereafter lead to very
grave and serious difficulties, by ruling that,
under any circumstances, a report of a committee
of conference may be amended or divided.
But the Chair decides the question raised by
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Cling-
man] upon a very different point. He decides
that a motion that the House recede from its dis-
agreement to the amendments of the Senate to
the deficiency bill is out of order, upon the ground
that those amendments are not before the body.
From tjiis decision the gentleman from Kentucky
takes an impeal.
Mr. PHELPS. Upon the question of order
which is now presented, I desire to say a very
few words. I concur in the opinion of the Chair,
that the report of a committee of conference is
not divisible, nor subject to amendment; but I
deny that this is a report of a committee of con-
ference. The managers of the committee of con-
ference upon the part of this House have reported
that they were unable to agree. So far it is very
well; but, sir, the report of a committee of- con-
ference embraces in it propositions recommended
by the managers upon the part of both Houses,
for the action of their respective bodies. If you
will examine the reports of committees of confer-
ence for the last two years—and I have had
something to do in relation to them—you will
find that these reports are signed by the members
of the committeo, or such of them as concurred
in the recommendation made by the committee,
and that they are spread upon the Journals of
the respective Houses. I now hold in my hand
the Journal of this" House for the first session of
the last Congress; and 1 find, upon turning to a
report of the committee of conference upon one
of the appropriation bills, that it was signed by
the managers of the committee upon the part of
both Houses, before it was presented for the
action of this House.
I say, then, that the report which is now pre-
sented here is not a report of a committee of con-
ference, any more than the remark mads b'y my
friend from Georgia last week, announcing that
the first committee were unable to agree, was a
report of that committee. The report of a com-
mittee of conference relates to matters in contro-
versy, matters unadjusted between the respective
bodies. It contains in itself the basis which, if
adopted by the two Houses, becomes a part of
the text of the original bill. The committee upon
the part of the House could not of itself report
that the House ought to recede from certain
amendments, and insist upon others. But, sir,
here is a resolution declaring that the House will
adhere to its disagreement upon all these amend-
ments, reported and signed only by the managers
of the committee upon the part of the House. I
say, therefore, again, that this is not a report of a
committee of conference in any parliamentary
sense. If you will examine all the other cases—
all the other precedents where committees of con-
ference have been appointed within the last six
years—you will find that they are uniformly
signed by the managers upon the part of both
Houses, and spread upon the Journals of the re-
spective Houses. For these reasons 1 am com-
pelled to differ from the Speaker in the position
lie has taken.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Speaker, I have a word
or two to submit on the question of order. I be-
lieve it is plain that the report of the committee
of conference cannot be amended; yet I think
that the Chair has fallen into an error in applying
that principle to the pending proposition. The
House cannot correct or amend a report of a
committee of conference, because it would be
plainly inconsistent to give information to that
committee who are in the act of giving informa-
tion to us. "We take their report—we take their
information, for, from the very nature of the case,
it is information which they only can give us.
But, sir, when the committee advise the House
to adopt a resolution, that is no part of the re-
port which, in the discharge of their duties, they
have to make to us.
I differ from my friends from Kentucky and
Missouri m the opinion that the committee of
conference went beyond their duty in reporting
or advising this resolution. I do not think that
they went beyond their duty.
Mr. MARSHALL. I do not pretend to say
that they wont beyond their duty; I merely saiu
that the part of their duty which they performed
has no sanctity under the rules—it is not a part
of the report.
Mr. MILLSON. It is a part of the report.
They may as well report by resolution, by way
of advice -to the House, as to report what they
have done. The Chair, I trust, will see the dif-
ference between the two cases when I suggest that
the report of the committee as to what they have
been doing is their act; the resolution is the act
of the House. They do not adopt the resolution.
The resolution they rccommcnd is no part of the
act of the committee; if adopted, it is to be our
resolution. They advise the House to adopt the
resolution; butitis noresolutionuntilitisadopted
by the House. It is no part of their proceeding,
no part of their act; and clearly, therefore, the
House in listening to their advice may adopt the
resolution, or modify it, or reject it, at its pleas-
ure.
II would place the House in an awkward posi-
tion either to adopt or rejcct that resolution. For
one, I am not willing either to adopt or reject it.
I should prefer to continue the effort to agree by
having a further conference. I am not willing to
recede from our disagreement to those amend-
ments; and I do not want to place the Senate under
the impression that we are about to accede to their
amendments, because of our unwillingness to
adopt the resolution reported by the committee.
But, sir, in tiie single point now before the com-
mittee, it seems to me all difficulty will be removed,
if it be considered that the resolution is no act of"
the committee, but that it is recommended to us
for our adoption. It is competent for us, then,
either to modify or amend it as we may deem
best.
The SPEAKER. By a reference to the Jour-
nal, and the manner in which the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio is stated, the Chair is of the
opinion that the report of the committee of con-
ference is to be confined to the disagreement be-
tween the two Houses, and that the pending res-
olution offere'dby the gentleman from New Ytfrk
is tobe considered apart from that report. It is so
ente.-ed on the Journal; and the Chair fell into an
error in connecting both branches of the propo-
sition. The Chair is of opinion that the motion
of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman,] to recede from the disagreement of
the House to the amendments of the Senate, is not
in order, inasmuch as those amendments are not
now before the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table. It seems to have come in some-
what irregularly.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the gen-
tleman will withdraw his motion for a moment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will, if the gentleman
will renew the motion.
Mr. WASHBURN. I will.
Mr. COVODE. But have I not the floor, and
how can it be taken from mo?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the floor
on the general question.-
Mr. WASHBURN. I wish to understand
what will be the effect if we lay the resolution
on the table. If 1 am correct it will bring up next
in order the request of the Senate for another
committee of conference. If so, then I shall be
in favor of the motion to lay on the table. In
that way I believe that we can get at the question
directly without spending time unprofitably; and,
besides, while I am opposed, and I think the
House is opposed, to concurring in the amend-
ments of the Senate now in controversy—while
I believe that opposition will be unalterable, yet
the Senate have said to us that they desire another
conference, and we ought not to say that they will
not recede. We ought not to take the responsi-
bility of throwing away this deficiency bill to go
cuter the same ground again so long as the Senate
wSk for another conference, and there is a possi-
bility, antLperhaps a probability, of their receding
from their amendments. 1 think it is our duty to
give them the opportunity, and that there should
be another committee of conference. I will say
that in no possible contingency can I vote for the
amendments disagreed to. I move to lay the res-
olution on the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
floor to make the motion. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Speaker, I discover, by
the arguments of the gentleman from North Car-
olina, that he is in error in regard to the manner
in which the company now applying for a charter
contemplates to supply the city of Washington
with water. He seems to think that the com-
pany look on Rock creek as the sole means of
supply. It is not so. It proposes to use the
water of that creek—and it is the purest stream—
while there is a supply of water there; but in the
event of a deficiency—which is looked to and
provided against—it is contemplated to supply
that deficiency from the Potomac.
There is another point connected with the
subject of these water-works that gentleman
do not seem to understand. The Government
has not secured the right to the water at the Great
Falls. I undertook, on a previous occasion, to
show this, but did not get through in the time
allowed me. The Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Company has the right to all the water they may
want for their purposes. Then there is a mill
company that has the control of the water at the
Great Falls of the Potomac. Yet, the Govern-
ment is going on at great expense to construct
works entirely dependent on that water. That
company is lying behind ready to tax the Gov-
ernment anything it chooses for the use of that
water. So it is, also, with regard to the property
fixed on for the basin on Georgetown heights.
The engineer has not taken the. precaution to
secure that property for the Government. An-
other company has purchased that property, and
I understand that they hold it at $1,000 per acre.
The engineer, m my opinion, has made a great
mistake. He has led Congress along blind-
folded, in making appropriations to supply the
Government and the city of Washington with
water, without showing all the difficulties.
The amount of water which it is proposed to
supply the city with, shows that it is one of the
wildest schemes I ever knew introduced into Con-
gress. The amount contemplated by the arrange-
ment is six times as great as the whole consump-
tion df the city of Philadelphia. Philadelphia,
