THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, AUGUST 12, 1856.
New Series No. 127.
shall arise, of such a character as to demand the
sundering of the strongest party ties, the longest
friendships, and a separation from those for whose
support I should ever feel grateful, I shall feel
bound to do so. 1 do not perceive any such cir-
cumstances to exist at the present time.
I have stated that it is my intention to support
Mr. Fillmore, but I have no particular desire or
wish to promote his individual interests. He
stands, in regard to that, like every other man in
the country. As long as I suppose, according to
the admission of my colleague, that if he has the
fortune to obtain power, he will be a conservative
and national administrator of the Government, I
feel myself entirely free to give him my support.
If I shall come to the conclusion that he only in-
terposes an obstacle to the success of some other
man, into whose hands the reins of Government
could with equal safety bo consigned, for the
preservation of the peace and the harmony of the
Union, I shall not hesitate to change my position;
but I must repeat, that I do not perceive any suf-
ficient reason for doing so now.
Mr. FOOT. 1 move to postpone until Monday
the consideration of the resolution now before the
Senate, with a view to take up another resolution
on which my remarks will be more appropriate.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 468)
providing an increase of pension to Daniel Waldo,
of Onondaga county, New York; a bill (H. R.
No. 390) foi the relief of Antoine Robedeau; a
bill (H. R. No. 377) for the relief of Aimer
Dickson, a soldier of the war of 1812; a bill (It.
R. No. 373) for the relief of John Connolly, lute
a private ill company A, sixth infantry, United
States Army.
Also, that they had agreed to some, and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 71) making appropriations for
the current and contingent expenses of the Indian
Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes for the year ending
June 30, 1857; and concurred m others with
amendments.
Also, that the House agreed to the amendment
of the Senate to the hill (H. R. No. ;?,3d) grant-
ing a pension to Ansel Wilkinson.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution of inquiry submitted by-
Mr. Wilson, calling for information in relation
to the disturbances in Kansas Territory.
Mr. FOOT addiessed the Senate at length.
His speech will be published in the Appendix.
The further consideration of the subject was
postponed to Monday.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills of the House of Repre-
sentatives were read twice by tboir titles, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions:
A bill for the relief of Antoine Robedeau;
A bill for the relief of Rudolph Kirshmall;
A bill providing an increase of pension to
Daniel Waldo, of Onondaga county, New York;
A bill for the relief of Abner Dickson, a soldier
of the war of 1832; and
A bill for the relief of John Connolly, late a
private in company A, sixth infantry, United
States Army.
The bill making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
ment, aud for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
certain Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1857, with the action of the House on the
amendments of the Senate, was referred to the
Committee on Finance,
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
An act for'the relief of J. R, Powell; and
An act to construe the act entitled " An act for
the relief of James M. Goggin," approved July
27,1854.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate
adjourned.
IN#SENATE.
Monday, August 11, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Hejtry C. Dean.
The Journal of Saturday was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
: Senate a report of the Secietary of War, com-
| municating, m compliance with a resolution of
| the Senate, information m lelation to the improve-
1 ment of the roads connecting West Point with
j the mtenorof the country lying westward thereof;
: which was read, and referred" to the Committee
| on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed,
j PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
| Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
i William Mason, and others, heirs and le^al rep-
j resontatives of John Lou), praying for compensa-
j tionibr his services usasvanuinm the Navy duiing
! the revolutionary v/ar; which was referred to the
I Committee on Chums.
! Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Tobias
| Martin, a settler upon lands in Florida,under the
, armed occupation act, praying to be indemnified
j for the loss of his hind in consequence of its being
! embiaced in a military reservation; which was 1
referred to the Commuter on Pi mite Land Claims. |
Mr. SEBASTIAN piesented a petition of cili- j
zens of Pike county, Arkansas, praying for the j
establishment of a moil loute from Hot Springs, j
Arkansas, to Pans, in Texas; which was re- j
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AXD R CP ERRED.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered* Tiut A. J. Atocha have leave to withdraw hi.s
petition ami paper--.
On motion of Mr. WELLEll, it was
Oi-lcrcd. That the petition of John Brown, on the files
of the tfCTidtf. be lelem-d to {h * (JounmUee n/i Ci.uni.-.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial o! John M. Stanley. p o-
po>iii<r to t-e!l Jiii, gallery of Indian paintings b<i witndnm n
from the files of the Senate, arid retorted to the Committee
on the Libiary.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
0'\h're<', That tiie memonal of Seth M, Leavenworth,
on the files of the Senate, he retired to the Committee on
the Post Oiliee and Post ito.uL
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN NEW YORK.
, Mr. FISH submitted the following resolution;
! which was considered by unanimous consent,
; and agreed to:
i llc.oh'ody That the SeCi e,?:i rv of the interior ho M^rrm'ted
to communicate to the :>ate a!! piop'eal- that b.tv e been
i made for the ?,aieo< land, in the ei;\oi ,\row York, fot a site
J ofapn-4 ojlic* and coin i-hott^t, hurcthei with oilman-, of
I tiie piohaiil" en; i of the   .i.y i.uildiiiL'S and lu^opnuon
i a< to the eliL'ibdty ofihe - evei.'Kuc-., ami an \ other niforma-
| lion on the subject w Ineti he may think proper to commu-
i meate.
; PER DI75M OF SENATORS.
[ Mr. SEWARD. I bug leave to oiler a rosolu-
( tion, one customarily passed at this stage of the
j session; and I ask for its considers tion now:
[ Resolved, That th" Secr< tny o*' the Senate pay. nndt
' the direction of the President of the Senate. the u-ual per
! diem to such {Senators a^ did not tas;e tin n seats at tiie open-
j j ir of the so "Oon. in n-.boii of tfiekne.,. of lliem-elvet, or
• families, piovidential causes, oi in ci^sarv business,
i The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
RIGHTS OF KEUTRAXS.
Mr. MASON. I offer the following resolution
' calling for information, and I ask that it may be
| considered at once :
'< Resolved, Thai the President be requeued to inform the
I Senate, if it be not m lu< opinion moon&isif nf with the public
I inft*rest, whether the Hhnopyan i'v,v,erw wi.ieh vm<  lepre-
sented at the late Congress of Plenipotentiaries assembled
at 1 ans, or any of them, have eommumeated to this Govern-
ment the proceedings of that body in relation to neutral
rights, with a view to obtain iU concurrence therein, and
what m easures, it any, have been taken on the part of the
United fetates on that subject.
I think it important to bring it to the attention
of the country, because it is upon a very import-
ant subject of public pohcy, and it is desirable,
in mv judgment, that it should go before the
American people at as early a day as practicable,
that they may know what the policyof the Gov-
ernment is on tho subject of these neutral rela-
tions. It may be remembered, that at the late
Congress assembled at Paris of embassadors from
the three belligerent Powers, with the represent-
atives of Austria and Prussia, they established
four propositions relating to maritime relations
and maritime law, which should govern bellig-
erents and neutrals, and which I have here and
will read. The first is:
i. " Pnvatenmsi.*, and lemams, abolished."
•} *l Tiie neuti.d fl.io; coveis enemy's goods, with the
cveepfion oi euntiabatid of war.'5
y. " iVeutial goodd, with the exception of contraband of
wat, tue not liable to capture uiidei the enemy's flag. "
•1. *k Blockaded in onier to be binding must be effective j
that n to say. maintained by a foice sufficient really to pre-
vent acce-s to the eoast of "theeucmy."
We have been informed that these four prop-
ositions have been communicated to all the prin-
cipal Powers of flic world, and amongst them to
the United States, and their concurrence invited.
The object of the resolution is to learn from the
President (if the public interests will admit of its
disclosure) what measures have been adopted by
! the American Government oil those propositions.
| It shuck me as* somewhat remarkable that
the Powers thus assembled in congress at Paris,
1 should present as new questions to the Govern-
! ment of tho United States, the second, third, and
j fourth of their propositions, because the history
J of the country shows that it has been the great
j object of tho {Tinted States, since the foundation
j of tho Government, to obtain the concurrence of
j the Powers of Europe in the second and third
I propositions, usually embraced in the curt phrase
: —that free ships should make free goods, but
j now presented to the United States as if it were
j a proposition originating with those Powers.
! It is known to the country that, at the com-
mencement of the late war between Russia on
the one side, and England and Prance on the
other, the United States, desirous of preserving
a neutral attitude, presented to the belligerents
propositions for conventions with them, estab-
lishing these three hitter propositions. They
were accepted by Russia; but on the part of Eng-
land and France, although it was agreed by them
to conform to the stipulations contained in them,
yet it was further stipulated that they should so
conform only so long as it should be their pleas-
ure so to do.
Now they are presented to this country, coupled
with the first proposition, which is, thats< priva-
teering shall be and remain abolished." It is on
that subject that 1 wish moie particularly to say
a few words, because it was understood, from the
protocols that were published after the congress
adjourned, that these great Powers thus assem-
bled in France, intended to present, and as 1 am
informed, have presented these four propositions
to the United States as propositions indivisible,*
that is to say, they must accept all or none.
Now, sir, this matter of abolishing privateer-
ing has latterly been a subject much chscussed in
public journals and the practice treated by many
of them in terms of reprobation believed to be
just. I want to call the attention of the Senate
and the country to the fact, that this proposition
for abolishing all private tear on the ocean — the
only sound and healthful form in which the prop-
osition could be made—whether by public or pri-
vate armed ships, was a policy w&ich originated
with this Government, and was communicated by
Dr. Franklin when he was our Minister abroad,
to the Powers in Europe so early as the year 1783.
I hold m my hand an extract from the instruc-
tions gived by Idr. John Clumcy Adams to Mr
12?
