1896.)
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
40t
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Jones, of Iowa.
Senate.
wHh the people, then the Kansaa-Nebra«ka act is
n just and necessary law, whatever may be the
rwsuit of its passage to the country—to "the able
and patriotic men who hare taken the lead in
bnnciror " forward,and supporting its principles
—or 10 those, whatever may be their object, who
hare wssr>'ti w ar against it. Having passed many
r-ars of my life in the Territories of the Union,
long ago adopted the principles of that act; and
cannot sufficiently express my astonishment that
my colleague, who has been favored with oppor-
tunities to discover the impracticability, not to
say impossibility, of a practical demonstration
of his doctrines against those principles, should
have deemed it incumbent noon him to present
views to this honorable body so hostile to the
spirit of our free institutions, and so much opposed
to the sentiments of the liberal people of the State
we represent.
Mr. President, there is another topic upon
which my colleague deemed it his duty to ex-
patiate largely, and in doing so, misrepresented,
as I conceive, the opinions and feelings of a large
majority of the people of Iowa. In a labored
argument he has endeavored to prove, and per-
haps lias convinced himself, that tha-^iegro race
have all the physical and mental attributes of
the white man; and that those attributes have
only been depressed and remained undeveloped
by the long period of servitude to which the
race has been subjected. This conclusion of
my colleague seems to have been attained by a
careful examination of the negro's physical char-
acteristics; and he has presented several facts
on which he grounds his belief of the negro's
mental qualities, the existence of which cannot be
doubted, while their value as evidences of the
mental capacity of the African race may well be
questioned. My colleague has ascertained, and
Be asserts, with all the gravity of full conviction,
that the negro, in common with the white man,
loves to eat food and to masticate it; that he loves
to smell fragrant odors; that he likes to touch
things which give him pleasure in touching; that
he likes to look on beautiful things, ana hear
good music; that the negro has love, hope, fear,
and hate; envy, jealousy, and revenge; memory,
imagination, and belief; has a love for his father,
brother, and child; has humanity, patriotism,
and piety.
Now, with a single exception, it may be admit-
ted that the negro has given evidence that he pos-
sesses, in a degree, the senses, susceptibilities, or
emotions of which my colleague has given a cat-
alogue; and yet I cannot permit him to persuade
me that God, in His providence, has imparted to
the African race to which our slaves belong, the
same mental aualities or capacities that He has
given to the wnite man of Europe and America.
The exception to which I have alluded, is the
emotion or sentiment of patriotism, as that feeling
is understood by the citizen of our Republic, the
Englishman, the Frenchman, or the German. I
have never heard of a trait of character exhibited
by an African tribe, or an individual of a tribe
or of the race, which denoted the possession of
that unselfish and exalted emotion; and there is
reason to believe that no negro has yet felt the
sentiment, unless it has recently been developed
by seme of those who now constitute the colony
at Liberia, and who were liberated from bondage
in our southern States on account of their good
conduct and their capacity. If exemption from
bondage, the example of the white race, and the
capacity to read books, is only wanting to enkin-
dle in the bosom of the negro the spark of patri-
otism and the love of his race and pride of nation-
ality, why is it that the Fred Douglasses who are
found in the free States, do not come forward and
aid in building up, in the country which God has
assigned to their race, a free and intelligent nation?
Why do these educated descendants of Africa
linger in this land, in which even their best friends
cannot and will not admit them to an equality,
either social or political, instead of hastening to
the aid of the handful of their brethren who are
now toiling in Liberia for the redemption of the
African race from the most abject barbarism, and
the most stupid ignorance ana idolatry ?
It seems to me that a satisfactory solution to
this inquiry can only be found in the fact that the
Almighty, in his infinite wisdom, and for a good
purpose, yet hidden to man, has closed the hearts
of these favored sons of Africa to all those sublime
emotions which ore necessary to produce true
patriots and pure statesmen—men who glory in
advancing the happiness and intelligence of tueir
countrymen and the good of the human race. Their
hearts seem closed; and they exhibit no affection,
no enthusiasm for the glorious enterprise which
freat and good men have opened to them in Africa.
'his alone, if there were no other facts, is a
strong proof that there is a vast difference in the
mental oraanixution or capabilities of the negro
and the white man.
Mr. President, in the discussion of the question
of the equality of races, which my colleague, I be-
lieve, has been the first to introduce to the notice
of the Senate, he seems to have volunteered his
aid to our political Abolitionists with an alacrity
which indicates his consciousness of great pow-
ers to defend his position. Without inquiring
into the propriety or necessity of the discussion,
at this time and in this place, I shall endeavor to
show that there are established facts which prove
the unsoundness of his views; but, in doing so,
• I cannot avoid feeling a kind of embarrassment
produced by a comparison, unfavorable to my-
self, of the profound scientific, theological, and
legal attainments of my colleague, with my own
humble pretensions. It is known to the Senate
that I am a plain, practical man, and have passed
my public life here in practical legislation, enter-
taining and encouraging no doctrines nor opinions
which are revolting to the instincts of honest
common sense, or opposed to those deductions
which are drawn from the truth of history. I
must then oppose this common sense and those
deductions to my colleague's scientific, theologi-
cal, and legal researches.
In my limited historical reading I have failed
to find any fact to sustain the opinions and belief
of my colleague, that the negro race are created
equal in powers of mind with the white. More
than a thousand years before our barbarian an-
cestors received an impulse towards civilization
by contact with the Rotpans, the negro of Africa
had had the advantage of observing the most ad-
vanced and refined nations which then existed.
He saw the learning and genius of Egypt, the
refinement of Persia, the wisdom and glory of
Greece and of Rome, long befefre the barbarous
tribes of Britain, our ancestors, emerged from their
darkness by aid of the light which was held up
to them by the men born on the banks of the
Tiber. For a time extending further back than
is noted upon the historic page, the ne<*ro has
beheld the light of civilization—but he has not
followed it; and in his native land, the tribes who
have given slaves to Eu rope and America, are now
what they have ever been. It would seem, in-
deed, that these tribes are the veritable descend-
ants of Ham, cursed in his son Canaan by the
Almighty, driven out from the presence of his
father with the vengeance of God marked upon
his brow, and doomed to be the servant of ser-
vants forever.
Mr. President, it is a truth that nature, in the
munificence of her economy, withholds nothing
from her children needful to their welfare; ana
we find that she has not bestowed upon the negro
race a solitary historical character—not one. That
race have haid no poet to perpetuate their history
—they have no history. The Greek, the Roman,
the English, and many other nations, whose his-
tory can be traced back to barbarism and idolatry,
have given to the world poets, statesmen, moral-
ists, philosophers, mechanics, and inventors,
whose labors are immortal. The black tribes of
Africa have given nothing useful nor brilliant from
the mental mine—and to this day they are the
same stupid idolators that they were found to be
when first visited by the Christian missionary;
worshiping leaks, onions, snakes, and filthy in-
sects, and looking upon the ouran<*-outang as the
Jupiter of their lesser deities. The race has no
history, except that of the providence of God,
written by his servants, marking it out as the
victim upon which the nations of the earth have
alternately glutted their revenge and satiated their
thirst for gain. At this time they are in a.state
of deeper degradation than any of the heathen
nations of the earth. Without even the instincts
of decency, they wander ungoverned, naked, and
as filthy in their persons as the brute. This has
been, and is now, their condition in their native
country; and all the efforts of Christianity for their
benefit and enlightenment have been abortive. No
individuals of the race have advanced a single step
from their degradation and darkness, except thosa
who were placed in the condition now occupied
by them in the southern States. Here the gospel
of Christ is elevating his hopes and illuminating
his soul. Thus much for the history of the race
as I have read it.
My colleague having convinced himself of the
mental equality of the ne^ro and white man,
appeals to the obligations oi Christianity to pro-
tect the slave in his weakness. These obligations,
in all their force, I recognize; nor will I seek any
other authority for their exposition than the Lord
Jesus Christ himself, and the great apostle of the
Gentiles, who governed the 'church where slavery
existed without any intermediate condition of
servitude. Among the Romans the people were
of two classes—freemen and slaves; and recog-
nizing the condition of master and slave as the
natural result of the imperfections of human gov-
ernment, (the incapacity of the slave inducing
, his subjection,) the apostle enforced these social
rela ions before slavery was enacted by law. Tho
,, Gospel interposes not to abolish the relation, but
;i to clearly indicate the duty of the master. Paul,
j1 in one of his letters to the Corinthians, writes
: thus:
" Let every man abide in the same calling wherein he wn*
called. Art thou called, being a servant, cure not lor it ? but
: if thou mayest be made free, use it rather. For he that is
called in the Lord, being a servant, is the Lord's free-man:
likewise also he tliat is called, being free, is Christ's ser-
vant."
And in the letter to the Ephesians:
" Servants, be obedient to them that are your masters
according to the flesh, with fear and trembling, in single-,
ness of your heart, as unto Christ; not with eve service, as
men-pleasers, but as the servants of Christ, doin? the will
of God from the heart; with good will rtoin? service, as to
the Lord, and not to men; knowing that whatsoever good
thing any man doctb, the same shall he receive of the Lord,
whether he bp bond or free. And, ye masters, do the same
things unto them, forbearing threatening: knowing that
your Master also is in heaven; neither is their respect of
persons with liim."
These are the commands of God's law by the
servant and minister, and law interpreter of God
himself, and are but two of many similar quota-
tions which might be adduccd. But, sir, I am
not a theologian, and may not properly under-
stand these plain admonitions of ecclesiastical
law; yet they appear to be opposed to the
doctrines and results which would flow from the
views of my colleague on the equality of the races.
If he means simply to condemn cruel masters, I
will say to him that such men are abhorred by
every Senator on this floor. Does he require
| that the negro shall have the benefit of religious
! instruction ? I reply, nowhere have the descend-
ants of the African race been led to the altar of
Christianity so successfully as in the slave States:
nowhere else, among the colored race, are tho
morals of Christianity held in such sacred regard
• as in those States.
Does my colleague mean to intimate that the
; political equality of the negro with the white man
is conceded, or ever has been conceded, in the
formation or during the continuance of this Gov-
ernment ? If he does, I deny it—I deny that the
Declaration of Independence teaches this equality.
It is true, that instrument says that " all men are
bora free and equal." That declaration must be
interpreted by its cotemporaneous history. It
did not, even in these general terms, include the
negro. The words cannot be tortured into that
meaning if regard be had to the truth of history.
The negro was at that time a slave in, I believe,
every State. That same language is repeated in
I the Bill of Rights of nearly every State in the
| Union, where slavery then existed, and where it
; now exists. The slave trade itself was continued
by the consent of the General Government for
, several years afterwards. This was the beginning
!j of the white man's government. The white mail
protested against the usurpations of the parent
i Government—tho white man rebelled against her
| authority—the white man triumphed oyer her
power, and threw off her yoke—the white man
i made peace and formed the Constitution of
i the Government under which we live—and the
white man has administered the Government from
