1144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
Congress intend to go on with the work. I, sir,
have not made these remarks because of any
change of opinion on my part. I am opposed to
the work, and opposed to this appropriation,and
shall vote against it now and all times.
Mr. LANE. I desire to occupy the floor for
a few minutes. I do not want to discuss the de-
ficiency bill. I only want to notice some remarks
that have been made in the course of the debate
upon it. It is the Army part of the bill that I
intend to notice, and particularly the remarks of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton.] The
gentleman made a statement which is obviously
correct: and that is, that either the commander
of the American forces upon the Pacific, or the
Governors of the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington, had fallen into a great error. He intro-
duced a letter of General Wool to sustain the
charges he himself had made, that the Governors
of these two Territories had fallen into a great
error, and had made an unnecessary war upon
the Indians, thereby greatly increasing the army
expenses of that department, and rendering the
appropriations now asked for as a deficiency ne-
cessary.
Mr. Speaker, in what [ have to say of General
Wool I wish it to be understood that I would
not pluck one laurel from his brow. He has done
gallant service. I have seen him in trying posi-
tions, and it has been my fortune to serve under
him. My gallant friend from Kentucky [Mr.
H. Marshall] has also served under him; and
I can bear testimony that upon great occasions
lie has borne himself most nobly. Uut, air, he
writes his letter from San Francisco, bearing
date of the 2d of April. It is published in the
columns of the National Intelligencer, and fills
nearly two columns and a half of tluit paper. And,
sir, the whole of that letter is a tissue of abuse
and invective against the people of Oregon Terri-
tory. He charges the Governor of that Territory
with making an unnecessary warupon the friendly
Indians, for the sake of plundering the national
Treasury.
Now, sir, how humiliated should I be if I could
believe one word of that letter, or if 1 believed
this House could credit the charges there made ,
by that gallant old man against the people of j
Oregon Territory as having made war upon the I
Indians for the sake of plunder! I should not now '
ask the attention of the House to any remarks j
of mine in reply to the gentleman from Ohio ,
butfor the fact that this letter of General Wool
will be^published with that gentleman's speech, !
and going to the country in that connection might1
produce a prejudice in the minds of the people
of the country against the Governor and the
people of Oregon. Sir, the people of Oregon are
an honest, industrious people; and to charge that
they could be capable of making war against the
Indians for the sake of plunder is a slander upon
chivalrous, high-spirited, and gallant men who
have periled their lives and bared their bosoms
to the weapons of a skulking and treacherous foe
in protecting the defenseless women and children
■who have been forced to fly from their beautiful
dwellings, which have, in many instances, been
fired by the torch of the savage before they were
out of sight of their once peaceful homes.
Far be it from me to cast any imputation upon
the Army. We have many gallant spirits in the
Army; and deeply do I regret that an officer,
whose career has heretofore been so brilliant,
honorable, and useful-—who has won imperish-
able laurels upon manyn hard-fought field—who
now stands before us " full of years, and full of
honors"—deeply do I regret that such a one, in-
stead of adding new luster to his well-earned
fame, should have committed errors in the con-
duct of the war in Oregon which, to say the
least, will throw a cloud—I hope evanescent—
around the departure from the theater of his re-
nown of a hero who, otherwise, would have
sunk peacefully to rest, like the petting sun in a
serene and cloudless sky. I regret, sir and I
will say_ that impartial history will decide that it!
was unfortunate for the reputation of this hon- i
ored veteran—that the conduct of this Indian war j
was assigned to him. Trained to arms, accord- ■
ing to the tactics of West Point, a tactician after j
the fashion of the military fogies of Em ope, he
has become thoroughly imbued with the faults
of the oid system, so far as its utter inadaptation
to Indian Hvarfare is cenoSrnSd. We are told <! it 1
is never too late to learn;" and perhaps General
Wool might learn, if his life should be spared
some years, all the wiles and stratagems of the
savage, and the other peculiarities of Indian war-
fare'; but to expect him to acquire such knowl-
edge immediately, or to possess it by intuition,
is unreasonable to the last degree. Posterity will
decide, in charity to the old soldier, whose blun-
ders and mismanagement in Oregon otherwise
admit of no palliation or excuse, that it were bet-
ter for him had he been left to repose upon his
laurels already won. Like a good old ship which
has braved the storms of ocean, and borne the
flag of the country in triumph on every sea, and
is then laid up in dock, after being pronounced by
the naval inspectors " unseaworthy," he should
not now be sent to meet the perils, and endure
the privations and hardships, in conducting a
warfare for which he has—and I hope it is no
disparagement to say so—no qualification what-
ever.
Now, sir, this letter bears date the 2d of April.
On the night of the 25th of March—seven days
previous—the Indians, by stratagem, (showing
generalship of a far higher order than has yet
been evinced by General Wool in prosecuting the
war,) fell into the rear of the volunteers and of
the regular troops in the field, and possessed
themselves of the only pass leading from the set-
tlements into the Indfian country, and winch is
the only pass by which our troops can be sup-
plied or reinforced. On that day—the 25th of
Maich—they boarded and took possession of the
steamer ATnry, which had on board a guard of
fifteen men, all of whom, with the entire crew,
fell under the tomahawk of the savage; and the
steamer was burned to the water's edge. Only
two steamboats have been placed on the Colum-
bia above the Cascade falls; they have been used
for the transportation of troops and supplies,
and also for the use of settlers who have located
east of the Cascade mountains. One of them,
with all on boaid, lias been destroyed by the
Indians. And they did not stop there: they took
one of the most beautiful little towns that the
eye of man ever rested upon—Cascade City—
murdered the people, and burned every house in
the town. Yet, sir, on the 2d of Apul, General
Wool writes this letter—at a time when the news
of these Indian outrages bad reached him—and he
does not. say one word of the taking of the steamer
Maiy, and the murder of her entire crew; he
does not mention the burning of that beautiful
town, Cascade City; he never mentions the suf-
ferings of the people of Oregon; but he devotes
the whole of his letter to denunciation of the
people of that Territory.
The Indians of Oregon are too cunning and
vigilant to let General Wool or anybody else at-
tack them where tbey do not want to fight. Be-
fore I take my seat I shall ask, as General Wool's
letter has been read, that the Clerk shall read Gov-
ernor Stevens's answer to (j letter of his, written
some time since. I shall now call the attention
of the House to some extractsfrom a letter which
I received a day or two since from a gentleman
now in Philadelphia, but who has, for several
years past, lived m Rogue river valley. I know
him well. He is not my political friend, and has
never supported me for office. He is an honest
man, and he can and docs tell the truth. The
letter bears date Philadelphia, April 28. He says:
" I have just returned from Rogue river, Oregon Terri-
tory. I lived there during two yeai=, and have l'elt much
inteiest m the welfare and good name of southern Oregon
as any man could feel for Ins adopted country. I yet hope
tu be proud of the name of one of its eailie^t settlers. 1
was there before the war commenced, when it commenced,
and lor four months afterwards ; and I am familiar with the
causes winch led to tt. And E cannot hide the anguish and
feelings of disgust with which I lidve lead the rupuits in
the newspapers which have been sent on by Palmer and
Governor Curry. Indeed I would not, I think, be doing
justice tomyseif, ormylellow citizens of southern Oregon,
it' I did not refute these sland"rs. It may be deemed the
height of assumption for a citizen without the cloak of
power to wield the pen against them ; but when I reflect
that I am an American, and that my feilow-citr^ns aie
unjustly bianded with lrnainy, I know that it is my neht
and my duty to deny that there is any truth m the chaises
against that people Palmer says tnat ' the war was forced
on those people against their will.' He cannot point out
a single instance to sustain him in his assertion. The In-
dians wanted to light long before the war commenced ; but
they could not agiee among themselves as to tile time."
This, Mr. Speaker, is the language of a citizen
of Oregon. Ho feels deep mortification when he
reads G'ovtrnbr Cutry's pr'otiamation for main-
taining the friendly disposition of the Indians.
He censures Governor Curry because he is too
humane to the Indians, while General Wool holds
him up as a robber and a murderer, and who makes
war for the purpose of depicting the Treasury.
It is due to Governor Curry that I should here
state, in vindication of his good name, both from
the aspersions of General Wool, and the censures
of my correspondent, that, when certain Indians
were killed by Major Lupton's party, the intelli-
gence was brought to him that these Indians
were fuendly and inoffensive—information which
proved afterwards to be incorrect. It was upon
the false account given to him of the character
and disposition of these Indians that he issued
his proclamation exhorting the whites to main-
tain friendly relations with the Indians, and de-
nouncing the severest punishment against any
person who should commit outrages on such
as were friendly and inoffensive. Those killed
by Major Lupton, Governor Curry afterwards
ascertained to be murderers, and deserving the
fate that befell them. This statement I have
deemed necessary and proper to explain what
might otherwise seem inconsistency in the con-
duct of Governor Curry. The agent, Dr. Am-
brose, who is also censured, was misled in the
same manner as Governor Curry, and is a wor-
thy and humane man.
"Befoie one Indian wa<: molect'sd by the white*, the
Indians killed two white men at Applegate. A few days
aitei wards they Killed two more on Slate creek. The
Indians who committed these murders were pointed out to
the a?ent,I)i. Ambrose. He conducted them to the reserve,
and there protected them against the fnends of the victim*,
who could not help feeling indignant. The agent 1 eluded
to arrest the murderers and give them a trial. While the
whites were not allowed to go on the reserve, the In-
dians wore at liberty to so where they pleased. But a
short time after tho^e muideid, a party of Indians fiora
Ro^ue uver vallev went over to Klamath, killed seventeen
white men, plundered their bodies, and then returned to
the ic->crvo^pla.!iuiig the agent's protection. They were
seen, ti.icked bick,and known to he the murderers; and
yet the sympathetic agent would not allow them to be mo-
lested. They next attacked two teams (loaded with flour
for Yioka) on the Si-que mountain. Two men and boy,
and thirteen oxen, were killed. Two men at about the
same tune were shot at near Watt's mill, m the nppci part
of the valley. A gieat deal of ttoek was abo driven from
various p-nts of the valley. All these outrage* were com-
mitted without the least provocation on the part of the
whites. Indians rushed, into dwellings of the whites and
behaved in the most indolent and threatening manner to
women and children. This and greater cause was given
to the whites, before an Indian wa* molested; and it was
only after ?-o many murdeis following thick and fa<t one
on anoMiei, and positive proof that they were committed
bv the Rogue liver Indians, that the whites felt themselves
forced to the alternative to fight or leave the eountrv. Yet
Mr. Palmer bays that the Indian* were driven to despera-
tion. If so, what w ere the whites driven to?—Death or
defense."
I know that the seventeen men referred to
were murdered as stated. I was at home at the
time. Among them was a young man by the
name of Fickas, son of an old and much esteemed
friend, who was bred up near my old plantation
in Indiana. This young man assisted in building
the house in which I live in Oregon.
The letter is signed by Oliver J. Evans. It was
only when all the outrages enumerated were com-
mitted that Major I.upton raised his company.
He tracked the Indians, and found in thrir pos-
session property taken from those whose bodies
had been found mutilated on the mountains; it
was proof positive that they were the murderers.
They had tried to get to the reserve, but did not
succeed before the Major overtook and attacked
them. lie himself was killed, and also some
fifteen or twenty of the Indians, among them some
squaws.
General Woo! has charged that this battle was
the origin and cause of all the subsequent hos-
tilities. The squaws that Major Lupton killed
were escorted by the warriors who killed the
men and boy upon the mountains, from which
place he tracked them to Bute Creek, where he
attacked them. However, the agent was notified
by these Indians that they had nothing to do
with the murder—that they were going to the re-
serve. The Governor was notified, and he issued
his proclamation, as before stated. Evans cer-
tainly had not seen General Wool's letter, or hs
would have turned the war in that direction.
Now, sir, I do not want to say more about
General Wool, and will only say, that his letter
is full of injustice to the people of Oregon. I
would never raise my voice in behalf of these
p'et^ple if I believed them capable of such an enor-
