1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1145
mity as that charged upon them by General
Wool—the enormity, startling and revolting to
every right-minded man, of deliberately making
war upon an innocent and unoffending people for
the purpose of enriching themselves by robbery
of the public Treasury. I know that to avoid war
they would submit, and have submitted, to many
wrongs, for the purpose of maintaining peace,
and saving the lives of their families. This war
has brought devastation and destruction to every
portion of the two Territories; and the last letter
from my own home stated that everybody there
is terror-stricken, that dismay has taken posses-
sion of everybody, and that the settlers are now
building block-houses for the purpose of protect-
ing their families and friends, and that they are
determined to fight to the last. And yet General
Wool charges, and his letter is read as authority
upon this floor, that the people of Oregon are
guilty of bringing on this war with the Indians,
bringing to their dwellings the torch, and to the
hearts and the heads of their wives and their chil-
dren the tomahawk and scalping-knife of the
savage, whose soul, inflamed with passion and
thirsting for revenge, revels with demoniac de-
light in scenes of carnage, and draws the greatest
pleasure of which such depraved natures are ca-
pable from the agony of his tortured and writh-
ing victim.
The Indians are literally breaking up the whole
country; and T am not certain but that a large
fortion of the Territory will fall into their hands.
am in continual dread—though I think I am not
easily fiightenod—lest by the very next arrival
I shall hear something more terrible than any-
thing which has yet reached us. Thoy have
burned our steamboats; they have destioycd nu-
merous farms and dwellings in Oregon, and a
beautiful town in the southern part of Washing-
ton Territory, on the banks of the Columbia river,
and have now access to the valleys, and I have
great fear that they will dash into the valley of the ;
Willamette, and do much damage. In this state j
of the facts, General Wool's letter is introduced !
upon this floor for the purpose of criminating the j
people I represent, and excusing his blunders, i
Mr. STANTON. I quoted General Wool for I
the purpose of showing that there was a disagree- j
merit amongst the authorities there, and that the
President ouslit to remove one of them.
Mr. LANE. I say that the cause of this dis-
agreement is so manifest that I have nothing to
say upon the subject. Our people are, for their
own defense, struggling and risking their lives;
and a large portion of General Wool's letter is
devoted to denunciation of the volunteers who are
operating east of the Cascade mountains, in which
he charges that thoy are operating in Washington ;
Territory. The general is mistaken in his in- j
foimation. IJe has not examined the geography i
of the country. He has been grossly deceived. ! —   - - -v . .1
mi v 3 a r • m ~ rvol li your letter tome, for I am the authoutative witness in the
The troops under Major China, a noole ai.d b«il- ca<5e< and in the letter which subimiieU your own action m
lant young Kentuckian, who put up his shingle
at Portland for the purpose of practicing his pro-
fession, were east of the Cascade mountains. He
defamatory letters, I would rather it would not
pass. It is an improper use to make of Govern-
ment money.
A few days ago some of our citizens were killed
at Panama, and I hope the Government will take
steps immediately for their future protection, and
to prevent the recurrence of such a scene. I be-
lieve they have done it already, and that they will
inflict proper punishment upon those who perpe-
trated that outrage. That thoroughfare must be
kept open, and every American citizen should be
protected in every portion of this continent,
whether in Oregon or in Panama. That route is
a great thoroughfare by treaty stipulations of
parties who have entered into it, and our citizens
there must be protected; and I trust our Govern-
ment has already taken steps to afford that pro-
tection, and to punish those who have killed our
citizens and robbed them of their property.
I will not say now, that any portion of this
deficiency askeu for, for Army expenses to be
used for any such purpose as that to which I have
alluded. I do not believe it. IE it be true that
your Army officers have exceeded their appropri-
ations to the amount of the deficiency here asked,
then Congress has but one course to pursue, and
that is, to provide for that deficiency at once.
I now, Mr, Speaker, ask in conclusion, to have
read the letter of Governor Stevens, which I send
to the Clerk's desk.
To give to Governor Stevens's letter all the
weight to which it is entitled, I will state that he
is the same Governor Stevens who, three years
ago, acquired such a reputation in connection with
a survey of a northern route for the Pacific rail-
road. He is a man of the highest order of edu-
cation, and has rendered important services to
his country m various employments, civic and
military. Since the completion of the railroad
survey, he has resided 111 Washington Territory,
in the performance of his official duties; and has
been not only a spectator of, but a . actor m, the
exciting scenes that have been transpiring around
him. if any man could be a competent and cred-
ible witness 111 this case, in which General Wool
is prosecutor, and the people of Oregon defend-
ants, I think that man is Governor Stevens.
Here is his letter:
Executive Office, (Wash. Ter.,)
Oly.mpia, March 20, 1856.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receiptor your
communication ofthe 12tii Februaiy, and tostate generally,
in answer thereto, that the event- of the past four weeks,
in connection with your own official course, affoids satis-
factory evidence that the most objectionable portions of
your letter have boon abandoned, and that you have finally
become awakened to the true condition of the Indian war,
and are seeking to make some amends {'or the unfortunate
blunders of th" past.
You have ptobiblv learned how much you have been
misled in your views of the operations of the Oregon vol-
unteers, and how much unnecessary sympathy you have
wasted upon the infamous Pee-pee max-max. For your
own reputation have I felt pain at the statements made m
constructed Fort Henrietta twenty miles south j
of the line dividing the two Territories. Walia- ;
Walla, where he charges that volunteers had been j
sent into Wash ington Territory to make war upon j
the Indians, stands near the line of division. The !
Columbia river, from its mouth to Fort Walla- j
Walla, is the dividing line, and from that point,
the forty-sixth parallel, to the summitof the Rocky
Mountains.
That great Indian chief for whom he sheds so
many tears, was, as he says, barbarously mur-
dered, and scalped. He may have been scalped,
but he was not murdered. That indignities may
have been offered him, and wrongs perpetrated
upon him, may be true. If so, I regret it. I wish
to God they had left his hair upon his head un-
touched, and that no indignities had been offered
linn, although he had scalped many of ourpeople,
and had plundered Walia-Walla,and the country
around the fort, and had driven the white people
out of the country. AJ1 the Indians whom the
Oregon volunteers have been operating against
are Oregon Indians.
Dut 1 rose to speak about this deficiency; and
I want to say nosv that if the deficiency asked
for m this bill is to be used against the citizens of
Oregon Territory against American citizens, and
lofuimg to send me succor, I have presented briefly the
tacts showing the unmitigated hostility of that chief. ,
I assert that I can prove by incontestable evidence that j
Pee pce-max-max had been hostile for month*; that he ;
exeited his mliuence to effect a general combination of the j
tiibes; that he plundered Walla-Walla and the settlers of ;
the valley, distributing the spoils to Ins own and the neigh-
boring tubes, as war trophies; that he rejected the inter-
cession ofthe friendly Nez Perses to continue peacetul;
that he had sworn to take my lite and cut off my party; and
that lie and the adjoining tribe? of Oregon and W ashmgton
had taken up their military posiuon as warriors at the
proper points of the Walla Walla valley, and all this be-
fore the volunteers of Oregon moved upon him. Pee-pee-
max max was slain fairly. I have investigated that matter
on the giound, having not only the testimony of the officers
of the Oregon volunteers and the eye witnesses of his
death, but the testimony ofthe fuendly Indians, both Cay-
use and Nez Pei*es. ile was not entrapped by a flag ot
truce. 1 of cour>e reprobate the indignities subsequently
committed upon ins person.
Are you awaio, sir, that the great victory achieved by the
gallant volunteeisof Oregon in the Walla-Walla valley was
tought near the line separating the twoTeintones, and that
moie of the Indians of Oregon weie engaged m it than the
Indians of Washington ? Y0111 letter would seem to show
that you were ignoiantof this fact. Where, sir, did you
derive vour mfoimation ? Half the Walla-W alias live per-
manently 111 Oregon, all ofthe Umatilla®, over one halt ot
the Cayuses, all of the John Days, Dis-chutes, and lyh In-
dians. These were the Indians that met the volunteers of
Oregon, and all these Indians were, by an arrangement
made between General Palmer and m.v self, under the charge
ot the Oregon agents. These Indians were reinforced alter
the fitst thiee days' light by one hundred Paiouses detached
fiom the force under Karri ai kan.
That some tuibulent men of the Oregon volunteers nave
 - , 0 . . . done injury to the fuendly Cayuses, is unquestionable; and
for the purpose of supporting troops to remain m j■ ^ 1S reprobated by the authorities and the citizens of both
their barraike', and td pay officers for writing Territories. II Vt , trow&ter, been ertwty esaggerwed.
Had, sir, the regulars moved up to the Walla-Walla valley,
as I most earnestly urged both Major Rains and Colonel
Wright, both by letter and m person, these Indians would
have been protected. They could not act, because they
had no authority from you. The pte&ence oi'a single com-
pany would have been -.nffieient. The responsibility, if evil
iollows, will attach, sir, to you, as well as to the volunteers
of Oregon. The Nez Perses, though a portion live in
Oregon,are, by the arrangement before referred to between
General Palmer and myself, all under my adinimstiative
charge, and, if left alone, will continue friendly. I have
lieaid from them long since the iriend to whom you allude.
I have a staff officer m their country. They are organized
for self-protecuon; and, if your operations" are conducted
with ordinary judgment, they will not a man of them join
in the war.
I have to refer you, sir, to my memoir for my views, which
will be found to bear the test of experience; and I would
advise you, sn, 111 consideimg that memoir, to bear in mind
that, as regards the opinion of men who, with perhaps not
very inferior abilities to your own, bring greater special
experience, and a knowledge of the country and the Indians,
to which you cannot pictcnd, it will be prudent not to
despise them.
in your letter of the 10th of January you state: " I have
lecently sent to Puget's Sound two companies ofthe ninth
infantry. These, with the three companies there, will give
a force of nearly or quite foui hundred regulars, commanded
by Lieutenant Colonel Casey. This foice,with several ships
ol war in the sound, to which will bo added in a few days
the United States steamer Massachusetts, it seems to me,
i( rightly directed, ought to be sufficient to bung to terms
two hundred Indian wairiors. Captain Kuyes, in I11& last
repoit received, says there are not quite two hundred in
arms in that region." Here you have expressed a very con-
fident opinion. You thought pioper to quote Captain Kcyes
as to the number ot Indians, but you found it did not suit
your purpose to refer to the icquisitions lie had made upon
you tor six additional companies, two of which only had
been sent forward ; nor could you find time to refer to the
fact, that Colonel Ca*ey had recommended, alter the war
was over, that eight companies should be permanently sta-
tioned for thfe piotection ot the sound. You think volun-
teers entirely unnecessary. Ail this after having leceived
from the Executive of the Territory information as to the
; condition of the country !
j It 1= now IVUirch, a month later, and you send two addf-
I tional companies of regulars, and direct Colonel Casev to
j call upon me foi two companies of volunteer*. Thus have
j you practically acknowledged that you were wrong, and
1 that I was right; and thu^ have I your testimony a* against
' yourself m vindication of the necessity of my calling out
! volunteers. "
j As rfgauls this call for volunteers, it is to be presumed
I that Colonel Casey m'oimed you that the whole available
force ofthe Sound territory was beating arms and tnat the
great proportion of them wet e actively engaging the enemy;
that, organized in two battalions, the northern battalion
occupied the line of the tinow-how-mish, where they are
establishing block-houses and closing the passes of the
Sno-qual-mie; that the central battalion was occupying tJw
military road in the Nachess, in relation to which load ana
its military hearings your aid-de-camp, Lieutenant Arnold,
will be able to give you full information ; and that on both
lines decisive blows had been struck; arid also that it was
beyond the ability of our citizens to raise an additional com-
pany of even fifty men to honor your icquMtion.
I have a right to hold you to a full knowledge of our con-
dition heie. If you say you weie mi-informed, then you
aie not fit for your position, and should give place to abet-
ter man; ifjou were infoimed, then your measures as a
mihury man manifest an incapacity h wond example
Therefore the call 00 me tor two companies of volunteers
is a call upon me to withdiaw the troops now m the field,
with sixty to eighty days'pi ovision, alter decisive blows
have been struck, and when everything is ready to strike
a, and perhaps the, decisive blow to end the war.
I am too old a soldier ever to abandon a well-considered
plan of campaign, or to do otherwise than to push forward
with all my energies in the path marked out, promising, as
it does, the speedy teimmation of the war; and, sir, I am
too wary a man not to detect the snare which has been laid
for me.
You never expected, sir, that the requisition would be
compiled with ; you knew it was a practical impossibility ;
but, not having the com age to acknowledge your error, it
was resorted to m the hope that my refusing your requisi-
tion might enable you to occupy my vantage giound, and
throw mc on the defensive. I hold you, sir, to the facts of
the case, clearly demonstrating, and by your own confes-
sion, too, the propriety of my course, and the necessity, on
my part, of a steady adherence to it.
X inclose a copy of my letter to Lieutenant Colonel
Casey, in which my views in regard to this scheme of yours
are given in full.
You have referred to the atrocities committed upon the
friendly Indians by the whites. I know nothing ot what
has occurred m southern 0;egon; hut I have w state, that
no man, to my knowledge, in the Temtoiy of Washington,
advocates the* extermination of the Indians. The authoii-
ties here have not only used every exertion to protect them,
but their exertions have been completely sucee^tul.
Did you learn, sir, m your buof visit to the Sound, that
nearly four thousand triendly Indians have been moved
fiom the tear z>ound on the casern shore of the Sound and its
vicinity, to the adjacent islands, and have foi nearly five
months been l.vms in t-harge nf local agents ; that not an
Indian m the whole cou.sc of this war has been killed by
SI the whites except m battle ; that when a military commis-
i| sum, composed of a majoiitv ot volunteer officers, tued,
!; some months since, eight Indians, only one wa< convicted,
I j and that the sentence of death passed upon him has not
1; yet been executed ? It is the good conduct of our people,
\ sir, that has so stiensthenod the hand* of the authorities
' ! as to enable them to control the->e friendly Indians, and
h pi event any considerable accessions to the lanksof the
;; hostile*. And yet we have daily rumors, and have had tor
I the last five months, that this tribe and tiiatwonid ureaK
!! 011*—ft* at turns great uneasiness has ptWmm ttnong
