1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL/OB&
409
34th Cong....] st Sess.
The Slavery Question—Mr. Stanton, of Ohio.
Ho. of Reps.
destroy the influence and votes of this foreign
element. Without impugning their motives, or
attempting to slww thr error of their proceeding,
I have deemed it proper simply to allude to the
fact, and leave it to the common sense of the
people to •-.ontrasi this proceeding and reasoning
with the principles ana opinions avowed by my
colleague, and those who act with him upon this
floor—opinions and principles indirectly, if not
directly, tending to the turning loose upon society
nearly four millions of uncultivated and helpless
negroes—men, women, and children, who, ac-
cording to the Abolitionists, are of all classes the
most degraded by their present relations in life,
and to legislating them into that political equality
which they would deny to the white emigrant.
But, sir, I cannot persuade myself that the most
ultra Abolitionist who ever occupied a seat in
this Senate could be so infatuated oy his feelings
and prejudices as to desire the liberation of the
slaves of the southern States, and be willing to
meet the horrible consequences which would fol-
low—consequences destructive to the peace and
prosperity of the entire country, and which would
involve the rapid and certain destruction of the
black race, after, perhaps, a bloody, jwrvile war,
in which fertile and productive lands would be
Jaid waste, towns and villages burned, and thou-
sands of men, women, and children slaughtered.
But, Mr..President, there is one object plainly
indicated by my colleague, as a motive for this
hostility to the Administration, to the principle
of self-government, secured to the people of the
Territories by the Kansas-Nebraska act, and to
the Democratic party—the supporters of that
J principle. The object is made plain by the fol-
owing extract from his speech:
" Tlie millions of hardy laborers of the North and North-
west, will not live in a shareholding community. I need
not answer why? A thousand reasons are on their tongues.
To you it may seem the result of a sickly sentimental ism.
To them th^ir conclusions seem to be the result of the clear-
est reasoning, sustained by the strongest sense of moral
doty. If, then, you establish, slavery in the Territories,
you exchUe them from the enjoyment of this common her-
itage."
And a little further on he says:
" 1 am free to admit that I am one of the number practi-
cally excluded." "On a platform of equality, I have never
been disposed to shrink from an honorable competition
with the most favored in life's ever recurring conflicts; but,
sir, I never will, by act or vote of mine, place myself in a
condition to struggle for position in social life, with those
whose timet are the companions of my daily toils."
This idea, so horrible to my colleague, oflabor-
ing in a community where negroes are held in
bondage, has matte so strong a lodgment in his
hrain, that he declares that, rather than see his son
placed in such a situation, he would " prefer to
see his eyes plucked out and given to the eagles,
and his heart snatched out and given to the vul-
tures."
To me it seems passing strange that the pro-
found philosophy, and varied learning, and learned
professions of my colleague have all failed to erad-
icate from his mind prejudices so unfounded, so
marked by ignorance, and which thousands of
facts by which he is surrounded should obliterate.
Why, sir, by a ride into the adjoining county of
Fairfax, my colleague will learn that the stale
and almost-worn-out slang of the Abolitionists
about the degradation of free labor in Territories,
hyadmitting slaves, has no foundation save in the
fertile imaginations of Abolition demagogues. He
will find in that county hundreds of farmers from
the non-slaveholding States—from Pennsylvania,
New Jersey, New York, and from the eastern
States—intelligent, industrious, and highly re-
spectable citizens, drawn there by the low price
at which worn-out farms, with good dwellings and
out-houses, could be purchased. By their supe-
rior knowledge of agriculture, they have revived
the productiveness of their land and made them-
selves wealthy. Their work is performed by
themselves and their sons; they own no slaves;
and yet they are honored, respected, beloved; for,
bytheirintelligenceandindustry, they haveadded
greatly to the prosperity of the county—the price
of old land having increased in price four-fold
since they have shown how it could be made
valuable. Not only in that,county, but in every
direction from this Capitol, my colleague can see,
if he will but. open his eyes, that his prejudices
have no foundation; he will find the master and
servant, the master's sons and his servants, work-
ing in the same field and performing the same
kind of labor, feeling no degradation by doing
so, and creating no disrespect in the eyes of their
neighbors.
The object of the warfare, then, is to confine
the master and the slave to worn-out lands, that
the master may become eventually too poor to
support the slave, who would gradually perish
from want—that the master may lose his political
power, and that the slave States may lose their
political importance. This is the object—this the
spirit in which Senators from slaveholding States
are approached—this the respect shown to sister
States—this the brotherly love—the national feel-
ing—the republican magnanimity—exhibited by
those who now oppose the Democratic party and
the Administration! Did those brave and good
men who by their blood secured our liberties,
and by their purity and wisdom secured the safety
of our country by forming the Union of the
States—did these truly great men ever display
the malignant spirit and feeling which now per-
vade the party and the men in whose ranks my
colleague has taken his position ? While the
memory of Washington, of Marion, of Putnam,
and Warren is cherished as the common property
of all the States—while the blood of our revolu-
tionary fathers is treasured in the nation's soil,
let sectional feelings find no sympathy in an
American Senator's bosom. Sir, if any Senator
here wants the negroes freed, let him meet the
question like a bold man—:like Garrison and
Gen-it Smith; let him not propose to starve out
the slave population and degrade the States rep-
resented in this Senate by .the patriotic and good
men by whom I am surrounded. Let him pro-
pose the abolition of slavery directly, and not
undermine the interests, the hopes, the homes,
and the families of the citizens of the southern
States.
1 gave my vote for the Kansas-Nebraska bill
because it left with the people of the Territories
the right of self-government within the pale of
the Constitution, and consequently the right to
decide upon the question of admitting slaves; and
I will give all the aid in my power to the President
in his endeavors to vindicate the settlers' rights.
Much falsehood and exaggeration have been
no doubt resorted to by the agents of the emi-
grant aid societies, in regard to the invasion, as
it is called, of Kansas, by the " border ruffians"
of Missouri. Sir, 1 have never felt any surprise
at seeing large numbers of men from the counties
of Missouri (adjacent to Kansas) hastening to
that Territory immediately on its becoming ac-
cessible to settlers. Having lived for a number
of years among the pioneers of the Northwest, I
know their enterprise and their habits, and I know
they are the first men who build cabins and turn
furrows in every new territory opened to the
settler. When the soil of Iowa was first offered to
the industry of the farmer or. miner, it was in-
stantaneously occupied by citizens who resided in
Illinois, Missouri, and Wisconsin, most approx-
imate to her borders. They hastened to the new
land, for the purpose of examining it and select-
ing beautiful and eligible locations, either for
farms, for mills, or for towns and villages. They
were some months in advance of the land-seekers
from the elder sisters of the Union; and when
these latter came on, they had to take a second
choice, or pay a liberal price for the claim of the
pioneer. This same policy and these motives
induced a vast number of men, young and old, to
hasten frpm Missouri to Kansas: they went there
to make and secure valuable claims,either to oc-
cupy themselves or to sell. Nor is it singular
that many of these men, after they had made their
selection, and made the usual improvement to
secure them, returned to Missouri to pass the
winter. The same process I have witnessed in
the early settlement of Missouri, Michigan, Wis-
consin, and Iowa, in all of which Territories I
resided before their admission as States; and the
same will be witnessed in the opening of every
new Territory to the enterprise of our hardy and
industrious citizens.
_ Permit me, sir, in my endeavor to sustain the
right of the people of Kansas to decide for them?
selves this question of admitting slavery within
their borders, and to be admitted into the Union
with or without it, as they may elect, to quote the
language of an old statesman—a man whose
labors upon this floor the people have witnessed
for thirty years—Colonel Benton. The quota-
tion is made from a brief speeeh in the House of
Representatives, during the last session, in reply
to a member from Indiana. He says:
" The member from Indiana, then, proposes to resist the
admission, if she has established slavery. This, in my
opinion, will be resisting a right; holding, as I do, that the
State will be entitled to admission—having the other re-
quisites—with or without slavery, as she pleases; and this
not by virtue of any act of Congress to that effect, nor even,
by virtue of the Constitution, but by virtue of a right ante-
rior and superior both to Congress and the Constitution—
I mean an inherent right of State sovereignty, possessed
before the Constitution was made, not surrendered to tho
Federal Government when it was made, and therefore re-
tained by the States."
On the subject of interference by other States,
for the purpose of controlling the affairs of Kan-
sas, ana the results of interference, the same
aged statesman speaks thus:
" Mr. Chairman, there was crimination and recrimination
■ the other day on this subject, between the member from
I Indiana arid my colleague from the northwest district, [Mr.
j! Oliver.] The memberfrom Indiana chargedthat citizens
11 of Missouri had crossed the line to vote in Kansas at the
. late delegate election ; my colleague retorted that men had
been sent there by emigrant societies in the East, to control
the election. I believe both were about right; and as to
this stimulated emigration, 1 had my opinion of it at the
time it was announced, and made known that opinion to
some members from the eastern States now present, and
that it would produce precisely the effect that has been
seen—rouse and exasperate the people of the Missouri
frontier, and lead to the scenes which have occurred. Why
did I think so? Because I knew something of human na-
ture, and that foreign interference is a thing which it will
not endure. Of this, Missouri has been once before a signa-
instance: At the time of the formation of her constitution,
it was a question among the people whether the constitution
should be express or silent on the subject of shivery. For-
eign interference decided that question, and occasioned a
clause to be introduced prohibiting the Legislature to eman-
cipate slaves without the consent of their owners. i, an
fnemy to the extension of slavery, was a chief promoter of
that clause; and why ? Because foreigners, that is, citizens
of other States, had interfered and agitated the country, and-
filled it with a great disturbance; and, for the sake of peace,
and to prevent the annual recurrence of such agitations, f
deemed it best (and that became the opinion of the con-
vention) to cut up the evil by the root—to take the subject
away from the Legislature—and consequently to exclude it
from our elections; which was done. And the State, under
that constitutional inhibition, had been free from the slavery
agitation until carried there in the year 1849, and further-
inflamed by the events of the past year. I was not a mem-
ber of the convention which framed the constitution, but
promoted the anti emancipation clause; and I mention my
own case particularly that, being opposed to the extension
of slavery, I yet instigated a provision against emancipation
to prevent foreigners from coming to agitate us; and, I verily
believe, if it had not been for that interference, the consti-
tution would have been silent on the subject. This is one
instance of the effect of foreign interference in the same
State, and on the same subject; and what is now taking
place on the western frontier of the State is only a new
manifestation of the feeling which prevailed in the State in
the year 1820. And such is human nature, and in all the
relations of life, both as individuals and communities; a
stranger can not interfere in a family dispute without uniting
the family against him, nor in a State dispute withoat
uniting the State against him What has happened, then,
in Kansas, was obliged to happen, and was foreseen by
some and deprecated at the time. I condemned that society
emigration at the time; and there are members now present-
to whom. I foretold its bad effects, such as have since been
seen by everybody. If any emigrants came from the free
States in the usual way, they would be kindly and respect-
fully received; but sent by societies for the purpose ofgov-
erning elections, and they would meet with ill-will and
opposition."
I will now withdraw my motion to recoasider.
THE SLAVERY QUESTION.
SPEECH 9F HON. B. STANTON,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representative*,
April 23,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. STANTON said: Mr. Chairman, I am at
all times reluctant to occupy the time of the com-,
mittee in the discussion of any question not
pending before it for consideration and action;
but, sir, I know that the people who sent me here
would not excuse me for permitting the gauntlet
of the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Keitt] to lay at my feet, any longer than the-
rules of the House will permit me to take up.
That gentleman has, however, done me alto-
gether too much honor in assigning to me a lend-
