1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2019
monts now given to the Library of Congress for '
that purpose, which are very much incumbering i
the Library. It also accomplishes the purpose !
prayed for by the memorials of boards of trade
all over the country, who are anxious that they
should be allowed to participate in the distribu-
tion of public documents. Heretofore they have
been confined to colleges and literary institutions.
Now it is proposed to extend them to boards of
trade, to whom they are more important than to
the other institutions. This resolution passed the
Senate in nearly the same form at the last session
of Congress, and I hope it will pass now without
objection.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
•withoutamendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
br. kane's arctic expedition.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been instructed by the
Committee on the Library, to whom was referred
the House joint resolution (No. 11) for the pur- j
chase of Dr. Kane's forthcoming work on Arctic 1
explorations, and the presentation of medals to ■
Dr. Kane, his officers and men, to report it back !
with an amendment, and also a written report, i
I ask for the printing of the report, and, if it be j
agreeable to the Senate, that the subject may be !
taken up and disposed of now. if, however, i
there shall be debate likely to arise on it, I shall '
have no objection to allow it to he over until to-
morrow, when 1 shall ask to take it up.
Several Senators. Let it lie over.
The report was ordered to be printed.
personal explanation.
Mr. BROWN. I beg leave to make a very
brief personal explanation, which is due to my
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh.] In the discussion
on Friday, in reference to the case of Richard
W. Thompson, it is thought, by a mutual friend
of ours, that certain phrases employed by my-
self were not warranted by the circumstances
under which they were uttered. Perhaps it will
be sufficient to say, that, in nothing which I
uttered on that occasion, did I intend, m the
slightest possible degree, to give any offense, or
any cause of complaint, to the Senator from
Ohio. He himself has not called my attention
to the subject, nor has he in anyway complained;
but our mutual friend fiom Alabama [Mr.
Clay] called my attention to it, and said he
thought those who looked at it without knowing
the circumstances under which the discussion
occurred would think my language was unneces-
sarily harsh. For instance, he called my atten-
tion to this expression:
"The Senator tiled to pieverit discussion by smoiheiing
die case."
All I meant by that was simply that the Sen-
ator from Ohio proposed to postpone the discus-
sion from day to day; and as the session was I
drawing to a close, such a postponement must j
necessarily result in the session expiring without J
the consideration of the case. I did not moan to j:
gay, nor to be understood in any way as saying, ,1
that the Senator was resorting even to unfair par- j [
liamentary tactics for the purpose of getting clear !j
of the case, and much less to charge any im- jj
proper design. ,!
My attention has Also been called to this ex- |,
pression: !!
u l wili yield the floor m a few minute : but 1 will not ! i
yield it without calling attention, to tho tact, tliat the Hen
tttor fiom Ohio, while affecting to stand hete in dei'cn-e of , i
the Commissioner, has not scrupled to attack the motive* ij
o{'the Committee on Indian Allaire.j
1 intended, by that expression, simply to repel i;
what I thought, but as I am now assured, and
was assured at the time, I thought erroneously,
was an intimation, on the part of the Senator, that i
the Committee on Indian Affairs had acted un- ,
fairly, or were capable of acting unfairly m ref-
erence to that particular case. Being assured ..
that that was not so, and that I was mistaken, ,
the language I thought at the moment was with-
drawn, and if it was not it is withdrawn now.
Then, again, there is an intimation in the con- >
elusion of the discussion, that the country would
not be likely to be much moved by the speech ;
made by my friend from Ohio. That was snid .j
in reply to an intimation on his part as I thought, 'i
that though we might agiee to the claim he would 11
arraign u& before the country for doing so. I j,
thought lie made that intin^tion, and I simply .
meant to repel it. The language was not very
well chosen I grant. Language frequently is not
well chosen in the heat of debate. If there is
anything in that which reflects in the slightest
degree on my friend from Ohio, I withdraw it.
This is the first time I have had occasion to
make a personal explanation. I repeat, I do not
make it at the suggestion of mv friend from Ohio,
but because others thought l'had gone perhaps
too far.
Mr. PUGH. I am very much obliged to the
Senator from Mississippi for his explanation, i
and especially as it has not been made in conse-
quence of any solicitation or demand from me. I
assure him that henceforth the matter will have
no impression upon my mind.
civil appropriation bill.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed an act (H.
R. No. 201) to make appropriations for certain
civil expenses uf Government for the year ending
the 30th June, 1857; which, on motion of Mr.
Hunter, was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Fimmco.
kansas affairs*
j Mr. DOUGLAS. The Committee on Terri-
I tones, to whom was referred the bill (JI. R. No.
| 75) tu reorganize the Territory of Kansas, and !
j for other purposes, beg lea\o to submit a report, |
which 1 will read. j
The honorable Senator read the report from .
the Secretary's desk; and Mr. Collamer read j
a report signed by himseif^as the minority of the j
committee. |
Mr. DOUGLAS. Inasmuch as we are now in |
the last week of the session, and each House has i
passed the measure on which it stands on this j
tjuchtion, and it is important that we should pro- J
ceed to the consideration of the appropriation ;
bills, the committee thought it would be wise j
to move to Iny this bill on the table, and make j;
that the test question, in order not to ocupy the ;
whole day in a new debate on the subject. If e
there is any Senator who desires to expr< ss his ;
opinion on this question, h'1 will have an oppor- ;
tumty to do so on the appropnation bill, winch j
will come up immediately, which contains a rider
of the House of Representatives bringing up the
whole subject. I move to lav the bill onthetabh*,
and ask for the yeas and nays on that motion.
Air. SEWARD. I lose for the purpose of ;
asking for the yeas and nays on this question; j
and if the honorable Senator will indulge rne '
with a single word of explanation, not an argu-
ment 
The PRKSIDENT^rotettywre.- The question
is not debatable.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the consent of the hon-
orable chairman to say one word in explanation.
Mr. DOCJGLAS. If it is the last time you
wili request it, and it is merely a personal expla-
nation, I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. SEWARD. J cannot promise that. I
jdiall vote against laying this mil on the table,
and in doing so I desire to state that there are
parts of the bill for which I could cheerfully vote,
and should be very glad to have an opportunity
of voting. There aie other parts of the bill which
I repudiate and condemn as decidedly as the com-
mittee who have reported against the whole.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I renew iny motion,and ask
for the ye.isand nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTOiY. 1 vote alnrmatively, under
the instruction of my Legislature.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 12; as follows:
YE If?—Me^rs. Adams, Allen, Cell of Temn'bM;p, Ben-,
janu'-i, Oiiiler, JBrmht, lirodhoad, Urowx^Uitb-i,
Clay. Douda^Evan-;, FiUpatnek,Cover, UouMon,IIuntei,
Jve^on, .lonc> d'Tenne^ee, M.iliory. Ma^on, i'ratt, i'uyh,
Held, c?ebd-tun, cnidoll^ Vtuait, Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson of W\v Jrr-jey, Toombs, Toucey, \\ cller,
Wnuht, and Vulef—3.">.
NA\ Me>.-i^ Bel! of New Hampshire, Collamer, Fe>-
senden, Fibh, Foot, Foster. Hale, Harlan, Sewaid, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—12.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that both the ma-
jority and minority reports be printed for the use
of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 also make a motion, -tfltrcli
will, of course, go to the Committee on Printing,
for the printing of ten thousand ext£a copies of
both reports.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
colonel Fremont's accounts.
Mr. P>IGLER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution or in-
quiry, offered by me on Saturday last,m relation
to Colonel Fremontaccounts.
_Mr._ WELLER. That resolution is sure to
give rise to discussion", and I hope it will not be
taken up at this time m the session. There are
a great many very important bills to be acted on
T am as anxious as the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia to obtain the information for which his reso-
lution calls, but I think it can be obtained with-
out coming in now at this moment, when we are
about proceeding to the consideration of the
regular business. 1 have no objection to its be-
ing taken up, if there be no discussion on it.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 presume there will be no
debate on it.
Mr. WILSON. J do not suppose the Senator
from Pennsylvania, or any other Senator, expects
that resolution to pass this body without discus-
sion. There are many important bills before the
Senate; and if the majority here wish to defer
those bills for the discussion of a resolution which
can give credit to no man who supports it here
or elsewhere, I am willing that they shall com-
mence the e^peiiment; but the resolution will
j not pass without discussion.
] Mr. WELLER. x I hope it will not be taken
t up. My friend from Pennsylvania ought not to
| press it at this time. At least I think not.
J Mr. .HZG-LEIv. I hope the resolution will be
| taken up, especially alter the remarks of the
j Senator from Massachusetts. I am unable to see
j what there is in that resolution that is to reflect
| discredit on any man who votes for it. It is but
j a resolution of inquiry. It merely calls for the
: record in the case of a public officcr, for which
i we have many precedents.
! Mr. IILJjSTKR. , Tjie Senator from Pennsyl-
! vamo will allow me to ask him a question. Does
! h<> mean to lay down the rosolutionat one o'clock?
1 If he does not, I must oppose taking it up. We
I ought to bhgett work upon tlie appropriation bills,
i Sir. BIG-LEU. If an hour could be fixed for
j its consideration, kshould give way at present;
, but I suppose that cannot be done. I insist upon
the vote.
j Mr. SEWARD. I desire to say that this is
j one of those resolutions against which [ never
I vote, and for which I always vote, upon the
ground, that truth will do no harm to anybody;
while an effort suppress falsehood may do
wrong and injustice to the cause of truth. Ak
far as I ani*concerrird, 1 am willing that the reso-
lution should be taken and passed. I agree, how-
ever, with the Senator from Massachusetts, thai
it is a fair subject for discussion, though 1 do not
desire to diseusw It myself. I hope that, under
the circumstances,-the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia will be allowed to call up his resolution, at
all events, so that we may have an opportunity
to show that we do not desire to obstruct its
passage.
Mr. jBIGtLER. 1 had not anticipated opposi-
tion to this resolution. I had supposed that the
Senator from Massachusetts would be perfectly
willing that a resolution which would develop©
the entire truth in reference to charges which are
now made boldly in the public newspapers,
should be brought forth. I do not undertake to
say what measure of truth may be in those alle-
gations, but the gentleman to whom they refer
is now a candidate for the most important office
in this country. These are grave allegations.
His whole proceedings in regard to the matters
involved will indicate how far he may_ be lit for
the presidential chair, and I am astonished that
the Senator from Massachusetts should object to
this resolution. Why, sir, you remember very
well, that in 184S, when the venerable Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Cass] was a candidate for
the Presidency, his entire record of the disburse-
ments of the public moneys in the Territories was
called for, and his friends made no resist&noe. A
similar resolution was passed calling, for the
money receiveu by, and the expenditures of Gen-
eral "fay lor, and thcrti was no objection. ]; think
