1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
bite liis heels; and yet he is to submit to a judg-
ment of this kind! It may be said that before a
court-martial he would have been convicted. It
is a sufficient answer to say that he is willing to be
tried. If ray honorable friend from Florida will
bring forward his proposition to serve notice on
those who have been dismissed, to show ca.use
why they should not retain their commissions, I
will answer for him, this man will come forward
and face the music.
Mr. President, I have brought these cases to
the attention of the Senate in the performance of
a duty to those who have committed their me-
morials to me. Now, the question is, what is the
remedy? It has been suggested that we should
repeal the law, and various other remedies have
been proposed, on which I intend to give no
judgment. It is not my province to do so until
I shall have a full report from the appropriate
committee. I have not attempted, and I shall
not attempt, to become a partisan in this matter.
I shall endeavor to do my duty to the best of my
ability with all the lights before me. My friend
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] has made some sug-
gestions to me on this point which I entirely
adopt, but I shall not steal his thunder; and there-
fore I will resign the floor to him to consider the
opinions advanced by the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, in reference to the point whether the
thirty new captains of whom he spoke have law-
fully received appointments to those places from
the President. I do not believe it, but I leave
my friend from Virginia to meet that point.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President I should be very
proud of the honor of appearing even to add some-
thing to the beautiful structure which has just
signalized the eloquence of my honorable friend
from South Carolina; but I shall not undertake it.
I had designed, and I so told him, to ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate for a short time to-day, in
vindicating some suggestions which I threw out
at a former stage of the debate on this question,
to w hat the effect would be of repealing the law
of the last session, and withholding the advice
and consent of the Senate to the nominations for
promotion which we understand have been made.
To that point very much I shall confine the re-
marks which I am about to make; for it has struck
me (and the more I have thought of it, the more
I am impressed with the opinion) that from the
vice of this law, as well as the mode of its ad-
ministration, a fatal blow has been struck at
the naval service of the country; and unless the
only ample remedy be extended—that of undoing
all that has been done, and beginning de novo—
our Navy will never recover from it. Such is my
impression.
In looking at this law, I apprehend no gentle-
man can scan it carefully without apprehending
that its whole framework is wrong. We have
been told just now, by the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, with that vigor which belongs to
his mind, that the board comprised within itself
witness, prosecutor, and judge, and, from its con-
stitution, remained thus exclusive. Such was its
character. The board is not responsible for it;
but the law is responsible for it. In this con-
nection I will refer to a question which I put, a
short time since, to the honorable chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Mallory,]
m reference to the fact that, while the board was
sitting, a correspondence took place between one
or more of the officers of that board, seeking
information in reference to an officer who was to
be passed upon by the board. I understood the
chairman to say that no such correspondence ever
took place for the purpose of criminating one who
was to be passed upon by the board. Sir, if a
correspondence took place at all—if information
was sought for the purpose of dispelling rumor,
as I doubt not, honestly, yet the fact which we
thus learn, that information was sought through
such channels, marks the unfortunate mode m
which the law was interpreted and administered.
If its members permitted themselves to seek in-
formation through channels of correspondence,
for any purpose affectmg the character of an
officer, it manifests the wrong of the whole
proceeding. If you seek, by correspondence, to
learn whether reports injurious to the character
of an offieerare true, with a view to dispel them,
and obtain from such irresponsible sources inform-
ation that they are true, they would not be dis-
pelled; and what would be the effect then?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
allow me to interrupt him for a moment on this
question ?
Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think my friend
from Florida took his ground a little too strongly
in answering the interrogatory to which my friend
from Virginia is alluding. I submit to my friend
from Florida whether he has not seen copies of a
correspondence between a member of the board
and Lieutenant Rhind, and whether a member of
the board did not write to Lieutenant Rhind, call-
ing his attention to some charges preferred against
Lieutenant Bartlett, and asking him to respond
to the board as to his knowledge of the facts?
Was not that letter of a member of the board
dated 011 the 18th of July last, and was not the
response dated on the 22d of July, four days
afterwards? I would ask further, whether in that
correspondence Lieutenant Rhind does not say
that lie asked the member of the board what was
the result: "Did you receive my letter?'' He
answered: " Yes; but it was too late; Lieutenant
Bartlett had been dismissed before your letter
came." Has my friend from Florida seen such
a correspondence as this?
Mr. MALLORY. The recollection of my friend
from Tennessee is exceedingly accurate as to
details. I have just informed the honorable Sen-
ator, that I did see a letter written by one of the
members of the board, andlknowbutofthatone
letter ever bring written. I will not undertake to
repeat the details which my friend seems to recol-
lect so accurately, because I have not fully read
them. I have seen the letter to which he alludes,
written by a member of the board to Lieutenant
Rhind; and, while I have an opportunity to say so,
I will hero remark, that it was written for the
express purpose of exonerating the officer alluded
to in the letter, from a reputation which was
supposed, at least by the board, to be generally
attached to him throughout the service by his
peers. It was written from an honest desire to
seek at the fountain head, where the information
was supposed to be, which was requisite to clear
him and to exonerate him.
In executive session 1 could say more upon this
subject, and, I think, satisfy the honorable Sen-
ator from Tennessee that he is entirely wrong in
his impression as to the object of the correspond-
ence to which he refers, and as to its effect; but I
have no disposition to add the weight of a feather
to the mortification of any gentleman induced
by the action of the board. In executive session,
however, at any proper time, when the subject
shall be under consideration, I have no doubt I
can satisfy the honorable Senator of the correct-
ness of my own impressions on this point. The
letter wns written for the purpose of exonerating
the officer from impressions which, 1 may say,
were unanimous on the mind of the board. 1 do
not know the fact, but 1 believe that, in that case,
the impressions of the board were unanimous;
and the letter was written from an honest desire
and determination, if possible, to relieve him from
the odium of those impressions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I perhaps recol-
lect the letter with more distinctness than the
Senator from Florida 
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I submit to the
Senator from Tennessee whether this sort of in-
terjection ofhis views of that correspondence may
not do injustice to the purpose I had in view in
adverting to it? I had heard that there was such
a correspondence, and took measures to inform
myself of the fact; but I adverted to it only for
the purpose of showing that some of the board
considered themselves at liberty to draw testimony
from such irresponsible sources; I mean, irrespons-
ible to the just sanctions winch should accom-
pany evidence affecting character; and, although
it may be true, that the letter was written for the
purpose of obtaining information to dispel rumors,
it does not at ail do away with the objection to
seeking information of that character for any pur-
pose. Why, sir, the officer as to whom that in-
formation was sought was at that very time in
service on the coast of Africa. The honoiable
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs says
that an officer of the board applied to the highest
source of information in regard to him. I submit
that the highest source of information was the
man charged: why not apply to him to know if
the charge was true, and give him the name of
the accuser, let him know who made the charge,
and put it in hi? power to dispel it, if untrue ? I
say, it necessarily follows that with whatever hon-
orable purpose that letter may have been written,
if the information derived had gone to confirm: the
charge, and the board had acted on it, they would
have illustrated the objections I thus take to the
character of the evidence—founding their judg-
ment on irresponsible evidence, which mig^t turn
out at last to be mere rumor or the result of friisin-
formation. It was only for the purpose of show-
ing how utterly at the mercy of opinion, prejudice,
or crude, unfounded impressions those officers of
the Navy were, who were subjected to a tribunal
thus constituted and thus acting.
I rose, however, principally for the purpose of
endeavoring to make good what I look upon as
a very important branch of this inquiry—as to
what would be the effect if we should undo all
that has been done, with the purpose of beginning
anew; and beginning anew with the object, not
| of disbanding the Navy, not of thinning its ranks,
' but of cutting off the dead-wood, if there be any,
around this important trunk. I said on a former
occasion that, according to my conception, the
law was not executed, at least so far as officers
who have been placed on the retired list are con-
cerned. Those who have been dropped from
the Navy, I presume, arc beyond the reach of
legislation; but as to those wlio are on the retired
j list, the law is not executed; and, until the final
! step is taken of confirming the new appointments
; which the law authorizes, the whole subject is
! under the control of the Senate as a part of the
' appointing power, acting in unison with legisla-
; tion.
| Let us see how the matter stands. If you re-
! peal the law, what will you have done? The law
; provides that there shall be a retired list; and if
the law be repealed, that retired list will at once
i cease to exist. 1 presume no one will controvert
j that. The law provides that those who are placed
I on the retired list shall be ineligible to promotion.
| If you repeal the law, that ineligibility to pro-
motion is at once at an end. The law does not
take away (he commissions of any of the officers
who have been retired. It leaves them all with
the commissions which they enjoyed at the time
the law was passed; it leaves their commissions
i entirely unaffected. Every man who was a cap-
• tain remains a captain, and every man who was
[ a commander remains a Commander, and so with
! the lieutenants. The law does not reach their
j commissions. Then, if you repeal the law, you
i destroy the retired list, and you restore their eli-
| gibility to promotion, and thus put the officers
! precisely where they were before the law was
i passed, except so far as their positions in their
respective grades are affected by the late promo-
1 tlOlltf.
But, sir, the law has further authorized the
; President to consider that those who went upon
the retired list created vacancies, and has author-
| lzcd the President to fill those vacancies by new
; appointments. Well, sir, let the President send m
i those nominations. We know, as part of the
history of the country, that the promotions have
I been made and the commissions have been issued,
i We are told that officers with those commissions
1 have gone abroad in command, or in stations ap~
1 propriatc to their commissions. That may be
S true. The President, however, must send in those
nominations to the Senate during this session.
; Suppose the Senate should refuse to confirm them.
, If we refuse to confirm them, under the Consti-
r tution the commissions which have been issued
| during the recess will expire with the expiration
i of this session, and the officers to whom they have
| been issued will then stand precisely where they
did before the commissions were issued; they will
be remitted to their former rank and grade; and
, thus, by a repeal of the law, and a disaffirmance
! of the promotions under it, every officer of the
i Navy who yet remains in the Navy, including
those on the retired list, will be remitted to the
position which he held before the law was passed.
The honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr.
Benjamin] took a different view of the subject,
j That Senator says that, although we may disaf-
! firm those nominations, the subject, fortunately
1 for the country, will still be beyond the reach of
legislation. Why? Because, stud he, the Pres-
ident alone can fill the vacancies; and if we refuse
t to confirm the nominations, the yacancies will yet
