1146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 8,
them; and they are Indians, and as such they sympathize
with their brethren. But the course of the authorities has
been finu, energetic, and decisive, commanding the confi-
dence of the community and the affection of the Indians.
Besides these four thousand on reservations in chaige of
local agents, we have three thousand more on the western
shore of the Sound and on the Straits de Fuca.
I have recently heard from the Nez Perses, the Cceur
d'Almes, and the Spokaoes. The former are firm in their
allegiance; but the Spokanes urge me to have a military
force ui the Great Prairie, between diem and the hostile
Indians, so these latter may not be driven to their country
and thus incite their young men to war.
The letter of Garry, chief of the Spokanes, is a most plain-
tive and earnest call for help, so his hands may be strength-
ened in keeping his people to their plighted faith ; and the
coincidence is remarkable that this Indian chief, a white
man in education and views of life, should ask me to do the
very tiling I have urged upon you; for you will remember
in my memoir, I urge that the troops, in operating against
the Indians, should be interposed between the friendly and
hostile tribes to prevent those now friendly from joining m
the war. I have, sir, studied the charaeterof these Indians,
and my views as to the influence upon the friendly Indians
of the mode ol carrying on the war against the hostiles are
confirmed by the only highly educated Indian of either
Oregon or Washington, and the head chief of the very tribe
in reference to which I made this recommendation and felt
the moht solicitude. Not a word has ever passed between
us lu reference to the subject.
You are doubtless informed that the Indians have com-
menced offensive operations east of the Cascades, and have
attacked the steamers plying between the Cascades and the
Dalles, and the trams moving towards Walla-Walla. This
bold course will enable them to operate upon theSpokanes,
the Colvillh, the Oknmkanes, the Lower Pond d'Oreilles,
the Cceur d'Alines, who have five hundred warriors, and the
tribes north of the line, who have three to five hundred
more. Unless struck east of the Cascades before the close
of May, you will have to meet a combination of from eigh-
teen hundied to two thousand warriors. Their families
and stock will be m secure retreat4* in the mountains, and
unless before that tune the Indians here are completely Mib-
dued, and the passes over the mountains secured by block-
houses, it will be within the range of probabilities that a
large portion of the friendly Indians on the Sound can be
incited to hostility. The Chkatats and Yakimas know all
the passes of the Cascades, and can readily cro^s after the
month of May. Hence the necessity of the most vigorous
blows now, of no changing of plans, of having troops in
the settlements to guard against any sudden outbreak of the
friendly Indians. Two men have recently been killed
within sixteen miles of the capital of the Terntoi y by a band
of marauders, who have only been driven out within the
last few days.
It seems to me that the present condition of things im-
poses upon you the necessity of rccogni/.mg the services of
the volunteers of the two Territories now in the field, and
of your doing eveiythmg to facilitate their opeiations. Hut
if you w.tsie your exertions in the fi unless etloit to induce
either the authoiitiesto withdraw tb«ir troops, to abandon
their plan of campaign in order to comply with your requi-
sition, or to meet your peculiar notion**, f assure you now,
sir, that I, as the Governor of Washington, will cast upon
you the whole responsibility of any difficulty which may
aiise in consequence; and that by my firm, steady, and
energetic course, and by my determination to cooperate
with the regular service, whatever may be the ptovocation
to the contrary, I will vindicate the justice of my course
and maintain my reputation as a faitlilul public servant. I
wain you, sir? that unless your eouwe is changed you will
have difficulties m relation to which your only salvation
will be the firm and decided policy of the two Termories
Whose services you have ignored, whose people you bare
calumniated, and whose reject you have long ceased to
possess. You have eried in vmr judgment as to volunteers
being needed at all here ; and, as I have before observed,
in calling for volunteers alter increasing a ibioe deemed by
you sufheient—two companies—you have vindicated the
justice and necessity of my acts in organizing the people of
the Territoiy as its Executive. I have thus piaoucally
your own indorsement that I have judged rightly when you
were in error; and my judgment having thus been sanc-
tioned m calling out volunteers, I prefer to rely upon it in
the matter both of the number required and the organiza-
tion that will give them the most efficiency.
Can you presume, sir. to be able to correct your opinions
by a hasty vi&it to the Sound for a few hours? and do you
expect that, having taken my deliberate course, I shall
change my plans on a single intimation from you, without
even a confidence between us? Were you desirous, sir,
to harmonize and unite the elements of strength on the
Sound, you would have seen that it was your duty at lea^t
to have informed me of your presence, and to have invited
me to a conference. There was ample time for it; for it
was less difficult for me to reach you, on receiving notice,
than Colonel Casey; and I have shown thiougbout the
mo>t anxious desire to cooperate with the regular service.
Whilst in the country in the fall and winter you com-
plained that the authorities of the two Territories did not
communicate with you. Why did you not inform me of
your presence m the Sound on your ariivnl at Steilacoom ?
I learned of your probable arrival by simply learning on
Saturday morning, by my express, of your having left Van-
couver, and t immediately dispatched the chief of my staff
to wait upon you with a letter, but you were gone ; and
whether you did not know the courtesy due to the civil
authorities of this Territoiy, who had taken the proper
course to place themselves m relations with you, or whether
you weie unwilling to meet a man whose safety you had
criminally neglected, and whose general views .you had
been compelled to adopt, is a matter entirely immaterial to
me.
f inclose a copy of the letter transmitted by the hands of
Adjutant General James Tdton, the Surveyor Geueial of
the Territory of Washington.
After the defeat of the Indians m the Walla- Walla valley
they were completely cowed, and for weeks spies only
ttftSnaloBrivfcrtb exanurra the country. Gradually
becoming emboldened, they have since come over in small
parties and got some small successes in running off horses-;
and now they have more than recovered from the prestige
of that defeat. They are making attacks on the whole line
of communication, and arc now firm and united, more
hopeful, and have more strength than when the war was
commenced.
What, sir, would have been the effect if Governor Curry
had not made the movement which you condemn, and my
party, with the friendly Nez Perses, had been cut off? Sir,
there would have been a hurricane of war between the
Cascades and Bitter Root, and three thousand warriors
would now be in arms. Every tribe would have joined, in-
cluding the Snakes, and the spirit of hostility would have
spread east of the Bitwr Root to the Upper Pond d'Oreilles.
I believe, sir, I would have forced my way through the
five or six hundred hostiles in the Walla-Walla valley
with fifty-odd white men and one hundred and fifty Nez
Perses. Would you have expected it—could the country
expect it? And what was the duty of those having forces at
their command ? Governor Curry sent his volunteers and
defeated the enemy. You disbanded the company of Wash-
ington Territory volunteers raised expressly to be sent to my
aid.
I have reported your refusal to send me succor to the
Department of Wai,and have given s>ome of the circum-
stances attending that refusal. The company was under
the command of Captain William McKey. Before you
arrived there was a pledge that it should be mustered into
the regular service and sent to my assi&tance. Major Rains
informed me that he did everything in his power to induce
you to send it on. William McKey informs me that he
called on you personally, and that you would do nothing. I
am informed t hat your own aul-de-eamp, Lieutenant Arnold,
endeavored to get you to change your determination. What
was your answer? "Governor Stevens can take care of
himself." u Governor Stevens will go down the Missouri."
"Governor Stevens will get aid from"General Harney." u If
Governor Stevens wants aid he will send for it." These
wei e your answers, according to the changing humor of the
moment.
And now, sir, in view of your assertion that you dis-
banded no troops raised for my relief, and that my commu-
nication gave yOti the first intelligence that any were raised
foi such a purpose, I commend the chalice to your own lips,
" that I trust you will be governed" hereafter'' by the truth
and the truth only."
I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient,
ISAAC I. STEVENS,
Governor of Washington Territory.
Major General John E. Wool,
Commanding Pacific Division.
Mr. GIDDINGS obtained the floor; but yielded
it to
Mr. FLAGLER, who moved an adjournment.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half past three o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
journed until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 8, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel "Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
_ Mr. CLAYTON presented two petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania and New Jersey, pray-
ing that the provisions of the act of 1852, for the
better protection of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, may be extended to ferry-boats; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Joseph C. G. Kennedy,
E raying to be allowed the same compensation for
is services as Superintendent of the Census, that
he received as Secretary of the Census Board;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. FISH presented resolutions of the Board
of Trade of Oswego, New York, and resolutions
of the Common Council of the city of Oswego,
in favor of an appropriation for the construction
of a marine hospital at that place; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, resolutions of the Board of Trade of Os-
wego, New York, and resolutions of the Common
Council of the city of Oswego, in favor of the
enlargement of the plan of the building about to
be erected in that city for the accommodation of
the custom-house, post office, and United States
courts; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER presented a memorial of the
president and directors of the Boston Submarine
and Wrecking Company, praying for a remission
of duties on all articles recovered from wrecked
and sunken vessels; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts in favor of an appropriation for the
ereetion of a breakwater on Crow Shoal, in Del-
aware Bay; which was referred to the Committee
oh Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Peter
Parker, praying for compensation for his services
as acting Commissioner of the United States to
China ; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO A PAGE.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate be directed to inquire
into the propriety of paying to F. B. Gilbert (late a page m
the Senate) the same extra compensation as was allowed
the other pages of the second session of the Thirtieth Con-
gress.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred the memorial of the Corporation of
Georgetown, praying for an appropriation for
the removal of the mud in the harbor of that
town, and of the obstructions in the channel of
the Potomac, to report a bill (S. No. 291) to pro-
vide for the improvement of the harbor of George-
town, in the District of Columbia. I desire to
say that I report this bill in obedience to the
instructions of the committee. It will depend
upon future investigation, and on events which
have not yet transpired, whether I can give it my
support when it comes up for consideration.
The bil! was read the first time, and ordered to
a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a memorial of a committee of the
Corporation of Georgetown, reported a bill (S.
No. 290) to relieve the Corporation of George-
town from the paymeut of bills for making roads
west of Rock creek; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on the
Post Ofifbe and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of the legal representatives of
George Mayo, deceased, reported a bill (S. No.
292) for their relief; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
HEIRS OF JABEZ B. ROOKER.
Mr. WADE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Claims to make a report, accompanied by
a bill (S, No. 289) for the relief of the heirs of
Jahoz B. Rooker, deceased.
The bill was read the first time, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. WADE. That bill is one which has
passed before, and it has the unanimous concur-
rence of the committee. I therefore ask that it
may be now considered.
Ihcre being no objection, the bill was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. Its purpose is to direct the proper
accounting officers to settle and adjust the ac-
counts of Jabcz B. Rooker, deceased, late a clerk
to the Commissioner of Public Buildings, allow-
ing him at the rate of $900 per annum for the time
he was actually employed in that service subse-
quent to March 3, 1843; and the amount remaining
due to him is to be paid to his surviving children.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. CuLLOM,the Clerk, announc-
ing that the House had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
8,) to amend the "act in addition to certain acts
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers who have been engaged m the military ser-
vice of the United States," approved March 3,
1855.
Also, that the House had passed a bill (H. R.
No. 56) making a grant of land to the State of
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in that State.
DANISH SOUND DUES.
Mr. MASON. 1 presume that the resolution
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, relating
to the notice terminating the treaty with Den-
mark, will come up now. If not, I ask that it
may be called up.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no further
reports, the next business will brj the motion of
