THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
remain as vacancies unfilled, and though we repeal
thela%, the officers who have been retired will not
thereby be legislated into those vacancies.
My first answer to the honorable Senator—and
I submit to him that it is a complete answer—is,
that if there be vacancies, (which I shall presently
question,) the law created them; and if the law
created the vacancies, cannot the law destroy the
vacancies? Yes, sir, as a strictly logical conclu-
sion I say, if the law can create vacancies, the
law can uncreate or destroy them. If there be
vacancies, they have been created by this law. I
shall deny presently that there are or were any
vacancies; but if there were, they were created by
the law, and by the law alone. If the law alone
qreated them, and you repeal the law, what be-
comes of the vacancies, or if in the repealing you
declare that there were no vacancies, what will
be the effect? It is just as competent for Congress
to do that as to make vacancies.
Sir, the difficulty is that the law has under-
taken to do what the law cannot do. The whole
fnjtme-work of the law is wrong and misconceived
in reference to the Constitution. The Constitu-
tion of the United States leaves to legislation the
Creation of offices except where ordained by it-
self. It leaves to legislation to prescribe the func-
tions and the duties of offices, but it gives to the
executive power the authority to fill the offices by
the appointment of officers. The language of the
Constitution is, that the President " shall nom-
inate, and, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, shall appoint embassadors, other
public ministers, and consuls, judges of the Su-
preme Court, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointments are not herein other-
wise provided for, and which shall be established
by law;" but the Constitution qualifies this
power by adding, "but the Congress may by
law vest the appointment of such inferior officers
$s they may think proper,in the Prcsidentalone,
in the courts of law, or m the heads of Depart-
ments." The President, therefore, unless re-
strained by a law of Congress as to inferior offi-
cers, must nominate all officers of every kind;
and then the Constitution provides: " The Presi-
dent shall have power to fill up all vacancies that
may happen during the recess of the Senate, by
granting commissions which shall expire at the
end of their next session."
Now let us bring this law to the test of the
Constitution. Former laws created naval offices,
and in doing so declared that there should be
§ixty-eight post captains m the Navy. The law
was competent to do that. If any one of those
captains dies, or resigns, or is dismissed from the
service, his place becomes vacant within the
meaning of the Constitution; and if that vacancy
happens in the recess of Congress the President
can issue a temporary commission to fill the
vacancy. That is not the case, however, now
presented to us. Having; sixty-oifthi officers who
hold the office of captain m the Navy, this law
has undertaken to say, that when a certain num-
ber of* them are, pursuant to its provisions, made
ineligible to pzomotion, and placed upon the re-
tired lixt, that vacancies are thereby created in the
ofKcc of post captain in number equal to those so
retired. Let us test this a little further.
When the law wax passed there were sixty-
eight captains m the Navy. IJy the action of
the ifaval board, and its approval by the Presi-
dent, three of them have been dismissed from the
service. How many remain? Sixty-live. But
all who are placed on the retired list, says the
law, also vacate their offices—vacancies which
thy President is authorized to fill. How is the
vacancy effected? We know what a vacancy
is, not only in popular acceptation, but in legal
acceptation. It is the vacation of an office. It
means that that which was full has become empty;
and the Constitution has provided that, when an
office docs become empty, or vacant, it shall be
filled by the Executive, as the appointing power;
but here we have by law sixty-eight offices, and
three of the officers holding them having been
dismissed, sixty-five remained, and there are three
vacancies.
But, besides, the three who were dismissed,
twenty-eight of the original number, holding
their commissions unaffected, have by law been
disabled to a certain extent in the appropriate
functions of their office—and by reason of such
disabilities the law declares their offices vacant.
If, indeed, their offices are vacant, then those
who held them hold them no longer; but their
commissions, which are the muniments of title,
remain as they were, their designations as post
captains in the Navy remain to them, and by
virtue of their commissions they are liable to dis-
charge the duties of their offices when ordered by
the President. If in office at all, they are in of-
fice as post captains, and you have thus twenty-
eight of these high officers out of office in intend-
ment of the law, but in office in fact, and to every
practical purpose. It results, in my judgment,
that the law has simply declared tnat to exist
which in fact does not exist, to wit: vacancies
created in office by its modification of the func-
tions of the officer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to ask the Senator
from Virginia a question. Suppose that we had
already confirmed the nominations which it is
said the President has sent to this body, and after
confirming them we should repeal the law, what,
then, would be the effect?
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I think, in pros-
ecuting the inquiry, the Senator will find a full
answer to his question, and, in getting that an-
swer, he will find, when the Senate are brought
to consider the nominations of those who have
been promoted, greater constitutional difficulties
beset his path than, so far as I am informed, he
has yet seen. Now, sir, we must construe this
law, if we can, so as to reconcile it with the Con-
stitution, and give it effect. We cannot reconcile
it with the Constitution if we consider that the
law has vacated the office of post captain. In
considering the law, I think we shall find that
there are but three vacancies by the operation of
the naval board and the act of the President, cre-
ated in the grade of post captain, those vacancies
having been created by the dismissal of three
captains. I take the captains for illustration, and
of course the observation applies to the other
grades.
Where is the office which, before the passage
of this law, was filled by Commodore Charles
Stewart? He is a post captain in the Navy still.
Is there a vacancy in his office of post captain?
He retains his commission utterly unaffected—a
commission that filled one of the sixty-eight
offices existing by law, and he remains upon the
same duty which ho was discharging at the time
when he was disrated. 1 ask, then, is there a
vacancy in the office filled by Charles Stewart?
The law in question says there is a vacancy, but
the fact is there is none. You must construe the
law, if you can, to reconcile it with the Consti- !
tution and give it effect. The law says the Presi- ,
dent shall create, by promotion, so many post :
captains as may bo dropped or retired from active
service by his act and that of the naval board,
and he has done it. In doing it he has appointed
thirty-one additional post captains; £tnd if you
take the Navy Register you will find that there
are now over ninety post captains in the Navy—
thirty-one of them new appointments made to fill
the vacancies declared to exist by the late law.
The effect has been to appoint thirty-one new post
eaptams, and to increase the list of captains to
over ninety, instead of sixty-eight, [t. is compe-
tent to the iawto do it. The law can create nine
hundred post captains, if Congress considers it
the policy of the Government to do so; and the
effect of this law has been to create thirty-one
new offices of post captain, and they have been
filled by the President.
Now, I come to the answer to the question of
the Senator from Louisiana. That Senator has
experienced, I doubt not, what all have experi-
enced who have attained his age and mine, and
whose duty it has been, in professional or other
life, to bring their minds closely to the examina-
tion of a subject, that wc are more likely to com-
prehend it in all its bearings when we arc called
to act directly on it, than when we are indulging,
as we have been indulging here, in a discursive
debate on a proposition to which the debate is
not relevant. The President, executing this law,
considered that those vacancies which the law
attempted to create were vacancies which hap-
pened in the recess of the Senate, because the
naval board sat and pronounced its judgment,
and the President confirmed its judgment, in the
recess. Thus, he seems to have considered that
they were vacancies happening in the recess, and
he filled them as the Constitution would authorize
him to fill them, provided they were vacancies,
and provided they happened in the recess of the
Senate, by issu ing commissions before nomination
and confirmation by the Senate.
I will not say that I defy the legal acumen of
any intellect to place a different construction on
the, law; but if any other construction can be
placed on the law than that the authority to fill
those alleged vacancies is the creation of so
many new offices, I have as yet been unable to
see it. If they be new offices, the act of the Pres-
ident in issuing these commissions is merely
void. He might send nominations to the Senate,
and ask them to advise and consent to them as
appointments to new offices, because as to such
nominations confirmation must precede commis-
sions.
I say, then, that, according to my construction
of this law, the whole frame-work of itisbad. It
is at war with the Constitution. It has attempted
to create vacancies when it could not create va-
cancies. It has required that vacancies should
be filled when no vacancies existed. The only
sensible construction you can place on it, to
reconcile it to the Constitution, is, that it pro-
vides, in this indirect and clumsy manner, for the
appointment of thirty-one new captains in the
Navy; and if that be the effect, all will acknowl-
edge that those new offices can alone be filled by
nominations to the Senate preceding the commis-
sions, and that no commissions can issue until
the nominations be confirmed. If I am right in
this view of the subject, it will follow that, when
those nominations come in, they must be disaf-
firmed, bccause the Constitution did not authorize
such appointments in the recess of the Senate.
I submit, then, to the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, first, that if it should be the pleasure
of Congress to repeal the law, and the Senate
should find it to be their duty to reject the nom-
inations—or, more properly, to withhold their
assent to them—because the commissions were
improvidently issued, every officer in the Navy?
except those who have been dropped, will &e
remitted exactly to the position which he held
before the board sat, unaffected by its action.
These considerations, Mr. President, I throw
out for what they may be worth, and chiefly to
awake inquiry, when we are called on to act on
the questions involved in the proper construc-
tion of this law, and the action of the Executive
under it.
Now, sir, I shall-not go, as my justly distin-
guished friend from South Carolina did, into a
presentation of the particular cases of officers
whose memorials I have presented, and who have
been made the subject of the action of this law.
I shall wait and examine carefully and with entire
respect such suggestions as may come to us from
the Committee on Naval Affairs. But, knowing
what I do know personally—for I have some
personal acquaintance with officers of the Navy,
though with but very few of them, who have been
disrated by this act—I say, that unless there be
something against them which does not appear m
common life, and which ought to be judicially
inquired into, I cannot shut my eyes to the fact
that some of them, as known to me, are both com-
petent and efficient for all their duty, ashore and
afloat; now, if they ever were since, they have
been in the Navy. I cannot shut my eyes to the
fact and consent to preclude further inquiry,when
I hear it asserted from many quarters that officers
have been disrated or dropped, not because they
weie inefficient or incapable mentally or physic-
ally, but because of the doing of some act that
would justly deprive them of their commission;
and if such be the fact, they are entitled to be
heard under the forms and sanctions of judicial
inquiry.
Nor can I be blind to those appearances which
would seem to indicate (and which are to some
extent confirmed by suggestions that have from
time to time fallen from the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs) that the law was inter-
preted to give to the board the power of dis-
banding a portion of the Navy for the purpose
of thinning the ranks. There were, in fact, too
many officers for the ships; and, having too many
officers for the ships, it was necessary that a cer-
tain number of them should be disposed of.
The Senator from Florida, I think,—certainly
others, if not he,—have sought to justify the ad-
ministration of this law by comparing it with the
