1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4M
action under the law for reducing the Army at the
close of the war of 183 2. Let those Senators who
liken the one law to the other, bring in a bill de-
claring, in terms, that the personnel of the Navy-
requires to be rcduced; that there are too many
officers for the ships, as was the fact at the close
of the war in relation to the Army, and we shall
be prepared to exercise our deliberate judgment
whether it would be wise to reduce it; but when
a law is brought in to put out of the Navy those
who are incompetent and inefficient, and that law
is interpreted to give the power to thin the ranks
because there were too many officers, X say it is
a misinterpretation—a grevious wrong. I can
see no remedy ample enough, but to undo all that
has been done, ana to remit these gentlemen each
to the position which he occupied before the law
was passed, and then to begin anew. If this is not
done, mark my words—I do not claim to be a
prophet—but 1 say, if it is necessary for the public
service, that wc should thus thin tne ranks of the
Navy in order to give promotion to younger offi-
cers by a board so constituted as to draw their
ovidence and their information from sources
utterly irresponsible, and most generally inter-
ested, you will convert the corps of naval offi-
cers—amongst whom there existed previously a
Fraternity of honor—into a corps of detractors
and spies and informers on each other.
That will be the inevitable result. We have
a Naval Academy at Annapolis bringing young
apprentices into service every year. The same
pressure from below will still go on, and in ten
or fifteen years there will be the same difficulties
as to supernumerary officers which exist now,
and you will have to go through the same process,
provided this shall be established as the policy of
the Navy. It requires no great insight into the
motives of human action to know that men ought
not to be, and should not be, trusted in this man-
ner to discharge such a duty. Sir, if I may follow
the example of my justly distinguished friend
from South Carolina, in looking to the relations
which we bear to another world in reference to
our duties in this, I would cite to honorable
Senators that beautiful invocation in the Lord's
Prayer—"Lead us not into temptation"—an in-
vocation that precedes the prayer to "Deliver us
from evil." Wc had no right to place these men
in the position in which they stood on that board.
We did lead them into temptation—a grievous
one. The law attempted to remedy it by pro-
viding that inferiors should not pass on supe-
riors, but the law permitted and authorized one
class of officers to pass on others of the same class;
it permitted the lieutenants to pass on lieuten-
ants; the commanders on commanders; the cap-
tains on captains; and although the captains had
no higher grade to which they could be promoted,
the other officers had. If they took a body of
two hundred or three hundred commanders, and
disrated forty, or fifty, or sixty of them, was it
not done by gentlemen who were to derive benefit
from their own act ? Some of them have been
actually promoted in consequence of their own
finding as members of the board.
I am very far from making any assault on any
gentleman who was a member of the board. ^
Jiave made none—I intend to make none. I know
that many of them—probably all of them—dis-
charged a most disagreeable and odious duty; and
what I have to regret is, that some of them did
not take the ground which Commodore Stewart
took, in 1846, when he declined to discharge a
like duty required of him by the Secretary of
the Navy; and he gave as reasons for declining
it, those which, in my judgment, should be con-
clusive against the construction of any such ;
board- He gave the reasons of a sagacious and I
sensible mind. The Secretary of the Navy, at
that time, convened a board for the purpose of
determining who should be furloughed; and he
required of that board, not each to deliver his
own individual opinion, but to deliver as the judg-
ment of the board the sense of the majority.
Commodore Stewart refused to do it. He put
his commission against it, and the result was, (I
do not know whether the board reported or not,)
there was no action under it.
I have no doubt that these gntlemen discharged
this duty as honorable men should discharge it;
but I say you led them into temptation—tempta-
tion into which no man should be placed, and
against which the policy of ail civilized law
guards. If it be necessary to thin the ranks of
the Navy, because there are too many officers for
the ships, some other mode can be devised for
doing it; and when it is done measures must fol-
low to prevent the evil—to prevent the increase
of officers as disproportioned to the increase of
the Navy. That is the great object, I apprehend,
in reference to which this law has been misinter-
preted and perverted.
Mr. TOuCEY. I think, Mr. President,-the
attention of the Senate has not been sufficiently
drawn to the distribution of power between the
different departments of the Government. The
honorable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Critten-
den] expressed the opinion that, upon the repeal
of this law, those who have been stricken from
the rolls of the Navy by the President will be
restored to office. It is obvious that that opinion
is founded on the idea that, by the operation of
this law, they nre stricken from the rolls, and it
is in neglect of the real fact that they are stricken
from the rolls by the President of the United
States, by virtue of his constitutional power.
Sir, it is not in the power of the legislative de-
partment to strike any officer from the roll of the
Navy or of the Army. It is not in the power of
the Legislature to remove any man from civil
office. It is not a subject of legislation. The
whole power of removal is vested in the Presi-
dent of the United States; and unless, in this case,
ho has exercised that power, those whose names
have been thus stricken from the Navy would
still hold their commissions. This board has not
removed them. This board has done precisely
what Congress intended it should do—made a
recommendation to the President. They recom-
mended without trial; they expressed their opin-
ion; and the Piesident lias done what Congress
intended the President should do. Confiding in
their opinion, unless he had grounds of dissent,
he has acted and has exercised his constitutional
power; and therefore it is, that with regard to
those officers who have been stricken from the
rolls, they are not now in the Navy, and there is
no power in the Government which can restore
them to the Navy, save only the President of the
United States, with the assent of the Senate; or, at
least, by a law conferring on him alone the power
to do it. For this reason, the repeal of the law
will have no effect upon their condition. The
only remedy that can be applied must be by the
Executive; and when the Executive nominates,
the Senate has the power to confirm or not to con-
firm. While I am speaking on that point, I will
go further, and venture to say that I am sure the
President will, cooperate cheerfully with this
branch of Congress m doing justice to any one
who has suffered under the provisions of this
law.
Sir, if Congress had, in form, conferred on this
board the power to strike officers from the rolls,
it would have been utterly void. It is not com-
petent for the. legislative department to confer on
any board of officers such a power. The discre-
tion is not in the board—it is in the President
of the United States; and it is not only vested in
him by the Constitution without the aid of a law,
but no law can be enacted which would deprive
him of that discretion. The act is his. It may
have been founded upon the advice of this board
of officers; but it is, notwithstanding, his act.
Whatever confidence he may have reposed in the
recommendations of the board, the result is his
act, upon Ins responsibility.
But, sir, the honorable Senator from Louisiana
expressed the opinion, if I comprehended the
purport of his argument, that with regard to the
vacancies in the active service list resulting from
the creation of a retired list, they may be filled by
the President alone, without the consent of the
Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not at all, Mr. President;
I never pretended any such thing as that.
Mr. TOUCEY. 1 stand corrected. Then he
does not make the law, by his construction, to
be one which wc had undoubtedly the power to
pass, in regard to the appointment of subordinate
officers. We have the power to authorize the
President to fill subordinate offices without the
consent of the Senate; but not having done so, I
probably do not differ from the honorable Senator
in regard to the construction of this law, respect-
ing the power of the President. The power of
the President was to fill the placcs of those retired
by temporary appointments, until the termination
of the present session of the Senate; and when
this session shall have ended, if the Senate 1ms
not meanwhile concurred in those appointments,
they will fall to the ground; and it will not be in
the power of the President then to fill them tem-
porarily, for they must bo filled by a nomination
and confirmation, and in no other mode. That
is now, I believe, the universal sentiment with
regard to the power of the President in making
appointments.
These nominations for temporary appointments
have not been confirmed; and, if not confirmed,*
they will cease when this session shall terminate.
They will cease, moreover, when this law shall
be repealed; because, singular as it may appear,
the law, which purports, with the consent of the
President, to create a vacancy, is construed to
mean, and does mean, that it creates a now office.
Twenty-eight of the sixty-eight captains of the
Navy have been put on the retired list, and the con-
struction placed on this law is, that the same num-
ber of additional offices has been created bylaw,
and those constructive vacancies have been filled
by temporary appointment; they are filled solely
on the ground that the effect and operation or
this law, creating a vacancy, creates an office to be
vacant; and it is obviously the intention of Con-
gress that there shall be these additional offices,
and that they shall be vacant, and then that they
shall be filled. I think the intention of Congress,
although it is expressed in that manner, is per*
fectly clear. It was -the intention of Congress
to create these additional offices ; and they are, as
the honorable Senator from Virginia has said,
original offices, which, if I rightly understand the
Constitution, cannot bo filled in the vacation of the
Senate. I say, it is a remarkable feature of this
law that, in creating an office, it docs not do so
in terms, but does so under the form of creating
a vacancy; treating it as a vacancy in an office
which had not previously been creatcd.
Now, what will be the effect of a repeal of this
law ? The repeal of the law will repeal the offices
which are created under the denomination of
vacancies. Those officers who are upon the retired
list are not out of the Navy; their commissions
have not been taken from "them. They are still
officers of the Navy; they are, by the express
provisions of this law, liable to be called into
service at any time by Uie President. The Pres-
ident cannot call into service a private citizen td
discharge duty unless ho voluntarily comes; but
those who already hold commissions under the
Government, while they hold those commissions,
arc bound to embark m the service whenever
they are called upon. They arc, therefore, now
officers of the Navy, but they are, by this act,
placed upon a retired list; but when you repeal
the law which placed them on the retired list, are
they any longer on the retired list? They hold
a commission; their duties are regulated by law;
they are bound to obey their superior officers;
they arc bound to engage in the public scrvice
when they are requested so to do by their proper
commanding officers; they are, therefore, in th«
same condition precisely with any other officers
of the Navy, except that they are at present on
a peculiar list. If you repeal the law creating that
list, you will restore their former eligibility fully*
I think they arc not ineligible now to promotion*
That provision of this law which declared them
ineligible to promotion is most unquestionably
against the Constitution. It is not in the power
of Congress to say that, if a board of fifteen men,
with or without trial, shall express an opinion
that certain officers aro incapable of performing
fully their duties, they shall therefore be ineligible
to office. I think that, on that point, there can
be no diversity of opinion. When you undertake
here to provide by law that those who were
placed on the retired list should not be eligible to
promotion, you went beyond the bounds of your
authority. It is not competent for Congress thus
]j to limit the power of appointment?
j' The President has the right to select his officers
\\ from the whole country—^rom the Army, from
1 i the Navy, from private citizens. You "cannot
!| limit the constitutional power of the President so
' to do. You cannot modify that power. Not-
withstanding this plain constitutional power in
this very law, with regard to those meritorious
officers who arc placed on the retired list, in the
language of the act, without any fault of their
