2022
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
sachusetts this morning rejoices that that official
exhibit vindicated the Senator from Michigan;
and if we are to believe him at all, he is equally
certain that this development will vindicate his
candidate for the Presidency. Then why object
to it? Is he opposed to his candidate? Would
he prefer to have him before the public in his
present attitude, rather ,yian have the facts devel-
oped, and have him acquitted?
I want the Senator from Massachusetts to
understand another thing: vtjhile he avows his
willingness to vote for the Resolution, he cannot
escape the impression which it will make on the
country, that he intends it shall not pass, if he
talks out the time at this date in the session. He
may think me blameworthy for not introducing
this subject before. I thought of it; I expected it
from the friends of Colonel Fremont. I could go
on and present to the Senate these grave allega-
tions; but I shall not consume the time of the
Senate. I have only to say^to the Senator from
Massachusetts, that I have no further remarks to
make on this subject; but if he chooses to prolong
the debate, and consume the time of the Senate,
for one I shall understand his^ purpose as intend-
ing to defeat this investigation and this develop-
ment.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I will detain
the Senate but for a moment; for I know how
anxious honorable Senators are to get rid of this
small business which the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has thrust into the Senate, and to proceed
to the legitimate business that crowds upon vis.
1 rise to thank the Senator from Pennsylvania for
his anxious solicitude for the reputation of Colonel
Fremont. The Senator expected, he now tells us,
that the friends of Colonel Fremont would have
called for an investigation; and as we have failed
to do so, he has volunteered to move his resolu-
tion of inquiry. Did the Senator expect that the
friends of Colonel Fremont would dignify the
slanders of the official organ? Did he expect that
they would gratify the friends of James Buchanan
by moving a resolution to drag from the files of
the Department papers, out of which political
malignity could abstract some word or phrase to
misrepresent the position—to blacken the charac-
ter—of an honorable man ? Sir, the friends of
Colonel Fremont leave to the Senator and those
who prompted him, whose organ he is, the honor
of originating and moving the resolution of
inquiry. Colonel Fremont and his friends will
doubtless appreciate the generous magnanimity
that prompted that Senator to rush to Ins vindi-
cation against the assassin-like slanders of his
own political calumniators.
But the Senator, Mr. President, is pleased to
inform the Senate that he shall not permit his
motives to be impugned — that beyond certain
boundaries he cannot permit any one to go.
Sir, I tell that Senator that I have not ques-
tioned his motives. I have nothing to do with
his motives. I know not, and I care not, what
motives actuated his conduct in this business.
I have spoken of his act in bringing this small
business into the Senate. I know that his act
is a little, petty, partisan act, and to his face, in
my place herein the floor of the Senate, I have
characterized it as such. I now tell him that I
intend to continue to characterize it as such, in
the Senate and out of the Senate. If he takes
offense at that, why, I cannot help it. Honor-
able, high-minded men, who have some concep-
tion of what belongs to the dignity of the Senate
—some appreciation of what belongs to the char-
acter of statesmen—will regard, and they con-
tinue to regard, this movement to which the
Senator from Pennsylvania has lent himself as
unworthy the Senate — as beneath the dignity
of any gentleman who occupies a seat in this
Chamber. Senators will not covet the honors the
Senator has won by this movement.
Mr, ADAMS. I wish to say one word by
way of explanation of my vote. I denounced,
in my State, the Whigs for the inquiry made m
regard to the Senator from Michigan, when he
was the Democratic candidate upon the occasion
referred to by the Senators who have spoken.
When a similar proposition to this was brought
upW years ago, in reference to the accounts
©f General Scott, I voted against it. I shall vote
against this; not on account of any sympathy
for the candidate of the Republican party. I
think, with all due respect fco tke opinion of
others, that with the character of the candidate
of any party we have nothing to do. Whenever
a party presents a candidate upon a particular
platform I have to deal with him as that platform
presents him. At all events, in a legislative
capacity, I am not going to do anything here,
directly or indirectly, with reference to the presi-
dential election. The information desired by this
resolution is accessible to any person in the
country. Any one can go to the Departments,
anc^|et it without senatorial aid. I cannot vote
for the resolution. If the platform on which
Colonel Fremont is placed, of a sectional organ-
ization, and of a declaration of war against the
South, is not sufficient to beat him, I have noth-
ing to do with his private character, and I will
not inquire into it; nor will I sanction by my vote
any inquiry into it so far as the Senate is con-
cerned, thinking we have no jurisdiction over it
as a legislative body.
Mr. WELLER. I certainly do not feel dis-
posed to enter into this discussion, but I ought
to correct an error into which the Senator from
Massachusetts has fallen. He speaks of having
in his drawer a document showing that the ac-
counts of Colonel Fremont were all settled three
years ago, when the Government paid him a bal-
ance of $180,000. I do not know whether the
accounts of Colonel Fremont have been closed at
the Department or not, but I know what the
$180,000 was paid for; and the Senator will find
in that report a letter from myself, and others, on
the subject. Indian commissioners having been
"sent to California, with authority to draw on the
Government for $50,000, they drew on the Gov-
ernment for $800,000. They proceeded topurchase
beef for the purpose of executing the informal
treaties they had made with the Indians, on the
principle that it was cheaper to feed the Indians
than to fight them. They purchased from Colonel
Fremont beef to the amount of $180,000. They
gave Colonel Fremont drafts on the Treasury,
where they had no funds of course to pay that
$180,000. Both branches of Congress were unwil-
ling to recognize the drafts which had been drawn
by these commissioners without authority of law,
and hence it was that Colonel Fremont applied
to Congress for relief. It was conceded on all
hands that the beef had been sold by him, and at
a just and fair price; that it was received by the
Indian commissioners, and by them distributed
amongst the Indians. When the claim was sub-
mitted to Congress, the question presented was,
whether or not the furnishing of that beef to the
Indians did not prevent California from becoming
involved in a war with them? They were then
in a starving condition. That of itself would
have driven them to war with our people; and
in view of that circumstance, the Indian commis-
sioners concluded, as I have said before, that it
was cheaper to feed them than to fight them.
The Senate being satisfied that the furnishing of
this beef did produce that effect, held themselves
equitably bound to make a just compensation to
Colonel Fremont for it. Thatis what the $180,000
was paid for. Whether his accounts be closed at
the Department, or not, I do not know. I shall
vote for the resolution, not that I consider the
information we shall obtain as valuable, nor be-
cause I propose to use any information which
may be had under it. I intend to oppose Colonel
Fremont's election on the broad ground, that he
ought not to be elected to the Presidency. I shall
oppose him because I believe his principles, if
carried out, are calculated to destroy this Gov-
ernment. I shall not oppose him because he has
or has not settled all his accounts in exploring
California.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, if there is any
one thing which is right and just in itself and
sustained by sound policy, it is that public ser-
vants shall at all times be required to render an
account of the public moneys with which they
are intrusted, and that under no circumstances
shall there be any successful effort made to screen
those who are intrusted with public trusts from
rendering a full account of their financial trans-
actions. It is for this reason that I was desirous
to vote for this proposition, irrespective of all
questions of a party nature which are connected
with it. I can never suffer any such partisan
question to make me vote contrary to a principle
so sound and important as this; but, since the
debate has taken the courseit has, itseems proper >
for me to say that, so far as I know and am ad-
vised, the friends of the gentleman concerned
have no desire to avoid any such inquiry, but
they invite it and defy it, and it will be found in
the result that the financial transactions of this
distinguished gentleman have been conducted
with justice and fidelity to the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, as this
seems to be an attempt to overhaul the accounts
of one of the candidates for the Presidency, I
think it would be but fair that we should over-
haul them all, and I therefore propose an amend-
ment to the resolution offered by the Senator from
Pennsylvania. I propose to amend the resolution
by adding the following:
And that the President be requested to cause to be com-
municated to the Senate at the same time, similar informa-
tion in regard to all the transactions of James Buchanan aa
an officer of the Government, particularly showing how
much money has been paid to the said James Buchanan,
and for what services, or on what account, since he first
entered the public service; also, ail the correspondence
between the said James Buchanan, whilst minister to the
kingdom of Great Bntam, not heretofore communicated,
which may be made public without detriment to the public
interests, and especially all correspondence in regard to the
Ostend conference. Also, the reasons why the said James
Buchanan was removed from his position of minister to
Great Britain before the settlement of the Central American
and enlistment questions; or, if removed at his own request,
his reasons for asking to return, if known.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If my colleague is going to
inquire into the accounts of all the presidential
candidates, why does he not include Mr. Fill-
more ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will leave Mr. Fillmore
out. My colleague may put him in; but I think
it of very little consequence to inquire as to him.
I have no objection, however, to having Mr. Fill-
more's accounts examined also; but I wish to
say while I am up, in reply to a remark which
fell from the Senator from California, stating why-
he should oppose Colonel Fremont, that I shall
oppose the election of Mr. Buchanan, and I do
so distinctly on the ground that I believe the plat-
form on which Mr. Buchanan stands, if it is to be
carried out and adhered to, will prove destructive
of the interests of the country, and I very much
fear of the Union itself.
Mr. TilGLER. If the Senator from Illinois
will modify his amendment so as to cover only
that part which relates to receiving and account-
ing for money—pecuniary matters—I will accept
it most cheerfully; but he calls for what is imprac-
ticable—correspondence to which there is no ref-
erence in the original resolution, and which can-
not be readily furnished. If the Senator will
modify his amendment, as I have suggested, I
will accept it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the correspond-
ence in reference to the Ostend conference is par-
ticularly interesting at this time, and I would like
to have an edition of that published, so that we
may have it distributed generally through the
country. Perhaps there may be some correspond-
ence in reference to it not yet communicated. I
do not know how that is; I call for nothing which
may be regarded as incompatible with the publio
interest to make known.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all of it except that which
relates to pecuniary matters.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator from Illinois wants
this information, let him ask for it by a separate
resolution. I hope the Senate will vote down his
amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from Illi-
nois will withdraw the amendment. If there is
anything in the amendment that the Senator
wishes to call for, let it be put in a separate reso-
lution. I think we had better take the vote on
this resolution of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
and not clog it with any propositions concerning
Mr. Buchanan.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL call for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. As we are to be put on the
record on this subject, I desire simply to say that,
if the Senator from Illinois was content to divide
his proposition, and present as an amendment so
much of it as relates to Mr. Buchanan's financial
connection with the Government, I should vote for
it, because that I consider it germane to ths ori-
ginal proposition. Then if he will embody the
