xm.)
34th Com. *•« 1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41S
Political JJarti&$—Slavery—Mr. Day.
Ho. or Rips.
the ordinal** of 178? for the government of the
Territory northwest of the river Ohio.
On lix 8th ■ (" February, 1803, the proceedings
of the convention of Indiana, praying a suspen-
on of the xixik section of the ordinance of 1787
for the pert.wl of ten year#, vaa presented to the
House of Representatives by the Speaker. This
brtxafbt up the whole Question of the validity of
the ordinance, and of the power and expediency
of Congress giving to the people of the Territory
the right to admit or prohibit slavery for the
term of ten years, ltwaa referred to a committee,
composed of John Randolph, chairman, and of
Roger Cin*wold, of Connecticut, Robert Wil-
liams, of North Carolina, Lewi* R. Morris, of
Vermont, and William Hoge, of Pennsylvania.
On the 2d of March, 1803, Mr. Randolph, from
this commute*, reported that—
" The enmnunes deem a bifhly dangsreo* and taexpe-
Aaot to impair a proruxm wisely calculated to promou the
hapfxnr** aud prosperity of the Northwestern country, and
to give Mrrngth anJ security to tliat extensive frontier. The
committee thereupon, rwxnraeml lite adoption of a resolu-
tion, dedanng u inexpedient to M^tid Um uit aeetioa of
lb* (Mdiaaaoe, cm lor a baited uiae."
The report waa committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the elate of the Union. But
Congress adjourned the next day, and conse-
quently it waa never readied, nor no action ever
had upon it.
This report of Mr. Randolph not only ex-
presses his opinion of the validity of the ordi-
nance, of the power of Congress over slavery in
the Territories, and of the expediency of exer-
cising it, but the universal sentiment of the people
of that day in all parts of the country.
The act organizing the Territory of Michigan
passed January II, 1805; the act organizing the
Territory of Illinois, on the 3d of February, 1809.
They each reenaeted the ordinance of 1787, and
extended it over their respective Territories.
On the 30th of March, 1830, the act for the ad-
mission of Missouri into the Union waa passed,
the eighth section of which prohibited slavery
north of 36° 30* north latitude, in the Louisiana
Territory. This is the first time that the power
of Congress to require a new State to exclude
slavery as a condition of her admission into the
Union, or to prohibit it in a Territory, waa ever
discussed or called in question in Congress. The
main discussion was upon the power of Congress
to require a State to exclude slavery, as a condi-
tion precedent to her admission into the Union.
Frequent allusions, however, were made to the
Sower of Congress over slavery in the Territories,
n the 15th of February, 1819, Philip P. Bar- |
boar, of Virginia, made a speech in the House !
of Representatives on the Missouri restriction, ,
in which be said:
" Whilst the proposed State con timed a put ef oar Ter-
ritory, on \be footing of the territorial gevennneBt, it would
have been cuwpzieni for a*, wider the power cipmnuly
p«r>, u> make ail needful rul u and regulations, to have
established the principle* now proposed."
That is, to have prohibited slavery. In a sub-
sequent part of the same speech he says:
"The State Lfulamietcan do it, [prohibit slavery,} be-
came In them appertains the whole business of municipal
legislation, and ttiu regulation would he embraced tritnin
tt; and Congress eookj do the name in relation to its terri- i
f*ia! governments, lenwe *«er Uaa me pssins tkt whale
f*x*r •/ mtmucifaiItgWmtitm."
On the 38th of Janaary, 1830, Mr. Van Dyke, ,
of Delaware, made a speech in the Senate on the
Missouri restriction, in which he said:
" If Congress were now making rales and regulations
respecting the Tstxitones, this eisase would support tlie
elstui of power."
On the 26th of January, 1820, Mr. 8. Smith,
of Maryland, made a speech on the Missouri
restriction in the House of Representatives, in
which he said:
" He considered the power of Congress over the Terri-
tory as supreme and unlimited before iu admission ; that
Congress could impose on its Territories any restrictions it
tbmijhi proper, and the people, when they settled therein,
did ui uudera foil knowledge of the restriction."
It will also be remembered that the Missouri
restriction was passed by nearly the entire rote
from the South against the great body of the
northern members. i
Tbt act to organize the Territory of Wisconsin ,
was passed April 20, 1836, and Iowa, June 12, j j
1838. The ordinance of 1787 was expressly I!
extended over Wisconsin, and the Missouri re-
striction over Iowa.
The joint resolution for the annexation of
Texaa, excluding slavery in States that might be
created from territory north of 36° 30", was passed
March 1,1845.
The Territory of Oregon waa organized by an
act passed March 14,1848, and Minnesota, Mr.rch
3, 1849, and the ordinance of 1787 is expressly
extended over them.
In the debates on the compromise measures of
1850, Mr. Clay and Mr. Webster both asserted,
in the strongest possible terms, that they could
under no circumstances be induced to vote for the
extension of slavery into territory that is now
free, and asserted the power of Congress over
slavery in the Territoriea.
So stands the history and practice of the Gov-
ernment,from its organisation to the present time.
There is no uncertainty, or doubt, or inconsist-
ency about it. The practice has been uniform
and universal. No official act of any department
of the Government can be found denying to Con-
gress the power to prohibit slavery in the Terri-
tories. Ir the power exists, the people of the
free States owe it to themselves and to their pos-
terity to see that it is exercised. It is not a ques-
tion which affects the negro slone. It might be
well enough to consider how far we would be
justifiable, in the sight of Heaven and in the
judgment of the civilised world, in making these
Territories the abodes of oppression and misery,
and all the evils which slavery brings in its train.
But this is only a secondary consideration. If
slavery goes into Kansas, free labor and freemen
cannot and ought not to go there. Where sla-
very exists, rugged toil carries social degradation
ana infamy with it. The sons of the farmers of
Ohio will not go into Kansas, and cultivate their
own fields with their own handa, if the adjoining
fields on the other side of the hedge are cultivated
by slaves under the lash of the task-master. The
mechanic* of New England will not go into Kan-
sas, and work in company, or in competition,
with their neighbor's goods and chattels. A
New England carpenter, who ought to have
a thousand dollars for building a house which
would cost him six months' hard labor, cannot
come in competition with a man who can buy a
carpenter, body and soul, for twelve or fifteen
hundred dollars, have his house built, and then
sell him again for the same money.
If Kansas is to be surrendered to slavery, where
are the farmers of Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, tb find homes for their children in
fifty rears from this time? Are.they to be
crowded up to Minnesota, and the hyperborean
regions adjacent to Lake Superior, and the 49th
parallel of latitude? - Why should they? Is
there any reason why .they should surrender it?
None that I know of, unless it is to preserve the
Union. And before they surrender it on that
ground, they should be very sure that it will save
it, and that it will ttay sated. We paid Texas
ten or fifteen millions of dollars for lands to which
she bad no more right than to so many square
miles of moonshine, psssed the fugitive slave
law, organized territorial governments for New
Mexico and U tah, without excluding slavery; all
to save the Union. But, in less than four years,
the surrender of Kansas is demanded in the face
of a solemn compact for the exclusion of slavery
from it forever. And this must be submitted to,
or the Union will be dissolved. Observation and
common sense ought to have taught us, long ago,
that submission to unjust demands naturally and
necessarily invites further aggression and further
outrage.
Let us make a stand, then, while we have the
power of resistance; for if slave States are to be
created in the new Territories west of the Mis-
souri, (and they must all stand or fall together,)
it will not be many years before we shall be de-
prived of the power of making any effectual
resistance. I trust that the people of the free
States will never, under any circumstances, sur-
render Kansas to slavery. I would exhort them,
in the language of the dying Highland chief to 1
his successor: •' Kenneth, son of Eracht, keep
thou unsoiled the freedom which I leave thee as
• birthright. Barter it not; neither for the rich ,
garment, nor the stone roof, nor for the covered !
board , nor the conch of down; on the roek or in
the valley, in abundanceor in famine, in the leafy
summer or in the days of iron winter, son of the
mist, be free as thy forefathers."
POLITICAL PARTIES—SLAVERY.
S P E E C H 0 F HON-. T. C.DAY,
OF OHIO,
In th  House or rernetsntativo,
April 23, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of ths Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. DAY said: Mr. Chairman, in the eddying
fight, amid the din of clashing arms, and the roar
of artillery, when the murky clouds of heaven-
ward-wreathing smoke becomes too dense for ths
fell work to go successfully on, there are lulls in
the storm of numan passion to give breath to the
combatants, and entible them to distinguish friend
from foe. So, in the milder conflicts of the polit-
ical arena, in the wordy war of debate, and ths
thunder of the press, when a cloud of platforms
obscure the field, it becomes necessary to havs
some pause, to examine the ground, to see what
ij changes of positions have occurred—to study, de-
I cide, and fight on. To my mind such a time is
| now upon us, and for one I frankly confess, that
< I notice some changes which need explanations,
and with which we can hope to have results ex-
plained. I propose only a cursory glance of the
main points of the political battle-field for the last
thirty years, to trace the growth of an interest
which nas embraced in iu folds the Democratic
party of the past, and made of it a huge work-
shop of new aoctrines, resolves, and wire-drawn
platforms.
Since the meeting of this House, during ths
struggle through which we passed in the election
of a Speaker, and since, we have had many able
disquisitions on Democracy by those whose prov-
ince it has been, in times past, to act as tutors;
and we have also had some efforts in that line
from pupils, whose rapid progress in their Dem-
ocratic studies, if not a maxvel to themselves, is
so to some of us. I have listened to these ha-
rangues with some interest, satisfied that 1 had
widely diverged from the old paths, or that lights
unknown to the past had recently been discov-
ered, which were patent to the few, who in ths
kindness of their hearts were willing to illuminate
the uninitiated. But my nttention has been fruit-
less; either the pupil is too obtuse, or the teachers
are not as acute as they should be. I see upon
this floor members whose lives have been passed
in battling against Democratic ideas and meas-
ures—members who have won for themselves
laurels for forensic ability in furious onslaughts
on what they then deemed a Pandora's box of
human evils—the Democratic party; members
who can boast long years of scarred service in
antagonism to Democratic principles and leaders,
and who now speak of their affiliation with what
; they call Democracy with all the staidnees of old
soldiers, instead of the blush of the new recruit.
| And I will do them the justice to say, that I be-
lieve they are conaistent in all this; that their
present position has not required for them any
surrender of the past; that they now stand where
they have always stood. In the recent dismem-
berment of parties, when the one they loved and
cherished for its conservative qualities died of po-
litical marasmus, it left to the hot-headed, impet-
uous rival which had fought it long and gallantly,
the dangerous legacy of its interests, and the care
of an estate so incumbered and mortgaged, that,
after a few years of painful struggles, it will end
in the ruin of its possessors. The remains have
been followed to their final resting-place by de-
voted servitors, whose dropping tears have been
dried and joy quickened in their heart by the more
than fraternal endea. ...ents of the special legatee
of the dear defunct. Hence the position of the
gentlemen to whom I have alluded, and thousands
elsewhere, throughout the length and breadth of
our Republic, whose belief in the doctrine of the
transmigration of souls has been fully and joy-
fully realized.
It has been the pride of my life to rank myself
