1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
the gentleman calls destroying a vacancy could
by no possibility exist. ,
But, sir, the Senator from Connecticut admits
my premises. The Senator from Connecticut
views the question at first, as 1 do. He says that
all these vacancies—for vacancies he admits them
to be—are created by the President of the United
States, in the exercise of an undoubted constitu-
tional prerogative. He says it makes no differ-
ence—and in this I agree with him—by what
means the President makes up his determination
to exercise his constitutional power. He may
have been right, or he may have been wrong, in
adopting the conclusions of this board of officers.
He had a perfect right to act without the advice
of the board; he had a perfect right to take the
advice of the board, and adopt it, if he pleased;
and, when he adopted its advice, he exercised an
executive discretion in so doing; and, exercising
that executive discretion, he brought into active
operation the executive prerogative of dismissing
the dropped officers from the Navy. That seems,
now, to be admitted on all sides. It appears to
be universally conceded that it is beyond our
power to put those officers back without the action
of the Executive; or in fact to do anything in
relation to them, except to advise and concur in
executive appointments.
Now, in regard to those officers who are re-
served, I desire to make some further answer to
the propositions of the honorable Senator from
Connecticut which, to my mind—I say it with
the profoundest respect for that gentleman—in-
volve legal absurdities and consequences that can
by no possibility be reconciled. He assumes the
position, that, although these vacancies have
existed—although they have been filled by the
President—although the officers who hold the
President's commission filling those vacancies do
now hold those commissions under the law and
under the Constitution of the United States, un-
impeachable until the Senate adjourns, if the
Senate does not act upon them,—yet that, if the
Senate shall adjourn without acting upon those
appointments, and shall, in the mean time, repeal
the law, the vacancies will no longer exist which
the President has heretofore been authorized to
fill. That I understand to be the proposition ol'
the honorable Senator from Connecticut. If that
be true, let us examine somewhat into the conse-
quences of the doctrine, and see if it is possible
to reconcile them with the theory. Tf that posi-
tion be true, let us take the supposition, that this
day Congress passes a law repealing the former
law. Tlieseofficersjunderthe theory of the Sena-
tor from Connecticut, are in the possession of
their offices rightfully and constitutionally, and
will be from tins time until our adjournment.
Mr. TOUCEY. No, sir, I did not advance
any such proposition. 1 have no idea, Mr. Pres-
ident, that when an office is created by law, and
the law creating it is repealed, the office still con-
tinues, or that the officer continues to hold ah
office which no longer exists. I say the con-
struction of this law was to create additional
offices, and if those offices were filled, (which I
am not prepared to admit,) and we should to-day
repeal those offices, they are no longer filled; they
are no longer held, because there is nothing to
hold. An*office is not created for the officer, but
for the public service; and when it ceases to exist,
the person who held it is no longer an officer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, the closer
we get to the point, the more, difficult it is for us
to understand precisely the propositions of gen-
tlemen, because the suppositions which they are
making seem to me to be repugnant to the very
language of the Constitution, to the very spirit
of the Constitution, to the very theory of our
Government. Just now I understood the conces-
sion to be made, as I stated it, by the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, that vacancies in the
active-service list of the Navy had unquestion-
ably been created by the act of the President of
the United States in the exercise of an undoubted
power; that the. President of the United States,
acting under the authority conferred upon him
by this law, had examined into the cases of par-
ticular officers, and exercising his discretion, had
removed them from the active-service list to the
retired list.
Mr. TOUCEY. If the honorable Senator will
allow me to explain, I will make myself under-
stood by him.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will yield the floor with
pleasure.
Mr. TOUCEY. The removal of these officers
from the active service to the retired list did not
vacate the offices which they held. They still hold
the offices which they occupied before. They
hold the commissions which they at firstreceived.
There was no vacancy created in their offices;
but if there were any vacancies to be filled, they
are vacancies created by implication of law.
That is to say, the law is to be so construed as
to create a new office, and the new office was not
created until it was filled, (if, indeed, it ever was
filled;) but being a new office, without an incum-
bent, wo call it a vacancy, though it may not be
a vacancy within the meaning of the Constitution
for the exercise of the power of the President. I
meant to present the idea distinctly, that what is
called a vacancy in this law is not a vacancy in
office preexisting, but is the simple fact that the
newly-created offices were not filled, and in that
sense were vacant.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator explain
to me, for I desire most sincerely to understand
his position, what newly-created offices he sup-
poses were made by this law? What wore the
new offices created by the law?
Mr. TOUCEY. The new offices which are
supposed to have been created by the law, were
new offices to the number of those who were
removed to the retired list. I think that is the
construction which has been put upon the law.
Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend from Lou-
isiana allow me to ask a question, because I really
wish to understand the matter?
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 am seeking information.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not know that I can give
it; but I think this question deserves reflection,
and I would be very glad if my friend from Lou-
isiana would devote reflection to it. My inquiry
is, if there were a war to-morrow, and there were
occasion to order out those who have been retired
and those who have been recognized as taking
their places, would there not be ninety captains,
instead of sixty-five, in the Navy, provided we
confirm those who have been promoted? That is
the point.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am coming to the ques-
tion as fast as I can. I begin to see a little day-
light. The proposition now is, that, when Con-
gress passed a law by which captains in the Navy
were to be removed by the President from the list
of officers in active service, they were promoted
to a new office.
Mr. TOUCEY. No, sir; they still remained
in their old office.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then where is the new
office?
Several Senators. Those who have been pro-
moted hold it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is very difficult for me.
to understand, exactly, the position which I am
to answer. If there is a vacancy in the service,
all admit the President had the right to fill it.
Gentlemen say there was no vacancy. I ask them
why ? They say there was no vacancy, because
these officers continued to occupy the same rank
and position in the Navy which they occupied
before. To that 1 reply, the law says that they
shall not; the law says, that when it is applied to
these officers, and they arc removed to a different
list, their removal to a different list shall create a
vacancy, and that vacancy shall be filled by the
President.
Mr. TOUCEY. Will the honorable Senator
allow me, in my turn, to ask him a single ques-
tion ? How many captains have we in the Navy
at this time ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will, in a moment, come
to it.
Mr. BUTLER. Perhaps the Senator had bet-
ter defer his remarks until Monday. I should very
much like to hear him go into the subject fully.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not at all; I prefer to go
on now, for I have no desire to make a speech.
I wish gentlemen to come to the point. I find
myself assailed by questions from all sides, but i
nobody answers mine. I want to get an answer
to my questions. For the first time to-day, it
has been suggested here that gentlemen who w ere
lemoved from active service were appointed to a
new office.
Mr. TOUCEY. Not at all; nobody has sug-
gested that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then, what are the new
offices created by the law?
Mr. TOUCEY. I will state. Commodore
Stewart was captain in the Navy before the pas-
sage of this law. He is a captain in the Navy
now, by the same commission. So of every'
other captain in the reserved list. The President
has nominated to the Senate, and in the vacation
he has appointed some thirty other captains
beyond those who were authorized by the pre-
vious law. Now, I concede that the operation of
the law was to create thirty new offices, without
creating any real vacancy; but the vacancy which
arose merely resulted from the fact that the now
offices were not filled. The President has filled
them only temporarily, until the end of the pres-
ent session; and I say, if you repeal the law, you
repeal the offices; ana that is what I understood
to be the meaning of the honorable Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. BUTLER. I really wish to understand
this subject, and I know that the Senator from
Louisiana is a lawyer who can shed light upon
it. I will state to him my view of it. All the
officers who are retired have been declared to be
dormant partners, but they are partners still, and
the new ones who have been created have been
made active partners in the concern; but they are
all partners. They are all officers of the Navy.
Commodore Stewart could be ordered to sea to-
morrow. That is my opinion.
Mr. M ALLORY. The law expressly says so.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I take the true construc-
tion of the law to be this, and all the ingenuity
of all the honorable Senators cannot shake the
common sense of the question. There were sixty-
eight captains in the Navy formerly. The Con-
gress of the United States at its last session pro-
vided for removing from the sixty-eight captains
in the Navy such of them as were inefficient, and
provided a retreat for officers so removed, and
directed that, when the President of the United
States had created vacancies by those removals,
he should fill the vacancies so created.
Mr. TOUCEY. Are they out of the Navy?
Mr. BENJAMIN. They are out of the Navy
Mr. TOUCEY. There we differ.
Mr. MASON. The law says they are in the
Navy.
Mr. BENJAMIN. They are out of the Navy
in the sense in which the law intended them to
be out of the Navy; that is to say, they are out
of the list of Sixty-eight captains of the Navy
in active service, and they have been removed
to a new rank, or a new list created by law—
removed to a different class of service created by
law; and having been so removed, the places
which they previously occupied have been filled
by the Executive under the power vested in him
by the law and by the Constitution.
Mr. MASON. Allow me to ask the Senator,
are not those officers who are on the reserved list
with the grade of post captain, still'post captains ?
Mr. TOUCEY. Ifnew offices have beencreated,
the incumbents must have been nominated to the
Senate and confirmed.
Mr. MASON. I am speaking of those who
have been placed on the reserved list. I will take
the instance of Captain Charles Stewart. Is he
not still a post captain in the Navy ?
Mr. TOUCEY. By virtue of his former com-
mission.
Mr. MASON. Is he not a captain in the Navy
by virtue of his existing commission, which has
never been taken from h im ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. He is a retired captain in
the Navy. The active captain's commission in
the Navy held by Commodore Stewart has been
given to another.
Mr. MASON. Docs not the honorable Sena-
tor seo the difficulty at once? I ask him, is not
Commodore Stewart a post captain in the Navy
now? Is not his position precisely in that re-
spect what it was before the law was passed ?
Mr. MALLORY. Allow me to refer my friend
from Louisiana to the fourth section of the act m
these words: "nothing in this act shall be so con-
strued as to increase the aggregate number of
officers in the Navy." There was an express
provision inserted in the law that the aggregate
number of the officers should not be increased.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand perfectly well
that the aggregate, number of officers is not in-
creased. Sir. there are certain questions which
