183S.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2028
rest in a separate resolution I will vote for that;
but I do not choose to vote for a resolution which
mixes up the Ostend conference with private
accounts and everything else.
Mr. DOUG-LAS. My objection to my col-
league's amendment is that he is asking for vo-
luminous papers that probably cannot be copied
during the session. By including so many pa-
pers, most of which are now in print, it will defeat
the answer entirely. I am unwilling to have him
include such voluminous records that the answer
cannot be made; and thus defeat the original in-
quiry by indirection.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg to suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois, on this side of the
House, [Mr. Trumbull] a concurrence with the
suggestion of the Senator from Massachusetts to
offer his proposition as a distinct resolution. I
do not wish to amend the original resolution so as
to look like embarrassing it. At the same time
I think the resolution will pass unanimously, if
offered separately, as a distinct inquiry.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My object is not to em-
barrass the resolution. I shall vote for both
propositions. I shall vote for the resolution of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, and the objcct is
not to embarrass it. 1 would just as soon pre-
sent my amendment in a separate resolution; but
the matter is before the Senate, and there can be
no impropriety in calling for both now. As to
the correspondence being so voluminous that it
cannot be published, there is no difficulty about
that, for we know that books are published here
in a very few days.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out 
Several Senators. It is too late.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. BIGLER. Then I will vote in the nega-
tive, though I am "willing to vote for a separate,
independent resolution, imbodying the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Illinois.
The question being taken on Mr. Trumbull's
amendment by yeas and nays, and resulted—
yeas 9, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. I5ell of New Hampshire, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Hale, Harlan, Jones ol Tennessee, Trumbull,
and Wade—9.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen,-Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler,
Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Oa&s, Clay, Douglas,
Durkee, Fish, Fitzpatuck, Geyer, Hunter, I verson, Mallory,
Mason, Pratt, Pugh, lie id,. Sebastian, Seward, Slide)"!,
Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Toucey, Wel-
ier, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—-34.
So the amendment was rejected.
The resolution was agreed to.
DES MOINES RAPIDS VETO.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their
Clerk:
Mr. President: The President of the Fnited States
having returned to the House of Representative, m which
it ooginated, the bill entitled Ck An aet for continuing the
improvement of the Des Moines Rapids, m the Michigan
river," with his objections thereto, the House of Repre-
sentatives proceeded, in pursuance of the Constitution, to
reconsider the same, and have resolved to pass the said
bill, two thirds of the House of Representatives agieemg to
pass the same, the objections of the President to the con-
trary notwithstanding. In this action of the House, I am
instructed to ask the concurrence of the Senate.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WELLER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill (S.
No. 186) to authorize and facilitate the construc-
tion of a railroad and magnetic telegraph through
the Territories of the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. I must ask for the yeas and
nays on that question. My purpose is, if this
motion fails> to submit one to take up the legis-
lative appropriation bill.
Mr. GEYER. I hope the railroad bill will not
be taken up, but that we shall consider the vetoed
bill returned from the House of Representatives.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allen, Bigler, Bright, Cass, Durkee,
Ff^enden, Foot, Foster, Harlan, Iverson, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mallory, Pugh, Seward, Stuart, Weller, and Wil-
son—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clay, Fish, Fitz-
patrick, Geyer, Hale, Houston, Hunter, Mason, Pratt, Reid,
Sebastian, Shdell, Toombs, Tiumbull, Wade, Wnglit,and
Yulee—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to make a remark
in connection with the vote which has just been
taken, in order that the Senate may see the situ-
ation in which I have been placed, by yielding,
in the first place, to the friends of the river and
harbor bills, and subsequently to the Senator from
Virginia. The bill, whieh I moved to take up,
was reported to the Senate by a select committee
on the 24th of March last. It was taken up on
the 18th of April, and considered during one day's
session. It was then postponed for two days,
and was subsequently postponed until it came in
collision with the river and harbor bills; and as
the friends of the river and harbor bills were gen-
erally the supporters of the Pacific railroad bill,
I was appealed to by them to yield until those
bills should be disposed of. There were some
twenty or thirty of them in number. I did yield
the floor with the impression that it would take
two or three days to dispose of them, and I
yielded it for the reason that I supposed some of
them at least would be passed over the Executive
veto; and in order to accomplish that object, it
was indispensably necessary that they should go
to the President in the shortest possible time.
Then, after these bills were disposed of, I again
made the motion to proceed to the consideration
of this bill. The Senator from Virginia, who had
charge of one of the general appropriation bills,
appealed to me to yield the floor, and allow the
Army appropriation bill to be taken up. As it
was an appropriation bill for the Army, and as I
occupied the position of chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs 011 tins floor, I did not feel
myself at liberty to resist the invitation of the Sen-
ator, to wait until he obtained action on that. That
was the bill which contained the Kansas repeal-
ing clause. I yielded the floor, and the Senate
disposed of that.
Then I was thrown over to Friday last. It
was private bill day. A private claim was taken
up, and my distinguished friend from Ohio [Mr.
Pugh] occupied some three and a half hours of
the time of the Senate in discussing it; so that
there has been plenty of time here to discuss all
questions, even to the consumption of a whole
day in a debate of a private character, whieh had
occupied the attention of the Senate two days
anterior to that; but, now, when I ask the Senate
this morning to take up this bill, I meet the Sen-
ator from Virginia, who says I may have it up
after he has passed all his general appropriation
bills. I submit to the Senate whether this is fair.
I could have defeated the friends of the river and
harbor bills by taking up the railroad bill in pre-
ference to their bills, but I should have had to
rely on the enemies of the bill. The gentlemen on
this side of the Chamber, who are opposed to the
river and harbor bills, would have voted with me
in order to defeat those bills. There were some
of those bills that I desired to see passed; there"
were some for which I voted; but I was unwilling
to place those Senators who were disposed to go
with me for my railroad in a false position. I
have yielded, until at last we approach the end
of the session; and now the Senator from Vir-
ginia is willing that I shall have it taken up when
there is nothing else to do, and then if I can pass
it over his votes and speeches, he is willing! That
is the sort of liberality which has been manifested
towards this measure.
It is probable that I shall make this motion
again, because 1 have heard some Senators assign
reasons of a personal character for the vote they
have given to-day. All I have desired is, that if
this bill commands the majority of the Senate,
it shall pass. If there be a majority opposed to
it, I am willing to test that by a motion to lay on
the table, for I do not want unnecessary debate.
I do not want to have the bill discussed, unless
there is a prospect of its passage.
Mr. SEWARD. I feel very much indebted to
the honorable Senator from California for the
aid which we derived from his assent to taking
npAe river and harbor bills, and I hold myself
unoer obligations to vote with him a"t all times,
and at any time, to take up his measure, and I
shall use my best efforts in the way which shall
seem to be most expedient to cooperate with him
in securing the passage of that bill. I hope he
will not relinquish it. I have only to say, that
the statement of the honorable Senator from Cal-
ifornia seems to be a confession of an error, but
it is from a gentleman who makes' few errors,
though it is not to be expected that he should
always be able to go through safely. The error
was m not adhering to his allies, the friends of
internal improvements, but turning off and making
another arrangement with those who opposed
them.
I desire to take this occasion to give notice that
I will, the day after to-morrow morning, at twelve
o'clock, ask the Senate to take up and consider
the President's reason for refusing his assent to
the Des Moines rapids bill, which has been passed
by the House of Representatives, notwithstanding
his veto.
Mr. WELLER. I will remark that in all the
movements I have made to get up the railroad bill
I have uniformly met the support of the Senator
from New York; and I will take this occasion to
say, that in all the measures I have introduced
here calculated to advance the interests of that
section of the Union from which I come, I have
not found a more ardent supporter than the Sen-
ator from NewYork; nor have I derived as much
aid from any Senator, in the passage of those
local bills, as from the Senator from New York.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 315) making appro-
priations for the scrvice of the Post Office Depart-
ment, during the fiscal year ending June 30,1857;
and, on motion of Mr. Hunter, it was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill (H. R. No. 202) making appropriations
for the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
penses of Government, for the year ending 30th
of June, 1857, which had been reported by the
Committee on Finance, with amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose every Senator hsa
read the bill. The Secretary had better read the
amendments, and let the question be taken on
them.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ments of the Committee on Finance. The first is
to insert in the appropriations for the officers of
the Senate:
Officer charged with the disbursements of the Senate,
$460; chief cleik, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next is to include in the same clause:
Clerk of Committee on Finance, $1,850; clerk of print-
ing records, $1,069 02.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment is to strike out" $69,484,"
and insert " $75,983 02."
Mr. HUNTER. The House omitted to insert
appropriations for some of our officers. We added
them, and that makes a difference in the amount.
The amendment was agreed to.
These three amendments are to one clause,
which as amended reads as follows:
For compensation of the officers, clerks, messengers, and
others, receiving an annual salary m the seivice of the Sen-
ate, viz: Secretaiy of the Senate, S-'S,600; officer charged
with the disburr-ements of the tieiiate, ^480 ; chief clerk,
.$9,500 ; principal clerk, and principal executive clerk in
office ol the Seeietaiv of the Senate, at $2,160 each; eight
clerks in office of the Secretary of the Senate, at $1,850
each; keeper of the stationery, §1,753; two messengers,
one at $1.080 dollars, and one at $750; one page, at *500;
Serjeant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, .$*2,000; Assistant Door-
keeper, $1,700 ; Po-unaster to the Senate,$1,750; Assist-
ant Postmaster and mail earlier, $1,440; two mail boys, at
$900 each; superintendent of the document room, $1,500 ;
two assistants 111 document room, at $1,200 each ; superin-
tendent of the folding room, §'1,500 ; two niessengeis, acting
as assistant doorkeepers, at ;£1,500 each; fifteen messen-
gers, at §1,200 each; superintendent in charge of Senate
furnaces. $1,080 ; assistant in charge of furnaces, jfOOO ;
laborer 111 private passage, $600 ; two laborers, at $480
each ; clerk or secretary to the Presiden! 01 the Senate,
SI,752 ; clerk of Committee on Finance, $I,P50 ; clerk of
print!us lccords, .$1,669 02: draught-man, $1,850; chap-
lam ol Senate, ^750; making $75,983 02.
The next amendment of the committee is to
strike out " $3,000" as the appropriation on the
part of the Senate for the Congressional Globe,
and insert" $72,651."
Mr. SEWARD. I rise simply to say that it
is impossible for us to follow the amendments as
fast as they are read. I trust the Senator from
Virginia will state the nature of the amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment in regard
