414
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 23,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Political Parties—Slavery—Mr. Day.
Ho. of Reps.
«s a Democrat; it is yet my boast, though not |
connected with the party which has the name,
i>ut not the soul, I venerate. We frequently hear
allusions on this floor to ancestry—of the Cava-
liers and Huguenots of the Old World; and,
though I have but little of that description of
veneration, I, too, can point to a Democratic
ancestry .which may beequaled,butnotexcelled—
where, from grandfather to grandson, no vote has
been cast other than for Democrats for Presidents,
from Thomas Jefferson down—down to Franklin
Pierce. And now I find myself in antagonism to
what is called the Democratic party; for, when it
inherited its legacy of conservatism, it did not
change its name, although it did its principles;
and,like those of old who went into the wilder-
ness, 1 am forced to wait for the smiting of the
rock of the future, out.of which is to gush the
pure waters of principle, of which the people may
drink and be made glad again.
No one can shut his eyes to the fact, that a
great change has taken place within a very short j
period of time; that that party which, unaer Jef- |
Jerson, was born to Itad the vanguard of tho Re-
publican army against the conservatism of Fed-
eralism; which was assaulted at its birth for its
heresies and its radicalisms, but which, like the
infant Hercules, was too powerful to be crushed;
which grew in strength and power, nurtured by
its clearly-defined principles of equal and exact
justice to all; and which had the love of every
heart not chilled by the icy breath of conserva-
tism, drawing to itself all who had energy, talent,
and soul, a desire to advance, and the nerve to
act. This party teas the Democratic party. For
half a century "it was the star of hope for the
.oppressed everywhere; it led in every conflict
with privileged power; it was the citadel and
strength of every movement of the people. Under
such a leader as Andrew Jackson it dared to ques-
tion the might of the greatest moneyed power our
Republic has known, and in that contest, as in all
others with conservatism, it came off victorious.
.When the people of Rhode Island, who had long,
suffered the loss of their inalienable rights, under
& charter granted by a king, and used by con- ;
servatism to prolong its power, wished to free ;
themselves of their yoke, this party ranged itself j
on their side, though the means to be used were ;
revolutionary. It proclaimed as its mission the j
enfranchisement of the oppressed, and it acted
in consonance with its preachings. It was the
radical, progressive, revolutionary party, opposed
to the ''law and order" of conservatism. Where
is that party now? That great and glorious
party of the past, with its living ideas, resolves,
and bold deeds, is now, by the decease of its old
antagonist, the inheritor of " law and order;"
instead of being the party of the people, it is the ]
party of privileged power. With one foot on the
heel, and the outer on the head of the negro, it
talks of nothing but " law and order." The lion
of Democracy has become the jackal of slavery.
When we see some wonderful phenomena of
nature, the mind is naturally led to inquire the
cause; and in human affairs we should not do less.
Why is it that its bold, radical, and progressive
policy has been abandoned, and the Democratic
party become retrogressive and conservative? I
nave intimated death as one cause—the departure
of the Whig party having left all the soul it had,
conservatism, to enter the body of the Democratic
. party; but the great cause is, instead of being a
party of one idea—progress, it has become a
party of two ideas—slavery and office. I know
one-idead parties are deemed very reprehensible
just now, but 1 would prefer such a party, if the
one idea was a good one, to the party with two,
and both bad.
In this connection, Mr. Chairman, I desire to
trace, as briefly and succinctly as possible, the
growth of one of the ideas now dominant with
the so-called Democratic party—an idea which
has frozen all the generous impulses that once
found a home in that party, and which has made
of it a receptacle of all that is selfish, all that is
conservative. It is an idea that, like the frozen
serpent placed by his hearth by the generous
farmer, has been warmed by the genial rays of
our republican sun—strange contradiction!—and
now threatens with its fangs the very life of lib-
erty itself. It is an idea which is ingrained in the
most selfish passions of our nature, knowing no
law but self—no rule but might. It was weak in
the first days of the Republic, asking only for
existence; now, it is bold and arrogant, claiming
the right to rule whore it should always have (
been a stranger. It is this idea, its growth and
present demands, which I wish to portrav; and,
though the colors will necessarily be somber, the
sketch will not be the less accurate.
At the time of the formation of the Constitu-
tion—the "organic law "—of which we now hear .
so much, and which is so widely and differently
construed, slavery existed in twelve of the thir-
teen States that fashioned that instrument. Yet,
with this preponderance of slave States, so well '
satisfied were the framers of that instrument of
the evil tendencies of an institution which they
felt to be out of place in their new-born Republic,
that their first care was to prevent the further
importation of slaves, and thus shut the door
upon a rapid increase of that description of prop-
erty. In tne Constitution the word " slave " was
not allowed to intrude, either because the name
then grated harshly on their ears, or that they
felt that this anomaly should only exist tacitly
said by sufferance for the time necessary for its
total extinction. The Constitution was formed
for all time; and, with their views, they did not
dream but that their descendants would gradually
and finally extinguish slavery within the bound-
aries of the Republic. The cotemporaneous his-
tory of that eventful period is plain as to the
opposition felt by our fathers on this subject; and
their recorded work bears the impress of this
feeling. They knew slavery was a moral wrong,
and they feared that it would become, what we,
their descendants, see it, a political evil.
A few brief years passed away, and the rich
alluviums of Louisiana, which commanded the
mouth of the grandest river the world knows, at-
tracted the attention of the then infant Republic.
We had inherited one evil legacy in our separation
from the mother country, and now an addition
was to be made to it by her ancient rival. France.
Slavery existed in the Territory of Louisiana, as
it exists everywhere, in defiance of justice and
right, and in addition to that it existed there in
defiance of positive law. The representatives of
that " reign of terror," as it is fashionable to call
it—when the crumbling throne of one of the most
ancient of the monarchies of Europe had gone
down in a sea of blood —when the crimes of a thou-
sand years were revenged by an exasperated peo-
ple—the representatives of that people did not for-
get, in their own enfranchisement, that there were
those across the broad Atlantic who groaned in
slavery. In 1794, the Constitutional Assembly of
France passed an act of enfranchisement, declar-
ing all free within hercolonies, of which Louisiana
was one; but the hurried events of that period,
the great distance of the colony from the mother
country, and the speedy sale of it to our Repub-
lic, prevented the fruition of the benevolent in-
tentions of those legislators of the " reign of
terror."
From this acquisition we may date the change
in the republican policy of our Government. The
fertility of its soil, and its applicability for the
growth of cane and cotton, for which, unfortun-
ately, the slave has the reputation of being pecu-
liarly adapted, made this territory the real nu-
cleus of American slavery, It shut up the road
to the extension of the western boundary of the
free States, and paved the way for 'the famous
compromise, over the repeal of which this nation
is now convulsed from its center to its extremest
points. Beyond the great northwest was a still
further West, and in this broad domain acquired
from France it was claimed that slavery existed
by " organic law." This bold assumption of a
most dangerous dogma—one that has not its
parallel except in the days of the Wambas,when
the vassals of the barons of the Old World were
held in feudal bondage, though they did wear
white skins—this assumption, I say, from the
very boldness with which it was urged, was acqui-
esced in by what it is now fashionable to call
the " aggressive North."
Another of the crumbling tyrannies of Europe
soon wanted our gold, and we got in exchange
the peninsula of Florida, and the slave power
got an accession to its rapidly-growing bound-
: aries. In both these instances the strange fact
J was presented of a Republic purchasing slavery
from enslaved nations across the Atlantic; and,
> with the isolated exception of California, no ac-
quisition of territory made since the foundation
: of our Republic has added to the strength or to
the boundaries of the free States. True, Iowa
has been carved out of the Territory of Louisiana,
but how, and for what equivalent, I will soon
examine.
At the time of the acquisition of Louisiana,
seven of the original thirteen States were either
j free, or had taken the initiatory steps towards
; freedom from African slaveiy; and the admission
of Louisiana made the free and slave States equal
in number. Now commenced the famous system
of equilibrium, in which slavery and freedom
were made to jog along pari passu, in the fear that,
if the former became stronger in the councils of
J the nation than the latter, the future would not
| redeem the hones of the far-seeing statesmen
of the South. With the immense accession of
' slave territory, as furnished by France and Spain,
began to dawn the ambition of a power which
up to that time had been humble in its pretensions,
the demands of which we of the present day can
fully comprehend. Hence the policy, which was
steadily pursued during thirty years of the Re-
public, from 1820 to I860, which I have denom-
inated as the system of equilibrium. No more
single births were to be allowed; the order of
nature was disturbed to keep an equilibrium.
Twins, one black and one white, were placed into
■ the arms of the Republic at each accouchement
of the Territories—Maine and Missouri, Arkan-
sas and Michigan, Florida and Wisconsin, Texas
and Iowa. Thus were four pairs of twins born,
and the country went on in its quiet, plodding
! way, never dreaming but that it was all the re-
suit of the natural law of population, until the
Mexican war laid open the wealth of gold dis-
covered in California. The citizens of the free
States rushed across the plains to this new Ophir
in such numbers, that, before the ever-watchful
statesmen of the South had prepared for the event,
the State of California was knocking at the door
ofthe Union for admission. Here was adilemma!
The South had got so accustomed to the twin
system, that this threatened single birth threw it
into a fit of consternation. The equilibrium was
about to be destroyed; and we all remember the
struggle of 1850, when, instead of twins, we got
an " omnibus " load, not of States or equilibriums,
but of equivalents. The most learned political
j midwives of that^period of our Republic were in
! consultation how to remedy the threatened evil;
California wouid not wait; the free spirit of her
sons was unaccustomed to the restraints and de-
lays needed to keep the twin equilibrium perfect.
| California was determined to be born,"and tha
midwives were compelled to assent to what they
could not prevent or delay. But the mother must
be saved from the danger of such a violent birth;
and all kinds of opiates were administered in one
general prescription, labeled compromise.
Ah! what did that birth of California, because
it was a free one, not cost the North—the " ag-
gressive North?" Better that it had come into
the Union as a slave State, than that the chalice,
filled with bitterness, should have been put to tha
lips of the North ! Her statesmen forget that
there is at least one thing in this world dearer
than peace—honor; one thing more sacred than
the Union—liberty. They consented to a law,
at which the self-respect of every freeman of the
North rebels, and they compromised the man-
hood of the North to " preserve the Union." A
free State, made so by the sons of the North, who
loved freedom because tliey had been nurtured
with its'great truths, asked admission into this
Republic, and it was met at the threshold by
delays and denials. It was enough to arouse
the whole North, to make it stand upon its re-
served rights, and to demand instead of suppli-
cating; yet its statesmen forgot their duty, and
compromised instead of acting. And yet, gen-
tlemen from the South say that the North is "ag-
gressive;" that we who represent freedom are
arrogant in our demands: that the South has suf-
fered much for the sake of the Union. I wish it
were so; I wish I could shut my eyes to the fact,
that that North, which is my home, where my
