2024
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11*
to the Congressional Globe, and binding the
same, grew oat of a resolution offered by the
Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] on the
day he left. The arrangement which was in-
tended to be made permanent in relation to the
Globe, at the last Congress, was by some error
made only for the la^t Congress, The Senate
having determined to make it a permanent ar-
rangement, the amendment is to carry that out.
* The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add to the appropriation for Senate clerks of com-
mittees, ana pages, the following proviso:
Provided, That the amount estimated for compensation
of the clerks to the Committees on Finance and Printing be
deducted tlierefiom.
Mr. HTJNTER. That is made necessary be-
cause they were formerly temporary clerks, and
they are now made permanent clerks. _ We have
deducted their compensation from this amount
because we have added it in another place.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add, after the appropriation for contingent ex-
penses of the library of Congress, the following:
For expenses of procuring proper apparatus for warming
said library and providing Sucl for the same, dollars.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Maryland
can explain that.
Mr. PEA.RCB. X move to fill the blank with
$5,000. I will state to the Senate that heretofore
I have obtained appropriations for this purpose.
The old furnaces have been taken out and now
ones put up, but the heat is diverted to other
rooms; so that during the last two Congresses it
lias often been difficult to keep warm there. Even
with the thermometer as high as one hundred and
fifty degrees Fahrenheit, I find that it is neces-
sary to have something to warm the library,
otherwise the officers are obliged to go about in
their cloaks and great-coats; "and persons can-
not read in the library. Persons were actually
driven out of the library-room last year for the
want of proper warmth. I have called on the
Commissioner of Public Buildings and the archi-
tect, and they inform me that rather more ex-
penses are necessary than usual, inasmuch as now
arrangements will have to bo made from the be-
finning, now foundations, and new furnaces,
'hey say $5,000 is necessary for that purpose,
and 1 move to fill the blank with that sum.
The blank was filled with $5,000, and the
amendment was adopted.
The next amendment was to insert after the
clause just adopted:
For maintaining tlio botanic garden and proon-liour-i'",
including pay of horticulturist and u-^isuuits, under the
direction of the Library Cnmmiltee of CougH',^, .>>,000.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Maryland
can explain that.
Mr. PBAli.CE. If desired, 1 can explain it.
Several SenatoBs. It is not necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert,after the appropriation for printing and
paper, the following:
And the appropriation " to t'npply deficiencies in tlio ap
propriiition lor printing of the second session of tin; Tinrty-
Tlurd Congress,'' contained in the art of 15th May, t h,v>,
ftbal! be con.-trunl by the acoouiitingoll'iei'ifl of the Tieasury
to include die cost of paper necessary for said piinliny-
Mr. HUNTER. The information of the com-
mittee is, that in the deficiency bill, there was an
estimate for deficiency for paper and printing.
As the amendment was introduced, it provided
for the printing, and not paper; and the Comp-
troller would not pay anything for paper until we
construed the law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment of the committee was to
insert, after the appropriation for the State De-
partment:
For necessary expenses attendant upon the execution of
the neutrality act ot the 20th April, 181M, and to be evpended
under tho direction of the President of the United States
pursuant to the third section of the act of Congiess ot the
1st of Ma}, lttlO, 310,000.
Mr. HUNTER, The House has included thct
in the third branch of the former civil and diplo-
matic, appropriation bill, in the miscellaneous bill
which came in this morning. I ask unanimous
consent, therefore, to be allowed to withdraw
the amendment, as it has been introduced by the
Hous® into another bill.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the words " library, books, maps," in
the following clause:
" Contingent expenses, Department of the Interior; office ■
Secretary of the Interior: For books, stationery, furniture,
library, books, maps, and other contingencies, $4,700."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
the same clause, after the word " contingencies,"
to insert: "And for books and maps for the
library."
Mr. HUNTER. That is a mere formal amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert $482 instead
of §582, as the salary of the laborer in the office
of topographical engineers.
Mr. HUNTER. That is to correct an error.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
substitute $15,900 for $16,900, as the appropria-
tion for salaries of the officers of the bureau of
navy-yards and docks.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a mistake in the
estimate. It was $1,000 too much.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to increase the ap*
propriation for salaries of the officers of the Mint
from $27,900 to §39,400, and to add to the clause
the following:
And from and after the 00th of June, 18."G, the salary of
the said .Director of the Mint shall be $4,000 per annum,
and that ot the treasuter thereot shall be ,^3,000 per annum.
Mr. HUNTER. This is raising the salary of
tho Director of the Mint, who is at present get-
Ling less than some of those of the branch mints,
and also the salary of the treasurer.
The amendment was agreed to,
Tho next amendment was to add to the clause
making appropriation* for the expenses of the
Minnesota Territorial Legislature the following
proviso:
Provided, That hereafter said compensation, mileage, and
contingent exponas shall not execed the sums previously
iippi opi lated thei elbr.
Mr. IIUNTER. That is in relation to the
expenses of the Tenitonal Legislature of Minne-
sota. It is proposed to put in this proviso be-
cause they have been very largely exceeding the
money appropriated. It is thought wo ought to
have some check.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert after the
clause just adopted:
Foi ane.uage^ on account of the legislative expenses of
the Temtory of Minnesota puoi to the IJUth of June, lb.)*},
$17,Ot.
Mi. IIUNTER. I find the House have intro-
duced that into tho bill that came in this morning
—tho miseellaneoUH or civil appropriation bill.
L ask the consent of the Senate to withdraw it.
There being no objection the amendment was
Withdrawn.
The next nmendment of the committee was to
strike out the following proviso appended to the
appropriations for salaries of the United States
olKccrs in Kansas Territory:
Provided, That the money beieby uppiopiiated shiiU not
be drawn liom the TieiiMiry, oi auj pait theieof, and the
•-ami- or any p.ut theieof chilli not paid out ot any other
appropriations made by Conmem. until all enimnn.1 pros-
ecunon^ now pending m any court ot theTerntoty of Kan-
sas nsainAt any person or pouums chained with tioa^on
against the United States, and all criminal piosecutions by
infoimation or mdietiucnt a<ram t an) person oi persons for
any alleged violation oi disregard whatever of t he piofe^ed
la\v< of a body of men who a^enibled at Shawm>e Mission,
in said Territoiy, claiming to be the Legislative Assembly
of the said Territory, tJiall be di-mtdsed by the court, and
cvciy person who is or may be renamed of Ins hbeity by
iea-=on of any of &aul prosecutions shall he released Aom
confinement.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays On
that amendment. <0
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to occupy the
time of the Senate unnecessarily; but it seems
to me that tho Senate can vote upon a provision
something similar to this without involving the
main point which is at issue between the parties
on the Kansas question; because if the reports
that have tome to I he Senate through the news-
papers, as to what law is laid down by the chief
justice in that Territory as constituting the crime
of treason, be correct, I think it can be said with-
out any undue assumption that there is not a
member of this bodywho will not affirm that an
indictment for treason can by no possibility be.
sustained.. The ground of treason in this coun-
try is exceedingly narrow. There have been^feV
surd and ridiculous attempts, not to call them By,
any worse names, at various times, to manufac-
ture a crime of treason outside of the definition of
tlie Constitution. Why, sir, it was seriously at-
tempted at a time when there was a little excite-
ment about the fugitive slave law, to magnify the'
neglect of an individual to aid the marshaf'in ex-
ecuting process under that law, into a crime of
treason; and there were really some men who
held commissions as judges of the United States-
courts who were left to battle such legal nonsense:
as that.
Now, sir, if the reports which we have of this
action of this judge in Kansas, and the grand
jury there, be correct, (and I only sp$ak from'
newspaper information, as I have seen what pur-
ported to be a copy of this charge in the National'
Intelligencer,) he charged the grand jury that an
attempt, or refusal, to obey laws enacted by the;
Legislature of Kansas, inasmuch as they were
enacted under authority of Congress, Was a re-
sistance to the laws of Congress, and was there-
fore high treason—a crime, by the way, not known
to our Constitution; and that certain other things
were constructive treason, a crime also not known
to our Constitution; and under that ruling sev-
eral gentlemen were indicted by that grand jury.
Without undertaking to go into an unneces-
sary revival of controversies which have blen
already sufficiently discussed, it seems to me that
the Senate can, by the expression of its opinion,
direct tlmt these prosecutions be abandoned and
dismissed, and they can do it without compro-
mising themselves 111 relation to the position they
have heretofore taken; but whether they can or
not I hope the proviso of the House will be re-
tained by the Senate.
Mr. .SEWARD. I desire to state, in behalf of
my colleague, Governor Fish, that he has paired
off with "the honorable Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Mali.ory.] He would, if present, vote
against this amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 11; as follows:
YE\S—Messis. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Biggs, Bigler,
Bright, Iirown, iiutler, Cass, Clay, Douglas, Fitzpatriek,
Geyer, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Jones of Tennessee,
Mason, Pearce, ['ratt, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Weller, Wright, ana
Yuiee—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Collaraer,
Dodgt-, Fesssonden, Foot, Foster, Hale, Seward, Trumbull;
Wade, and Wilson—11. ^
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DURKEE. I desire to have my vote re-
corded.
Several Senators. It is too late.
Tho IJRESID1NG OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) It is too late to vote except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. WELLER. It cannot be done then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The decision
of the Senate has been against receiving a vote
after the result has been announced, even by
unanimous consent.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert the following after the appropriations for
Kansas Territory;
For compensation and mileage of the members of t&s
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, §20,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That is estimated for.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays'
on that amendment. I understand itisforthe
Kansas Territorial Legislature.
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir. It was estimated
for, but omitted in the House.
, Mr. SEWARD. I presume the House under-
stood what they were doing, and refused to make
an appropriation for this Legislature, as, by a
bill previously sent here, they seemed to be of
the opinion that that Legislature was not a legally
constituted body, and not entitled to be paid.
The yeas and nays were ordered. _ .
Mr. MALLORY. I have paired off with
'Governor Fish; otherwise I should vote in the
affirmative.
