424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
cannot be answered by a categorical yes or no.
Commodore Stewart is undoubtedly an officer on
the reserved list of the Navy. I believe the Presi-
dent has put him back in the active service, so
that now, in point of fact, he is m active service
under a special provision of the law; but that
vacancies were created by the law in the list of
active captains of the Navy, I think no man can
dbubt who reads the law. Now the proposition
is that the law is unconstitutional. In what sense
unconstitutional ? Have not Congress the ri^htto
createa reserved list in the Navy? Dogentlemen
doubt the power of Congress to create a reserved
list of officers ?
"Mr. MASON. Does the Senator refer to me ?
. Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that to be the
natural result of the line of argument adopted by
the Senator from Virginia, and the Senator from
Connecticut.
Mr. MASON. I never said the law was un-
constitutional in that aspect. I said you could
only construe the law to mean that the number
of post captains in the Navy was to be increased;
and it is perfectly competent, as I said, to make
nine hundred post captains as well a^ ninety; but
if the number of post captains hasbccn increased,
they are original appointments, and must be made
by a nomination to the Senate, and their nom-
ination and confirmation must precede the com-
mission. That was my view.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, tiie ques-
tion is, how many officers there are in the naval
service of the United States. The fourth section
of the lawsays,as my friend from Florida correct-
ly observed, that" nothing in this act shall be so
construed as to increase the aggregate number of
officers in the Navy,"—not that nothing in this
act shall bo so construed as to increase the number
of captains in the Navy, but that it should not
increase the number of officers in the Navy. The
act authorized the President of the United States
to promote commanders to captaincies—in what
cases ? In all those cases in which those who had
been previously captains, bound to perform active
duty in the service, should be removed by the
President from the line of active officers, and
placed on a different list. We declared to the
President of the United States that that should
be considered as a vacancy in the list of active
captains in the Navy. We declared to him that,
having ascertained according to his own inform-
ation and discretion tlio names of such officers
as ought to be removed from active service, he
should put them on a separate list, and should
then promote to the places which they previously
occupied other officers.
Now, sir, in what did we direct the. President to
do an unconstitutional act? The Senator from
Connecticut says we thereby created new offices
to be filled, and yet the new offices, when wo
came to examine them, cannot be the offices filled
by the thirty new captains, because those thirty
new officers occupy the place of officers wlm are
no longer where those thirty new officers are.
The new officers are in the places which were
formerly occupied by the old ones, but. arc 110
longer occupied by those old officers. If those
old officers still continue to occupy their old places
the law lias not been carried into effect, and it is
as yet a nullity.
Gentlemen admit that the law is constitutional.
They admit that it is a law which can be carried
into cff'ect. They admit that the President of the
United States has just such powers as are vested
in him by the law. At the same time that they
admit all this; at the same time that they admit
that the President had the power to remove these
officers from active service; at the same time that
they admit that Congress had the right to order
the President to fill the vacancies so created, they
declare that these vacancies were created by an
act of Congress, and not during the recess of the
Senate, if they occurred during the recess, none
doubt the power of the President. Then we come
back, after all, to the proposition of the honora-
ble Senator from Virginia, that the vacancies were
created by the law; but to that the answer has
been satisfactorily given by the Senator from Con-
necticut, who, I think, says, with a force of rea-
soning which cannot be met, that the vacancies
occurred by the action of the President, and not
by the action of the law; that the action of the
law merely produces a state of circumstances
which calls on the President in the discharce of
his duty to exercise his prerogative, but that Con-
gress has not created the vacancies. Congress
has only provided that vacancies might be cre-
ated by the Executive, and it is the Executive
himself that created the vacancies, and the va-
cancies thus created have been filled by him.
It seems to me there can be no difference in
the result on the constitutional question, whether
the dates of the nomination ana confirmation of
those officers who have been appointed by the
President, and the repeal of the law of last ses-
sion, be inverted. Let us take this proposition :
suppose the Senate had already acted upon the
nominations of the promoted officers; suppose the
Senate had already confirmed those nominations,
and Congress should then repeal the law of last
session, what would be the effect of that repeal ?
That is the question which I propounded to the
honorable Senator from Virginia, and to which
I have yet heard no answer.
Mr. MASON. 1 did not know that the Senator
desired an answer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I propounded that question
to the gentleman during his own argument. If
we had, before any complaints were made about
this law, actually received the nominations of
promoted officers, and had already confirmed
them, and now it were proposed to repeal the law,
and v/e were to do that, what would be the effect
of that repeal? The effect must be the same,
whether the repeal be before or after the action
of the Senate upon the nominations.
Mr. MASON. The constitutional effect, I pre-
sume, would be the same; but the Senator asks
me this: if we repeal the law, and yet confirm
the" nominations- 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Ho, sir; my question is,
if we had already confirmed these nominations,
what would be the effect now of repealing the law ?
Mr. MASON. I think it would bo the same
thing, whether you repeal the law before or after,
if you confirm the nominations. But the Senator
asks, if we. confirm the nominations, and repeal
the law 
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. Then, if we confirm the nomin-
ations, there would bo ninety-eight post-captains
of the Navy—or whatever may be the number—in
addition to the sixty-eight provided for by former
laws, who have been promoted. As to those
placed on the retired list, if you repeal the law,
there will he no longer a retired list; and as to
those declared ineligible to promotion, if you re-
peal the law, they will again be eligible to promo-
tion. The effect upon them would be to have
superseded them, to have deprived them of their
prospect ofpromotion accordingto theirseniority;
but you will have the midshipmen, the lieutenants,
and commanders, each, in the Navy, with his
commission unaffected, again eligible to promo-
tion, but standing in a position subordinate to
those who have been promoted over him. That
would be their position if the nominations were
confirmed, and the law then repealed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Well, sir, if the gentleman
could make that apparent, he would bo doing a
great service to these officers; but if he acts on
that idea, and can succeed in getting laws passed
through Congress on that idea, in my estimation,
he will be the worst enemy to the body of retired
officers that they have yet found.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate confirms the nom-
inations, I proeume there is not an officer on the
retired list who would hold his commission worth
a pin's purchase. I would not repeal the law
after we had confirmed the commissions, because
it would then be of no value to do it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We are arguing legal prop-
ositions, and not the feelings of officers. I wish
to get at the legal result of the action of Congress
as understood by gentlemen on this floor; and I
think the farther inquiry is pursued into that
course of action, it will bo made plain to every
intelligent mind that it is utterly impossible to
restore everything which has been done, and
restore the officers whore they were before. I
asked the Senator from Virginia the question, for
the reason that there can be no difference, in a
constitutional point of view, whether the law be
repealed before or after the confirmation of the
new appointments. That he admits. Now, if
we lnid already confirmed the nominations, what
would be the position of the Navy? With ninety
post captains m it, v/e ore teld; but only sixty-
eight captains in active service, and the remainder
on the retired list. Repeal the law which estab-
lishes your retired list of post captains, and they
are dropped from the Navy; they do not go back
to any active list. If you have two classes of
officers in the Navy—one active and the other
retired—and you abolish by law the class of retired
officers, does that make them active officers, or
does it put them out of the Navy?
Mr. MASON. Does it take away their com-
missions ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Unquestionably, it abol-
ishes their office.
Mr. BUTLER. What does ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I say again, if the honor-
able Senator from South Carolina will lend me
his attention, that, on the supposition that the
officers who have been nominated to us by the
President are confirmed, they will then be active
captains in the Navy, and there will be thirty
retired captains in the Navy.
Mr. BUTLER. Allow me to ask my friend
one question, since we are engaged in this species
of conversation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My friend is going off on
another track.
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot yield now, be-
cause I am answering the Senator's own ques-
tion.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am asked to state again
the position which I have just assumed, and I
will restate it. for the benefit of my friend from
South Carolina. I say, if we confirm the officers
whose nominations have been sent to us by tho
President, they will become active captains in
the Navy, and we shall then have a list of sixty
active [captains, and thirty retired captains. If,
then, we repeal the law of the last session, which
created the list of retired captains m the Navy,
wo put those retired captains out of the naval
service.
Mr. BUTLER. Now I hope my friend will
not take it amiss if I interrupt him.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I yield now.
Mr. BUTLER. I put this question: If there
were a general war, and the thirty new captains
were ordered out, and the old retired captains
were also ordered out, and the two classes should
meet on the Mediterranean, who would rank
first—who would command?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I presume that would de
pond on tho Secretary of the Navy and the Presi-
dent of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. Not at all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I say the President of the
United States, or the Secretary of the Navy under
his orders, would assign to officers of the Navy .
such service as he thought proper. I do not see
that that touches the legal proposition. I do not
see that we are getting any nearer to it. There
is a groat deal of conversation around tho Cham-
ber, and I shall decline saying anything further
at. this moment. I think it clear, beyond the pos-
sibility of doubt, that if you repeal the law of
the last session, you put the officers who are now
on the retired list out of the Navy entirely, with-
out pay; and those gentlemen who are desirous
of repealing that law, will find that such will be
the result of the action of Congress, if that course
be taken.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I now under-
stand the iheory of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana. His theory is, that the act of the
last session creates new officers on the retired list.
There were sixty-eight captains in the Navy;
there are ninety-eight captains m the Navy. Of
course, then, there are thirty new offices created,
and the new offices, according to his theory, are
those of the thirty retired captains. How so?
When were they nominated and when were they
confirmed for this office created by law? His
theory is, that if you repeal the law, the offices
which fall to the ground are those of the retired
officers. Well, if that was so, it must be because
they are not in office now, and those retired offi-
cers, from Commodore Stewart down, are all out
of the Navy, according to his theory. Placing
them on the retired list, removed them from the
Navy, he says, and they hold no commission,
and the offices which they had are now filled by
others, and then, if you repeal the law, they will
j at once go from that list 011 which they now are.
