1856.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
416
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Political Parties-—Slavery—Mr. Day.
Ho. of Reps.
life has been passed, and whose institutions I
love, has been true to its honor and dignity in
the councils of this Republic. But it is not so.
Mr. Chairman, I have thus rapidly sketched
■ the erowtli of one of the two ideas which I said
constituted the present Democratic party. I have
purposely omitted any details of the Missouri
compromise, because it is " a twice-told tale,"
and because I have no love for the word. Our
fathers trusted to the honor of the. South, and
entered into a compact which should have been
sacred. For its violation I do not hold the
descendants of those with whom they made the
agreement as entirely responsible, although I
think they forgot the ancient chivalry in the mod-
ern love of power; but for those of the North
who, from the lu&t of ambition, forgot that their
first duty was to .their country and its free insti-
tutions, history has its page, upon which will
• be written in imperishable letters, " Itwouldhave
been better for the Republic had these men never
lived."
Until 1S44, the one idea I have just traced had
not openly appeared as a political power. It had
been content to reap the advantages accruing
from the national ambition of our people for
acquisition of territory, for all the additions made
to our domains gave the prospective advantage to
slavery. The North, instead of being extended,
had submitted to curtailment. In 1844 the one
idea appeared at Baltimore as a political power,
and the wisest of Democratic statesmen, a man
who was imbued with the true spirit of Democ-
racy, and would not surrender it at the bidding
of the one idea—I mean Martin Van Buren—was
.beaten for the nomination of President. The free
North was for him, because it felt that he had
Win struck down in 1840 unjustly,and because he ;
was a true and tried statesman. The slave South :
was against him, because he had opposed the
acquisition of Texas, a slave State. The mem-
.oraole two-thirds rule was passed, and the will
of a majority defeated. From that year we date
doughfaceism; from that year the decadence-of
the principles of Democracy, which were replaced
by the other idea, which I have said constituted
one of the pair now named the Democratic party.
From the time of Jefferson the Democratic party
held suffered but two reverses. It was the dominant
.party of the Republic; its principles commanded
the support of the masses of the people beoause
of their truth and justice; and the one idea saw
in that organization the means of permanent
advantages; and, like Delilah of old, with its lures
and wiles of office, it has shorn this modern
Samson of his strength.
In 1848, another northern statesman sought a
nomination for the presidency. Warned by the
fate of Mr. Van Buren, he wrote a letter, conceding
to the South not all itdemanded, but enough to pave
the way for hope, and as his reward he received
the nomination he sought. But a more reliable
man for the South was his opponent in the elec-
tion; and the one idea, true to itself at all times,
gave its support to the candidate who had inter-
ests identical with its own. Thus, two northern
statesmen—men renowned for their attachment
to the principles of Democracy, were struck down;
one for nomination, because he was still true to
the doctrines of the father of the church; the other
in the election, because the one idea had not re-
ceived an obeisance low enough, and because a ,
slave-holder was his opponent. I
The ever memorable and accidental administra- ;
tion of Fillmore, during which the single birth at- j
tended with so much trouble took place, so disgust- i
ed thepeopleof theNorth, that they visited a terri-
ble vengeance upon the party he was supposed to
represent. In the nominations and elections of
1852, the one idea was on the side of the popular
party; and from the advent of the present Exec-
utive we may state the exact and close union of
the two ideas—slavery and office. This union
needed some striking solemnities to inaugurate it
in the minds of the people—lome monument to
perpetuate its political strength, by showing what
two ideas can do in the councils of a nation. The
Kansas bill was passed—a compact was broken
—a majority of Representatives were reduced to
a minority—rules of legislation were violated; and
in defiance of the popular will, in defiance of right,
justice, and public faith, two ideas ruled and rioted
in the plenitude of their power. And, yet, the
North is " aggressive." I wish it were so! Far
j bettpr would itbe that theNorth,representing,as
' it does, the true spirit of our Government—life,
action, and freedom—should be aggressive, than
to be what it has been, tame, timid, and compro-
mising. A world of trouble would have been
, saved to the future; for the harvest is sown, and
the crop will be gathered.
, And we, who have passed our lives in the
i Democratic party—we, who have given the best
; proof in our power of our sincere love of princi-
; pie, in refusing to recognize a party in which t'le
lust of office is allied with the evil of slavery, as
the Democratic party of Jefferson—we are told
by this party of two ideas that we are not Dem-
, ocrnts. I am not choice about names; they have
too often been the means of deceit; and while I
i, am sure that I hold to the principles of the past,
j! party designations are all of but small moment,
j! We all know, that what was Democratic at the
j; North eight years ago is not so now; at least we
! who hold to the old faith are denounced by our
i political doctors as traitors, and read out of the
j church as schismatics and heretics, beyond the
| pale of hope.
j Just six years ago, as the editor of a Demo-
I cratic organ, I used the following language in its
I columns, and it was then good Democracy:
i " What does the South want ? Her rights in the Terri-
tories ? She has them ? Her citizens are as free to go with
I their wives and children, iheir wagons and horses, as the
citizens of the North. Will that not satisfy the South? Has
she-sonic peculiar right which the North does not possess,
and does not wish? Has she tile right to take into free
Territories a species of property which the free labor of the
North regards as a pestilence, and which it knows to be its
natural enemy? Most certainly not. Therc^is a right
stronger than that claimed by the South—the natural right
of man. It is a right which overrides all others. It is om-
nipotent, irresistible. It acknowledges an equal right, but
no superior. It goes hand in hand with its equal, but not
with the slave. It breathes and lives in the pure air of free-
dom, and suffocates in the atmosphere of slavery. It only
asserts the great principle of life—that of self-preservation
—when it says, the fertile plains and smiling valleys of our
new lands shall be free. If the South is content with slavery
where it now exists, we've. All we ask is, that it shall
remain where it is."
_ This was Ohio Democracy in 1850. The resolu-
tions of its State conventions breathed the same
unmistakable language, and under this banner
of non-extension we marched on to victory as
the Democratic party. But the party repudiated
its platform, and the Democracy of Ohio have
repudiated the party. In 1854, when a majority
of eighty thousand of the people of Ohio repudi-
i ated the Kansas bill, the nominees of the present
| Democratic party did not dare to breast the storm,
j but preached that act as the great charter of free-
■ dom—as an act that was to make all the States
hereafter to be admitted free; but the people
would not believe them—they loved the old De-
mocracy better than the new.
And of what is the present Democratic party
composed ? I have shown that it has two ideas,
and in the nature of things, with two such ele-
ments, the collection must be incongruous. From
extreme radicalism it has gone over to extreme
Hunkerism. It is now the conservative, Federal
party of. the Union; and, instead of being the rol-
licking, dashing party of the past, full of revo-
lutionary designs, it is now staid and quiet, and
talks very demurely of " law and order.' It has
gathered to itself the conservatism of the North
and of the South; and with the specious cry of
" popular sovereignty" it seeks to masch on to
victory. Kansas stands as a living monument
of the kind of "popular sovereignty" the one
idea would concede to the North; and the sup-
port it receives from the other idea shows exactly
what the people have to hope from the union of
them both. It is precisely the " popular sover-
eignty" the present perjured usurper of France
permitted its people to have after the coup d'etat,
by which he won his way to a throne through
blood and carnage—if you vote as directed, you
can vote—if not, not. A slave State, Missouri—
one of the twins of 1820—fears the effect upon
■ her property if a free State is formed on her
border, and her citizens regulated the " popular
sovereignty" of Kansas. A Legislature, thus
chosen, passed laws which must disfranchise
every emigrant from the free States, yet we must
have " law and order;" and the party of two
! ideas, claiming to be the same that stood by the
! freemen of Rhode Island in their revolution—the
same that trampled upon a law of my State, di-
; viding the county I represent into two election
: districts, revolutionary resistance to which gave
political prominence to one of the Senators from
Ohio, now loudest in his love of " law and order;"
this party of two ideas tells the people of this
Republic, that these laws, which insult the intel-
ligence of freemen, must be obeyed. If they are
enforced—if the freemen who have gone to Kansas
to make free homes for themselves and their chil-
dren are forced to bite the dust by submitting to
those iniquitous laws, let it be written of them, as
was done by the conqueror of the beautiful capital
of Poland, when, from its smoking ruins, amid
its silent streets and enslaved people, surrounded
by the tinseled manikins of tyranny, he pro-
claimed "Order reigns in Warsaw."
Let me say here to those who represent the
Democracy of the South, not the new recruits,
but the old soldiers, You are trying a dangerous
experiment upon the Democracy of the North.
As a law-abiding and compact-keeping people
they will favorably compare with you and yours;
! and their party attachment has been proven by
j their patient endurance for the past twelve years.
They have seen their cherishea statesmen struck
down on the battle-field, because they would not
surrender the convictions of their lives, or de-
graded because they did. They have borne all
this, because they loved the party, the portrait
of which I have drawn. They loved it, because
of the perils and dangers through which they had
passed with it; they loved it for its birth, its youth,
its manhood; do not make them curse it for its
old age. The North has its education; it is that
of equality; it is natural that.its people should bo
opposed to slavery; they have been taught that the
Constitution recognized slavery only where it ex-
isted, and they are opposed to its extension. The
force of party attachment, the habitude of a life,
may draw the support of the old soldiers to the
party which has the name they know, but the
young and thinking minds are being lost to you.
No party, with "Taw and order" as its motto,
and the extension of human slavery as its design,
can flourish at the North. Our"people would have
to unlearn the teaching of their scnools—the im-
Culses of their natures would have to be changed,
efore they could enroll themselves in such a
party.
You have brought your cherished institution
into the political arena; you have submitted it to
the resolves of conventions, and the keeping of*a
party. Flushed with your triumphs, with an
unsated ambition for dominion and power, you
grasp boldly. The Kansas bill, and its known
fruits, you nail as victories; but have you thought
of the heart-burnings, the disaffection, the morti-
fications, it has caused at the North ? Brave and
loyal hearts .have quit in disgust a party in which
they could not preserve their self-respect. At
my home, I know men whose support would be
an honor to any cause—men whose lives have
been passed in the thickest of the fight, battling
for Democratic truths—men of brain, representa-
tive men, honest men—who are not now of you,
nor with you, in this fight. These men could
bear with your infirmities for the good of their
party; but your ambition has left them no alter-
native. Tney are now isolated—acting with no
organization, standing aloof, the memory of the
past yet exercising its potent influence. But this
cannot last. Such men mustact: they have prin-
ciples, talent, influence; and they are subtile
tools in the hands of workers. In your race of
ambition do not overreach yourselves. " Beware!
behind you stalks the headsman!"
There is a limit beyond which it is not safe tq
go. We of the North are taunted as being foea
of the Union, and hear daily threats from the
South of a dissolution of the national compact,
if any of the laws passed by Congress where the
negro is concerned are repealed. The counsels
of the Father of his Country are. invoked, to show
us that liberty itself is not as dear as the exist-
ence of the Union, He was a great and goods
man; and he did leave in his last will and testa->
ment food for the reflection of those who claim to.
be his testamentary legatees. Let rae quote front
that instrument, which of all others more clearly
