2026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
denounced. He did it out of his own private
funds, and incurred the hazard of the rejection
of the claims by his Government.
It is he who presents himself here, having
done this act of mercy, asking to be reimbursed
by his Government for the money he paid out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. A bill was reported from the
Committee on Foreign Relations at an early day
in the session, which has not been acted upon,
but which refers to the Department of State, and
I ask to offer it as an amendment to the present
bill:
To enable the Secretary to pay to the clerks in his office,
of class 4, the same compensation as was paid to the same
class in other Executive Depai tments, from 1st July, 1853,
to 30th June, 1855, inclusive, the sum of $2,J 78 76 be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
It seems to have happened, either by inadvert-
ence or omission, that the clerks of that class in
the Department of State were not placed on the
same footing with the clerks of the same class in
the other Departments.
Mr. HUNTER, This provision was put in
the deficiency bill by the Senate and stricken out
by the House, and lost in the committee of con-
ference. The House were unwilling to allow it.
They have looked to it as legislation, and they
have opposed this and all legislation on the ap-
propriation bill except some of a certain descrip-
tion, to which I will not now refer.
Mr. MASON. When stricken out?
Mr. HUNTER. On the deficiency bill this
session.
Mr. MASON. It may not have been consid-
ered as appropriate to a deficiency bill. Itis not
properly a deficiency. It is only to equalize the
clerks of the same grade in the different Depart-
ments.
Mr. ADAMS. The objection made by the
House, I think, cannot possibly obtain to this
amendment. The original bill, fixing the com-
pensation of clerks, was intended to cover the
clerks in the State- Department. I recollect that
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] when
I had charge of that bill, appealed to me to know
if I considered that they were embraced. I did
consider that the bill was broad enough to cover
them; but the Departments determined that they
were not embraced; and they were defeated in
their equal compensation with other clerks by a
construction of the Departments. It is, there-
fore, not a new appropriation, but an existing
liability, from the time of the passage of that act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I have but one remaining
amendment from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions. The Secretary of State addressed a letter,
on the 5th of this month, to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, bringing to their notice that a
distinguished German geographer had brought
from Europe, where he had been collecting them
for five or six years, a great number—several
hundred, I think—of the early maps of the two
continents of America, and the islands, com-
mencing as early as 1500, which he had obtained
in the repositories of the different countries in
Europe—chiefly in Spain, England,and France—
with great labor and expense to himself. Con-
sidering that this country was the proper repos-
itory for preparations of that description, they
were brought to the notice of the Secretary of
State, and the Secretary has addressed to the
committee this letter:
Department of State,
Washington, August 5, 1856.
Sir: Mr. Kohl, a distinguished German geographer, has
prepared, with much care and vast labor, copies of all the
maps known to be in existence, relating to the American
continent, and he purposes, under the direction of this De-
pai tment, to furnish copies of them for a very reasonable
compensation; and 1 recommend the matter to your favor-
able consideration.
By the aid of two persons, at a salary not greater than
two thousand dollars per annum, for each, Mr. Kohl thinks
he could prepare the copies in one year; but, however this
may be, it would be a judicious expenditure of money to
obtain, on such fair terms, this valuable collection of maps.
1 would therefore suggest that an appropriation of $6,000
be made for the purpose of enabling the Department of
State to procure copies of Dr. Kohl's collection of maps,
relating to America.
"'Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
VV. L. MARCY.
Hon. James M. Mason, Chairman Committee on Foreign
Relations; United States Senate.
The committee recommend the appropriation.
I would say furtfier, that I examined a number
of these maps, as did an honorable Senator, a
member of the committee, from the State of New
York, [Mr. Fish,] and we were deeply impressed
with the successful diligence of the collector, and
for their probable value, not only for the purposes
of history and geography, but very probably for
solving some questions of political boundary
upon our continent, as well as upon the continent
of South America. There is a small appropria-
tion required, and I am satisfied it will produce
favorable results. The amendment is:
To enable the Secretary of State to procure copies of Dr.
Kohl's maps of the continents and lands of America, the
sum of $6,000, which shall be expended underthe direction
of the Secretary of State in such manner as he may deem
best for that object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to propose the
following amendment, as a separate section:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the pay of the
marines in the scrvice of the United States who composc
the corps of musicians known as the marine band, stationed
at the Navy Yard m Washington city, be, and the same is
hereby, increased at the rate of four dollars per month,
commencing on the 1st of May last, to continue as long as
they shall perform, by order of the Secretary of the Navy or
other superior officer, on the Capitol ground and President's
ground.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the first section:
To J. Hosford Smith, late consul at Beirut, as an addi-
tion to the salary a! re ad v paid him for services from July
1, 1853, to July 1,1854, $1,500.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear an ex-
planation of that.
Mr. SEWARD. The explanation will be found
in a letter from the Secretary of State, addressed
to the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
under date of July 29, 1856:
" I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
communication of the 23d instant, inclosing a petition, with
papers accompanying it, of J. Hosford Smith, for additional
compensation for his sei vices as United States consul at
Beirut, from July 1,1850, to July 1, 1854.
" In reply to your request for the opinion of the Depart-
ment, as to ' what, if any, compensation should he receive
for his services as set forth m his petition,' 1 have the honor
to state that Mr. Smith entered upon his duties of the con-
sulate, at Beirftt, on the 1st of July, 1850, and continued to
discharge them, with entire faithfulness, till the arrival of
his successor on the 1st of Januaiy, 1855
"At the time of his appointment, the compensation of the
consul was limited to an annual salary of $500, and to the
fees which he might receive for the performance of official
services; to which was also added the privilege of doing
business.
" This was doubtless regarded as an important consider-
ation in accepting the office, as Mr. Smith states, that i in
June, 1849, he went out to Syna in the first American mer-
chant vessel visiting that country, and opened a valuable
trade between Syria and the United States, which amounted
in imports, up to the end ofthe yeai 1855, to about $700,000,
and has paid into the Treasury of the United Statefon duties,
chiefly on wool, neatly ,$200,000, besides providing a mar-
ket for aconsiderable quantity of American manufactures,"
**■*■« paying from his own opeiatiens about $70,000
of the said $200,000.
u In consequence of the war which arose between Tur-
key and Russia, his subsequent recall by the Executive, and
other unavoidable circumstances, Mr. Smith failed to secure
for himself any pecumaiy benefit from Ins commercial op-
erations. In view of these facts, and in consideration of
the official duties rendered by him, he desires to be reim-
bursed for the loss which he alleges he has sustained in his
official position ; which amounted, as it would appear fiom
his statement, to about two thousand five hundred dollars
per annum. By reference to the letter of Mr. Webster to
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce, United
States Senate, und^r date of 13th Fcbiuary, 1851, and to my
communication to the same committee, under date of July
14, 1854, you will be made acquainted With the reasons
which influenced my two immediate picdecessors, Mr.
Webster and Mr. Everett, to recommend the raising of the
consulate to the grade of a consulate general, and also my
own views in reference to the increase of the salary.
" The recommendation which I then made, that the salary
allowed for the consulate be increased to .$2,000, com-
mencing with the 1st of July, 1853, received the approba-
tion of the Senate, and was adopted, on their part, without
objection. It was modified, however, in the House so as
to fix the period of its commencement at the 1st of July,
1854, and in this form it finally passed Congress. The De-
partment is still of opinion, in view of all the circumstances
of the case, that it would be proper that the increased rate
of compensation should commence with the 1st of July,
1853, and accordingly recommends that an appropriation be
made for that purpose."
This appropriation is just that sum.
Mr. HUNTER. The House cut it out because
it regarded any compensation for past services
as in the nature of a private claim. You can
raise, a salary in an appropriation bill, but it has
not btm the habit to pay for past services on
these bills. They are private claims, and it seems
to me this amendment comes within the rule. At
any rate, if you were to determine to put it on an
appropriation bill, it ought to go in the miscella-
neous bill, and not on this. We are endeavoring
to keep this bill as clear as possible from any-
thing except that which relates to the legislative,
executive, and judicial department. This bill is
confined to these three departments; miscella-
neous objects are provided for in another bill.
Mr. SEWARD. This bill provides for salaries
for interpreters and guards, and other expenses,
for this very consulate at Beirut. Therefore the
Committee on Commerce thought this the proper
bill to add it to. It is simply to pay this gentle-
man a sum as consul, for services already ren-
dered , which the Department recommended a year
ago, and the Senate adopted, but the House
struck it out. It seems to me just.
Mr. HUNTER. It is a sort of claim for ^
damages. It is supposed he has lost $2,500 a
year during a certain period, and it is now pro-
posed on an appropriation bill, on an estimate of
his losses, to compensate him therefor. That
ought to be the subject of a private bill, or at any
rate, if it goes on any appropriation bill, it should
be on the miscellaneous bill, and not on this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
Does the gentleman from Virginia raise the ques-
tion on the reception of the amendment under the
rule ?
Mr. HUNTER. I do.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is for the Senate to decide, and not the Chair. It
is a question whether this is a private claim.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to leave it to
the Chair, and not appeal from the decision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
under the precedents of last session, and the ses-
sion before, receiving several amendments of this
character, will decide in pursuance of these au-
thorities that it is in order. The question is on
agreeing to the amendment.
On the question being taken, there appeared
not to be a quorum voting, and
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the yeas and naya
will not be called for. Let it go. I will call for
them on this question when the bill is reported to
the Senate.
Mr. STUART. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. On the part of the Judiciary
Committee I offer the following amendment, to
come in after the appropriations for salaries of
the judges of this District:
And from and after the 30th of June, 1856, the salary of
the chief justice of the circuit court of the United States
for the District of Columbia shall be $3,750 per annum, and
the salaries of the associate justices, and judge ofthe crim-
inal court of said District, $3,500 per annum, to be paid
quarterly, and the salary of the judge of the orphans' court
of the District of Columbia shall hereafter be #2,500 per
annum, payable quarterly.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state to the Senator
from South Carolina that, during this session,
with a single exception, the House has invariably
stricken off all such provisions of legislation.
Besides that, I am not disposed to raise the sal-
aries of the judges in this District; but it will be
for the Senate to determine in regard to that. 1
am &ure the House will consider it as legislation,
and strike it off.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I have an amendment to offer to
the clause providing for the salary of these judges.
It is to strike out" judge of the criminal court,"
and to reduce the appropriation from $11,700 to
$9,200. The object of my amendment is to strike
out the salary of the criminal judge on the ground
that there is no such administration of law here,
and I am not willing to pay anything for it. I ask
for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
Several Senators. Read it.
Mr. BUTLER. It is hardly worth while to
jread the amendment. It is to separate the crim-
inal judge, and strike him out. I shall make no
reply. I only ask that the vote be taken.
Mr. ALLEN. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary read the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CASS. I would like -to understand what
this amendment is,
Mr. BUTLER. I will explain to my htfttor-
