1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
417
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
womanish extent, I believe I should have wept,
such was the plaintive tone and manner of the
Senator. Great was my astonishment, however,
when I heard his speech, after leave was accorded
to him to have it read, as he was unable to deliver
it. It was an address carefully collated, conned,
prepared, punctuated, the i's dotted, the t's
crossed, and everything done in nice order—doc-
uments referred to with great particularity, and
of the most astounding import—all prepared for
the occasion. Senators sympathizing with him,
asked him to sit on the chair to rest himself. He
read it all. It was painful to hear his plaintive
tones. His voice, usually vigorous, his manner,
characteristically animated and nervous, seemed
to have become enervated; and he sunk down
into the softest gesticulations and most pathetic
tones, yielding apparently to the force of disease.
His tone and manner commanded the richest
stores of sympathy from every feeling heart in
the Senate.
But, sir, when that speech appeared in print,
what was it? It was a flaming eulogy; it was
the inauguration of Captain Du Pont's fame and
name into the Senate of the United States. Was
it brought forward under ordinary circumstances?
or was it intended to send it forth as a harbinger
for the purpose of forestalling anything that
might result from the communication of certain
documents, (when his name had not been pre-
viously alluded to in the Senate,) and by that
means give him an advantage which he would
not otherwise possess? Was it fair, was it cour-
cers who were on board the Ohio in 1839 and
I 1840, by reading a document exculpatory of them
' written by a former Secretary of the Navy. He
thereby put their general characters in issue; and
I believe it would be technically correct, in a court
of law, under the indulgence of the judge, under
such circumstances, to prove the facts in regard
! to them. I had called for certain documents from
the Navy Department, but they were not pre-
sented to the Senate when this speech was made.
The Senator was not apprised, from any assur-
ance given to those who called for them, that they
placed on the orlop deck—a deck that conies to
the water line, I believe. It appears, from the
i inklings which have transpired nere, that Com-
! modore Hulljiad taken his family on board the
Ohio, as was customary on ships of war at
that period, by permission of the Secretary.
Because Du Pont and some other officers were
excluded from the cabins to give place to the
ladies, they were provoked; and four of them,
according to the Secretary of the Navy, formed
" cabals" for the purpose of annoying the com-
modore and expelling the ladies. I do not say
would ever be presented, or made a matter of whether or not that was social and gentlemanly;
consideration before this honorable body. Still, 1 I doubt it. When they made complaint to Com-
he chose to anticipate them. The result was, that
he involved himself in the dilemma of having
his friends brought before the Senate, not in the
most enviable point of view. I am not so sure but
that he was a little too diplomatic in that respect.
Men may go too far. I find here something de-
signed to cover up a nice little reflection. On page
6 of the pamphlet speech, I find the following:
"No man who lias a proper respect for the honored mem-
ory of the commodore will seek to recall these events for
the purpose of casting unjust reflections upon the living;
and I purposely forbear all comment upon any part of the
proceedings except the triumphant final vindication of Du
Pout and his associates contained in the letter of the Sec-
retary, which justly closed the whole controversy forever."
The venerable Senator from Delaware was
unacquainted with the subject, for that letter was
as far from closing the controversy as anything
could possibly be. I am glad that the Senator
has not pledged to the statement his " sincere
teous to the Senate, or was it to take a snap judg-I testimony," Because it would have implicated
ment on the sympathies of the tt^ate, and foist j him; but, as I have intimated, he involved not
a man before the public in the rnost imposing
attitude?
No sooner was the speech delivered here, than
leave was asked to remove from it the injunction
of secrecy, and throw it wide to the world. It
was done in executive session.
only his friends, but others who had no connec-
tion whatever with the papers called for, and
whose names were not included in them. I leave
that point, however, for the present.
When I formerly addressed the Senate on this
. ,IT. , , .Gentlemen may i question, my course was also the subject of coni-
have said: It must be something of great im- ment on the part of the Senator from Delaware
TMlrtflnrp * urp Will rnnn tKo fianatnv'o annAflU nn<l I r-mr * -r. n
portance; we will read the Senator's speech, and
see what it is." The injunction was removed,
and the speech was published. On examining
it, we find it to be an attempt to indoctrinate us
with the Senator's opinion that Captain Du Pont
is a perfect nonpareil. [Laughter.] Yes, sir;
here it is; this is the title-page to the speech;
44 Captain S. F. Du Pont, U. S. Navy. Speech of Hon.
Johii M. Cla ytojf, of Delaware, in the Senate of the United
States, March 11, 1856, in executive session. The injunc-
tion of secrecy had been removed."
Who could resist an inclination, to get posses-
sion of this rich morceau, when it was a secrecy
worthy of the note and attention of Senators ? It
is a most imposing thing. After this introduction,
on the first page of the body of the pamphlet,
before addressing the distinguished officer of this
body who presides over its deliberations, I find,
in flaming capitals, the words: " Captain S. F.
Du Pont, U. S. N.," and then it begins:
" Mr. Clayton said," kc.
Now I think this is one of the rarest diplomatic
moves that I have discovered. It is worthy of
the negotiator; it is worthy of the diplomatist;
but whether it really will have the effect which
was designed, I know not. Yet, sir, I have been
charged with introducing personalities and per-
sonal character into this body. What does the
Senator say in this speech? He gives a most
delicate, and at the same time—I should almost
be tempted to say—a most equivocal, pledge; for
he says: '
" I owe it to common justice tobearmy sincere testimony
in his behalf, and to repel the efforts made to injure him, no
matter when or by whom made."
He pledges his "sincere testimony" on this
occasion, ft never would have suggested itself to
me to attempt to qualify the testimony of the
honorable Senator, unless he had implied that he
had twospeciesof testimony—sincere, and equiv-
ocal, or jocose. [Laughter.] My opinion was,
that there was but one species of testimony, and
that it was alwayssincere, because it is presented
under the solemnity of an obligation to tell the
truth.
By examining this speech, we find that the
Senator from Delaware goes on ana introduces
the name of Lieutenant Maury, and various
othtrs. He introduces the names of Messrs.
Pendergrast, Du Pont, Missroon, and other offi-
New Series—No. 27
near me, [Mr. Bayard.J For that gentleman I
entertain feelings of kindness and personal re-
spect. I admire his talents, his intelligence, and
his usefulness in the Senate. I am aware of the
fact, that he is justly the pride of his constituency.
| All these considerations conspired to impress me
most favorably and kindly towards him; but 1
think that he did not, in his remarks on the occa-
sion to which I allude,, exercise that courtesy
which is looked for, expected, and desired in the
Senate. I stated that Captain Du Pont had,
when a lieutenant, insulted Captain Smith. The
honorable Senator replied that it was untrue, and
asked me for my authority. 1 told him; but he
said it was untrue, and that the authority on
which I relied could not be tortured into the
meaning which I gave it, unless I had greater  
powers of perversion than ever he had before * acter of this communication, as well as the course he lias
; complaint l_ 
modore Hull, as the documents will show, they
were occupying quarters to which they had
been orderea by the Navy Department. When
complaint was made, Commodore Hull ordered
Captain Smith to provide them cabins or tempo-
rary accommodations on the deck, so as to relieve
them from the confined atmosphere below, where
it was said to be insalubrious. When this offer
was made to Mr. Du Pont, he said, in a letter to
Captain Smith, dated July 29, 1839:
! " But the commander-in-chief, having decided that he is
] not authorised to make any permanent change, of which
I he is of course the sole and proper judge, 1 prefer remain-
ing where the Navy Department has placed me as long as
my health will endure it, rather than occupy quarters which
1 deem unfit for an officer holding the third rank known in
our service, and from which lie may be ejected at any mo-
ment."
This refusal was given to Captain Smith, who
had, at his instance, provided these quarters. He
declined going into them. Did Commodore Hull
press him? No, sir. Why? Because he was
where the Secretary of the Navv had placed him.
Commodore Hull had not placed nim there.
Then, sir, that venerable and gallant commodore,
the first that ever struck a British flag upon the
ocean in our war of 1812, still bore the proud
sailor's spirit in his heart, loving his country, and
exacting due obedience to his orders. I have read
what Mr. Du Pont said in his letter-to Captain
Smith. At page 44 of Executive Document No.
44, of the present session—the same from which
I last read—I find this letter of Captain Smith:
United States Ship Ohio, at Ska, July 30, 1839.
Sir : I have received from Lieutenant Du Pont a very,
as J think, extraordinary and uncallcd-for communication,
which I think it is proper, as well as it is a duty, to in-
close to you. •
The true military course for me to pursue would be, to
compel him to occupy the apartment assigned to him in ad-
dition to that which he has so much complained of, and
which he says is untenable ; but under the present state of
excitement upon the subject of accommodations of the
ward-room officers, T do not deem it eipedient to take such
a course, but to allow the gentleman to remain in the apart-
ment assigned to him by the Navy Department, which he
prefers to that prepared for and appointed to him by myself,
and which was certainlyintended by me to relieve him from
what he complained of in the other. The tenor and char-
suspected me to possess. I thought that was
pretty sharp; but I supposed that, as it was a
gratuity, I ought to be thankful for it and take it.
Therefore I did so. [Laughter.] On that point
I desire to place myself right, and, without any
unkind feelings to the Senator, to vindicate my
veracity; but I shall indulge in no asperity of
remark towards him, because I have no unkind
feeling to gratify, and I have great respect to
cherish.
I propose to read the evidence on which I based
the statement that Du Pont had insulted Captain,
now Commodore Smith, of the Navy; and then
it will be seen whether my construction is not
the most reasonable one. The distinguished Sen-
ator intimated before that I really had not read
my extracts in a manner to please him, implying
that my education was not as good as it ought to
have been. I shall overlook that remark; but
really it seems to me that the deductions which I
draw from the documents are most rational for a
plain common-sense man. I think that Captain
Smith was insulted; and to show it I shall read
what he wrote to Commodore Hull in reply to a
letter of Mr. Du Pont. If I did not read all the
letters to which I referred before, it was not be-
cause I had any purpose to garble them, as was
intimated. They are all very rich. Captain Du
Pont's productions are all of a classical character.
I should like to give them all, but it would render
imr speech too voluminous. He had complained
of the accommodations of the Ohio. Ha was
taken, first, in making the complaint referred to, and then
declining to accept the accommodation offered as a remedy
for the evil, develop a spirit of dictation in its author too
clearly, to my view, to require comments from me.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
JOSEPH SMITH,
Captain United States Ship Ohio.
Commodore Isaac Hull, Commander-in-chief of the Uni-
ted State* Naval Force in the Mediterranean, at tea.
Now, I leave it to the candor of any and every
Senator to determine whether I made an untrue
statement, or drew a false deduction, in asserting
that he had insulted Captain Smith. Is not this
the language of an insulted man ? Certainly it is.
Mr. mALLORY. Will my friend allow me
to draw his attention to one pttint in this con-
nection ?
Mr. HOUSTON. With great pleasure.
Mr. MALLORY. I knolv that the honorable
Senator from Texas wishes the letters which he
is now presenting to be understood by the Senate
in a manner perfectly fair to all parties. I there-
J fore call his attention to the fact, that he read but
one part of a paragraph of the letter of Mr. Du
Pont, to which he referred. If he will read the
closing paragraph of that letter, the Senator from
Texas will see that Captain Du Pont expressly
disclaimed any intention whatever of giving of-
fense, and expressed thankfulness for the con-
sideration which had been shown him.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true; but if a man
spits in your face and then says he did not intend
to insult you, would you believe him? Or if a man
knocks you down ana then begs your pardon, and
