1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
Mr. COBB. Well, if it be a privileged question,
I withdraw my objection.
The Clerk commenced to read the petition.
Mr. BURNETT. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that inasmuch as this is a privileged question, the
paper may be read.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think it has been the prac-
tice of this House to have such papers read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think that such has
been the practice of the House, but still I hope
that the gentleman from Kentucky will withdraw
his objection, and allow the petition to be read.
It is a very short one.
Mr. FLORENCE. I intended to have accom-
panied my request, that the petition should be read,
with the motion that it should be referred to the
Committee of Elections. I hope it will be read.
Mr. BURNETT. I withdraw my objection.
The petition was then read, as follows:
To the Honorable the House of Representatives
of the United States':
The memorial of the undersigned, on behalf of the quali
fied voters of the Terntoiy of Kan&as, and in lm capacity
of representative of =aid voter*, as heiemafter stated, le-
speetfuUy represents that he claims to be entitled to lcpie-
sent the said Tciritorym the Thirty-Fourth Congress as
congressional Delegate, to the exclusion and in lieu of Hon.
J. S. WurmELD, the sitting Delegate, upon the following
state oflaefs:
The said J. f*. Whitfield, as your memorialist is in-
formed, claims to have been elected at a protended election,
held 011 the fiivt clay of October last, m said Terntoiy, which
said pi etended election youi memonahot contends and pro-
poses to t-how wan absolutely void, being without any valid
law or the will of the people or qualified voters to author-
ize or to support it;
That the law under which said pretended election was
held emanated from a Legislative Assembly wnich the
people and qualified voters of said Territory protest and dc-
claie, through your memorialist, were not elected by them,
but imposed upon thein by the force of superior numbers
of non-icsidents. who could pass 110 law that would be
binding on them, and whose election and action should not
be sanctioned or recognized by this House, because they
are utteily inconsistent with the idea of republican govern-
ment, and dostiuctive ot the plainest and most undeniable
civil and political rights ;
That the said supposed election law was entirely nuga-
tory and of no effect, because passed at an illegal and unau-
thorized place, wheie no valid legislation could be had, and
was vend in itself and on its face, as containing provisions
directly and materially violative of the act of Congress to
organize said Terntoiy;
That said pretended election was not conducted even
according to the form- and mode pi escribed by the supposed
law which purported toaurhon/e it;
That many hundred* of illegal votes were polled at said
pretended election by non-residents and others;
And your memorialist excuses lmnscif for the want of
specifications under the two objections last above stated,
by reason that he has been unable to obtain from the Exec-
utive office in said Teintory the nece^.tiy information or
any copies of the returns of said election ; that after several
applications to the Secietary of the Teriitory for ceitilied
copies of papers in his office had been neglected and evaded,
the said Secretary finally cave a positive icfuJitl to fuiniMi
the copies demanded ; and for the. further leason, that the
said Secretary of the Terntoiy has withheld the copies of
executive minutes foi the year 1855, although the laws ic-
quired htm io fumi-h them semi-annually to the Pie.-ulent
of the United States, which j-aid copies, had they been for-
waidcd, might have furnished the necessary information to
your memorialist.
And your memorialist further states, that he wns duly
elected by a laige majority of the legal voters of the said
Tenitoiy to the said office of Delegate, at an election held
on the ninth day of October, which he proposes to show was
the only valid election held m the Teriitory for that pur-
pose. A. H. REEDER.
Washington City, February 12,1856.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the communi-
cation just read be referred to the Committee of
Elections and printed; and on that motion I call
for the previous question.
No objection being made, the paper was referred
to the Committee of Elections, and ordcied to
he printed.
Mr. BURLINGAME. I have a motion to
make, to which I hope there will be 110 objection.
It is, that Senate bill No. 72, authorizing the
Secretary ff the Treasury to issue a register to
the bark" Monmouth, be taken from the table and
put upon its passage. It is a bill which received
a fuH'consideration from the Committee 011 Com-
merce in the Senate, and unanimously passed
that body.
Objection wns made.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will allow the rule to be observed
regularly, the bill which lie desires to have taken
up will probably be reached in half an hour from
this time. Let the Speaker's table be cleared.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbiirt Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed a joint resolu-
tion for the appointment of Regents to fill vacan-
cies in the Board of Regents at the Smithsonian
Institute.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS—AGAIN.
Mr. KNOX. I hold in my hand a memorial
of W. B. Archer, contesting the seat of the Hon.
James C. Allen, a member from the seventh
district of Illinois. I will not ask the petition to
be read, but merely that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The evidence in the case of W. B. Archer,
contesting the seat of Hon. James C. Allen, of
the seventh district of Illinois, was referred to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. QUITMAN. I also ask to present the
memorial of AIiguel A. Otero, contesting the
seat of the Hon. Jose ManuelGalleoos, Dele-
gate from the Territory of New Mexico. I will
not ask for the reading of the petition, but ask
that it be referred to the Committee of Elections,
and ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The evidence in the case of Miguel A. Otero,
contesting the seat of Jose Manuel Gai.legos,
was referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. TAYLOR. I present the petition of Al-
bert Paere, contesting the seat now occupied m
this House by the Hon. George Eustis, of Louis-
iana. I ask tlmt it be referred to the Committee
of Elections, and ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the, fol-
lowing executive communications; which were
severally read, and disposed of as indicated be-
low:
A letter from the Secretary of State, transmit-
ting a report of changes and modifications in the
commercial systems of other nations, during the
year ending September 30, 1855.
Mr. FAULKNER.. I move that the commu-
nication and accompanying papers be referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I move its reference to
the Committee 011 Foreign Ali'airs.
Mr. HOUSTON. The subject has nothing at
all to do with the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. FAULKNER. I will state that this re-
port, transmitted by the Secretary of State, has
been prepared in pursuance of a resolution sub-
mitted by me and adopted more than three years
ago. The report, 1 learn, has been most elabo-
rately prepared, and, to meet the necessary ex-
penses of its preparation, an appropriation of
$10,000 was made by Congress. It conveys in-
formation of a most interesting character con-
nected with our commercial relations with foreign
countries, and presents a view of the tariff regu-
lations of other nations as compared with our
own. I ask its reference to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I withdraw my motion
to refer to the Committee 011 Foreign Affairs.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It occurs to my mind,
that if this communication is as the gentleman
from New Jersey has suggested—one having ref-
erence to consular charges—it should properly go
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. PENNINGTON. The gentleman mis-
undeistood me. It has 110 reference to that sub-
ject, as I understand.
Mr. BENSON. It relates exclusively to com-
mercial affairs.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I have nothing to
say.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Secretary of State,
transmitting an abstract of the returns of Ameri-
can seamen registered in the several ports of entry
m the United States, during the year ending Sep-
tember 30, 1855; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the State Department,
transmitting, in obedience to law, a statement of
clerks cmpfoyed m that Department, stating thai j
the services of clerks permanently employed \
under existing laws could not be dispensed with,
without injury to the public interests; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Department of
State, transmitting, in obedience to law, a state-
ment showing the manner in which the contin-
gent fund of the Department has been expended,
so far as the disbursements have been made by
the agent of the Department, during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1855; a statement"
of the balance of the appropriation remaining in
the Treasury on the 30th of June, 1855, and in
the hands of the disbursing agent; a precise and
analytical statement of all moneys disbursed by
the agent of the Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1855; a statement of dis-
bursements from the fund for contingent expenses
of foreign intercourse for the year ending Novem-
ber 30, 1855; a statement of the contingent ex-
penses of foreign intercourse from the 18th of
July, 1854, to the 30th of June, 1855, other than
those paid by the agent of the Department of
State; and a statement of the contingent expenses
of all the missions abroad from the 18th of July,
1854, till the 30th of June, 1855, as stated by the
Fifth Auditor; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, inclosing the report of Professor A. D.
Bache, Superintendent of the Coast Survey, show-
ing the progress of that work during the year
ending November 18, 1855, with an accompany-
ing map, prepared at the Coast Survey Office.
Mr. HAVEN moved that the communication
be laid upon the table,and ordered to be printed,
and that a thousand extra copies be printed.
The latter motion goes to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. BENSON. I desire to move that the same
number of extra copies be printed as have been
printed of this report in former years.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Printing
will provide for that.
Mr. BENSON. The gentleman from New
York has made the motion that a thousand extra
copies be printed. 1 wish to more that the Com-
mittee on Printing be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of printing ten thousand extra
copics. If I mistake not, that is the number
which was printed last year.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is a matter over which
the Committee on Printing have entire jurisdic-
tion. If they are instructed to inquire into the
expediency of printing one extra copy, they have
it in their power to recommend any number they
may see fit. I think the motion of the gentleman
from Maine is unnecessary as an amendment to
the motion of the gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will so decide.
The question is upon the motion of the gentleman
from New York, (Mr. Haven.]
Mr. HOUSTON. His motion goes to the
Committee on Printing under the law, without
the action of the House.
The communication was then laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting a detailed statement showing
the sums credited and the amounts charged 011
account of the several trusts created under the
various treaties between the United States and
the Chickasaw tribe of Indians, dining the year
1855; and stating that no lands ceded by them
are reported to have been sold during said year;
which was laid upon the fable, and ordered to be
printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting statements of accounts on the
books of the Second, Third, and Fourth Auditors,
and of the Register of the Treasury; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting the annual report of the Sec-
retary of tlie Trcasuiy,
Mr. COBB, of Creorg-ia. I move that the report
be laid upon the table and ordered to be printed.
I also move that extra copies be printed; which
motion, of course, will go to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. Do I understand that to be
the annual report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury?
The SPEAKER. It is.
