1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
able friend what I suppose the amendment is.
Eleven thousand seven hundred dollars is now
the appropriation in the bill for salaries of the
judges of the District of Columbia, including the
chief justice and associate justices, and also in-
cluding the criminal judge. The object of the
amendment is to withdraw the salary of the crim-
inal judge, and let him be a judge without getting
any money.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 5, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Durkee, Hale, Harlan, Seward, and
Wade—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs,
Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Cass, Clay, Dodge, Fessenden,
Foot, Foster, Geyer, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Mailory,
Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Pugli, Reid, Sebastian, Slideli, Stu-
art,Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull, Weller,
Wright, and Yulee—33.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have an amendment from
the Committee on the Judiciary to strike out
" $4,500," andinsert "$6,000,"for the salary of
the circuit judge in California. The salary of
the circuit judge of California is now $4,500.^ It
was put on the same basis with the associate
judges ofthe Supreme Courtofthe United States,
who received $4,500 when the office wascreatcd.
Subsequently they were raised.,The circuit judge
has less salary than his own district judges. The
salary of the district judge of northern Cali-
fornia is $5,000, and the circuit judge is paid but
$4,500. The Committee on the Judiciary have
directed me to move to raise the salary to$6,000,
which is §500 less than the salary of a judge of
the Supreme Court.
Mr. PUGH. The amendment was reduced to
form by the clerk of the committee, with an addi-
tion for the salary of the judge of the southern
district. It is here, and I should like to know
whether the Senator will accept it ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly. It is to increase
the salary of the judge of the southern district
of California from $3,000 to $4,000. The busi-
ness there is greatly increased. I intended to put
it in another place, but I will accept the proposi-
tion of my friend from Ohio.
Mr. PUGH. The amendment is to strike
out—
For the salary of the circuit judge in California, $4,500;
and insert,
For compensation of the judge of the circuit court for
California, $6,000, and for the compensation ofthe judge of
the district court for the southern district of California,
{$4,000; and the salary of the said judges shall be at these
rates respectively for the present fiscal year, and annually
thereafter."
Mr. HUNTER. 1 will ask from what that
proposes to raise the salary ?
Mr. PUGH. From $3,000 to $4,000. It does
not alter the salary of the judge of the northern
district at all, but raises the salary of the judge
of the southern district, so that^t will still be less
than the northern district.
Mr. TOOMBS. That was the decision of the
committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am in favor of the propo-
sition made by the Senator from Georgia; but
with regard to the other I want a little informa-
tion. First, I wish to inquire whether we did
not constitute this district at the last Congress,
and whether the salary was not fixed at that
time ?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; it has been fixed for
several years—four or five or six years.
Mr. SEWARD. Five years.
Mr. TOOMBS. They were divided into two
districts at once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had an impression that
that district was made at the last Congress.
Mr. WELLER. My impression is, that the
salary of the judge of the northern district was
fixed at $3,500 at first, and two years ago it was
increased to $5,000, at which it now stands. The
salary of the judge of the southern district was
fixed in the first place, I think, at $2,750.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When was California
divided into two districts ?
Mr. WELLER. At the beginning, at the
organization of the judiciary, on the admission
of the State.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection then.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to move an in-
crease of the compensation of the judge of the
southern district. I see that it is placed at $4,000.
The salary of the judge of the northern district is
$5,000. The salary of the judge of the southern
district ought to be some $500 less than the north-
ern district; and, if it be in ordjr, I move to strike
out "$4,000" and insert "$4,500." Theexpenses
of living in the southern district are as great as in
the northern district. There are some five hundred
and fifty land cases in the southern district out
of over eight hundred passed on by the board of
commissioners. As a matter of course, the labors
of that officer, until these cases be disposed of,
will be immense. After they shall have been dis-
posed of, there will be a small business in that
court compared with the northern district; but
yet, looking to the expenses of living, and believ-
ing the design of those salaries is to enable a
judge to live respectably, he cannot accomplish
that on less than $4,500; and for that reason I
have made this motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senate will not
concur in the amendment of the Senator from
California. The Committee on the Judiciary
looked very fully into this question. The great
body of business must arise in the Federal court
in the northern district of California. It is true
that at present there is considerable business,
growing out of the land claims, in the southern
district; but that is temporary. This office is
for life. The judge has had $3,000, and it is pro-
posed to raise him to $4,000, as a permanent sal-
ary. Probably that should be allowed; but to
go on the idea that, because there are some land
cases there now, you must make a judge for life,
at a high salary, the committee deemed to be a
wrong principle. We know that, in the eastern
part of the country, on the Atlantic—and it will
be the same thing on the Pacific — the great
amount of the business of the district is at the
commercial towns. So in California: as long as
San Francisco is the commercial emporium on
the Pacific, the largest amount of the regular
business of the court will be there; and it seems,
so far, to have been ordinarily the most expens-
ive place of living. If it is not now it will be,
because the southern part of California is chiefly
agricultural, and I think a $4,000 salary there is
fully equal to a $5,000 in the northern district.
I do not think the accidental circumstance of
there being a particular class of cases there, which
may be struck off even during this Congress by
some mode of adjustment, ought to induce us to
fix a permanent high salary.
Mr. HUNTER. I am opposed to raising
these salaries now, and on this bill. 1 think the
reason that originally existed in favor of creating
the great difference which has been made in favor
of California does not now exist to the same
extent. There is not so much difference in the
rates of living and labor as there used to be; and
yet we are raising these salaries beyond what
they were originally when there was a greater
difference between prices of living in that State
and other States. If you raise these salaries, f
think it would be but equity, instead of refusing
to agree to the proposition of the Senator from
South Carolina, to raise the salaries of the judges
in this district, to adopt it. Their salaries are
certainly as much entitled to be raised as those in
California, and I think it will be found that we
shall have many other demands made on us for
an increase of salary.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to remark_ that at
the proper time I shall move to reconsider the
vote on the proposition of my friend from South
Carolina. I do not believe the Senate, on reflec-
tion, will vote that down, because every one will
see the necessity of increasing the compensation
of the judges here in the District of Columbia,
which has become one of the most expensive
places of living on this side of the continent. I
know of no district in California where a State
judge is paid less than $4,500, and in the southern
part of the State that is their exact salary. I be-
lieve in the northern, the most populous part of
the State, the salary of the district judges of our
State court is $7,000. You propose to fix the
compensation of the circuit judge of the United
States at $1,000 less than what is paid to State
judges of the grade of a district judge. My
proposition is simply to put the district judge of
the United States court in the southern district
on an equal footing with the State judges.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Pugh was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to offer this amend-
ment from the Committee on the Judiciary;
And that from and after the 30th of June, 1856, the
salary of the chief justice ofthe eircuil court ofthe United
States for the District of Columbia shall be $3,750 per an-
num, and the salary of the associate justices, and judge
of the criminal court of said District, $3,500 per annum,
to be paid quarterly, and the salary of the judge of the
orphans' court shall hereafter be$2,500 per annum, payable
quarterly.
Mr. FESSENDEN, and others. That has
been rejected.
Mr. feUTLER. I handed it to my friend from
Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. Of course I have no right to
offer it now, if it has been rejected.
Mr. BUTLER. I put it in the hands of my
friend, who had charge of this matter, with a
certainty that some one, after what had passed,
would ao justice by moving a reconsideration of
the former vote on this amendment. I hope some
one will move a reconsideration.
Mr. WELLER. I make a motion to recon-
sider, as I voted with the majority.
Mr. HUNTER. It cannot be reconsidered in
Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The same
amendment can be offered when the bill shall be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I withdraw it. It can be
offered in the Senate; and I give notice that 1
shall offer it there.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to move an amend-
ment as an additional section:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That in addition to
the nine supervising inspectors, the appointment of which
is authorized by the eighteenth section of the act of 30th
August, 1852, one other of like qualifications shall be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, for the Pacific coast of the United
States : Provided, That this additional supervising inspector
shall not be under obligation to attend the meetings of the
board oftener than once in three years, but shall in the
intervals thereof communicate therewith in writing, and m
all his official acts and proceedings shall he governed by
such rules and regulations as may be from time to time
established by said board; and a certified copy of such rules
and regulations, and all their proceedings, shall be forwarded
to him by the secretary of the said board. The compensa-
tion of such supervising inspector for the Pacific coast
shall be $3,000 per annum.
Mr. HUNTER. That seems to me to be legis-
lation. I do not know how the Senator from
California can provide for this object without
legislation. I do not think it is appropriate in
this bill.
Mr. WELLER. There is an appropriation in
this bill " for salary of nine supervising and fifty
local inspectors." My proposition is to increase
the number of supervisors. This attempt is to
have one for the Pacific. I shall afterwards pro-
pose two local inspectors for Washington and
Oregon Territories. The necessity for this must
be apparent to the Senate. There are certain
steamboats navigating Puget Sound and the Co-
lumbia river which are not calculated for navi-
gating the ocean. Therefore they cannotgo down
to San Francisco for the purpose of having their
boilers inspected as the law requires. I desire
no\# to have one supervising inspector upon the
Pacific, and then two local inspectors for Oregon
and Washington Territories. It is utterly im-
possible for these local inspectors to go to the
city of New Orleans for the purpose of consulting
with the supervising inspector; and it is to avoid
thafdifficulty that this proposition has been made.
There was a bill introduced by the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] which came from the De-
partment, containing the very provision I have
cut out and sent to the Chair. lie seems to have
abandoned that bill, and gone home to engage in
other business. As there is ffo hope for the pas-
sage of that bill, and there is a pressing necessity
for a supervising inspector on the Pacific coast, I
have felt it my duty to offer it as an amendment
to this bill. I think it is strictly in order.
Mr. HUNTER. The provision for inspectors,
to which the Senator from California referred, is
to carry out an existing law. In order to add to
them, it is necessary to change the law. This
may be very necessary legislation, but there are
a thousand things as necessary, some of which I
would be very glad to accomplish on this bill, if
I could; but I know the House have opposed,and
have a right to oppose, legislation on this bill.
Indeed, I think this is not the place for it, but I
raise the point, and leave the Senate to determine
it.
