1356.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
Mr. Paulding, on March 21,1840, after the re-
ceipt of the rrtraxit of the reprimand, says:
Subordinate officers now-a-days set aside the decisions
of Uic" captains, and appoar prepared and determined to
thr acts of the Vavv Department by appeals through
newspaper". f>d by referring their imaginary grievances to
their Senators and Representatives; and, in the case of the
teller of Lieutenant Du Pont, it would seem that his ueterui-
iiiation to appeal to the Senators and Representatives in
Congress from lus State is intended Xo convey un implied
thre.it."
This was the condition of things. He was
threatened impliedly that an appeal would be made
to the Senators, if he did not immediately make
satisfaction for a row that was kicked up here
by the officers, when, if they had been on board
ship, or had been careful on shore, they would
not have been involved in that dilemma.
Sir, I am willing to' go on, and show how far
these gentlemen were really exculpated by the
Secretary of the Navy. 1 wish to refer to aletter
written by Commodore Hull after he received the
exculpatory dispatch. I believe it was written
afterwards, judging from the dates given in the
printed documents, though they are very much
confused. After they came to the Senate, they
were referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and they went to the printers in a miserable con-
dition; and the dates and letters are so completely
reversed and mixed up that it causes utter con-
fusion in attempting to get at them. How it
happened I do not know. 1 saw them in prooer
order at the desk; and where they received this
overhauling, 1 do not know.
Commodore Hull, after the difficulty had arisen,
in March, 1840, when the insubordination of these
gentlemen was at its height, wa#driven to great
straits. He understood that we were on the eve
of a war. He was in the Mediterranean. He
had the finest ship in the service; he had officers
who had been detailed to give character and credit
to his command. After the reading of the first
reprimand, he addressed these officers—Messrs.
Du Pont, Pendergrast, and Godon—in this lan-
guage:
" There are three remedies which strike me for this state
•f thing*. One is, to lay this ship up in a Spanish port—
this noble ship, the pride of our country, with her beautiful
flat, of which we were once ready to boast, with its stars
and stripes, hoisted at half mast—until l-eutenants can be
sent from the United States to restore it to its proud and
honorable bearing. Another is, to take you to sea with all
your discontent, disaffection, and disrespect for your com-
manding officers, and trust to time to bring about a better
state of feeling. And the third is, to make such changes
among vou as my means will admit of. I have not yat de-
termined which to adopt; but I will now state to you that
I am responsible for this ship. I shall "go to set when I
please; I shall jo where I please; and stay as long as I
please."
They thought that Commodore Hull was an
elderly gentleman. These men have a great
antipathy, as they have shown on the naval
board, to aged men. Age fares badly with them.
The feeling germinated there, and it has grown
.rapidly since.
1 have now presented some of the evidences on
which I rely to show that these men were not
the most subordinate in the world. It is neces-
sary for me also to advert to another circum-
stance which was referred to by the Senators
from Delaware—I mean the private letter which
they allege I read, that was addressed to Mr.
Thorburn, an officer in the Navy, by Captain
Du Pont. That is where the unfortunate whistle
originated. Mr. Thorburn had the letter. It
referred to one written to Colonel Burton, I think,
a brother soldier, who had received laudation.
Mr. Du Pont's letter to Lieutenant Thorburn sug-
gested that the same opportunity was afforded to
the officers of the Navy to have some laudation,
and, forsooth, because it had not been obtained,
there was disaffection ! How was that a private
letter? It was in reference to a public matter.
It was not a private letter. It must be borne in
.mind that, according to the venerable Senator
. from Delaware, Captain Du Pont was the leading
.man on all occasions, not only as to rank, but as
to age; for, whether it is with young or old, Du
Pont never follows, but always leads. That was
the substance of the expression of the Senator in
regard to him. Such a man wished to have a
.whistle from Thorburn—a name connected with
that of Warrington, who never disgraced the
. honor of his country, but bore it up triumphantly
4and victoriously. Thorburn, as honorable ana
| as good a man as any that walks in the Senate,
I is aspersed here as most unworthy, if he per-
mitted this letter, which referred to public mat-
ters, to be used here; and it is intimated to the
Senator from Texas very directly that he was
• culpable i'or it! Oh! it is unfortunate to have a
two-edged weapon.
The venerable Senator from Delaware said,
that if the Senate could only know and see the
letter written by Thorburn to Du Pont, it would
be seen that he felt contrition, or something to
that effect. That Senator wanted to bring it here,
and read it; but as it was a private letter Du Pont
would not allow him to do so. That Senator
[Mr. Clayton] is perfectly willing to bring it
here and read it. His colleague [Mr. Bayard]
denounced it as a dishonorable thing; yet his col-
league was willing to do that dishonorable thing
which he condemned in another. Thorburn has
as clean a record as any man for efficiency. He
has mePthe enemy, he has been under fire when
there was danger. Except that important battle
which I dwelt on the other day near SaidPose, I
believe Captain Du Pont never has been in action;
and then there was great contrariety in the reports
as to the mortality incident to that great engage-
ment. [Laughter.] But I will say this: No man
is more honorable than Thorburn; no man is
more respected; no man in the Navy is more effi-
cient; and no man has served his country with
more fidelity; and there is no official that sat on
the board who has a higher and juster claim to
retain position on the active list; yet he was
stricken down. For what? Because he did not
belong to the clique that some think is necessa-
rily established for the government of the Navy.
I believe I have explained the principal charges
that were made affecting my veracity; but I shall
have qauch to say—more, indeed, than I desire
to say if it were possible to avoid it, for I am not
in the best condition for speaking; but I feel
bound to go on.
The chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs [Mr. Mallory] talked about "drag-nets."
Sir, there are so many technical nautical phraAs
that grow up on the sea-board, and its bay sand
estuaries, and places where ships run, that I am
not posted up in them. My situation has always
been in the interior. I have been precluded from
the advantages and facilities which result from
familiarity with matters of navigation. As to
drag-nets, I should like to see that word defined.
Does it mean something which is to rake the
bottom ? I ask the honorable chairman of the
committee if that is its meaning ? If it means to
drag' on the bottom, I think I have been robbed
of the use of my drag-net; I think the distin-
guished Senators have got it. They have been
applying it to Lieutenant Maury; and I think
there was some drag-neting done in relation to
the facts which the venerable Senator from Dela-
ware presented here. I do not know where he
got them, but I know that he had them. It re-
minds me of an incident that occurred with a
mill boy. He went to the mill by a new direc-
tion to which he had not been accustomed. There
were some insinuations that the miller was not
the most honest man in taking toll. The boy, of
eourse, used all his vigilance whilst there. He
was standing about the mill, and observing every-
thing to which his curiosity attracted attention.
The miller thought he would get into an interest-
ing conversation; so he went to the boy and
asked him what his father's name was. .The
boy said he did not know. "Well," said the
miller, "Where is he from ?" "I do not know,"
answered the boy. "Why," said the miller,
"you know nothing." "Yes," said the boy,
"some things I know, and some things I do not
know." "Well, what is it that you do know?"
The boy answered, "I do know that the miller's
hogs are very fat." "Well, what is it that you
do not know?" "I do not know whose corn
fattens them." [Laughter.] So I know that
the Senator from Delaware had this information,
but I do not know who gave it to him. The
natural inference is that it was no enemy.
I come now, sir, to speak more particularly of
the action of the naval retiring board, and the
law by which it was created. 1 believe that law
is universally condemned. Itis possible that the
chairman or the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and both the Senators from Louisiana, think it
not only constitutional but very proper. For my
part, however, as I said before in speaking of
this subject, I regard it as a most odious law, and
it has been nibst odiously executed. r~
What was involved m that measure-? The
efficiency ofthe Navy—our whole national marine.
The safety and glory of our country were in-
volved in that measure. Was it ever considered
as such a measure ought to have been; or was
it skillful engineering that drove it through the
Senate, that carried it through the other House,
and that is now endeavoring to sustain it by an
overwhelming influence ? I shall not omit to state
what that influence is. But I ask you, what obli-
fation rested on the officers constituting this
oard ? Did the obligation of an oath rest upon
them ? Were they sworn to discharge theirduty,
and the trust confided to them, impartially ? Or
were they invited by sinister considerations to
violate the trust, and fail to discharge the obliga-
tions which duty imposed on them ? Had they
not most seductive influences held out to them ?
What were they? Promotion; to take the place
of others, or to keep them out. Sir, this was
the situation in whicn they were placed. They
had every motive to disregard the rights of others,.
and consult their own interest; and they had no
obligation but selfishness to constrain them to
the discharge of their duties, or restrain them
from the disregard of their duties.
Sir, we are told—and it is the voice of wisdom
speaking to us—" that no man can serve two
masters. Either he will hate the one and love
the other, or he will hold to the one and despise
the other; ye cannot serve God and mammon."
These men could not on this occasion serve their
country and serve themselves. They could not
serve those whom they had regardea as friends
heretofore; because, if they retained them in their
situations, it gave themselves no promotion.
These men had to sacrifice and strike them down.
They did not take the three senior commodores
to revise and prune the Navy, who could have
had no incentive but impartiality, and whose
honor mighthave been relied upon. Commodore
Stewart said that even they were not sufficiently
informed to judge discreetly ; yet these men took
the responsibility of making places for them-
selves under circumstances the most unfortunate.
If you will permit me again, I will give you u
quotation that is one of solemn import: "Have
no fellowship with the unfruitful works of dark-
ness, but rather reprove them; for it is a shame
even to speak of those things which are done of
them in secret." It was asecrettribunal—an in-
quisition that struck down all alike. You may
seek to compare it with the regulation ofthe Army
of the United States in 1815, and at other times;
but there is no analogy between them. There,
the senior officers were selected. Why were they
selected ? Because they had no incentive to dis-
regard the rights of subordinates, and according
to their information they could retain or they
could strike down or remove. There was no in-
delicacy, no injustice in that. The object of that
was to retain efficiency; but it was not a measure
like this. They could remove no superior. The
law did not give them that power, but they could
recommend for retention by the President of the
United States, such officers of the Army, subord-
inate to themselves, as they thought proper or
right. They might have had personal likings or
dislikes, but these could not mount to much.
How different was the case here! Fifteen men
were selected with pokwer to gratify all their dis-
likes, to embody and band together all their an-
tipathies, their aversions, their private slanders,
their defamation if they chose, and with power
to resort to the cumulative records of the Navy
Department, running back for not less than thirty
years. I was charged by the venerable Senator
from Delaware with having gone back as far as
1838 and 1840 to call for information in relation
to these gentlemen. I did not think there was
anything very wrong in that; but here I find that
Commodore Shubrick says they made " free use"
of the records of the Department; and what kind
of criteria are they ? They have been accumu-
lating for years. Every slander which was sent
there in relation to an officer was filed. These
men themselves might have been preparing for
