1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
certainly do not desire to give them less, and am
perfectly willing to allow them the same com-
pensation. I ask consent to withdraw the call
for trie yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) It requires unanimous consent to
allow the call for the yeas and nays to be with-
drawn. The Chair hears no objection.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am authorized by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to present, in the
form of a separate section, an appropriation of
$2,610 for Peter Parker, for difference in com-
pensation between his salary as secretary of
legation and charge d'affaires at Canton; and
this is in strict conformity with a number of pre-
cedents already passed in the Senate. It was
not my intention to offer this amendment, or any
other oT a similar character, but it is precisely of
the same nature as that reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce by the Senator from New
York. The Chair decided that amendment to
be in order. I should feel that I was not doing
justice to Mr. Parker if, when suclva construc-
tion was given U> the rules of the Senate, and
assented to unanimously without a call for the
yeas and nays, I refrained from offering this
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER, The Senator is mistaken.
The yeas and nays were not called for, because
there was not a quorum. I withdrew the call.
Mr. SLIDELL. At any rate the Chair de-
cided the amendment to be in order, and uoTfr I.
offer this.
Mr. HUNTER. Then suppose that, instead
of the vote being taken upon this, we go back to
the one which makes the sanction for this. It
seems to be on the authority of one offered by
the Senator from New York, and laid over be-
cause of there being no quorum.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understood the Senator
from Virginia to say that lie simply submitted
the question of order to the President of the Sen-
ate, and would take no appeal froiri the decision.
The Chair decided the amendment to be in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
merely decided the amendment to be in order
upon the authority of the case of Mr. Schenck,
Mr. Pendleton, Mr. Marsh, and others, whose
claims, of similar character, were added to a
general appropriation bill last year. Upon the
same authority the Chair decided it to be  -in
order.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us hear the amendment
of the Senator from Louisiana.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jlnd he it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
TreaftUij' be, and he is heieby, authorized and directed to
payout of any money in the Treasury not othenvise ap-
piopnated, to Peter Paiker, late acting chaigu d'affaires of
the United States at Canton, China, the sum of S'^,010 04,
it being the difference between the salary received by him
as secretary of legation and Chinese interpreter, from the
■26th day of May, 1852, to the 3ist day of January, 1853;
fioia the 27Ui day of January to the 14th day of Apni, 1854 ;
jyid from the 9th day of December, 1854, to the 4th day of
May, 1855, and the salary of charge d'affaires for the same
period.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the
yeas and nays on the amendment. If the Senate
puts this into the bill, I have no doubt we shall
nave twenty or thirty others.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. I shall vote against this amend-
ment; but if it be adopted, I shall offer all the
other bills precisely similar, which have passed
the Senate, and gone to the I-Iouse, to compensate '
different persons situated precisely as Mr.
Parker.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think we shall get into great
trouble by adopting this amendment. It is noth-
ing but a private claim; and if we are to put on
a private claim, because it is a pretty good one,
I do not see why all the Fridays' work of the
session should not go into this bill. We ought
to adopt some rule for our own safety. This
does not savor of nationality in any shape. It
is not for any general or public purpose. It is
purely and exclusively a private claim of an
individual, and a doubtful one at that.
Mr. SLIDELL. I repeat what I have already
stated, that I should not have offered this amend-
ment if a similar amendment had not received the
sanction of the Senate when offered by the Sen-,
ator frenn New York. I really can perceive 110
possible ground on which discrimination can be
made.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SLIDELL, (when, his name was called.)
I am satisfied the Senate is not pursuing a proper
course on the subject. 1 voted against the amend-
ment of the Senator from New York. I am pleased
to find that private alaims are to be excluded from
this bill. I shall vote nay, and am glad to have
had the sense of the Senate decided.
The result was then announced—yeas 5, nays
34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Dodge,"Foot, Iverson, and Sew-
ard—5.
NAVTS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bayard, B.enjamin, Biggs,
Bright, Brodhead, Butler, Cass, Clayton, Duikee, Fsssen-
den, Fjtzpatriek, Foster, Geyer, Hale, Harlan, Houston,
Hunter. Mallory, Pratt, t'ugli, Reid, Sebastian, Stidell,
Stuart,Thomson of Neiv Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade,
Weller, Wilson, Wiight, and Yulcc—ol.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the bill in order to make it conform to an
amendment made a few minutes ago in regard to
the inspectors of steam boilers. There is a clause
in line nine hundred and fifty-five, " for salaries
of nine supervising and fifty local inspectors."
I move to make it "ten supervising and fifty-two
local inspectors." Then I move to strike out, in
line five hundred and fifty-nine, " $80,000," and
insert " $86,000;" so that the clause will read:
For salaries often supervising and fifty-two local inspect-
ors, appointed under the authority of the act of August 30,
1852, for the better protection of'the lives of passengers by
steamboats, with truvoUug and other expenses incurred by
tiiem, $86,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to offer an amend
Bient, to come in after the section introduced by
the Senator from-Ohio, in regard to judges in
California:
That there shait -i>e* paid to the district judge of the
northern district of the State of California, $'2,000 per an-
num for two years, from and after the passage of this act,
in consideration of estra duties in attending to land eases
withm said district.
• Mr. PUGH. I think, if the Senator will read
the Constitution, he will see that provision cannot
be adopted. If we give §2,000 we are bound to
give it to him duj'ing the whole period of his
office. The limitation becomes void. Youcannot
give him, under the Constitution, any special
emolument. You must give him'a fixed salary.
The Constitution so requires. We have already
given him $5,000; and the Committee on the Ju-
diciary thought that was a fair compensation for
his services, and no attempt was made to disturb
it. I hope the Senator will withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. WELLER. I have no idea of violating
the Constitution of the United States by simply
proposing thatone judgeshall receive an increased
compensation during the period of two years. I
certainly think it is proper for Congress, if they
see proper, to make an extra allowance to a judge
for extra labor which may be imposed on him
for the duties of the office. Two years ago,
-$10,000, in addition to the compensation of the
district attorney of the northern district, was al-
lowed on the recommendation of the Committee
on Finance. Two years ago. Congress gave to
the district attorney, in consideration of prose-
cuting the land cases in the northern district,
$10,000 in addition to his salary. A11 these cases
were tried before Judge Hoffman. The extra j
services were performed by the district attorney
in his court; and the only question is, if you have
allowed the district attorney additional compen-
sation for extra labor, whether you ought not in
justice to make an extra allowance to the judge
for the performance of that duty. It is well
known there are some three hundred land cases
in the northern district. They will require an
immense amount of labor before they can be
finally passed upon. This labor has been im-
posed upon this judge since his appointment.
They are extraordinary duties, that, by the organ-
ization of the board of land commissioners, have
been devolved on Judge Hoffman. I think it
no more than justice that he should receive ad-
ditional compensation for the additional work
which he has been compelled to perform.
Mr. PUGH. I think the Senator will see by
reading the Constitution, that I do not make a
vain objection. The Constitution says:
" The judges both of the supreme and inferior courts shall
"hold'their offioes during; good behavior, and shall at stated
times receive for their services a eoinpensat/oii v.'lnch jdi:iii
not be diminished during their eom.muancoin effiee."
Now, it is mere evasion for us 'to say We give
a judge such a salary for so many years. The
case of the district -attorney is -widely SBfferehi.
There is no prohibition thfe'rp. The objecWf the
Constitution wag to render the 'judiciary inde-
pendent of favors from the legislative department'.
If we increase their salaried at all, we "increase
them during the whole period' of their service.
It is not in our power to reduce afterwiu'ds.
Mr. BAYAIID. The additional labor of Which
the Senator from California speaks as having
been imposed on the judge of California was a
judicial function, in the exercise of the ordinary
jurisdiction belonging to the court. If it be soj
on what principle can we give an officer, who
holds his office-during good behavior, increased
compensation, because, temporarily, tfiere niay
be more or less business in his court? Is it not
a monstrous proposition ? Would it not lead-to
monstrous legislationJ Whenever, by-accidental
circumstances, any judge may have more than
an ordinary amount of labor thrown on him,
though he holds his office during good behavior,
and the salary of his office is adjusted, not accord-
ing to the mere amount of labor, but'the expenses
of living, and a variety of considerations, is he to
have an increased salary? The amount fixed
for a judicial salary should be sufficient to obtain
the most competent person for office. TheXJnited
States judges hold during good behavior. I think
it would be excessively objectionable, unless this
were extra-judicial labor, not in performance of
his functions as judge; or something- outside or
his duties as judge, to tolerate the principle crt
allowing additional compensation for-a temporary
period.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have never had
any acquaintance with Judge -Hoffman, of the
northern district of California, but I have liad,
from such disinterested and such a variety of
sources, information as to the extraordinary bur-
den of the duties which have been cast upon him
as district judge of northern California, in the
examination and adjudication of the questions
which have been brought up to him from the land
commissioner, that I feel rather an uncommon
anxiety that justice shall be done to him. He is
a man of uncommon merit as a judge, as I have
learned from every source from which I have de-
rived information. The whole country have an
unqualified and unlimited confidence-in his hon-
esty, in his industry, in his indefatigable attention
to the business of his office. I understand this
is a proposition to increase his salary by $2,000,
for a limited time.
The honorable Senator from-Ohio interposes an
objection that the Constitution does not authorize
the increase of compensation, except by a regular
additional salary. I should like to hear even that
ingenious gentleman attempt to discriminate
between the constitutional power of raising his
salary for extra services, as a judge, for a limited
period, and the power to increase his salary per-
man#)tly ? Certainly there is no reason of public
good to recommend the latter; and as for the draft
on the public Treasury, it is certainly more eco-
nomical to increase the salary for a limited period
than permanently.
The fact is not disputed that these are extraor-
dinary services not contemplated when he ac-
cepted the office, and the commission was conferred
011 him as the judge of the district courtof north-
ern California.
It is not disputed, as I understand, and I think
it cannot be, that these services have been most
onerous to him, but that he has rendered them
cheerfully, and with an indefatigable industry and
patience worthy of praise. The proposition is to
increase his salary only $2,000a year, which, for
California, would make but a moderate salary.
I hope gentlemen will, on mature consideration
of this subject, under the circumstances, which I
think are of a nature to foree conviction, not
object to this moderate increase'for a limited time.
It is not proposed to increase the salary of this
officer permanently. It may be, that with the
prices of living in California, the compensation
he now receives may ordinarily be sufficient, and
it is only proposed to add ^2,000 to that ordinary,
permanent compensation, in consideration ofthe
extraordinary services which he has performed
within the fast few years, and which
