m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
farther suggestion, f will say, that it is necessary
to ascertain, in the first instance, what is the legal
effect of that change of forum. If it be ascer-
tained that the legal effect is to render all the legis-
lation passed by that Legislature null and void,
then we are not called on—I imagine no one
will pretend that we are callcd on—to place the
^roij of the United States in the power of the
President, to enforce-resolves and enactments that
have no binding force upon the citizens of the
Territory. It is, therefore, for the Committee on
the Judiciary to inquire what is the effect of this
change of forum, before any action can be prop-
erly taken by the House or the Committee of the
Whole. Hence, I say, the message should go to
the Judiciary Committee first. It is not only
fight in principle, but proper in economy, in the
transaction of business. For if it be found that
there is no law to enforce there by the sword, we
have neither time nor labor thrown away in get-
ting a sword. That time and labor will be better
gpent in healing existing wounds and restoring
that peace and love which should bless and warm
our national brotherhood. Do not get a sword
upon any li^ht pretense—any doubtful right or
necessity % If you do it, its very glaam, in this
land, may inflict wounds which God alone can
Ileal,
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Indi-
ana has much more clearly demonstrated the
propriety of the course I have proposed, than T
should have been able to do myself. 1 do not
propose, by the course I have indicated, that the
military power of the country should be used in
Kansas or anywhere else. I leave all questions
arising out of the message to be determined at
the proper time and in the proper way. I merely
propose, for the present, that this message should!,
like all other messages of a like character, be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union where its parts can be separated,
and each referred to the committee which appro-
priately has jurisdiction over it. My friend from
Indiana will not, of course, say that the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary has jurisdiction over the
entire message, nor will thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Grow] contend that the Committee
on Territories has jurisdiction over every part of
it. No one of the ordinary standing committees
of the House can appropriately take charge of the
whole document. The Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union is the proper committee,
and the only one to which such messages should
be committed.
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunn] says,
that the laws of the Territory of Kansas for cer-
tain reasons may be decided to be nugatory—of
no force; and that, therefore, the message ought
to go to the Committee on the Judiciary". If the
point alluded to by him should arise, that much
of the message should probably go to that com-
mittee. First, however, lei the message go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where all of these different propositions can be
brought up, and, after full and free discussion, it
can be parceled out among the standing commit-
tees of the House—to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary so much of it as comes within the juris-
diction ofthat committee, and to other committees
such portions as belong to them.
■ Now, sir, 1 repeat, that there is no one of the
standing committees of this body tiiat can prop-
erly have charge of this entire message; and there
is no rule by which a standing committee can dis-
tribute the message among the other committees
of the House. The proper place for such distri-
bution is in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I am surprised that the gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Pennington]
should so construe the 95th rule of the House as
to place this whole document within the control
of the Committee on Territories. There are
propositions in it on which that committee can-
not possibly take action.
My object is, that it shall go the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, where it
will be open to free discussion. After that shall
have been done, a resolution may be adopted
there, referring a certain part of it to this commit-
tee, another part to that committee, and so place
all the different subjects embraced in it under the
control of the standing committees to which they
belong. That resolution will be reported to the
and, if approved by it, the President's
message will in that way be parceled out among
the committees of the House.
Sir, I desire to accomplish nothing that I do
not believe the rules of the House require. I do
not wish to deprive committees of any control
or influence in legislation that legitimately belong
to them; but I do not believe that the Committee
on the Judiciary ought to have charge of the mes-
sage, though it maybe entitled to a part of it;
I do not believe the Committee on Territories
entitled to the whole, though I have no doubt it
will be entitled to a portion; and the Committee
of Ways and Means certainly are entitled to a
portion of it. Then, let it go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where the
rules of the House properly require it to be sent—
where it can be parceled out and justice be done.
Mr. GROW. The argument of the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] would apply to
an ordinary annual message of the President, or
-to a message containing a variety of subjects.
The proper reference of such a message would
be to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. But this is not an ordinary mes-
sage. It contains but one subject, and that relates
to the Territory of Kansas. It should not, there-
fore, be classed among the ordinary messages
of the President, relating to a variety of subjects.
But as it contains but one subject, and that re-
lating to the Territory of Kansas only, it should
go, of course, to the Committee on Territories,
under the rule of the House, which requires that
committee to devise and report such means as
in their opinion may be necessary to secure the
civil and political rights of the citizens of the
Territories.
A portion of the citizens of Kansas complain
that their rights have been trampled upon; and
the President informs us in this message that the
civil and political rights of the citizens of that
Territory are not fully secured, or at least that
there are some disturbances there that may re-
quire action on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment. This is the information-before us; and to
inquire into and ascertain what those disturbances
are is the proper business of the Committee on
Territories, under the rules of the House. It is
the duty of that committee to "examine into the
legislative, civil, and criminal proceedings of the
Territories, and to devise and report to the House
such means as, in their opinion, may be neces-
sary to secure the rights of the citizen." Then
the argument of the gentleman from Alabama
fails not only from the fact that the message
relates to one subject only 
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman thinks the
message relates only to one subject,, he has not
read it; that is all.
Mr. GROW. I say the argument of the gen-
tleman from Alabama fails, not only from that
fact, but also from the fact that the only subject
contained in the message is one over which the
Committee on Territories has exclusive control,
under the rules of the House.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Oh, let the message
go to the Committee of the Whole, where we can
debate it.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman certainly does
not suppose that the Committee on Territories
will smother debate in reference to the subject of
this message ?
Mr. COBB. Certainly not. Put only let it go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, where it may properly be debated.
Mr. GROW. The committee will examine the
subject, and report to the House such action as
they think proper to recommend. The subject
will then be regularly before the House, and will
be open to debate. 1 have stated the leasons why
in my opinion this message, under the rules of
the House, clearly belongs to the Committee on
I Territones; and as a member of that committee,
I simply ask that communicationsfrom the exec-
utive department which, according to the rules
and universal practice of the House, belong to that
committee, shall take their usual reference.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, the rule
which was read by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Grow,] if it confers jurisdiction at
all, certainly confers it upon the Committee on
Territories; and if the jurisdiction of that com-
mittee is as broad and as large as he seems to
think it, then the reference can give it no control
over the subject which it has not already. I have
not risen, however, for the purpose of discussing
this question. I wish only to say a word in reply
to some remarks which fell from my friend from
-Indiana, [Mr. Dunn.] I know, sir, it is the
practice in this day, whatever occurs m the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, to publish it to the world as
something which has never occurred before; and
the point is made by the gentleman from Indiana
on that Territory, in reference to her laws, that
the Legislature was held at a point where it had
no right to be held; and that, m consequence, he
doubts whether laws passed under the circum-
stances are binding—whether they are not null
and void. I mightreferhim—I will refer him—to
the settlement of a similar question in Oregon
Territory. A precisely similar point arose in that
Territory, and was settled by Congress almost
unanimously—no one doubting that the laws were
not binding. The Legislature transferred the seat
of government from Oregon City—the point fixed \j
by the organic law—to Portland, a point selected ^
by themselves; and in that case Congress did
nothing more nor less than ratify what they had
done at the new seat of Government. The case
to which the gentleman refers is not as strong as
this case of Oregon.
What are the facts in the history of the legis-
lation in reference to the seat of government in
Kansas Territory? The organic law temporarily
fixed it at Fort Leavenworth. Before the election
of the Legislature, Congress, by an act passed
appropriating money to build a capitol, conferred
power on them to locate the seat of government.
Notwithstanding this, the gentleman from Indiana
doubts whether laws made by the Legislature at
the place fixed upon by them for the seat of gov-
ernment, under the power conferred in an appro-
priation bill passed by Congress, is binding or
not!
I only refer to this, Mr. Speaker, for the reason
that I do not wish the gentleman's remark to go
to the country without the explanation which I
have submitted. I have no doubt, if I were to
turn back, that I could find numerous cases of a
like character, where similar points were, in like
manner, settled by Congress. I have not had
the opportunity nor time to do so.
Mr. DUNN. I did not intend to assert that
the difficulties which 1 suggested ought to, or do,
control the ultimate determination of this ques-
tion of our final duty; but they are difficulties
which occur to my mind at this time, and I think
thi'y are matters properly for that committee,
whose duty it is to say what are the legal effects
of the irregularities referred to.
The circumstance of Congress acquiescing in
what may have taken place in Oregon Terri-
tory, does not determine what is the law of the
case; Congress may acquiesce in what is against
law. The gentleman will recognize the principle,
that if the law fixes a place for holding a court,
and the judge and officers of that court go to
another place, the proceedings at the other place
are entirely void. The forum fixed must be
adhered to by courts. If the rule is different in
regard to legislative bodies, I am not aware "bf it.
But I have not been able to examine these ques-
tions enough to venture the expression of any
settled opinion; I only meant to suggest what
occurred to me as difficulties deserving of serious
consideration.
_ Mr. RICHARDSON. I will discuss the ques-
tion with the gentleman from Indiana at another
time. I understood him at first as I understand
him now—that he was not satisfied, whether the
laws of Kansas were, or not, void in consequence
of the circumstances under which they were
enacted. He gave no opinion on the point. The
point I made is, that what the Legislature of Kan-
sas did out of the power conferred by Congress is
legal and of binding effect.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Speaker, I regret that
points so important have been precipitated on a
motion of reference. I wish to say to the House,
that, in my opinion, the question now before it is
one of the most solemn and interesting that will
come before Congress at its present session. We
all know the condition of Kansas; we all know the
positions which have been respectively assumed
by the President of the United States and a por-
tion of the population of that Territory. Without
entering into detail, as has been done by the gen-
tleman from Illinois and the gentleman from Indi-
ana, I will barely say, that there are certain great
