1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2051
amount heretofore suspended and disallowed at the Treas-
ury, but which were authorized and approved by the
United States district court of said district.
Mr. BIGGS. It seems to me that is a private
claim, not proper for an appropriation bill.
Mr. WELLER. This amendment was made
to the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill two
years ago, and lost upon a committee of confer-
ence. General Richardson, the marshal, was then
living, but has since been assassinated in San
Francisco. The amount allowed on the vouchers
is §3,000. The aggregate of these suspended
vouchers amounts to $10,000.
I will give one example to show the character
of them. On one occasion the marshal was re-
quired to charter a schooner in order to get out-
side of the bay in pursuit of a vessel that had
forty or fifty mutineers. Immediately on going
out of the bay the crew had risen on the captain
of the boat, and those in charge of it, and the
news was sent to the shore by a small boat. The
marshal, in order that he might take the schooner,
went out in a most violent storm and brought six-
teen of these mutineers on shore. Under the law
that exists, he was allowed for this service about
eighty dollars, and the whole expenses amounted
to five hundred dollars. He had to employ a suffi-
cient number of men at eight dollars a day, for they
could not be employed at less, to go out there
and do these duties. He brought them in. The
law authorized only four dollars a day, being four
dollars-less than he was compelled to pay to the
men he employed. The whole object of this
amendment is to enable lum to be paid the
amount he expended in the performance of his
duties. As I said before, it was placed on the
civil and diplomatic bill two years ago, and lost
upon a committee of conference. Since that time
the marshal has been assassinated in the streets
of San Francisco. I hope it will be paid now.
Mr. HUNTER. Was there not a question
of order whether this was not a private claim,
submitted by the Senator from North Carolina?
Mr. BIGGS. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not so understand, or he would have decided
it promptly.
Mr. WELLER. It is simply an amendment
authorizing an audit by the officers of the Treas-
ury for closing up the accounts of the marshal,
and to allow the suspended vouchers. That is
the amount of it. It is not a private claim. It is
to make provision for the settlement of the ac-
counts of a public officer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
under the impression that this is & private claim
and excluded by the rule.
Mr. SEWARD, (at twenty minutes after four
o'clock.) I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. We can get through in fif-
teen or twenty minutes.
Mr. WELLER. I desire it to be understood
that I want this question passed upon by the
Senate.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Allow me to offer
a resolution, if the Senator will withdraw his
motion.
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then there is
a question on the amendment. The Chair is
under the impression that, under the 30th rule, it
is a private claim, and excluded. The Senator
from California appeals from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. WELLER. I only appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair, because almost the uniform
practice in the Senate has been to adopt amend-
ments of this sort. I believe, when it was pre-
sented before, a question was raised by the Sen-
ator from Virginia then, that this was a private
claim; but inasmuch as it simply proposed to
authorize the accounting officer of the Treasury,
in making a final settlement with this public
officer, to allow certain vouchers which had been
suspended, it was placed on the civil and diplo-
matic bill, and, as t said before, was lost on the
last night of the session, in the committee of con-
ference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 30th
rule, in the concluding paragraph, is:
"No amendment shall be received, whose object is to
provide for a private claim, unless it is to carry out the pro-
vision of an existing law or a treaty stipulation."
On a division, the ayes appeared to succeed.
I do not believe there is a
Certainly there is
I want to offer a
circumstances, I
Mr. WELLER.
quorum here.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee
a quorum present.
Mr. WELLER. It would be much more
gratifying to me if there could be some uniform-
ity in the decisions of the Senate. There have
been amendments placed on this bill as clearly of
a private character as the one I have offered.
This is not to pay a certain sum of money to any
private individual. It is to enable the accounting
officers to close up the accounts of one of the
public officers, the marshal.
Mr. BIGGS. 1 desire to say to the Senator
from California, that I intend to raise the very
question on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from New York.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the present
occupant of the chair had been here when the
question was raised on the amendment offered by
the Senator from Louisiana, he would have de-
cided it clearly out of order. The decision of the
Chair stands as the judgment of the Senate in
this case.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee.
resolution which, under the
trust will not be objected to.
Mr. HUNTER. We want to dispose of this
bill.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. My resolution can
be received by unanimous consent.
Mr. HUNTER. What is it'
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It is a proposition
to give to the new members of the Senate the
books voted by the House of Representatives to
the new members of that body.
Mr. BAYARD. I object.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The resolution
which I offer might meet the approbation of a
majority of the Senate. There is no appropria-
tion made for it.
Mr. HUNTER. Offer it to-morrow, in the
morning hour, as a resolution of the Senate.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But then where
can I get an appropriation for it,:
Mr. HUNTER. There are other appropria-
tion bills to come up in the Senate.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If the honorable
Senator from Virginia would give me any assu-
rance that he would not object on the ground of
form  
Mr. HUNTER. It has been objected to by
the Senator from Delaware. We cannot bring it
up on this bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not understand the Senator from Tennessee
as offering an amendment to the bill pending.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. No, sir.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the bill by
striking out
For hook* voted to the members of the Hou^o of Repre-
sentative'* hv tiie resolution ol &aul House of 7th July, lbf>6,
The object of my amendment is to prevent a
gross and palpable violation of law by one luanch
of Congress. I do not mean to go into the origin
of this system of supplying books. It is enough
to say that, in the year J853, the abuse had grown
to such an extent in consequence of the books
being out of print, and, m point of fact, the
money being taken by new members instead of
the books which were intended to be given to
them for their use here as legislators, Congress
passed a law prohibiting either House, of its own
warrant, from making an order for the distribu-
tion of books among its members.
At the present session the House of Represent-
atives transmitted to the Senate a joint resolution
providing that the new members of each body
should receive similar books to those distributed
to members of Congress previously. That was
referred to the Committee on the Library. The
Committee on the Library, knowing the extent
to which this abuse had gone, and finding that this
was literally in fact nothing less than voting about
twelve or fifteen hundred dollars into the pocket
of each new member, determined to cut it down,
at all events to those books which were still in
print, and could be procurwi. They accordingly
reported the joint resolution so amended, and that
resolution so amended passed the Senate. And
what was the course of the House? The House
laid it on the table with entire contempt, and im-
mediately passed of their own body a resolution
to pay out of their own contingent fund $ 182,000
for books which they knew could not be pro-
cured. Mr. President, if one House of the Legis-
lature of the United States can deliberately violate
the law, on what basis can you call on any citi-
zen to obey the law ? Here stands the law of
1853:
" That hereafter no books shall be distributed to members
of Congress except such as are ordered to be printed as
public documents by the Congress of which they are mem-
bers."
In the face of that law unrepealed—in the face of
their own joint resolution, which we modified and
sent back to them, they lay our amendment con-
temptuously on the table, and pass a resolution
providing for every new member of that body,
not books for their own use—but books which
they knew could not be obtained. The effect waa
to give six or seven hundred dollars for books
that could not be procured, to each new member
of the present Congress. At least, the people of
the country ought to know this.
Let me not be misunderstood, Mr. President.
I think the compensation of members of Congress
is too little. I am willing, and have been willing;
ever since I have been in the Senate, and I think
the people of the country are willing, to put it on
its fair footing, and increase it; but I am utterly
opposed to public plunder, whether it is by one
set of officials or another. I am opposed to
voting nominally books for the use of members of
the House, when, in point of fact, it is voting an
extra compensation of six or seven hundred dol-
lars independent of those books that can be bought,
into the pocket of each new member of the House
of Representatives, and that, directly in the face
of a law which, in consequence of the growing
evil, was forced upon Congress.
I hope this motion to strike out will be sus-
tained. If, then, the House choose to pass the
joint resolution, amended by the Senate, giving
those books that can be procured, I shall be per-
fectly willing to vote for an appropriation to pay
for such books as can be procured; but I am not
willing that one House snail deliberately violate
the law, and that we shall give them, not books,
but put money into their own individual pockets
by their own vote. I cannot recoliect exactly
j what the vote was, but it was not a very extraor-
, dinary majority in the House, composed prtn-
1 cipally of those who were to receive the money,
that passed the resolution.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays; and
they wore ordered.
Mr. PUGH. I shall have to vote against this
amendment, and only wish to say a few words
in explanation of my vote. If I had been in the
\ Senate when thejresolution was reported to give
I the new members these books, l should have
• voted against it. I shall vote against every prop-
j osition to give new members books, though I
i should be one of the beneficiaries; but 1 do not
' think it right for us, the Senate, to sit in judg-
j meat on the action of tho House of Represcnta-
! tives. They aie a coordinate branch of the Legis-
! lature, and I wish to treat them with respect.
! They have voted their members these books. It
:j does not yet appear, from this clause, that they
have been distributed, and it is in our power to
legitimatize the expenditure by the passage of this
bill. I wish to treat the House with all respect,
and I shall be obliged, for that reason alone, to
vote against the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I should be sorry to be guilty
of disrespect to the House, but I cannot sec that
there is any question of disrespect except on the
part of the House to the Senate of the United
States. Here is the law of the land which pro-
hibits the House from passing any such resolu-
tion. The House first tried to procure this ap-
propriation according to the law of the land by
a joint resolution, and the Senate amended that
resolution, and the House then laid it on the
table without notice, and then they have them-
selves passed this resolution of their own in
face of the law. Itis no contempt of the House
to require that the members of the House, as in-
. dividuals, and the House as a House, shall be
p bound by the laws of the land. 1 consider that
