1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
431
rules of proceeding which have ever obtained in
this body. It is the custon to refer the President's
annual message, which takes a general view of all
our relations, both foreign and domestic, to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
in order that it may be properly apportioned, to
the other committees of the House.
But, I come to a point to which I ask the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Alabama—that in the
former practice of this Government we have
never referred a special message of the President
to the Committee of the Whole ; that-where a
message comes in in regard to the Navy, it goes
to the Committee on Naval Affairs; one in refer-
ence to the Army, to the Committee on Military
Affairs; and one in regard to the judiciary of the
Union, to the Committee on the Judiciary. And all
questions touching the Territories have ever been,
if I am not mistaken—and I ask that gentleman,
if I am, out of his experience, to correct me—sen t
to the Committee on Territories. Special mes-
sages relating to the Territories of the United
States have never been sent, as is the case with the
annual message, to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. I may be in error; I
never like to assert anything strongly; and if I am
wrong, I ask gentlemen to correct me.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I am not mis-
taken the special message of .President Polk, sent
to Congress about the close of the session of
184G, and which asked for an appropriation of
$3,000,000, to be used in the reccss of Congress
for the purpose of negotiating a peace with Mex-
ico, was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and in that, committee
was originated the three million bill, to which
David Wilmot offered his celebrated proviso, and
by which he acquired so much notoriety in the
country. Such is my recollection of the fact.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. General Taylor's
message on California was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The bill referred to by the
gentleman from Tennessee was an appropriation
bill; and under the rules necessarily went to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. It had reference to the appropriation of
$3,000,000, which could not have been obtained
from the Treasury in any other way than through
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
But the question I propound to the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] or to any other
member of experience here, is, whether a special
message on the Territories—touching the rights
of the people of the Territories—was ever com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, prior to reference to the Ter-
ritorial Committee, or an attempt made so to
dispose of it, before this time ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Is it not within the
recollection of the gentleman from Ohio that Mr.
Fillmore's message in regard to the Territory
ofNow Mexico, and the disputed Texas boundary
line, went to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and was thero discussed?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Not until it had been re-
ported on by the Committee on Territories.
Mr. MARSHALL. It had not been reported
on at all. It was referred directly to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
according to my recollection.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 do not say, positively,
that an instance never did occur of this descrip-
tion, but I can say, most distinctly, that I have
no recollection of such an instance.
And now, sir, I call on gentlemen to mark that
here is an attempt to procrastinate this important
question, because, if this message goes to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
there it will sleep—there it will rest—how long no
man can tell. While our fellow-citizens in Kan-
sas are dying by the bayonet, and being butchered
by our troops, hete we are delaying business and
procrastinating legislation by committing this
message to the Committee of the Whole, where it
will sleep the sleep of death.
Now, my friends—for I regard all of you as
friends of humanity—if we have feelings of hu-
manity, let us legislate at the first possible moment
to avert the dangers which now threaten this
country and the people of that Territory. Let
this message go where the ordinary practice of
the House has ever sent similar documents. Let
it go to the Committee on Territories in accord-
ance with the rules of the House, and let them
report upon it. It will then go before the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and can be discussed, which gentlemen desire.
But if you send it to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union now, it must be dis-
cussed there, then referred to the Committee on
Territories and reported on, and then again com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and again discussed there. This
shows the impropriety of the motion of the gen-
tleman. I hope and trust that the message will
be referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I do not rise for the
purpose of addressing the House upon this sub-
ject, but simply to take such steps as will bring
the House to a vote directly on the proposition to
refer this message. If no other gentleman desires
to speak, I will ask for the previous question.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw the call for a moment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Will the gentleman re-
new it?
Mr. MARSHALL. I will.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Then I withdraw it.
Mr. MARSHALL. I call the attention of the
House and of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gid-
dings] to the Journal of August 6, 1850:
"The Speaker, by unanimous consent, laid before the
Hou e a me&sayc ; which was read, and is as follows*."
This was Mr. Fillmore's message, calling upon
Congress to act so as to prevent a collision be-
tween New Mexico and Texas, and in which he
declared the Executive obligation to maintain the
law, and presented just such a case as President
Pierce presents in the message now before, us.
As soon as that message was read, " Mr. Bayly
moved that the message and accompanying doc-
uments be committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union," and "it was so
ordered."
Mr. STEPHENS. Were not the yeas and
nays taken on the motion?
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes; and I call the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio to the fact that
his own name is recorded in favor of referringthe
message to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. [Laughter.]
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman will recollect
that 1 stated distinctly just now that I did not
remember such an instance—not that there was
no such instance.
Mr. MARSHALL. I find I was in error, and
take back the statement. The gentleman voted
merely in favor of ordering the main question to
be put. There was no division, it appears, on
the motion to refer.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I thought not; it was re-
ferred by general consent.
Mr. MARSHALL. " The main question was
ordered to be put, and the question being put
upon the motion, it was agreed to." That is
what the Journal states.
The proceedings in relation to the message of
General Taylor are also before me, and that took
exactly the same direction. I will not, however,
trespass further upon the time of the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to inquire whether
there was any discussion or objection on that
occasion ?
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes; the Journal shows
that "after debate, the previous question was
called." I now renew the call for the previous
question.
Mr. STANTON. What would be the effect
of the previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It would bring the House
to a direct vote.
Mr. STANTON. Would it not cut off the
motion to commit?
Several Members. No, no.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer is the
main question before the House. The first ques-
tion is on the motion to refer to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. DUNN. I am inquired of whether my
motion to refer to the Committee on the Judiciary
is understood as being now before the House. It
was made.
The SPEAKER. The first question, under
the rules of the House, is on the motion to refer
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and, if that fails, then upon the motion
to refer to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. DUNN. Well, is the proposition to refer
to the Committee on the Judiciary before the
House at all ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman as making that motion.
Mr. DUNN. I intended to be so understood.
The SPEAKER. The motion can be enter-
tained, if there be no objection, if the other mo-
tions shall be negatived.
Mr. DUNN. But the call for the previous
question now cuts oif the motion.
The SPEAKER. Yes, but it can be entertained
by general consent, if the previous motions are
negatived.
Mr. GROW. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair certainly did not
understand the gentleman from Indiana as sub-
mitting a motion to refer the message to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
being upon the motion to refer the President's
message relative to the Territory of Kansas to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 83; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Ilendley S.
Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Brooks, Broom,
Burnett, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carhfe,Caruthers,
Clitigman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawfoid,
Cullen, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmund-on, Elliott, English,
Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Floience, Foster,
Thomas J. J). Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall,
Sampson W. Harm, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Houston,
Jewett, GeorgeVV. Jone?, Keitt, Kennett, Kidwell, Letcher,
Lmdley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. MmshaN, Humphrey
Marshall, [Samuel P. Marshall, MoMulhn, Smith Miller,
Mill-on, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, l'aino, Porter, Powell, Pur-
veai, (iuitman, Reade, Ready, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, San-
didge, Savage, Sewaid, Shorter, William Smith, William
R. Plinth, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Taylor, Undenvood,
Vail. Valk, Walker, Watkms, Williams, Wirwlow, Daniel
B. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolheoffer—bS.
NAYS—Messrs. Barbour, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bil-
hnghurst, Bingham, Bliss Brad^havv, Brenton, Buftinton,
BuVhngame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Clawhon, Colfax, Coming, Covode, Oragin, Cumback,
Damrell, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, "l)uiiri, Dui fee,
Edwards, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Granger, Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Harrison, Hickman, Holloway,
Thomas Jt. Florton, /toward, Hughston, Kelsey, Knapp,
Knowlton, Knox, Loiter, Mace. Matte-on, Meacham,
Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Muirav, Nichols,
Norton, Paiker, Pearce, Pennington, Perry, Pike, Pringle,
Ritchie, Robbms, Robi-on, Sabin, Fapp, Scott, Sheunan,
Simmorw, Stanton, Stranahan,T;ippan,Thorineton, Thurs-
ton, Todd, Wade, Wakfman, Waibndge, Waldron, Elhhu
B. Wa-hbume, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, and
Woodnilr—83.
So the message was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. TRIPPE stated that he had paired off
with Mr. King.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania, stated
that his colleague, Mr. Allison, had paired off
for two weeks with Mr. McQueen.
LAWS OF THE TERRITORIES—AGAIN. -
Mr. GROW. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the laws of the Territories of
Utah, Minnesota, and Washington were referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. I yielded my
motion to refer them to the Committee on Ter-
ritories on the assertion of the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. H. Marshall,] "that it had been
the uniform practice to send those documents to
the Committee on the Judiciary. Since that time,
I have ascertained that they have usually been
referred to the Committee on Territories. I there-
fore move to reconsider the vote by which they
were referred, in order to give them the usual
direction.
Mr. WALKER. I move to lay the motion on
the table; and upon that 1 demand the yeas and.
nays.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman
withdraw his motion i/i order to give me an op-
portunity to make, a remark?
Mr. WALKER. Certainly.
Mr. MARSHALL. T will state to the House
that., when I was m Congress before, the laws of
the Territories transmitted, to Congress were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary; and I
ask thegentleman from Vermont [Mr. Meacham]
