1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1157
given by him precisely as we should consider his
diplomatic act in making a new treaty. To un-
make one treaty is to make another. I dare say
that there is-between this country and Denmark
more than one treaty—there may be many more.
The abrogation of one treaty leaves us under the
obligation of all others. What is the abrogation
of one, then, but changing the diplomatic and
treaty relations of another, as materially and
effectually as, in another instance, those relations
might be changed by making a new treaty ? The
power to make a new treaty is admitted; yet the
abrogation of a treaty will just as effectually
change the true relations of two countries as the
making of a new treaty. The power to abrogate
simply is denied; the power to abrogate by
another treaty is admitted.
The most plausible view, then, which can be
taken of this subject, it seems to me, is to say
-that the President might give a notice which was
nto have the effect of changing the treaty relations
between our country and another, precisely upon
the same footing that he would make another
treaty; he should communicate to this body that
he had given notice, and this body might reject
it or not, according to their judgment, with the
same effect that they could reject or ratify a treaty.
It is not possible that the President can have the
power to do this alone; but if he and the Senate
can do it, it is in that view of the subject alone,
as it seems to me, that it can come within any
fair analogy of any power expressly granted to
them. No analogy or construction will justify
such a power unless you can assume correctly
that this notice is equivalent to a treaty, partaking
of the same diplomatic character, and that you
are to act on it precisely in the same way thai I
you would act on a more common and more ad-
mitted form of the exercise of diplomatic power
in a treaty.
On this view, where do we stand? A year's
notico was required by the terms of the treaty.
We have given notice; the year has expired; but
it is considered that the treaty is not at an end,
because the President has given two months in
addition. What effect will that have ? We have
embarrassed the subject by our own action, in
any view which you can take of it.
Again, sir, it is most true, as gentlemen say,
that, by the terms of the Constitution, a treaty-
making power is given to the President and the
Senate—not simply a power to destroy by the
further exercise of the treaty-making authority,
and the substitution of other stipulations. I do
not see very well how the power of the Senate
and President in tliis ease can be sustained, unless
you consider this notice exactly as a treaty; a
diplomatic act of the President, subject to the
same action on the part of this body as any other
diplomatic act. Then the President should give
the notice exactly as he makes a treaty-—on his
own authority and by his own discretion; and
before it could becomc binding on the nation, he
must refer it to the Senate for their judgment, and
two thirds of the Senate must concur in approving
or disapproving it; and if disapproved he should
immediately inform the other Government that
the notice which he had given was ineffectual,
just as he would notify them of the rejection of a
treaty. I confess that the most decided inclination
of my nund is to consider that as the proper course
of action. Yet the precedents are, it seems to me,
to the contrary; and I am a great advocate of
precedents. The subject, it appears to me, de-
serves further consideration and further postpone-
ment.
There is another view which, 1 think, ought
to render us very patient about this matter. Apart
from all difficulties as to the power which we are
exercising, what is the policy of our proceeding
hastily in this movement? Prom what has been
said to-day, 1 must stand corrected, I presume,
in the statement which I made upon a former
occasion, and in which I was then corrected by
my honorable friend from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.]
I had supposed that these Sound dues, simply as
such, were of much smaller amount than perhaps
they really are. I had supposed that some $3,000,
or $4,000, or |5,000, covered them. 1 learn
from tho gentleman from Virginia, who is better
acquainted with this subject, to which I had given
no particular study, that their amount is §100,000.
I cannot help thinking that what are simply and
properly Sound duesf (in other words, an arbitrary
imposition merely for the privilege of passing Jhat
Sound,) are compounded in the statement which
makes the annual charge $100,000, with various
other allowable impositions exactly like those
which other nations whose coasts are navigated
receive for the conveniences of lights and harbors
which their coasts afford. That is the result of
what little imperfect inquiry 1 have been able to
makeon thissubject; but let that pass. Whether
the tax on our commerce be more or less, it is, as
the honorable Senator from Georgia has remarked,
but a very small part of what the commerce of
Europe pays.
My friend from Delaware [Mr. Clayton]
seems to think that all Europe is anxious to get
rid of these charges, but that they cannot do it
except by our means. Now, sir, I do not wish
the peopie of the United States to be thrust into
the fire to serve the purpose of European Gov-
ernments. In point of policy simply, why should
not this Government say to them, "As it is a
greater imposition on you than upon the Amer-
ican people, and as the American people are a long
way off, and you are at the door, and can apply
very conveniently any force that may be neces-
sary to enforce such regulations as you please to
prescribe on the subject, why is it that you
cannot do this thing yourselves ?" I can very
well imagine that those nations are anxious to
get rid of these charges, and are very willing to
thrust us into the breach; but I do not see why
we should suffer ourselves to be thrust in.
Denmark cannot surrender these dues. They
form the revenue by which she exists as a nation,
reduced in her power, reduced in her wealth.
Whatever the sources of the right to collect these
taxes, her national existence depends upon it.
They are her whole revenue. They amount to
about jj2,000,000. This is her revenue; and he
who takes from her that upon which she sub-
sists takes from her her existence. She must
make some show of resistance, if but to retain,
undertaxation, those restless, but still submissive
people of Europe who would rather pay the
money than make a difficulty with her.
Mr. CLAYTON. Will my friend give me
leave to make one statement which I forgot ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 believe it is the fact that
the Sound dues entirely pay the interest on the
debt of Denmark—a debt said to have been in-
curred by her in the numerous wars she has waged
against the commerce of the world for the pur-
oose of obtaining for herself the sole control of
these straits. This debt is divided among the
capitalists in the different States of Europe, mid
many individuals hold her bonds. They consti-
tute a very essential power. They have their influ-
ence, and have long had their influence, in pre-
venting the abolition of the Sound dues. Our
countrymen own none of the bonds and have no
interest in the matter except to get rid of the dues.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I imagine that this
statement is one which my friend makes on no
authentic information whatever. Myinformation,
on the contrary, is that the Government of Den-
mark levies this tax from year to year—that it is
her bread from day to day, and not payment to
creditors.
Let me take the statement of my friend from
Delaware and his information to be entirely cor-
rect on this subject. What is the consequence ?
The $2,000,000 go into the pockets of those very
people who pay the tax, the European creditors.
If they are willing to submit to it for the sake of
getting their bonds paid, will they not be a little
reluctant to see us interfere and cut off the money
that is to pay their bonds, and are we not in dan-
ger of meeting with some opposition from them ?
Is it below us to consider the policy of forbearance
on this matter? I think, from what little inform-
ation I have, that there is a spirit of resistance
in all the commercial countries of the continent
of Europe, and I see a fair prospect that, by co-
operating reasonably and properly with them,
we may bring this subject to a condition 'which
will be satisfactory to us.
That is a reason for forbearance. If we go for-
ward, and by ourselves, and for ourselves, not
' only against the very existence of Denmark, but
against the interest of her bond-holders, who
have such a control with other Governments as
to make them uphold her system of taxation on
the Sound, the prospect of difficulty to us is
increased. Now, when we have borne with this,
exaction so long, when we have a prospect of
release from it, when the Government of Prussia
particularly, and the Government of England af©
manifesting an aversion to the further payment
of those dues—when both these Governments are
negotiating for their abolition, is it right "for us
to draw the sword, and go forward and make a
fight of it on our own account, and open the way
for them ? It is plain that, situated as Denmark
is, she cannot consent to surrender this privilege
of revenue to a nation which can with the least
countenance insist on it. Again, j. surrender to
one is a surrender to all. We, in any struggle
or effort which we may make, are struggling
one-hundredth part for ourselves, and ninety-nine
parts for others.
I think that a little policy might well influence us;
and that the best resoluticfh'we could pass would
be to advise the President to retract the notice
which has been given. Thus we shall be freed
from any difficulty on questions of constitutional^
power. These are difficult questions. 1 would
not voluntarily assume their decision. In the
mode which I suggest, we avoid the decision of
them altogether, by now, when we are fully ad-
vised, letting the President know that we would
rather leave the subject to negotiation.
The honorable Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] contends that we cannot abrogate a
treaty. I think we can. It is a power to be ex-
ercised with extreme care under a high sense of
responsibility; but that power is necessary to us
as a nation; necessary for self-preservation as a
nation; and, if upon no other principle, upon that
of self-preservation and self-defense, every nation
has power to abolish a treaty and take the con-
sequences.
Why, sir, let me employ an argument that has
been used on the other side: let me ask what is
a treaty in its utmost force ? A statute of Con-
i gress is a law of the United States over the world
i—everywhere. It can be repealed. A national
| treaty, as such, independent of legal sanction to
I it, was never anything more than a voluntary
agreement which the parties observed, if they
preserve good faith, and which they neglected
when their interest or their necessities justified it.
Cannot a nation which made a treaty, injurious
to its permanent interests, endangering its very
existence, put an end to it? We can easily im-
agine such a case. Suppose there was a treaty
binding us to take part in European warfares;
binding us to go to battle on the continent of
Europe with any little German power with whom
we might choose to make such an alliance: should
we have no power to rid ourselves from the death
of such an engagement as that? If even an
individual, on his own judgment, for his self-pres-
ervation, can violate all other laws except that
■which authorizes him to defend himself, where
is the nation that has extinguished or can extin-
guish its power of freeing itself from any fatal
engagement which, ill a moment of inadvertence,
may have been made with another Power ?
The Constitution of the United States, and
statutes passed and treaties made in pursuance of
it, are the supreme law of the land. They are
all placed, in this respect, upon the same footing.
It is the last expression of the national will, then,
that makes the law. Why can we not, if we
choose to take that responsibility in the face of
the world, by an act of Congress, say that a
treaty is null and void ? Why may we not de-
clare ourselves emancipated and freed from it,
saying that we will no longer observe it; that we
will stand upon the necessity of the case for our
, justification, before all the world, and abrogate
| ihe treaty, rather than longer abide by it; that
1 we will stand, for the justification of our good
faith, before the world on the reasons for which
we do this; that we will take upon ourselves all
the danger of war which may ensue; but that
under this treaty we will live no longer?
It seems to me that this is the true law of this
country, and of every country—that we have the
power to abrogate; but I am sure my honorable
friend from Delaware would not be further than
I would from exercising this power in any spirit
of bad faith. It is an extreme, an ultimate right,
and a right necessary to be preserved. I should
count upon him, as certainlyas uponany one, to
assume—though he might feel a little personal
inconsistency—the power of emancipating lua
