422
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 24,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
society were permitted a privilege which was
denied to him. Can you impose on the common
mind of mankind the belief that the proceedings
of this board were in accordance with the genius
of our Government, or with justice and truth?
It cannot be done, sir. The officers who were
passed upon by the board were not permitted to
be heard in their defense, and no examination
whatever took place. What was the rule by
which their cases were determined ? Documents
that were filed in the Navy Department—and of
which the chairman of that board assures us
" free use" was made, running back for a long
lapse of years, in some cases from fifteen to
twenty years—were brought before the board.
The archives of the Department were ransacked,
and charges that had lain in the musty pigeon-
boxes of the Department were raked up, and
officers were adjudged on such evidence.
Sir, who was here to examine into the charges
preferred against Captain Pendergrast? Who
was there on that board to examine the charges
filpd against various members of it, and upon
which they had never been arraigned ? If they
arraigned officers on actions of the past, it was an
ex post facto proceeding, violative^)? the Constitu-
tion and the chartered rights of every American
citizen, whether in public or in private station.
The law could have no operation upon such
events. Why ? Because they had transpired
before the enactment of the law. But, sir, were
officers adjudged by such considerations? Yes;
and by rumors that had long gone by. T-hey
wer^ not arraigned on facts in reference to their
present condition in the Navy. The charges
against them were not of recent date, for the board
went back for a quarter of a century, and with the
address of scavengers imputations were brought
up by them against the character of their brother
officers. They were not heard on the subject; no
intimation or suggestion was given to them that
they were to be tried on these matters susceptible
of explanation; but they were condemned by men
against whom flagrant offenses and delinquencies
had been charged,and those charges still stood on
the files of the Navy Department. Sir, can you
call these proceedings just ? Was it in the contem-
plation of the officers of the Navy, when they en-
tered the service, that these were to be the criteria
by which the character and claims of gentlemen
and officers and their places in the Navy of the
United States should be determined ? I think not.
Under tfifese circumstances, is it possible that
the Senate can sanction such inquisitorial pro-
ceedings and such condemnatory acts as grew up
under influences of this character? They were
never contemplated by the law. It is to remedy
these evils that we urge the appointment of a
special committee—and for what purpose ? To
ascertain the facts. Will not the members of that
committee be doing what they can to promote
justice? As gentlemen,selected from this body
for the impartial investigation of the subject, they
will, of course, do all they can to bring forth the
facts. By their examinations, the truth can be
elicited; the imputations, reports, rumors, and
hearsay, on which officers were stricken down,
ean be compared, analyzed, and dissected by the
Senate, and a just judgment deduced from the
evidence which may be brought forward.
But, sir, it has been suggested that' the appoint-
ment of such a special committee will be a reflec-
tion on the Committee on Naval Affairs. I do
not think so. The gentlemen of that committee
have already had sufficient employment in the
investigation of this subject. The elaborate
report which they have made, and the investi-
fations to which they have devoted themselves,
ave already consumed a sufficiency of their time
and absorbed their minds. They have made a
report to the Senate, and I believe they are unan-
imous in their conclusions, that Ho specific re-
dress ought to be granted to individuals, except
to a partial extent, under the discretion of the
President of the United States. I do not intend
to cast the slightest reflection on him, for it is not
necessary to the impartial investigation of this
subject; but we are ail too well acquainted with
human nature not to know what would be the
result of leaving it to his discretion. What would
be his situation ? He has already indorsed the
action of the board. He has played subserviant
to them. He was their minister. He acted in
accordance with their suggestions and dictation.
For the sake of consistency Jie would feel that
he was bound to carry out their action. If he
should come to that conclusion, what redress
would be granted"to individuals who have received
the malediction and brand of this board ? What
officer who has been disrated would be benefited
by being commended to the justice or the charity
of the President and Secretary of the Navy?
Would not the influence of those who concurred
on the ftoard be united in constraining the Pres-
ident to uphold his former decision for the sake
of consistency, no matter who were the sufferers ?
The President would feel a natural inclination to
be consistent; and he has already sustained the
board's action, upon the suggestion that they
were constrained to act as they did, that they
acted to the best of their knowledge, that they
were actuated by high and honorable feelings,
such as should prompt gentlemen under similar
circumstances. If Congress does not render jus-
tice, no truth, however glaring and potent, will
be sufficient to reverse their irreversible decrees.
I know that the Secretary of the Navy has ac-
knowledged that injustice was done to individuals;
but who are to be the heneficiaries of this ac-
knowledgment ? Adopt the proposition of the
Naval Committee, and it is matter of favor—it is
confided to executive discretion. Think you,
then, that it would extend to all who have been
injured and who seek redress? Men of irre-
proachable and spotless character—men who were
never delinquent for a moment in the discharge
of their duties, and always met every requisition
made upon th.em, have been disrated by this
board, and are here asking for redress. I say
it is your duty to give it to4hem.
Well, sir, is it disrespect to the Committee on
Naval Affairs t« saj^Riat a special committee
shall be created for the purpose of making an
impartial examination into the facts of the case
of each officer whose memorial has been presented
to the Senate? No, sir; it is not disrespectful. I
should be disposed to think that the gentlemen
of the Naval Committee would feel a delicacy in
taking cognizance of any matters connected with
the subject, inastnuch as they have already ex-
pressed their opinions. They nave made an elabo-
rate report, invoking every possible aid, direct and
collateral,to their support; and they have quoted
a succession of reports of the Secretary of the
Navy, from the time of Mr. Bancroft down to the
present day, speeches made in the House of Rep-
resentatives, former reports made to the Congress
Of the United States, opinions of committees, and
everything else calculated to sustain the position
of the board, but nothing that would show the
injustice which has been done to individuals—
nothing giving any assurance that they had im-
partially investigated the subject. My desire is,
that it shall be impartially looked into. Why?
Because I have a judgment to form, and I wish
to have that judgment enlightened. I wish to
hear the whole case. We have heard the advo-
cates of the board; let us hear the advocates of
the memorialists. Let us compare the statements
on both sides—those favorable to the board and
those adverse to it—with the array of facts that
can be presented on either side. That is what I
desire. This can be accomplished through a select
committee.
For the purpose of more perfectly understand-
ing this subject, and obtaining all the information
possible, I had the honor of introducing into the
Senate, some days ago, a resolution calling for
the proceedings of a coust-martial which grew
out of the action of the board, and in which some
ill-feeling had been manifested. I was anxious
to have the information brought before the Senate,
not because I was acquainted with it, and be- j
lieved it calculated to create a prejudice against !
the board, but because I wished to be enlightened i
and to be informed of all the facts in relation to I
the subject. A controversy had existed between j
some officers in relation to the action of the board;!
one member of the board was held responsible !
for its action in one case, and ill-blood grew up 1
between one officer and a member of the board,
which led to a court-martial. I wished to know
whether blame properly attached to the individ-
ual who wgs arraigned and tried by order of the
Secretary of the Navy, or whether the member
of the board was culpable and had proved recreant
to his duty and his honor. I wished to judge of
all these things. But, sir, what was the course
of the Senate ? Apprehending that ill-feelings, or
a heated state of excitement, might grow out of
the communication of the information, they de-
clined to adopt the resolution. It remindeu me,
Mr. President, of a trial which took place not
very far from here, before a magistrate endowed
with a good portion of c«mmon sense and con-
siderable integrity, but not a highly educated man
—not a metaphysician. When the parties ap-
peared before nim, after hearing the testimony on
the side of the plaintiff, seeing a good deal of
excitement around him he ordered the court to
adjourn, and went out hastily with some bustle.
" Oh !" said the people, "stop,stop, Squire, you
are not going?" " Yes," saia he," I have heard
enough." " But," they said, " you have heard
only half the case." "Yes," replied he; "but
to near both " sides of a case always confuses
me, and I cannot give my decision; I am off!"
[Laughter.] Judging from the nature of the
opposition to the resolution, I fear the Senate
imagined that, if they were to hear both sides of
the case, they could not as readily decide on its
merits as if they only heard one side, and that
was the side advocated by the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
I am clearly of opinion that, if a special com-
mittee be raised, in accordance with the resolu-
tions of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Iver-
son,] we shall be enabled to elicit the facts in
relation to the whole subject; we can call on the
gentlemen of the board, and ascertain the reasons
for their action in relation to particular individ-
uals. Then we shall learn authoritatively whether
they founded their action on rumor, hearsay,
prejudice, or common fame ? What would be the
| fate of the board if " even-handed" justice was
but rendered to them? According to the treat-
ment whijeh they have given to others, they are
themselves obnoxious to charges sufficient to re-
move them for inefficiency, as much so as any
officers whom they have removed.
Sir, it is the elite of the Navy whom they have
stricken down in many instances, and others have
been dropped who might well have been retired.
Some men have been dropped who received the
thanks of Congress, who were presented with
swords and medals for their valorous deeds, and
who seven times saw the British lion cower be-
neath the wings of the American eagle. They
are sent adrift in their old age—cut loose from
every hope. Others, in the vigor of life, in the
fullness of manhood, in the prime of chivalry and
gallant bearing, have been stricken down. I will,
in one particular instance, call the attention of the
Senate to the language of a gentleman who is
entitled, by his associations, by his simplicity,
and the laconic character of his memorial, to the
consideration of the special committee, where
nothing can be smothered, but where the facts,
glaring as the noonday sun, can be investigated,
and a just award made on his merits.
Mr. MALLORY. Will my friend from Texas
inform me to what particular officer he alludes as
having received the thanks of Congress, and
having been seven times in victory—as I under-
stand him to say—and who has yet been dis-
missed. "
Mr. HOUSTON. Lieutenant Brownell.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will ask the honorable
Senator if he knows the fact, that the officer to
whom he alludes has never seen an hour's sea-
service in the Navy in his life. He has held a
commission, I believe, since 1837, and up to the
houf that the board acted upon him he had never
rendered at sea, on board of any vessel, an hour's
duty; and he wets annually reported in the Re-
gister as, " Sea-service, none."
I Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the Senator from Texas
to allow me a moment.
Mr. HOUSTON. With great pleasure.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have never in my life heard
a statement, though true in itself, which did so
great injustice to any man as that just made by
the chairman of the Naval Committee of this
House, [Mr. Mallory.] Lieutenant Brownell
entered the Navy as a master at the beginning of
the war of 1812; he was in seven actions on the
