1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m§
Mr. JONES. It has been just read. I will
state that the report merely proposes to do what
the House did, except that the House shall recede
from the adoption of the last section which the
House put into the bill, and which was to declare
that those who were minors at the time of the pas-
sage of former bounty land bills shall be entitled
to the provisions of said laws.
The question was taken; and the report of the
committee of conference was agreed to.
Mr. JONES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. PRINGLE. 1 believe the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddings] is entitled to the floor. If
he yield it to me a moment, I will make an expia-
tion to the House with reference to the proceed-
ings of the committee of conference. The com-
mittee appointed on the part of the House intended
to represent this body in the conference. They
intended to treat the Senate committee courteously,
and to yield to them in such points only as they
thought they would be warranted by the action
of the House in doing. The committee did agree
on the great mass of the appropriations in the
bill. The amendments Nos. 2G, 30,31,32, and 52,
were disagreed to. No. 26 refers to the water-
works. The next four relate to the Army appro-
priations ; and the last relates to appropriations
not named in the bill, but amounting to §153,000,
being a balance of a former appropriation for the
use of the Secretary of War, made during the
war with the Florida Indians, which was not ap-
plicable to the present expenses. The object of
that provision is to place this §153,000 under the
control of the Secretary of War; and the objec-
tion to it was, that it proposed to let him apply
that appropriation pretty nearly as he pleased.
I do not want to go into any argument in refer-
ence to the propriety of allowing or disallowing
any item in the appropriation bill at this time.
1 merely wish to say in regard to this matter, that,
when the committee of conference of the two
Houses parted, it was the understanding of the
committee on the part of the House that the Sen-
ate committee would recommend to that body a
resolution to adhere to the Senate amendments.
That being the understanding, the House com-
mittee were unanimous in advising me to recom-
mend a similar resolution to be adopted in the
House. Now, as the Senate has adopted a reso-
lution merely to insist on its amendments, I do
not think it would be wise on the part of the
House to be behind that body in courtesy. I
therefore ask leave of the House to withdraw the
resolution which I offered yesterday, and to take
up the communication from theSenatein relation
to the same matter. If that course be pursued, I
would move that the House do insist on its
amendments, and that another committee of con-
ference be appointed.
There being no objection, the communication
from the Senate was taken up and read; as fol-
lows:
Is the Senate of the United States, May 7,1856.
Resolved, That the Senate further insist ou then amend-
ments disagreed to by the Ilou&e of Representatives lo the
bill (No. 68) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations foi
the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, I806,
and disagree to the amendments of the House to the said
amf*ndments,arnl ask a tiutlier conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses.
Ordered, Tnat Mr. Hunter, Mr. Weller, and Mr. Fish,
be the committee on the part of the Senate.
Mr. BIDDINGS took the floor.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. "Will the gentleman
from Ohio allow me a few minutes to make a
personal explanation?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I am told on all sides not
to give way; but still I cannot refuse the gentle-
man's request.
Mr. COBB. On the day before yesterday, Mr.
Speaker, I felt it my duty to call upon you to
make 
Mr. MATTESON, (interrupting.) I object.
Mr. PHELPS. T hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw his objection. It is a
matter of personal explanation which the gentle-
man from Alabama wishes to make; it relates to
the presiding officer of the House.
Mr. MATTESON. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. COBB. Mr. Speaker, on the day before
yesterday—in order that { might have a record
made, so that my constituents might distinctly
understand the position which I occupied here—
I applied to you, satisfied that I could make such
record, in connection with the explanation of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bennett,] as
would be satisfactory not only to me, but to my
constituents. It has been suggested to me, Mr.
Speaker, that it might be supposed by you and
some others in this House, and perhaps by some
of my most intimate friends, that in my remarks
on that occasion I did injustice to the Speaker.
Sir, allow me to state that I never make a thrust
at a gentleman in a manner that connot be dis- j
tinctly understood; and I say now that I did not!
intend anything which would have a tendency to
cast any reflection 011 the Speaker, in relation to
that matter. I merely wanted the Speaker to
state, so that it might be put upon the record,
that the chairman of the Committee on Bublic
Lands was, through courtesy, entitled tn the floor.
I knew well that that gentleman would explain—
when I made the inquiry how it was that he got
the floor a second time—that he gave way in
order that the bounty land bill, in which I, as
well as other members of the House, felt a deep
interest, might be reported. That is the record;
that is what I stated. And allow me to say, that
I did not intend to reflect on you, Mr. Speaker,
or on anybody else in this House. Whenever I
wish to do such a thing, I do not use such lan-
guage as can in any way be misconceived. I
thank the House for its courtesy, and especially
the gentleman from New York for withdrawing
his objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from A labama as making any
reflection whatever on the actioi>,6f the Chair.
Mr. COBB. I am happy tfiat the Chair so
understood me.
THE RECENT DISTURBANCES AT PANAMA.
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed the floor, but yielded
to Mr. Pennington, who offered from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and by unanimous consent,
considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public interest, to fur-
nish this House with such information as may be in his
possession, or in that of any of the Department, touching
the recent disturbance at Panama, and touching the inter-
ruption of either of the routes of transit in foreign territory
between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans; and also what
measures, if any, have been taken for the protection of Amer-
ican interests touching the same.
POST ROUTES.
Mr. ENGLISH, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be requested to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing a post route from Lexington, 111 Scott county, Indi-
ana, to Little York, in Washington county, via Camaigo,
Wooster, New Frankfort, and Austin; al&o, a post route
from Leavenworth, in Crawford county, Indiana, to Paoli,
hi Orange county, via Magnolia, English, Mount Prospect,
and "Williamsburg.
DEFICIENCY BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. CAMPBELL, ofOhio. I ask my colleague
to yield tlie floor for a moment.
Sir. GIDDINGS. No, sir; I cannot yield the
floor further. I can very well afford to refuse
my friend—my political friend. I know he will
take it in kindness.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Certainly. Itoll on.
Mr. GIDDINGS then commenced some re-
marks in opposition to the amendments of the !
Senate, but before he had proceeded far was
seized with sudden indisposition, and fell upon
the floor in a fainting fit. Much confusion en-
sued, and members from all parts of the Hall
crowded around Mr. G. to renderassistance.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, called upon the Chair
to request members to take their seats, and not
crowd around the gentleman from Ohio.
The Speaker restored order; and Mr. Giddings,
having somewhat recovered, was removed from
within the bar to one of the windows of the j
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (after the excite-
ment had partially subsided,) said: I desire to
submit some remarks upon this subject, if it is
the pleasure of the House now to hear them.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House take a
recess now for half an hour. fCrieS of " No!"
"Noi'h '
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I think' the motion
of the gentleman from Missouri is unnecessary,
as we can suspend business for a few moments
by general consent. - . . --'
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I understand the "gen-
tleman from Ohio is recovering very rapidly; but
he will not probably be able to resume the con-
sideration of this subject.
The SPEAKER. Business will, by unani-
mous consent, be suspended for a few moments.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I propose tMt we
occupy a few moments in receiving reports from
committees. I suggest that this business be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
consideration of this subject will be postpdned. .
Mr. COBB. It is necessary that this busilies 
should be disposed of as speedily as possible.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I move that Ha
further consideration be postponed until two
o'clock.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope that mo-
tion will be agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I will make no objection to that.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business in
order was the consideration of a bill (H. R. No.
92) to provide for the better security of the iiv^s
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam; which was postponed
until this day.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained the
floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois to yield me the floor to report
a couple of bills from the Committee of Ways
aud Means.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will yield for that
purpose.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CAMPBELL then, by unanimous con-
sent, reported from the Committee of Ways antt
Means the following bills; which were severalty
read a first and second tin#, referred -to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,'
and ordered to be printed:
A bill making appropriations for the service'of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1857; and
A bill making appropriations for the transpor-
tation of the United States mails by ocean steam-
ers and otherwise during the fiscal year ending
30th of June, 1857.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to report some bills
from the Committee on Revolutionary. Claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE,' of Illinois. For what
purpose ?
Mr. SMITH. Simply to refer them, and have
them placed upon the Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the morning
hour commenced ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I must insist upon the
regular order of business.
Mr. SMITH. I hope the gentleman will allow
the committee to get these bills off their hands.
Mr. JONES. Other committees will want the
same privilege.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Oil motion of Mr. KIDWELL, it was
Chdercd, That leave be granted towithdravv fiom th« files
of the House the papery in the case of Daniel Steenrod, for
the purpose of referring tbem to the Court of Claims.
SECURITY1 OF PASSENGERS ON STEAM VES-
SELS.
The regular order of business being called for,
the Clerk reported the following bill:
A hill (H. R. No. 92) further to amend an act
entitled 4' An act to provide for the better security
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes."
The SPEAKER. This bill is reported
the Committee on Commerce with an amendment.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to have a Utile some-
thing to do with the passage of this bill-. has
been intimated to me that there waff desire for
a further postponement of the consideration of
