1856. J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Beard—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
Lakes, and did himself the most distinguished
credit, as is evidenced by the records of the De-
partment. He was there throughout the entire
war. After it closed he resigned, having been
■wounded and rendered unfit for sea-service, as he
admits. He reentered the Navy in 1841 as a
lieutenant, when he might have entered as a
captain. And a Senator now rises in his place
and says that he never saw a day's sea-service.
This is said of a man who fought on the Lakes
during the whole war, who was seven times in
action, and seven times assisted to haul down the
British colors.
The chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, by his statement, would have the Senate
and the country believe that Lieutenant Brownell
never did one day's sea-service. Coming out of
the war, wounded and unfit for service, he retired
from the Navy, and drew a pension for the
wounds which he had received. He reentered
the Navy in 1841 as a lieutenant, with all these
facts known, when he might have entered as a
captain. We are simplygiven the statement that
since that time he has performed no sea-service.
I am at liberty to state that before 1849 his three
years' service on the Lakes, during the war with
Great Britain, and in the action of Commodore
Perry, where he distinguished himself, were
marked on the Naval Register; and it has been
stricken out by the Navy Department unjustly
and without any authority. "1 hose are the facts
of the case.
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Brownell is a native of
Rhode Island, and he never refused to go on duty
until within a short time past, when he was suf-
fering from the wounds which he received in the
battles on Lake Erie. He was always ready, and
had never declined to enter the serviceVat any
time whenever called upon. These statements 1
make at his request; he called on me yesterday,
and desired that I should make them if his name
should be called in question.
Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me to state another
fact. He has for these services received the
thanks of the American Congress, and a sword
was voted to him.
Mr. HOUSTON. And a medal also.
Mr. MALLORY. I would not, Mr. President,
designedly do an act of injustice to any man, par-
ticularly one who has fought for his country, ]
as it is alleged Mr. Brownell has done. I am not
ignorant of Mr. Brownell's history in the Navy, I
and I do him no injustice. So far as concerns I
the facts stated by the Senator from Georgia,
perhaps he is better acquainted with them than I
am. Mr. Brownell was an acting master during
the war. He entered the Navy as & lieutenant,
if I recollect rightly, in 1837.
Mr. TOOMBS. In 1841.
Mr. MALLORY. I should like to know upon
what authority it is asserted that he could have
entered the Navy as a captain ? The understand-
ing of those somewhat familiar with naval mat-
ters is, that it was only after repeated effort, and
effort in very high political circles, that he was
admitted into the Navy at all.
I stated that, since that time—since he has held
a commission in the Navy, he has never seen an
hour's sea-service in the Navy. He has received
the pay of a lieutenant from 1837, I think, to
1855 without rendering sea-service, while other
officers of his grade have been performing it. In
saying that I do him no injustice. j
_ Mr. TOOMBS. Very great injustiee, by not
giving the rest of his history.
Mr. MALLORY. He received the thanks of
Congress—not specially, but as every one did
who fought in Perry's victory. I have simply
heard, as I presume the Senator from Georgia
has, that Brownell was wounded; to what extent
I have not heard. The intimation of the honor-
able Senator from Texas was, that" this man,
while in active service, was stricken down. Why, j
if I understand the Senator from Georgia cor-
rectly, Mr. Brownell never considered himself fit
for sea-service, but only for shore duty. I have
nothing to say about his action on the Lakes. AM
that I say is, that he did hold a commission from
1837 to 1855, and during that time you will find,
opposite his name on the Register," Sea-service,
none."
Mr. HOUSTdBT. Well, Mr. President, sup-
Eose he had only been qualified for shore duty:
ad he not, by his sufferings, by his wounds, by
his gallantry, by the estimation in which his acts
were held by the Congress of the United States,
entitled himself to a shore situation for life, if
necessary, or might he not have been placcd on
the retired list ? was he not dropped ?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. Instead of being placed on
the retired list, he was dropped. He might have
been placed either on the furloughed or the re-
tired list; but, no, sir, these memorials of his
country's gratitude, the admiration and high ap-
proval of Congress, were enough to excite the envy
of the men on that board who conspired to strike
down members of the Navy, and dishonor men
equal to themselves in position.
How is it with the gentleman whose memorial
I have now before me—Lieutenant Gibson, the
first officer on board ".he ship with the gallant
Ingraham, when he sustained your flag ana your
country's honor abroad in a foreign port, by not
! permitting a foreign hand to touch or defile the
hem of the garment of even an imputed citizen of
the United States? What does Gibson say?
After respectfully presenting his case to the con-
sideration of Congress, he says:
" By the action of the late naval retiring board, I was
placed on the furlough list. When that act was consum-
mated, I had but a short time previously returned from a
long cruise in the United States ship St. Louis. Having
been her executive officer during the whole period of her
absence from the United States, and having obtained from
her commander (Ingraham) a letter testifying his satisfac-
tion at my performance of the executive duties of the ship,
I joined my family, and was with thein enjoying an interval
of rest alter so long an absence from them, conscious that I
liad performed my duty, with no thought or apprehension
of approaching evil, when the letter from the Secretary of
the Navy, notifying me that I had been put on furlough,
came upon me like a blast of the hurricane, sweeping before
it all peace of mind, all comfort 1juid almost even hope itself.
You may possibly imagine, siiaBe feelings of a person thus
circumstanced, on the receipt Wsuch information, but it is
impossible for me to describe these feelings. And why, 1
ask, bave I been thus dealt with ? I know pot. I, however,
feel a perfect confidence that no charge can be established
against me,which can affect my efficiency. I therefore con- i
tend that the board have treated me most craeUy and i
mjmtty." I
Has he not a right to say it? Again.
" i have never tkulked from jny duty, but have obeyed j
with alacrity the orders which I have received for sea duty.
This is proven by the fact (as shown by the Naval Register
of 1856) that I have performed seventeen yeart mid eight ;
maiitts' tea ttrrciee, which is within two month) of as much
sea service as has been performed by the commodore who
acted as presiding; officer of the naval retiring board, though
that gentleman entered the Navy exactly two years before
I was born ; and I can also show, by the same register, that
I bave performed more sea service than twentu-rix of the
pott captain*, and tesenty-nine of the commandert, whose
names are there registered."
_Is this an ordinary case ? No; it is an extraor-
dinary one. Here a gallant man is struck down.
The eloquence in which he describes his emotions
can receive no additions from me. His language
is the expression of a wounded heart, suffering
under the pangs of wounded honor and lacerated
feelings. It requires no embellishment. It has
the bright embellishment of truth, prompted in
its utterance by wounded honor. I will ask the
honorable chairman of- the Committee on Naval
Affairs if this is not a case for the interposition
of Congress ? How will you reach it ? Through
the action of the President ? If he had an oppor-
tunity to restore him to position and favor, would
the naval board acquiesce in it ? No, sir; they
would not. It would be a reflection on their
judgment and on their action; it would com-
' promise their honor, and the infallibility of their
| omnipotent judgment! He has no chance but
through the interposition of Congress. Hun-
dreds are in a similar situation. Will ypu permit
them to remain the degraded victims of personfd
hate, and spite, and envy, and jealousy—down-
trodden, pointed at by their companions in life
as disrated men? Every avenue to success is
shut against them. They have no opportunity
of making their way through life; for, if they are
retired, or furloughed, or dropped—no matter
though they were the souls of honor—no under-
writer will underwrite for any vessel with these
gentlemen on board as officers.  No, sir; they
are shut out. The insurance companies have
adopted a rule, as I have been assured by gentle-
men who took the pains to examine, that they
will not underwrite a vessel on which one of
these officers is employed. If they had origin-
ally chosen to follow their profession, and obtain
employment in the merchant marine of the United
States, they would have found no impediment to
their future success; but here every barrier is
interposed by the action of this boara—I will not
I say judgment of this board, for I believe judgment,
i had nothing to do with it. I believe it was either
I caprice, or whim, or jealousy, or prejudice, or
| hatred, or envy; and that the higher impulses of
the human heart, and the more generous motives
of the soul, which inspire men to do justice, have
never heen called in requisition for one moment.
I am sorry that the venerable Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Clayton] is not now present. I
desire now to allude to a circumstance on which
he commented, and which will be recalled to the
recollection of e^ery Senator upon the menticn
of a name. That Senator spoke of the action of
the board in the case of Commander Ringgold,
of the Navy, who was furloughed. I believe h®
spoke of it as a proper action of the board. When,
asked if the temporary delirium which he suffered
had not existed only in one instance, the Senator
said that he was sorry to say he had understood,
or that rumor had said, that it was not the only
instance, but that there were others. Now, to
satisfy myself, having known the gentleman for
thirty years, I went to the Navy Department,
and I found that, whilst at the city of Canton, in
July, 1854, whither he had proceeded with his
squadron during the revolutionary disturbances,
(at the urgent appeals of American citizens,) in
the performance of the sacred and paramount duty
of protecting their lives and property, the officer,
whose duty it was to do this, being absent from
the coast on other important duty, he had been
suffering severely from chills and fevers, and the
l^jlrgeon had administered to him undue quanti-
ties of quinine, of morphine, and of the enxir of
opium—quantities sufficient to derange the strong-
est head. Without his knowledge, a medical
survey was held on him by thre« surgeons, two
of whom then saw him for the first time, and then
only for a few minutes, while he was suffering
from the effects of the narootics; as we have all
1 seen a hundred men grow delirious under parox-
ysms of chills and fever, or intermittent fever.
, The surgeons immediately decided that Com-
mander Ringgold was deranged, that it was a case
of mental aberration, and went off. When he
■ threw away these poisons, and was recovering,
he asked that a re-survey might be granted to
him; but it was denied, and he was gent home
under circumstances that were sufficient to derange
any man. The physician who came home with
him, as will be found by reference to the records
of the Navy Department, said he was perfectly
sane, intellectually and mentally. Another survey
was called for last June, and again it was reported
that Commander Ringgold was perfectly restored;
that his health and intellect Were a!s .perfect as
they had ever bee*, or as any man's could be.
Was this the excuse which the board had for
its action in his case? Was it because, from
indisposition, Ringgold had, on a survey, been
ordered home under peculiar circumstances, which
I will not here detail? In the examination of the
records, I found Commander Ringgold's applica-
tion for the command of the expedition to the
north China seas. In that application to Secre-
tary Kennedy, he desired the command, if it
should not be called for by any officer of higher
claims than himself or his senior in the Navy.
No other officer called for it, Commander Ring-
gold was appointed, and his constituted one of
the handsomest expeditions which has ever sailed
from an American port.
But if this was trie ground for the removal of
Ringgold, is he the only one upon whom a sur-
vey took place ? No, sir; I found in the course
of my examination that Captain Du Pont had at
Rio Janeiro a survey upon his health, when he
started for the East Indies, and arrived at that
point in command of a beautiful vessel—a little
ticklish, it is true, in managing, but one of the
neatest craft in our Navy. He round it necessary
to request a survey. It took place, and he was
condemned as laboring under a chronic disease,
in which he had taken a relapse, and his life was
in danger if he prosecuted the journey. He came
home. Since tneri, I believe, he has got along
