424
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 24,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
■very well. I have heard of no relapse._ As it
■was a " chronic disease" then, I suppose it must
have remained soforever,andhas never left him.
Here the very same man passed judgment on
Ringgold, who had himself labored under a sur-
vey and condemnation. These are the facts. It
will be found that from the very first moment
when Ringgold called for the survey under which
he was condemned, up to the day when he sailed
home, his correspondence with the commodore 1
of the squadron contains as sane and pertinent |
letters as 1 have ever read from any gentleman
in my life. Yet he was condemned, deprived of
his command, and sent home a prisoner. These
are the facts. From what I know of that gen- .
tleman, personally, if I had to sail on board a
ship, there is no one in the service with whom I (
would sooner risk my life and personal security j
than with Ringgold. As to his habits, they are
irreproachable; as to his chivalry, it is unques- jj
tioned. His family have given evidences of it. I|
He is the brother of the gallant Major Ringgold,
whose blood was drunk by the tnirsty soil of i
Palo Alto, and who fell a victim for his country's
honor. But that was no plea in his behalf. He
was too elegant a gentleman to escape the con-
demnation of this board.
Lieutenant Bartlett, who was handed over by
the venerable Senator from Delaware to the tender
mercies of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Sli-
dell,] is another officer who is a striking exam-
ple of the influence of prejudice against men of
merit and capacity. There is something peculiar
in his case, and the Senator from Louisiana has
arrayed the facts and given us the secret. He told
us that, being a connection of Commodore Perry,
and seeing a certain correspondence, he felt an
interest in the matter; and what is the whole of
it? Most strange, indeed, that he should ha^
felt that Commodore Perry's honor was about tP
suffer, when I think that one of the most honor-
able acts which any gentleman could have done is
the one that was imputed to him by Lieutenant
Bartlett. It will be recollected that on one occa-
sion Lieutenant Bartlett met Mr. Parker, and
being shown a letter written to Mr. Parker that
seemed to indicate a disposition entertained by
Commodore Perry, favorable to the disrated of-
ficers, it made a deep impression on his mind. He
sought an interview with Commodore Perry; and
what was the consequence ? It resulted in a very
unrestrained communication on the part of Com-
modore Perry to Mr. Bartlett, which was trans-
mitted by Mr. Bartlett to a friend, to whom he
wished to administer consolation—not with a
view to have it published. That friend inconsid-
erately sent it off and it was published. Thus it
made its appearance in the newspapers. A mind
heated, encouraged by the denunciations of Com-
modore Perry of the action of that board, would
naturally recur to the most striking portions of
that conversation, and identify thein with any cir-
cumstance that held out a hope of redress to the
injured parties. He says that Commodore Perry,
in the conversation, stated this:
" I hope the day will soon come when the monstrous
injustice which has been done to you and others will be
corrected."
Those are the words—" monstrous injustice,"
and that he should have repeated them in con-
nection with this letter is one of the most natural
things in the world. He had not seen the letter
for weeks; but recurring to his conversation
with Commodore Perry in detail, in order to cor-
roborate that, he adverts to the letter to Mr.
Parker. Can any one believe for a moment that
Mr. Bartlett intended to pervert the truth or to
distort the facts ? Did he not suppose that the
letter to Mr. Parker was what he stated ? But
hurried, excited upon the subject, his mind re-
curring to the strong expressions of Commodore
Perry, he merely stated them as if they had been
used in the letter to Mr. Parker. Could he have
any bad motive in misrepresenting the letter?
Did he not know that, if he had misrepresented
it, he was liable to detection and correction at
any time ?
The Senator from Louisiana indulged in very
harsh, and, as I thought, unnecessary remarks in
regard to Lieutenant Bartlett. The peroration of
the venerable Senator from Delaware, who dep-
recated the application of epithets to individuals
who could not be heard to vindicate themselves
on this floor, would have applied very forcibly
to the remarks of the Senator from Louisiana.
Lieutenant Bartlett had been distinguished. He
had been in France three years on special service,
and he had discharged all his duties there in a
most enlightened and able manner. He came
home lauded by our minister in France, as having
with ability and capacity discharged his trust.
He arrived here and adjusted his accounts; and
there is no record of one iota against him in the
Department, but everything is smooth and clear.
To be sure, they did not pay him what he was
promised. They were to give him a certain per-
centage on the money expended, but they did
not do it because he had drawn, and the money
did not pass through his hands; but the respons-
ibility on his part was the same. Instead of
allowing him this percentage, they withheld
some thousand dollars. But what of that? Is
there any officer in the Army or Navy who has
had money to expend, that has not been called
in question in his pecuniary adjustments? Ac-
counts are checked with great particularity, and
it is no reflection on an officer to have disputes
with officials here in reference to his accounts.
But, sir, Lieutenant Bartlett was detailed on
active service at the time when he was dropped.
Why was he dropped ? Because it was rumored
that he had done something improper on the
western coast of the United States, when he was
in command of the cutter Ewing. It was ru-
mored; but no fact was established, nor has it
been to this hour, nor can it be; but that was the
alleged ground on which he was dismissed. The
true ground was, that he was an efficient officer;
that he was in favor of real reform of the Navy;
that he was not a friend of flogging; and was an
advocate of temperance. Some people have an
appetite for seeing otl^rs whipped, so that they
escape the lash thems*es. Lieutenant Bartlett
was at sea at the time when he was stricken down;
and why? Another gentleman who has been
here, I think, for three years, had been ordered
to sea. He was inefficient, and unable to go to
sea; he obtained leave of absence, and was with-
drawn. Lieutenant Bartlett was detailed to sup-
ply his place; and in thirty-six hours afterwards,
1 believe, he was on board the ship. He per-
formed the cruise with perfect satisfaction to the
officer who commanded; and the gentleman whose
place he supplied has remained, I am told, up to
this time in Washington city, most comfortably
quartered; and, though inefficient, he has beep
retained on the active list, but he has not been
promoted. Bartlett was one of the men who was
willing and able to perform at sea an undue por-
tion of service, because others had from disin-
clination refused to meet the detail made of them.
As Mr. Bartlett has been handed over to the
tender mercies of the Senator from Louisiana,
I will hand over to Mr. Bartlett's tender mercies
Mr. Missroon and Mr. Jenkins, witnesses who
appeared against him before the Committee on
Naval Affairs. I think, by the time the Senator
gets through with all of them, he will find that it
is a troublesome business to nurse them all. To
the tender mercies of Bartlett I commend these
gentlemen. He was singled out of all the memo-
rialists before the Naval Committee for the pur-
Eose of examination; and when he presented
imself before that committee, he asked to have
the privilege of having counsel. Counsel were
denied him; witnesses were brought forward and
examined—I do not know whether they were
sworn or not, but they were examined as to his
general character, his character for veracity—all
pointing to this publication in the newspaper
which has been indorsed, and which I consider
of perfect validity, because Commodore Perry
in two months has never controverted or denied
a single word of it. I consider it indorsed by his
silence, and deriving all the verity which it could
have received from his absolute affirmative sanc-
tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me to say a word ?
Mr. HOUSTON. With great pleasure.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My colleague is absent,
and I am not aware, of course, of those circum-
stances of detail which he obtained from Commo-
dore Perry,and which are involved in the investi-
gation of this quarrel—almost triangular I may
call it. But so far as the Senator from Texas can
draw any advantage from the supposed ratifica-
tion of this statement by Commodore Perry, I
beg leave to recall to his memory the fact, that
the last time when this subject was under con-
sideration in the Senate, my colleague distinctly
stated that the extract from the letter which had
been published in the New York Herald had
remained unnoticed until some person would
make himself responsible for it; that he himself,
after correspondence with Commodore Perry,
had in his hands the means of rebutting this pre-
tended statement of Commodore Perry's, as erro-
neous to say the least—I believe my colleague
used a harsher word, which I do not choose to
repeat. He stated that it had remained unan-
swered only because there was no responsible
Ferson to father it; and as soon as the Senator—.
think it was the Senator from Texas—informed
my colleague that Mr. Bartlett was responsible
for this statepient, my colleague arose, and, on
behalf of Commodore Perry, dehied it the very first
moment that an opportunity was offered him.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana that it was the Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] who made the statement
to which he has just referred.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was the Senator from
Georgia; I was not quite certain in my memory.
Mr. HOUSTON. It was the Senator from
Georgia with whom the Senator from Louisiana
had the colloquy to which reference is made. I
understood that the statement which the absent
Senator from Louisiana had from Commodore
Perry merely referred to the expression contained
in the letter to Mr. Parker, and not to the general
substance of the publication. It was particu-
larly aimed at the quotation, "monstrous in-
justice" 
Mr. IVERSON. In the conversation which
occurred between the Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Slidell] and myself on the occasion referred
to by the other Senator from Louisiana to-day, I
gave the authority of Mr. Bartlett for the state-
ment which purported to have been contained in
the letter from Commodore Perry to Mr. Parker.
The Senator from Louisiana contradicted it—not
by stating anything, or quoting anything from
Commodore Perry, but by submitting the original
letter which had been transmitted to him, not by
Commodore Perry, but by Mr. Parker; so that
really Commodore Perry has never said, directly
or indirectly, whether the fact be true or not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. So far as that matter is
concerned, 1 should like to put it right now. It
is a very unfortunate circumstance that this con-
troversy should arise during the absence of my
colleague; but the Senate will remember distinctly
that my colleague rose and stated that he had
been waiting for some one who would take the
responsibility of the statement which had been
communicated anonymously to the Herald. It
is true that my colleague did not read to the Sen-
ate any direct communication from Commodore
Perry; but he gave the Senate and the country
fully to understand that, in everything that he
said, he was justified and authorized by private
communications from Commodore Perry. He
did not use any statement from Commodore Perry
for the purpose of meeting this anonymous com-
munication; but he said that he knew Commo-
dore Perry's views and feelings upon the subject;
that this communication had been sent to him
from Lieutenant Parker; that he had retained it in
his possession, with the full knowledge of Com-
modore Perry's views on the subject; and had
waited until some person should back this anon-
ymous communication before he gave it the con-
tradiction which he thought it merited, and in
terms which he considered justifiable under the
circumstances. I make no commentary upon
those terms. It is not my de«ire to enter into
the discussion upon these grounds; but I certainly
think that during the absence of my colleague it
is my duty, at all events, to recall the true state
of facts to the Senate, so that injurious impres-
sions may not go abroad, either as to the conduct
of Commodore Perry, or as to the action of my
colleague, who is now absent from his seat.
Mr. IYERSON. So far as regards the quota-
tion from the letter of Commodore Perry to Mr
