1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
was necessary to give efficacy to them. This he
might give or withhold. If withheld, the report
and finding of the board were as if they had never
been made. If approved, they were adopted by
the Executive, and carried into effect as his own
act, under the law. If such finding* (says the
law) shall be approved by the President, then such
officers shall be dropped from the rolls, or placed
in the order of their rank and seniority at the
time upon a list 111 the Navy Register, called a
"reserved list." The law authorized a board
of officers 'i to recommend," and they did recom-
mend, and nothing more; and also rendered
necessary the approval of the President of their
"finding," before the law could go into effect,
and tins he did approve. How, then, have the
board and the Executive exceeded their powers?
But it has also been said, that the proper rem-
edy for all the errors and evils which have been
committed by the board is to be found 111 the
repeal of the law under which that board was
convened. In this, Mr. President, I cannot con-
cur. That law, sir,—good or bad,—has been
oxecured, and a repeal of it can no more restore
to professional existence on the active list of the
Navy those who have been dropped from it, than
the repeal of a law under which a criminal had
suffered could restore him to life after his sentence
had been carried into execution. That law, sir,
created what had 110 previous existence in our
Navy—a reserved list; and those who wore placed
on it were dropped entirely from the active list as
effectually as those who had been dropped from
the rolls of the Navy altogether. If, then, I am
correct in this, the only effect of repealing the
law would be to drop altogether from the Navy
those who had been placed upon this list. These
officers have been discharged from the active list,
and ploced on the reserved list; and if you repeal
the law creating this reserved list, all who are on
it are struck down with its repeal, and thus cease
altogether to he connected with (he iSovy in any
capacity whatever.
It cannot suiely be said that Congress can
restore officers who have been dismissed from
the service. This can be done only by the Pres-
ident and Senate. Nor can those officers who
have been dropped from the active list, and
placed 011 the reserved list, be lestoied by act
of Congress, any more than officers who had
been altogether dropped from the rolls. They
stand 111 this respect on the same footing pre-
cisely, and the same principle and rule of appoint-
ment apply to both alike. The difference m this
respect between officers dropped altogether and
those dropped from the active list is one only of
degree, and not of principle; 111 the one case, the 1
officer is dropped altogether from the service; 111 1
the other, ha is dropped from the service 011 the act- ;
ive list. The rcstoianon m either case must be
made by the nomination of the President (for
commissioned officers) and the advice and con-
sent of this body.
Mr. President, no one feels more deeply than I
do for the distress and fortification of feeling
which have been caused by the operation of this
law. Forty-nine officers have been altogether
dropped from the list of the Navy, and many
are left entirely destitute of the means of sup-
port. The blow was with some altogether unex-
pected, and at once they were thrown penniless |
on the world. Without calling in question the j
necessity under the law of this act of seeming I
severity, I would be too happy to have it in my !
power to alleviate their condition by a vote of j
money to each dropped officer, who shall not be ,
reinstated in service, to furnish him the means of
support until he can have time to engage in sonic
other occupation. It has been suggested that a
certain amount a year pay should be given to
all such officeis. This would certainly secure
my vote, and i hope such a measure, if proposed,
will be adopted. Hut these are cases of officers
of high diameter and standing, who have been
retired for inefficiency in consequence of ill
health, from which they may be entirely and '
permanently relieved 111 time; and there are also
cases of young officers of talent, courage, and
energy, who have been retired in consequence of
youthful indiscretions, and perhaps vices, who
may have been entirely reformed. By being
retired from the active list their hopes and aspira-
tions have been forever blasted, unless the Exec-
utive (for with him alone rests the power) shall
becomc satisfied of recovery of health in the one
case, and reformation on the other, and restore
them to their positions in the service. I believe
there are some, if not many such cases, and I am
rejoiced to think they will receive the most kind
and favorable consideration at the hands of the
President.
But the officers must not be too impatient. It
may take time to satisfy the Secretary, or the
President, that such thorough change has taken
place as to justify a restoration. Again: there
are officers who have been placed on the furlough
list, whose characters have never been soiled
with even a suspicion of wrongdoing—somewho
have lost their health in the service of their coun-
try, or received honorable wounds in its battles,
but are not competent to discharge all their duties
ashore and afloat. All such officers I would re-
move from the furlough list, wherever they arc
found on it, to the leave of absence list. This
would be grateful to their feelings—an act of jus-
tice and liberality on the part of the Government
—and would be, I believe, highly gratifying and
satisfactory to the people of the country.
And now, Mr. President, I hope it may not be
considered presumptuous, in conclusion, to state
briefly a practical plan which has occurred to
me, by which the mistakes made and evils com-
plained of may be corrected, and satisfaction
given in a measure to the retired officers them-
selves, and to a large portion of the public, whose
sensibilities have been so much excited on this
subject.
A repeal of the law, as I have before stated,
would, in my opinion, aggravate rather than di-
minish the evils and suffering which have been
caused by the strict, but as i firmly believe con-
scientious, execution of the law of reform and re-
tirement.
First—Authorize the President, by and with the
advice of the Senate, to tiansfer officers from the
furlough list to the leave of absence list, and u ice
versa.
Second—For the President to forbear, as has
been intimated was his intention, to make any
further nominations forpromotion, until the cases
of the officers remonstrating against the finding
of the navy board shall have been fully investi-
gated; and that whenever he shall become satis-
fied that injustice has been done to any one, that
he will nominate him for the place he hold on the
list, of whatever grade, before his being retired,
and this without reference; to the law of the limit-
ation of the number of officers to compose every
grade of the service. Establish by law a scien-
tific corps in the Navy, with Maury at its head,
with the rank of captain; and, finally, authorize
the President to confer upon the gallant veteran,
Stewart, who has shed so much honor upon his
country, the rank of admiral, 011 the active list,
in the same manner and on the same condition
as that of lieutenant general was conferred on
General Scott.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I had not de-
signed to address the Senate during the consider-
aton of this resolution, nor to say anything upon
the subject to which it relates until after the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs should have made a report
to the Senate. I do not intend now to go into any
general discussion of the question, but I desire to
submit a few remarks to the Senate upon the effect
of the repeal of the law of the last session, as that
seems to have been, perhaps, more generally dis-
cussed than any other question connected with
the subject. Inasmuch as 1 differ essentially from
honorable Senators who have discussed that ques-
tion, upon this side of the Chamber, and inas-
much as some of those Senators have heretofore
occupied and do now occupy positions which, in
addition to their great ability, give their opinions
respect and inspire confidence in the community,
1 confess that I approach the discussion of the
subject with considerable diffidence.
The plain language of the statute does not seem,
in the opinion of the honorable Senators of whom
I speak—the honorable Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] and the honorable Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Touchy ]—to warrant their
construction. They concede that, in respect to
officers dropped and officers retired under that
law, the law itself declares then* places " vacant,"
and provides, in terms, for the filling of those
vacancies: but it is insisted by both the honor-
able Senators, and. if I recollect ari£rht. bv the
honorable Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler,] also, that in truth what the law denom-
inates a vacancy is a new office. Proceeding to
reason upon that hypothesis, they come to the
conclusion that, if a taw creating anew office be
repealed, the office must fall with it. If the argu-
ment in its extent be true, it is also true that, if
the hypothesis on which it is founded shall be
found to be false, the argumcntmust fall. I shall
undertake to show, in a very few minutes, that
the hypothesis upon \tfhich the honorable Sen-
ators proceed is not the true one.
I remarked, preliminary to a motion to adjourn
the other evening, that what the honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut had called the theory of
the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,]
was but the theory of the law. Let us bring
this question to a few tests, and see whether it is
not so. For that purpose, let us suppose that,
according to the opinion of all, the law has been
completely executed; that is to say, that these
vacancies or new offices have been filled by nom-
inations from the President, with the consent of
the Senate. Where, then, is the naval office?
Is it held by a gentleman thus promoted, or is it
held by a gentleman retired? If the man pro-
moted should die, or resign, there would be a
vacancy to be filled in the Navy; but I ask, if
the man who was retired should resign, or die,
would any vacancy remain to be filled ? If not, is
not that an end of the hypothesis that that indi-
vidual is an officer in the Navy ? Sir, I apprehend
that those five words, "an officer in the Navy,"
used by the honorable Senator from Connecticut
in his argument, are the very words which misled
him. J say a man who has been retired is not
an officer in the Navy within the meaning of the
Constitution and the law. It is true,.as insisted
by that honorable Senator, and by the honorable
Senator from Virginia, that you have not, in
terms, taken from him his commission; he is not
in the position of an officer who has been cashiered
and dismissed from the service. The law still
retains in the hands of the President the power,
at his own pleasure, to call him into service
temporarily. While it is impossible to give him
any other position except that which the law
gives him—that of an officer retired from the
active service of the Navy—his position is much
more nearly allied, on principle, to that of a for-
mer officer of the Navy on the pension list, than
to any other position known to our service.
I apprehend that this argumentmny be carried
out to its fullest extent; and I think that if every
individual placed on the retired list were unfor-
tunately to die to-day, it would not bo in the
power of the President, under existing laws, to
make a nomination to fill any one of their places.
I apprehend that it is equally true that it would
not create any vacancy 111 the Navy. Then, if
this be so, it is not true that the places made va-
cant by retiring those officers are new offices in
the Navy.
It certainly is not in my power, Mr. President,
to make that proposition any clearer by elaborat-
ing it further; and, if I were to consult my own
feelings, I would not say another word on this
question until the Committee 011 Naval Affairs
shall have reported it to the Senate, and there
shall be something tangible before us to act upon.
I think, however, that erroneous impressions have
existed, to some extent, in the Senate, and 1 must
suppose that the line of argument pursued here
has sent those erroneous impressions broadcast
over the country; and therefore I trust I shall be
pardoned if I add a few words in respect to them.
It was said by the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] that gentlemen in the
Navy were abroad on duty; that they had no
friend in or about the Capitol to look after their
interests; and, hcncc, that injustice had been done
them with very great facility. Is that the fact?
Have not individual Senators, and has not the
Senate itself, been made to feel the weight of
those gentlemen and their friends ? Have not
importunities been strong, and urgent, and even
clamorous ? Has not not only the outside of the
Capitol been attacked, but are"not these individ-
uals within your very intrerichments ? and have
you not been called upon to exercise the power of
this House as a consequence ? When was agreat
reform in morals, religion, or upon any other
subject, ever attempted, that it was not sought to
be clamored down, and has it not been too often
