1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
425
34th Cong....1 st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Houston.
Senate.
Parker, which was made by Mr. Bartlett in the
communication which I read to the Senate on that
occasion, Mr. Bartlett himself has corrected it, and
admitted the fact that he used too strong language
in the alleged quotation.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 understand that to be so.
Mr. IVERSON. There is no controversy,
therefore, on that point; but it has been stated by
Mr. Bartlett, and it was stated yesterday on the
floor of the Senate by the Senator from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] on the authority of a Senator
of this body not now in his seat, and upon the
authority of Lieutenant Gibson—and I presume
the statement will not be controverted—that Com-
modore Perry has, time after time, in the most
public manner, without any concealment, and
without giving any confidential character to his
communications, condemned in the most unequiv-
ocal and decided terms the action of the naval
board. That Commodore Perry has never denied,
and no one, I presume, will ever deny it for him.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to say but one word
more, if the Senator from Texas will pardon me.
I do not pretend to know what Commodore Perry
has said on the subject. The Senator from Geor-
gia says that it will not be denied that—as was
asserted yesterday—Commodore Perry made use
of expressions condemnatory of the course of the
naval board. I know nothing whatever on that
matter; but I do protest against any inference be-
ing drawn as to Commodore Perry's concession
in regard to the truth or accuracy of these repre-
sentations of his conversations, until my col-
league, who is closely related to him, and who is
in possession of his confidence on the subject,
shall be in his seat, and shall have heard a state- j
ment of the conversations that are imputed to j
him. For myself, I do not pretend to deny—as
the Senator from Georgia says that he presumes
no one will deny—these imputed conversations;
but I will say that, until they come from some
other source than Lieutenant Bartlett, I refuse
my credence to them. j
Mr. MALLORY. If my friend from Texas
will allow me, I wish to put him right as to one
question. All this controversy in relation to
personal matters I cannot enter into, because this
great naval reform does not depend on any such |
?[uestions which may be put in issue here. There-
ore I have not responded to the remarks which
the honorable Senator from Tennessee made yes-
terday in referring to Mr. Bartlett; I have not
responded to ^nnythingr which fell from the hon-
orable Senator from Texas in relation to Mr. !
Bartlett, because the case was committed to the
honorable member from Louisiana, [Mr. Sli-
dell,] who will give proper responses to the
ideas thrown out here in regard to Mr. Bartlett, :
which I have no doubt will be Satisfactory to the
Senate.
But the Senator from Texas undertakes to
comment on a matter which this body has com-
mitted to one of its standing committees—a
memorial on which there is to" be a report. That
matter is before the committee, and is undergoing
its investigation at this moment. What report
the committee may make upon that subject is
yet entirely uncertain. The Senator from Texas,
however, undertakes to comment upon the con-
duct of the committee in that case. If he chooses
to do that, I submit it as amatterof taste and pro- '
priety; but 1 wish to correct him as to a point of j
fact in which he is mistaken. I presume that he j
has been misinformed upon the subject, because i
I am confident that he could not have derived his 1
information from any member of the committee.
The statement to which I allude is as to the
investigation which is going on as to the veracity
of Mr. Bartlett.
The Senator said that the investigation pointed
to the letter in the Herald, as if the veracity of
Mr. Bartlett was to be dependent entirely on the
issue of the controversy between Commodore
Perry and himself. Now, I beg to inform my
friend from Texas that such is not the fact. I
have never asked a question, to my knowledge,
in relation to that letter, the answer to which
would affect the veracity of Mr. Bartlett in any
degree whatever. The examination before the
committee is entirely outside of that. It may
come in, as a matter of course, though I should
never ask a question about it. I merely wish to
put my friend from Texas right, and to state that
the acts of the committee are yet incomplete;
they are going on in their investigation, and will
endeavor to acquit themselves to the satisfaction
of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I really thought that I was
out of this triangular controversy; butthe remarks
of the gentleman who has just spoken appear to
implicate me a little. 1 did not charge the gen-
tleman with what he imagines; but f said that,
judging from the circumstances and from the
declarations of the Senator from Louisiana, it
was clear to me that this publication in regard to
Commodore Perry had stimulated the member
from Louisiana in the course which he pursued
in the arraignment of Mr. Bartlett before the
committee. I said that the questions which were
put to the witnesses who were introduced were
designed or calculated to invalidate his general
credit and veracity. Am I right?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; I do not think the
Senator recollects precisely the point which he
made. It was that the investigation as to the
veracity of Mr. Bartlett was all directed to this
letter in relation to Commodore Perry. That
was the Senator's remark. I wish to say that
he is misinformed as to that fact entirely.
Mr. HOUSTON. At all events, his veracity
and his general character were attacked by the
witnesses—Mr. Missroon and others. I do not
say that I understand the information before the
committee as well as the venerable Senator from
j Delaware. He said that, though he knew-the
| proceedings of the committee well enough, he
: would not state them. He was perfectly posted
i in relation to the whole matter. I have no doubt,
! and I believe every word that he said as to his
j information. I have not alluded to this matter
' for the purpose of imputing anything dishonor-
able to Commodore Perc^ I have respect for
i that gentleman; I would^ot hurt a hair of his
head; nor would I soil thd hem of his mantle.
I have respect for him; and I have more respect
than I before entertained for him since I have ;
seen this publication, because it shows that he j
has a heart. If he had yielded to the importu- ,
nities of the head of the Department, and given \
his time and attention to a board that was odious !
to him as a system of proscription, he is excusable;
but he^) now fully awakened to a sense of the
injustice done to gallant men, and entertains an
ardent hope that reparation will be made, com-
mensurate with the wrongs inflicted.
This was the amount of the conversation. I
wish it known everywhere, because I believe it
veritable, and because Commodore Perry has
never opposed one contradiction to it that I have
heard of; nor did the Senator from Louisiana
impute to Mr. Bartlett a want of accuracy or
truth in anypartof the statement which he made,
except in the quotation of the letter, and that I
have already explained, where the words " mon-
strous injustice were substituted, from the deep
impression which the conversation had made on
him. He had merely seen the letter. His state-
ment of it was written as a private communica-
tion, and not with a view of having publicity
given to it; but that was inconsiderately done by
the friend to whom it was sent. Mr. Bartlett,
in writing to a friend, says:
" I have spoken to you of a conversation held in New
York, since my return from the coast of Africa, with Com-
modore Perry, the subject being the action of the late naval
board, of which he was a member. I had also seen a letter
in Commodore Perry's handwriting to Mr. Parker, son of
Commodore Parker, late a lieutenant, in which Commo-
] dore Perry compliments Parker, and then adds: 'I hope the
day will soon come when the monstrous injustice which
! has been done to you and others will be corrected.' In
visiting Commodore Perry I did not suppose he would be
very communicative; but he received me with so much
warmth of feeling and courtesy, that I determined to ex-
! press myself very freely upon the whole matter, and did so.
The commodore then said that he could not talk to me of
my own case, being under implied obligations of secrecy to
the board, but he would say that he abominated the action
of the board; that he had protested against its secret ses-
sions ; that he had presented a resolution (which he had
preserved) to have open meetings, or to that effect, which
was voted down; that he had been dishonored and dis-
graced by the action of the board, he being a member of
it; that he hoped he should soon be called upon to disclose
his views of all that had been done there, and that, when
called upon to disclose his views of all that had been done
there, or taken place at the board, either before Congress
or a court of justice, he would tell the whole truth; that he
had protested before the President and Secretary against
such Star Chamber proceedings; that he considered it
monstrous in every way; that it was a packed conspiracy
against tlie honor of the Navy; that it had ruined his repu-
tation, anil he knew it; and he also now knew that he had
done wrong there as little as he had done, and he was sorry
for it; that it was the first time in his life that he had been
called upon to do that which had caused liim to lose his
self-respect, but that the action of a majority of that board
; had done it.
" The commodore also said, ' that he hoped not one of
the new commissions would be confirmed by the Senate
till a flill investigation could be had, and the shameful con-
duct of these conspirators exposed.' He said he did not
. make any secrecy of his opinions about this matter; that
the board had disgraced and dishonored him, and he knew
it. The name of Perry was in every way identified with
I the Navy, and he had lost all interest in the Navy, and
i would resign instanter if he had the means of living. He
regretted that he had not given up his commission, if neces-
sary, or placed it on the issue, rather than act; and not to
have done so he now sees was to set aside his ordinary
; sagacity; regrets that he did not refuse to he even a con-
j servati ve member of the board. The commodore also said:
j ' Sir, the board never imagined for one moment that all the
I list as the action of the board would be approved by the
. Secretary and the President,' but supposed it would be
sent hack for revision, and then (he said) ' the conserva-
tive members of the board would have had some power,
and could have compelled the conspirators, or these men,
to do justice where so much injustice had been done.'
j "Here is a confession from a penitent and suffering
member, which his whole manner and action showed to be
real.
i " The commodore also said: ' Sir, if I was ordered to
! the command of a dangerous and important expedition to-
morrow, I would tell the Department and the world that f
would prefer to select my officers from those who have been
discarded rather than those who are left. There is nothing
but a bundle of sticks left: men who never did anything,
and never will; who never made a mistake because they
never attempted anything.'"
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from
Texas be so good as to inform me from what
authority he reads that? Where was it pub-
lished ?
Mr. HOUSTON. This is the publication which
has made so much fuss, and in it occurs the quo-
tation which has been commented on in the Sen-
ate.
Mr. BENJAMIN.
Bartlett ?
Mr. HOUSTON.
Mr. BENJAMIN.
Mr. HOUSTON.
Is it signed by Lieutenant
Not at all.
It is anonymous, then?
It was recognized by gen-
tlemen here. It was stated by the Senator from
Georgia and recognized by 
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Texas will
allow me to say that he is under some mistake
about that. I did not make any allusion to any-
thing from Mr. Bartlett except the quotation of
the letter of Commodore Perry to Mr. Parker.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is what I say. It is a
quotation used in this publication—it is all the
same publication.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator should not give
me as authority for the residue of the statement
which he has read.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is a question which
I cannot allow to pass in any confusion. I do
not understand—and my recollection is not—that
my colleague heard that letter read, and failed to
deny that that conversation was had between
Commodore Perry and Mr. Bartlett. On the con-
trary, my distinct recollection is that my colleague
repelled, as a charge which would dishonor the
character of Commodore Perry, the fact that he
had made any such statement as that which was
contained in the pretended extract from a letter,
which extract was afterwards admitted to be
false 
Mr. HOUSTON. It was not admitted to be
false. _ I hope the Senator will use an expression
becoming the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Did I not understand the
Senator from Georgia and the Senator from Ten-
nessee to admit it?
Mr. HOUSTON. They admitted that it was
erroneous; that it was a mistake.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If it is not true, I beg the
Senators' pardon. But what is the case? That
which purported to be the copy of a letter written
by Commodore Perry was, according to the state-
ment of the Senator from Tennessee yesterday,
merely something that rested in the brain of
Lieutenant Bartlett from a conversation; the
letter was an entirely different thing. Now, sir,
the Senator from Texas says that my colleague,
having heard that letter read, or these statements
of Lieutenant Bartlett abouta conversation, which
he repeated, did not deny them. I say that,
according to the best of my recollection—I am
