1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IMl
by the proper officer, in the name of the United States :
Provided, however, That the person or persons so informing
shall not be implicated or interested, dnectly or indirectly,
by collusion or otherwise, in the violation by which such
penalty shall be incurred.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the thirteenth
subdivision of section nine of the steamboat law of August
30,1852, is hereby amended so as to read as follows:
Thirteenth, That any supervising or local inspector shall
have power to summon before him, and to compel their
attendance by the same process as in courts of law, and
alter a reasonable time given to the alleged delinquent, at
the time and place of such investigation, to examine said
witnesses under oath, touching the conduct and perform-
ance of their duties, of any engineer oi pilot, amfthe cause
of any collision or accident with, or to any craft upon which
such engineer or pilot shall ho. employed; and if it shall
appear satisfactorily that any such engineer or pilot is in-
competent, or that life has been placed m peril by reason of
such incompetency, or by ncgligence or misconduct on the
part of any such person, the said inspector shall imme-
diately suspend or revoke his license, and report his doing so
to the chief officer of the customs; and the said chief officer
ot the customs shall pay out of the revenues herein pro-
vided, such sums to any witness so summoned under the
♦provisions of this act, for his actual travel and attendance,
as bhall be officially ceitified by such inspector hearing the
casp upon the back of the summons, not exceeding the rates
allowed to a witness for travel and attendance m the cir-
cuit and distnct courts of the United States.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duty of the collector or other chief officer of the customs in
each collection district, to administer the necessaiy official
oaths to the inspectors; also, in districts where there is no
local board, to pilots or engineers m case ot' a renewal of
license, when requested by the supervising inspector so to
do. Inspectors are hereby authorized and empowered to
administer all oaths necessary m the performance of their
official duties.
Sec. 21. Jlnd he it further enacted, That, in consideration
of the services and duties required from collectors or other
chief officers of customs by the piovisions of the act to
which tins is an amendment, and of this act, such collector
or other chiof officer of customs shall be entitled to, and
rcecive for each and every set of certificates prepared m
due fo-niin pursuance of such provision-, the sum of $1 r>0,
the same to be paid out of the revenues provided m the act
to which this is an amendment.
Sec. 20 Jlnd be it further enacted,, That if any licensed
pilot or engineer shall, on investigation, be found guilty of
any violation of the provisions of this act, or the act to
which this is an amendment, and be subjected to a penalty
therefor, but shall delay or refuse to pay the same, the su-
pervising inspector may, upon satisfactory evidence that the
circumstances attending such delay or refusal arc of such
n character as to warrant him in so doing, suspend or revoke
the license of such pilot or engineer until such line be
paid.
Sec. 23. Jlnd be it further cnactcd, That the reports
of local inspectors specified m the fourteenth clause of the
ninth section, and m the thirty-second section of the act to
which this is an amendment, shall hereafter be made to the
supervising inspector of the disti ict, instead of the chief offi-
cer of the customs ; and the reports required in the thiity-
second section aforesaid shall be made annually, at such
time as the board of supeivisiug inspectors may direct; and
that the reports to be made by the collectors or other chief
officers of customs to each other, provided for by the twenty-
third section of the said act to which this is an amendment,
shall hereafter be made without delay by each local board
of luspectors to the other local boards of inspectors in such
manner as may be prescribed by the supervising board.
Sec. 24. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the provisions of
the thuty-fifth section of the act to which this is an amend-
ment shall not apply to passenger steamers, the route of
which shall not exceed a distance of thirty miles ; but it
bhall be the duty of the masters of all passenger steamers to
keep a eoircct account of the number of passengeiscamed,
and to furnish a coireet copy of the same when so required
by the inspectors; and any master refusing to furnish such
copy shall forfeit and pay $100, which penalty shall be a hen
upon the vessel.
Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, That every captain,
engineer, pilot, or other person employed on board of any
steamboat or vessel propelled in whole or in part by steam,
by whose misconduct, negligence, or inattention to his or
their respective duties the life or lives of any pei&on or
persons may be destroyed, shall be deemed guilty of man-
slaughter, and upon conviction thereof, before any circuit
com t of the United States, shall be sentenced to confine-
ment at hard labor for a penod of not less than twelve
months and not more than ten yeais.
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted, That the board of su-
pervising inspectors shall keep a record of all then official
acts, oideis, and regulations, and s-hall transmit to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury a certified copy of all proceedings at
their annual and special meetings, and make to him their
annual report on or before the 20th day of October in each
year, and report to him all such other facts, information, or
opinions as may be deemed useful for the faithful adminis-
tration of the law.
Sec. 27. Jlnd be it further enacted^ That this act shall not
be construed to apply to any craft employed exclusively in
the internal commerce or trade of any single State except
when the same is employed upon waters which arc naviga-
ble from the ocean by vessels registered or enrolled and
liscemsed bv the United States, or upon a lake or river whose
wateis aie navigable by vessels registered or enrolled and
Itseenscd as atoiesaid, and form the boundary or wash the
shores of two or more States, or of one or more States and
a foreign country. , , ,
SecT28. Jlnd be it further enacted, That so much of the
act of July 7, 1838. as relates to the appointment of steam-
boat inspectors, their qualifications and duties, is hereby
repealed; and all laws or parts of laws heretofore made,
winch ai e su- pended by, oi are inconsistent with, the provis-
ions of this act, are heieby repealed. _
See. 29. Arid be it further cnucted, 'J hat tin* aet shall
tak'; ctfeet four months from the date of the parage thereof.
Pending the reading of the amendment,
Mr. LETCHER said: I would suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois, as well as to the gentle-
man from New York, thatan amendmentlike this,
covering probably some dozen pages, cannot be
very well understood here by its mere reading at
the desk; and that it would be more agreeable to
all the members of the House—as it is a matter
in which all are more or less interested—if the
amendment should be sent to the Globe, so that
we can have it in print to-morrow morning, and
that we can all have an opportunity of reading it
and comparing it with the provisions of the sub-
stitute of the Committee on Commerce and of the
original bill. I think it will be more satisfactory
to do that; and I suggest to thegentleman to allow
this matter to be postponed till Tuesday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I would be very glad
to accommodate the gentleman, but I am obliged
to leave the city to-day, and will be absent for
some time. I would therefore be very glad if the
House would consider it now. I would further
state to the gentleman, that the amendment of the
gentleman from New York does not propose to
change in any very substantial respect the bill
already printed. If the gentleman will take the
bill before him and the substitute reported by the
Committee on Commerce 
Mr. LETCHER, (interrupting.) I have had
the bills, and have been looking at them, and
making a comparison between the two bills—the
substitute and the original bill—but it is utterly
impossible that I or any other member can under-
stand, from the mere reading at the desk, the dif-
ference between that amendment and the substi-
tute or original bill—utterly impossible.
The SPEAKER. The reading of the amend-
ment can only be dispensed with by general con-
sent.
No objection was made.
Mr. LETCHER. I am very willing to have
the bill postponed to whatever time will suit the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WALKER. I think there is manifest
propriety in the proposition of the gentleman
from Virginia. In the first place, the substitute
offered by the Committee on Commerce—as will
be seen by a very slight examination of it—pro-
poses very radical changes in the original law.
Then comes in the proposition made by the gen-
tleman from New York, which again proposes to
effect certain changes in the substitute offered by
the committee. Now, this bill—as will strike
the mind of every man on this floor—is one on
which action should not be had hastily or unad-
visedly. It seems to me that it calls for the
closest examination on the part of the House,
and it can only have that examination by further
delay. If the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce is compelled to be temporarily absent,
I am quite content that he designate his own day
for taking up the consideration of this bill, the
original, the substitute, the amendment of the gen-
tleman from New York, and such other amend-
ments as may be proposed by other members.
Another reason why action should not be com-
menced now on this bill is this: There is every
reason to believe that the bill will give rise to a
protracted debate—a debate, perhaps, extending
through the session of to-day. To-morrow, as
we all know, comes up the Private Calendar.
There must be then a lapse in the further consid-
eration of this bill. It must pass over till' next
week. Now, if the gentleman from Illinois is
compelled to leave this afternoon, and cannot
remain here to witness the ultimate result of
this bill, I suggest to him whether it would not
be better to postpone any further action on this
bill, so as to allow the amendment of the gentle-
man from New York to bs printed and submitted
to the examination of us all.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I am inclined to accede
to this suggestion; and I therefore move to post-
pone the further consideration of this bill to the
second Tuesday of June, when I hope that, by
common consent, the bill will be taken up and
disposed of.
Mr. LETCHER. That will be entirely agree-
able to me. I will be then perfectly ready to act
upon it; but here is a proposition as long as the
entire original bill. The motion to posrpone is
reasonable, and I think it should be agreed to.
Mr. JONES. And let the amendment be
printed.
The bill was accordingly postponed, and the
amendment ordered to be printed-. , ,
PERSONAL EXPLANATION. :
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous/consent of
the House to make a personal explanatiob^for
the purpose of correcting a statement merdfe
gentleman on this floor during my abserice.- • [
will not occupy more than two minutes, ; - "
Unanimous consent was given.
Mr. GROW. During my absence from the
city some weeks since, the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Smith] made a speech, in which he
classified politically the members of the House.
As the gentleman from Tennessee has been absent
since my return from home, I have waited his
return in order to correct his statement, as he de-
sired at the time he made the speech that he might
be corrected if in error in any particular. Having
declared in my district, in public and private, that
I was not a Know Nothing, and did not belong
to the order, I desire to repeat it now, so as to
prevent any misapprehension that might arise
from my silence at the time the gentleman made
his speech. The gentleman says:
" In the House of Representatives there are two hundred
and thirty-four members; of these, one hundred and twenty,
as before stated, were elccted as Know Nothings, or what
are now called Americans. The following are the names of
those elected as Know Nothings or Americans."
In the list appended to that paragraph I find
my name. All I desire to say is that I am not,
and never have been, connected in any way what-
ever with any secret political association of any
name, kind, or description.
Mr: SMITH. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question before he takes his seat ?
Mr. GROW. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH. The point I made in my speech,
as will be remembered, was that there were one
hundred and twenty members of this House
elected as Know Nothings or by the Know
Nothings. I wanted to show what party had
sent that number of Representatives into this
House. I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
this question, whether he was not elected by
Know Nothing votes ?
Mr. GROW. I will answerthe gentleman. I
received a unanimous nomination by the Demo-
cratic convention of each of the three counties
composing my district. I was putin unanimous
nomination by the conference; and the return
judges of the election m my district certified that
every vote polled there for a member of Congress
was given to me. If there were any Know Noth-
ings that voted in my district for member of Con-
gress, they must, therefore, have voted for me.
Mr. SMITH. Then I understand the gentle-
man to say that.he didreceive the Know Nothing
vote in his district?
Mr. GROW. I say that the return judges of
the election in my district certified every vote
polled for member of Congress was polled for
me. Everyman, then, whether Whig, Demo-
crat, Abolitionist, or Know Nothing, who voted
for a member of Congress, must have voted for
me.
Mr. SMITH. Then you had no competition ?
Mr. GROW. Certainly not, or I could not
have got all the votes.
"WITHDRAWAL OF A PAPER.
On motion of Mr. GREENWOOD, by unan-
imous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal of the petition and papers in the ease of
E. Butler, from the files ot the House, for the
purpose of reference in the Senate.
IOWA RAILROAD BILL.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the bill making a grant of lands to the State of
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads in said State; the pending ques-
tion being on the motion to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PULLER, of Pennsylvania. As personal
explanations seem to be the order of the day,
and as I have quite a number of them to make,if
the House will indulge me I will embrace this
opportunity of making them now.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I object.
Mr. PULLER. I hope the gentleman .-will
withdraw his objection. I have not thus.far
troubled the House.
Several members appealed to Mr. B. to with-
di aw his objection.
