1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
116a
to allowing the contestant or the sitting Delegate,
when his right to a seat is before the House, to
appear by counsel to argue his case ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. For a reason which I re-
gard of great consequence—that it may be urged
that he should have some person to present his
views in our language, pending a proposition
which inteiests the people whom he represents;
and because, if you give way now, and establish
this precedent, it will be used in future for the
purpose of claiming the right to have somebody
here to speak for him, upon any bill which may
be introduced for the benefit of New Mexico.
Mr. STEPHENS. By no means. Whenever
such a proposition as that is made, you come to
the privilege of the floor. No person lias the
right to speak except a member of the House or
a Delegate. That is controlled by the rules.
Whether a Delegate or a member of Congress is
capable of discharging his duties without an in-
terpreter to read and explain a bill for him, is a
matter for his constituents. Certainly, if he
should come here and ask for an interpreter, my
reply would be that it would lead to such conse-
quences as the gentleman speaks of. But the
question which I presented to the House is,
wherein can there be any objection ? What evil
can result from it ? Are we afraid that the House
will be improperly influenced by the arguments
of counsel ? The House should inquire and in-
vestigate the question with all the light it can get
from any source whatever. I cannot see any ob-
jection to the resolution. T was notpresent when
it was passed by the Committee of Elections, but
I entirely approve of it; I see no objection to it;
and as the sitting Delegate who comes here under
a commission of the Territory of New Mexico
asks the privilege, I think the House ought to
grant his request, particularly as he cannot speak
our language.
Mr. CARLILE. I trust, sir, that before this
House will concur in the resolution, as reported
by the Committee of Elections, they will require
that some imperative necessity shall be shown to
exist for so unprecedented an act. As has been
remarked by the gentleman from Georgia, who
has just taken his seat, the adoption of this reso-
lution will be setting a precedent. Sir, it is a
precedent that may hereafter be followed to the
detriment of the best interests of the people of this
country. What is the proposition.' To admit
to the privileges of this floor, and to grant the
right to discuss questions connected with the or-
ganization of this body—not to a member of this
House, whose busiijgss it is to discuss such mat-
ters, and who have been delegated here by the
people to do so; but to an attorney, hired and
paid as counsel to defend the interest of his client,
because of the inability, as it is alleged, of the
sitting member to speak fluently and elegantly
our language. Any other inability, Mr. Speaker,
would justify the same proceeding. If a gentle-
man were unable to make a speech, from diffi-
dence, or excessive modesty, or from any other
cause, he would have just as strong a claim upon
the House of Representatives to be heard by
counsel as has the member from the Territory of
New Mexico. And, sir, it might be, if certain
doctrines which are now favored by certain por-
tions of the country, and certain parties in this
country, should prevail—that foreigners are to be
preferred to Americans for office in the land—it
might be that each member of the House of
Representatives would have in his seat a hired
attorney to inteipret for him.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will the gentleman from
Virginia allow me a moment ?
Mr. CARLILE. Yes.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia, from the Norfolk district, asked me a few
moments ago if there was ever a precedent of
this sort. At that time I could not refer him to
any. Since then a friend has pointed out to me
one of the earliest cases before Congress—the
case of the contested seat on this floor between
General Wayne and General Jackson from the
State of Georgia. General Jackson presented his
own case. General Wayne was represented by
Mr. Lewis, as the gentleman can see by turning
to the volume of Contested Elections, page 50.
Mr. MILLSON. Which was the sitting mem-
ber ?
Mr. STEPHENS. General Wayne was tae
sitting member.
It is a perfectly analogous case. Jackson cop-
tested Wayne's seat. Wayne, who was the sit-
ting member, employed a lawyer who was not
a member of the House.
Mr. CARLILE. The Constitution,Mr. Speak-
er, requires that the House shall be the judge of the
qualifications, elections, and returns of its mem-
bers; and, in order to carry out that provision of
the Constitution, this House has a standing com-
mittee whose duty it is to examine into these sub-
jects, and to report to it. The House then acts
upon the facts as submitted to them in such re-
port. Before that committee these gentlemen
have the right to be heard personally or by coun-
sel. In this case the committee has made its re-
port, and has submitted the facts. These facts
are before the House for its examination. The
evidence connected with the contest is printed,
and is accessible to every member of the House.
It is the duty of the Committee of Elections which
has examined this subject, to give to this House
all the information whieh itpossesses. And I hold
it to be the duty of each and every member of
this body to devote himself to the investigation
of this subject, and to impart, if necessary, any
information required by either of these parties,
to the House.
Further than that, if no member of the House
be willing to discharge that duty, and no member
of the committee be willing, the gentleman con-
testing, as well as the sitting member, has it in
his power to write his arguments, and have them
printed, and laid on the desks of each and every
member of this body. I put it to every gentle-
man here, if he does not suppose that an argu-
ment prepared by the member or his counsel, and
placed upon his desk, would receive more attention
at the hands of this House, and would be inves-
tigated more by every member of the body, than
would the speech of any gentleman who might be
employed as counsel for either of these parties,
and might appear before the House? How many
members would be disposed to listen to the speech
of a lawyer here? Why the necessity of a law-
yer? Is the House incapable of examining the
legal question for itself? Have the members not
the same access to the same legal precedents and
legal rules as are accessible to the lawyer ? And
is it to be supposed that an argument of counsel
would make the members more industrious in
discharging their duty than they would be with-
out it? Sir, it does seem to me that the priv-
ilege of discussion on this floor was confined to
the members elected by the people in pursuance of'
the Constitution; and it was not in the contem-
plation of the framers of the Government, that
lawyers, or any other persons not members of
this body, and not representing the people, were
to be entitled to the privileges of the floor in this
way. I move to amend the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee by striking out the
words," or by his counsel," and so leave to those
gentlemen the right, which they have, of being
heard hero by themselves.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I confess, Mr.
Speaker, that I feel a considerable degree of sur-
prise that any opposition should come from any
portion of the House to this resolution. The
Committee of Elections, havingdecided adversely
to the claim of the sitting Delegate, felt it their
duty—in that spirit of liberality which ought to
characterize a tribunal, and which I hope will
characterize this tribunal—at the special request
of the sitting delegate to allow him to have coun-
sel before this House. The honorable gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Carlile] asks what is the
use of counsel, and whether it is not the duty of
every member here to investigate for himself? I
tell you, sir, that there is great difference between
ability to investigate and the willingness to do it.
The members of the House may be very able to
do it, but they are not willing; and I do not be-
lieve thatone tenth of them will read the evidence
which occupies about three hundred pages in
print. What is the use of a lawyer, sir ? Why,
the use of a lawyer is, that he condenses the facts,
and lays the case before the House in the best
possible shape for the party who claims to be
heard through him.
Mr. CARlLILE. Cannot the lawyer print his
argument, and lay it before membeis ?
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir; he may have it printed,
and it will go the way of the rest of the pamph-
lets—under the table. Will the gentleman say ha
reads all the pamphlets that are placed on his
table ? I do not read one twentieth of them, because
I do not believe they are worth reading. As Was
said by the honorable gentleman from Georgia, I
do not think it necessary for this House to,-be
always looking back for precedents. We are
certainly able to govern ourselves. And without
a precedent we have a right to allow counsel to a
man who has a seat on this floor, and to hear
what he says, and particularly when the gentle-
man cannot speak English plainly. I am per-
fectly willing, and I have no doubt the Commit-
tee of Elections is perfectly willing, that this argu-
ment should be limited to one hour. I have no
idea that the counsel would want more than one
hour. It is true, as stated by the gentleman from
Virginia, that before the committee these parties
had counsel. The committee, like the House, had
the power to reject counsel if they saw proper.
They admitted counsel, and did not hunt for pre-
cedents. They did not look back to see whether
that had ever been done before. They exercised
their own discretion. I do not think the House
of Representatives ought to be able to exercise its
own discretion. I do not think that there is any
lawyer in Washington city, or in Philadelphia
cither, sir, who can turn this House upside down
by an argument of an hour. Then I can see no
great detriment—such as the gentleman from
Virginia sees—in setting this precedent, even ad-
mitting that the thing never occurred before. I
trust the resolution will be adopted; and I trust
that, at an early day, the gentleman will be heard
through his counsel—botn of them if they" desire
| it, in order that this thing may be fully and fairly
investigated to their satisfaction and the satisfac-
tion of the House of Representatives.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to
\ know if the resolution reported by the Committee
il of Elections confines the counsel in his remarks
; | to the hour rule ? It was my impression that the
i; committee agreed to report the resolution in that
il form.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It did not; but I
have offered an amendment allowing his interpret-
er, instead of counsel, to appeal-before the House,
and confining him to the rules of the House.
Mr. WASHBURN. I shall be compelled very
reluctantly to vote against this resolution. I, un-
derstand very well the seeming propriety of allow-
ing the sitting Delegate in this case to appear be-
fore the House by counsel, inasmuch as he cannot
speak our language; but I do not conceive that
any very great mischief or inconvenience will re-
sult to him if his counsel is not allowed to appear
before the House. All the testimony will be
printed, and he can be heard by written argument
of counsel, laid on the desks of members. I think
that we ought not to establish a precedent of this
kind, for it is establishing a precedent-after all.
I believe there is but one analogous case on record,
and that was sixty yeai-s ago. At that time the
House of Representatives was comparatively a
small body. There was but little business before
it, and members may have had time to allow the
arguments of counsel to be heard. But now the
case is very different. This is a very large body.
It has always a very large amount of business
before it; and if wo establish the precedent, that
counsel may be heard in one case, I fear that we
shall not hereafter be able to resist the applications
we shall have for counsel to be heard in other
cases. If we allow counsel to be heard in this
case, we shall have hundreds of applications for
counsel to be heard upon private claims. Mr.
Colt may wish to be heard by counsel in reference
to the extension of bis pistol patent. Mr. Wood-
worth may want to have counsel heard in respect
to his application for an extended patent, and so
with hundreds of others. The argument of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Smith,] that the
counsel understand the case better, and will be
able to present the case better than a member of
the House would be able to do, will apply with
equal force to any of these private claims. These
counsel may, and probably do, understand these
cases better than the members of the House; but,
as I have said, if we establish this precedent in
this case, we shall be called on to follow it with
hundreds of others in respect to private, claims;
and I shall therefore be compelled reluctantly to
vote against the resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will state to the
House another and more recent instance, in
