1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2037
and valuable as I know it to be; and I yield the
floor, expressing my gratitude and thanks to the
House for the indulgence they have extended to
me.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I do it with a view to take up
the Post Office appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly resolved itself into the Committee-of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Gid-
niNTGS in the chair,) and took up for consideration
a bill (H. R. No. 315) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1857.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to dispense with
the first reading of the bill.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
The bill was read in extenso; and was then
read by paragraphs for amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. X move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill to the House, with a
recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Giddings reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the state
of the Union generally, and particularly a bill
(H. R. 315) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office' Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th June, 1857, and had
directed him to report the same back to thp
House, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment.
Mr. INORTOiN. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to offer an amendment.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I ask the gentle-
man to allow me to offer an amendment, simply
a provision authorizing the Postmaster General
to settle with certain contractors.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The bill has just passed
Out of committee, which was the proper place
for submitting amendments; and if gentlemen did
not offer them there, I, as chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, certainly must de-
cline to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FULLER. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a motion to go back into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. CAMPBELL declined.
Mr. PHELPS called for tellers on seconding
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Phelps and
Chaffee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety-eight, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was then ordered; and un-
der its operation the bill was engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. COMINS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, that the light-house bill may be taken up
and considered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion, and let me move to take
from the Speaker's table the bill making appro-
priations for the Army, with an amendment of
the Senate, so that this amendment may be acted
on, and the bill disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I hope the
gentleman from Massachusetts will insist on his
motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I only ask to have taken
from the Speaker's table the Army appropriation
bill, with a single amendment from the Senate,
so as to have a vote taken upon that amendment.
It will only take some thirty minutes.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Let this light-house bill
be disposed of first.
Mr. COMINS. It will not take more than
thirty minutes.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce that,
before that bill gets into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, he had probably
better have debate terminated.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I make that motion to
close debate in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the gentleman
from Massachusetts will now withdraw his mo-
tion to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, I would like, as the House is
full, to have a vote taken on the Senate amend-
ment to the Army bill.
Mr. COMLNS. Very well. I yield the floor.
There being no objection, the bill (H. It. No.
153) making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending 30th June, 1857,
was taken from the Speaker's table, and the
Senate's amendment was reported, which was to
strike out the following words:
Provided* nevertheless* That no puit of the military force
of the United States heiem piovidud tor shall be employed
in aid ot the enforcement ol the enactments of the alleged
Legislative Assembly of the Temtojy of Kansas, leeenlly
assembled at Shawnee Mission, until Congress shall have
enacted either that it was or was not a ahd Legislative
Assembly, chosen, m eonfomntv with the organic Jaw, by
the people ot the said Tointoiy: And -provided. That, until
Congress shall have passed upon the validity of the *.aid
Legislative Assembly of Kansas, it shall be the duly of the
President to use the military foree in ^aul Territoiy to pie-
seive the peace, siippie«s insurrection, repel invasion, and
protect persons and property therein, and upon the national
highways, in the State of Missouri or elsewliei«, from un-
lawful seizures and searches
And be it Jurlher provided,That the President is required
to disarm the present organised juilitni of (he 'JYri itoi) of
Kansas, to recall all the United ^tan-s aims theiein dis-
til buted. and to prevent armed men from going into tin* said
Terntory to distuib the public peace oi to aid in the entorce-
ment or ic-a&tance ol real oi pietended law .
Mr. CAMPBELL. Before demanding the pre-
vious question, upon concurring in the Senate's
amendment, I simply ask the Clerk to read the
second article of the amendments to the Consti-
tution of the United States. Then, without con-
suming the time of the House with an argument,
I will call the previous question.
Mr. CrlDDlNUS. I object to the reading if
the gentleman calls the previous question.
All*. PHELPS. 1 suppose it must be out of
order to have any clause of the Constitution of
the United States read in this House. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well, then, I have
the floor, and will have it read as my speech.
The article was read, as follows:
" A well-iegulated militia being necessary to the security
of a liee State, the right of the people to keep and bear
ann.s shall not be mfiinged."
Mr. CAMPBELL. Having sworn to support
the Constitution of the. United States, including
the article which has just been read, 1 voted against
this proviso, and shall now vote to strike it out.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question, until i can offer an amendment,
which will obviate all scruple as to the constitu-
tionality of the ptovision.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will hear it read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, nevertheless, and tt is hereby declared* That no
part of the military force of the United States, loi the sup-
port of winch appropriations are made by this act, shah be
employed m aid of the cnfoicement of any enactment of
the body claiming to be the Teiruorial Legislative of Kan-
sas, until such enactment hha.ll have been atfnmed and
approved by Congress ; but this proviso shall not be su con-
strued ac to prevent the President from emploung an ade-
quate military foice, hut it shall be his duty to employ such
force to prevent the invasion of said Territory by armed
bands of non-residcnt«, or any other body of non-residents
acting, or claiming to act, as ajrasie eomitatus of any olficer
in said Temtory/in the enforcement of any such enact-
ments, and to piotect the persons and properly therein, and
upon the national highways leading to said Territoiy, from
all unlawful searches and seizures; and it shall be his fur-
ther dutv to take efficient measures to compel the return
of, and'to withhold all arm? of. the United States, distrib-
uted in, or to. said Territoiy, in pursuance of any law of
the United States authorizing the distribution of aims to the
States and Territones.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I rise to a question
of order. I submit that no amendment can now
be offered. No amendment is in order except to
the Senate's amendment; and the amendment of
the Senate being simply to strike out, there can-
not possibly be any amendment in order. We
must either recede from our amendment or insist
upon it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The amendment just read,
which the gentleman from New Jersey proposes
to offer, does not violate either the letter or spirit
of the Constitution; and, sir, taking into consid-
eration the surrounding circumstances, I think it
my duty to allow the gentleman from New Jer-
sey to offer his amendment, upon the condition
thai he will then renew the demand for the pre-
vious .question. I regard this to be my duty us
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Mean&v The gentleman can then raise his ques-
tion of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Ohio states that he yields the floor to the
gentleman from New Jersey, upon the condition
that he renews the demand for the previous ques-
tion. Now, I want to know whether the gentle-
man has the right to withdraw th.e demand for
the previous question with any such condition ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already stated,
that if a gentleman withdraws the demand for the
previous question, he must withdraw it abso-
lutely. The Chair can recognize no condition.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The amendment of the
gentleman from New Jersey having been read, I
regard it as due to gentlemen on this side of the
House that they should have an opportunity of
placing themselves right on the record. I took
occasion the other day to show how far wrong
gentlemen had gone, in the haste with which
they passed the amendment of my colleague,
[Mr. Sherman.] But, sir, to avoid all difficulty,
I move the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from New Jersey. Hie gentleman from
Georgia will then have an opportunity to present
demand the previous
his question of order.
question.
Mr. COBB. I now submit my question of
order. If understood by the Cluur when I be-
fore presented it, there is no necessity for repeat-
ing it. I submit that, the only motion that is
pending before the House is either to agree or
disagree with the amendment of the-Senate, which
is to strike out. Now, sir, how can. you agree
to strike out with an amendment, or refuse to
strike out with an amendment? You musteithcr
agree or disagree with the amendment of the Sen-
ate, and you cannot do either with an amendment.
Mr. STANTON. I ask that the Clerk will
read the clauses which I send up, from the
Manual.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Either House may recede from its amendment, and
agree to the bill; or recede trom their disagreement, and
agree to the same absolutely, or with an amendment, for
here the disagreements destroy one another, and the subject
stands as belore disagreement; butthe House cannot recede
from, or insist on, its own amendment with an amendment,
fo  the same reason that it cannot send to the other Ilousu
an amendment to its own act alter it has passed the act.
They may modily an amendment tiom the other llousc by
ingrafting an amendment on it, because they have never
assented"to it; but thev cannot amend their own amend-
ment, because they have, on the question, passed it in that
form; nor wtiere one House has adhered to their amend-
ment. and the other agrees with an amendment, can the
first Hou<e depart from the form which they have affixed by
adheienee."
[Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill granting a
pension to Ansel Wilkinson; when the Speaker
signed the same.]
The SPEAKER. It is perfectly clear that t he
House cannot amend its own amendment; but
the question is, can the House amend the Senate's
amendment ?
Mr. GOBB. The amendment is to strike out.
Can you agree to strike out with an amendment,
or can^ou disagree to strike out with an amend-
ment? This proposition of the House stands
precisely where arv amendment would stand.
The SPEAKER.. The gentleman from Georgia
will see that the question propounded to the
House by the Chair is: " Will the House coneur
in the amendment of theScnate.'" The gentleman
from Ohio proposes to concur with an amend-
ment; and that is certainly in order.
Mr. COBB. Let us see what will be the de-
cision of the House. The House .will send back
this message. The House concuiss 'i«t the amend-
