1164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
•which parties have been heard before the House
by counsel. Some time between 1836 and 1840
—I cannot designate the exact date—one of the
reporters or letter-writers who occupied a scat in
this Hall fell under the displeasure of the House,
and in that cavse General Walter Jones stood in
that aisle, under the privilege accorded to him by
the House, and defended the party. That was
a comparatively recent case.
But, sir, the cases spoken of by the gentleman
from Maine certainly can never arise under this
precedent, for there is nothing analogous in the
cases. This is a matter concerning the priyilges
of this floor—concerning the rights of the citizens
of one of our Territories. It does not matter
whether they are Americans or not; they arc citi-
zens of the country. They have sent her« a
man who does not understand our language. He
comes here and asks that, in this question con-
cerning his right to a seat here, he may be al-
lowed, m this open discussion, the privilege of
being heard by one who is familiar with our
language.
Now, sir, I am a little astonished that this
simple proposition, recommended by the com-
mittee properly having charge of the subject,
should be resisted by any gentleman upon this
floor. I cannot see why, nor can 1 see how, any
danger can arise from the precedent. On the con-
trary,it is a matter connected with the privileges
of the House, and cannot be brought forward as
authority for allowing counsel to be heard before
the House in other matters. It seems to me that
the sitting Delegate having requested, 111 this case,
that an interpreter should be allowed to him, pure
justice to ourselves and to hnn demands that
this privilege should be accorded to him. Without
protracting the debate further, I hope that the
resolution will be adopted.
Mr. McMULLIN. I am very well aware that
this subject has already been exhausted, and 1
■would not have troubled the House with a single
remark at this time, but for the remarks made by
my colleague, [Mr. Carlile.] I do not regard
this, sir, as a courtesy to be extended to the sit-
ting Delegate, but rather as a courtesy to be ex-
tended to his constituents—to the people of the
Territory of JYew Mexico. They have sent him
here to represent them in this Congress, and ltis
important that he should have some one to repre-
sent him upon this floor who can speak the Eng-
lish language in an intelligible manner. The
Committee of Elections, who have had charge of
this subject, have come to the conclusion that
the sitting Delegate ought to be heaid by counsel,
in order to a proper understanding of the subject
by the House.
Cut, sir, I am surprised to hear my worthy
colleague, [Mr. Carlile,] who has such a holy
horror of foreigners, carry his opposition to such
an extent as not to allow a poor, unfortunate
Delegate the privilege of being heard in respect
to his right to a scat upon this floor through an
interpreter. 1 know, sir, what are his opinions
of these poor, despicable foreigners—perhaps he
fears that the Pope of Rome will come here, too,
and demand to be heard upon this floor. [A laugh.]
Why, sir, I was a little amused at the remarks of
my colleague. What matters it to the House if
this Delegate does appear by his counsel or inter-
preter? My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
objects to the employment of a man to represent
this Delegate as counsel. That is his objection;
but he is willing to allow the sitting Delegate to
have an interpreter. Let us compromise the mat-
ter by allowing his counsel to represent him here
as interpreter.
But, Mr. Speaker, the object of the House is
to arrive at the facts and do justice in this case.
And X tell my colleague, that there is not a mem-
ber here, not especially charged with the subject,
who will in advance investigate all the facts.
Mr. CARLILE. Does my colleague believe
that the members of tkeHouse will not discharge
their duty?
Mr. McMULLIN. I do not believe that either
my colleague or I should ever investigate this
subject. For myself, 1 am free to admit that I
am too indolent, or that I have too little time, to
investigate many subjects upon which I am called
to act. I admit the fact; and I do not believe that
my colleague is much more industrious than I
am.
1 ask the House again, "will they do injustice
I to any man ? A precedent for the step proposed
i by the committee has been cited by the distin-
Iguished gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Ste-
Iphens,] and I understand that there are other
i precedents which can be produced. But I have
1 never known a case exactly like this, in which
a Delegate comes and asks this privilege, on the
ground that he cannot speak to the House.
Will the House refuse what he asks, and that,
too, when the proposition is recommended by
the Committee of Elections ? We are eternally
haunted with this Know Nothingism, or Ameri-
canism. Scarcely a speech can be made that it
is not rung in. Now, I will say to my friend
! and colleague, that whenever our country is
threatened to be overrun by foreigners, and our
Government to be overturned by them, 1 will go
heart and hand with him to resist them.
Mr. WHITNEY. Mr. Speaker, I have no
disposition to do injustice to any gentleman claim-
ing a seat on this floor, either as a Delegate or a
member; but this question presents an anomaly
of legislation, at least in the history of this coun-
try. I am opposed to allowing the sitting mem-
ber to be heard by counsel. The necessity of
an interpreter to defend the claim of a person
returned as a delegate to this House is one of the
I results of that system by which men who have
i never stood on the soil of the United States are
! manufactured into sovereign citizens, with the
jmere dash of a pen—in a moment! It is a con-
I tingent of that species of annexation policy which
! converts aliens into American citizens by act of
! Congress—a policy which I have ever regarded
'with apprehension and distrust. My objection,
therefore, lies deeper and far beyond the mere
question of justice or injustice to the claimant in
tins case. I am opposed to that practice, of which
this case is one of the fruits, of admitting into
fellowship—political fellowship, I mean—hun-
dreds, thousands,-perhaps it is not too much to
say millions, of aliens, who are ignorant of the
language of the country, at a moment. This gen-
| tleman is not only unable to speak our language,
but he is unable to understand it when it is spoken.
Yet he is no novice in this Hall. He has occu-
pied a seat in this House as a Delegate for two
years prior to the present session. Still he can-
j not speak the language of the country. I come
down, therefore, sir, to tiie plain and simple ques-
i tion of qualification; and J assume, among the
prime requisites of qualification to occupy a seat
on this floor, are the sense of hearing, the capacity
to understand, and the ability to speak, the lan-
guage of the country.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. He speaks our
language in common conversation.
Ivlr. WHITNEY. I am not aware that he is
able to converse in our language.
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, he is.
Mr. WHITNEY. Well, that is a saving
clause inliis case; and if he speaks our language
in common conversation, it would certainly re-
quire no extraordinary effort on his part to make
the necessary remarks on this floor in defense of
Ins right to sit as a Delegate.
The precedent cited by my friend from Georgia
[Mr. Stephens,] is not analogous to this case.
In that case both parties were not only citizens,
but Americans. My honorable friend from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Smith] lias just told us that men may
be citizens, and yet not be Americans. This case
looks like an illustration of the fact; and, as I
imagine this to be an American Congicss, it
would seem reasonable that those who occupy
seats here should be Americans as well as citi-
zens. I imagine none are here but Americans;
and if this gentleman is not an American citizen,
this is not the place for him.
Mr. SANDlbOE. I would be glad if the gen-
! tleman would tell me whether it is, or is not, one
i of the principles of the Know Nothing orAmeri-
i can party, of which he is a member, tp exclude
J from this body or from other legislative asscra-
; blies. persons who do not speak our language ?
ii Mr. WHITNEY. That is no part of the prm-
i' ciples of the American party, so far as my knowl-
!| edge of those principles extends; but it is a part
j! of my principle. I speuk as an individual. I do
K not hesitate to declare to the House and the
i country that my vote shall never be given to
1 admit to a seat in this House one who does not
| speak nor understand the language of the country.
' That is my principle.
Mr. BOCOCK. I understand the gentleman to
say that he will never vote to admit a man on
this floor who does not speak our language. I
wish to understand him clearly. If the gentleman
from New Mexico, who does not speak the Eng-
lish language, can be shown to have received a
decided majority of the legal votes cast at the elec-
tion for Delegate, will the gentleman from New
York vote that he is not entitled to his seat here?
Mr. WHITNEY. I have already stated my
views on the subject of converting aliens into
citizens, and giving to them full political fran-
chises through the process of annexation; and as
I question the legitimacy of such an act under the
Constitution, so I question the political qualifi-
cations of that class of citizens. I cannot regard
them as citizens in the true sense of the word.
They do not possess the attributes nor the func-
tions of citizens, and especially they do not pos-
sess the attributes of legislators. If, therefore, a
person demands a seat on this floor, who does
not understand the language of our debates—
who does not understand nor speak the language
of the country—he must obtain his seat, if the
facts be known to me, by other votes than mine.
Mr. SEWARD addressed the Chair, and was
recognized by the Speaker.
Mi-. DAVIS, of Maryland. If the gentleman
from New York will yield to mc, I will move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WHITNEY. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HAVEN. Has the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. SEWARD. I propose to occupy a part
of the morning hour myself, by the permission of
the gentleman over the way.
Mr. WHITNEY. I have not yielded the floor
finally. I was appealed to by the gentleman flora
Maryland to yield for a motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
1 did so.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to losing my position
upon the floor, because the gentleman from New
York had no right to decline the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York did not yield the floor. The Chair recog-
nized the gentleman from Georgia, simply be-
cause the gentleman from Georgia addressed the
Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The consideration of the question
pending at the time my colleague was indisposed,
was postponed until two o'clock. That hour is
already passed. I desire to proceed now with its
consideration, and I hope the question will be
taken up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is first desirous
that the question of order raised by the gentleman
from Georgia shall be settled.
Mr. SEWARD. I will not press my point of
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair accorded the floor
to the gentleman from Georgia, supposing that
the gentleman from New York had yielded it.
The gentleman from New York says he did not
yield, and therefore the gentleman was out of
order.
The gentleman from Ohio requests that the
House resume the consideration of the question,
which was postponed until two o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I moved a sus-
pension of the rules, to go into committee.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, as the
gentleman from Ohio insists upon the regular or-
der of business.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. Do I understand
that it requires unanimous consent to allow the
gentleman from Ohio to proceed?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The business
was postponed until this hour, and it was a priv-
ileged matter.
DEFICIENCY BILL—AGAIN.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the amendments of the Senate to the deficiency
bill, the pending question being oil Mr. Pringle's
motion, that the House insist on its disagreement,
and agree to a further conference.
Mr. GIDDINGS resumed and concluded las
remarks in opposition to the amendments of the
Senate. His speech is, at his request, withheld
for revision, and will be published in the Ap-
pendix.
