428
appendix to the congressional globe.
f April 24,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Powers of Congress over the Territories—Mr. Ritchie.
Ho. of Reps.
'without being tied down by former biases or
committal, determine whether or not injustice
has been done by this board.
I have not said that the officers of the Navy
•were rascals; I have not impugned their honor; I
have not doubted their chivalry and gallantry;
but I admit that I have not entertained a favorable
opinion towards the board and their action. For
that I am responsible to my own judgment. I
have a right to express my opinion on their con-
duct so long as I keep within the pale of the public
records of the country. If I have transcended the
privilege accorded to me—if I have violated the
franchises of the Constitution,! am free to attack
and arraignment. If I travel out of the record—
if I slander or traduce private individuals, let it
be shown, and I shall always be ready to defend
myself, on notice being given of the attack against
me. My person is free to arraignment. I am
responsible for my course. The views which I
have taken on this subject have been fully sus-
tained by the documents; and I could, from
them, deduce facts going much beyond what I
have presented. What would honorable gen-
tlemen think of me if I were to make a statement
like this ? A certain member of the board, while
the bill of the last session was pending, used his
efforts to procure ita passage. A certain gentle-
man was opposing it. The officer came to liim
and said, "What are you doing here opposing
this bill?" "Why," said he, "I do not wish it to
pass the Senate." The officer said to him, " I
Know very well why you are opposing it; you
are afraid that such a man, your friend, Captain
so-and-so, will be prejudiced by the bill, and
that is the reason why you oppose it. Now,"
said he—this was before the law was passed—
" never mind; I will be a member of the board,
and not one hair of Captain H.'s head shall be
hurt." If any Senator asks me whether I can
prove this statement, or desires to know the au-
thor, I tell him, grant a special committee that
will go heartily into the investigation, and I will
bring the witnesses who will substantiate the
statement.
I think this circumstance shows that all the talk
that we have heard of the disinterestedness of the
board amounts to nothing. These men were in-
terested in the result of their own action. The
whole thing had been concocting for years under
successive. Secr%aries of the Navy, until its con-
summation took place in the year 1855, with all
the management and contrivances possible. This
I' packed conspiracy," as Commodore Perry des-
ignated it, was concocted for years. You may
trace back four of its members, who cooperated
consistently since 1838, 1839, and 1840, when a
conspiracy was formed against Commodore Hull
while he was in command of the Mediterranean
squadron. I desire my fellow-citizens, the officers
of the Government, to be rescued from such per-
secution. I shall not arraign the board. I do not
say they are not honest—I shall cast no reflection
on the chivalry of the Navy. My feelings in
regard to the board perhaps may be illustrated
by a transaction which occurred in Augusta
county, Virginia, before Judge Coulter, a gentle-
man of distinction, and a remarkable Democrat.
A Dutchman was sued before the judge. The
Dutchman was very much opposed to the De-
mocracy, and had used harsh and derogatory epi-
thets concerning them. He did not know how
far the denunciations which he had used against
the Democrats might influence the judge in his
particular case; he therefore called upon Judge
Colter, and said to him: " Judge, I want to talk
to you; you know I have always been a strong
Federalist, and you have been a strong Democrat,
and we have always voted against one another."
" Yes," said the judge; " we have—what of it?"
"Oh," replied the Dutchman, "they tell'bad
tales on me, and it is reported that 1 said that all
the Democrats were grand rascals; now, judge,
I never said that." " Well," replied the judge,
" I am glad that you did not say it." " No, I
never said it, but I will tell you what I did say,
and I will stand to it as long as I live—I did say
thatall the rascals were Democrats." [Laughter.]
Mr. President, I certainly say that, according
to my apprehension, there has been a great deal
of bad conduct in this matter; and it has been
prompted, perhaps, by a want of knowledge as
to the merits of various officers. I must confess
that I have never been so much excited in my life,
in relation to the condition of my country, as at
the present time. I have never before felt that a
blow so fearful, so fatal, so terrific, has been
aimed at its security and efficiency as this reduc-
tion, or rather annihilation, of the Navy. Sir, it
has been the right arm of our strength, of which
every American has been proud. It was approved
by Jackson, a man of noble and chivalrous
bearing. He suggested no amendment to it,
except such as necessity required. Successive
Presidents found no fault with it, until bureaus
began to multiply and accumulate about the cap-
ital. Then the suggestion was made that tne
Navy was inefficient, and should be reformed.
This cry has been altogether since 1840—since the
Mediterranean cruise under Commodore Hull—
since bureaus were located in this city.
It is important that we should inquire into this
matter now. It is important that we should sus-
tain this right arm of the nation. You may com-
pare the militia and volifhteers of the country to
the body, the defensible part of the nation; the
Army to its left arm, ana the Navy to its right
arm. The Navy is not confined in its action to
our own shores, but it goes abroad sustaining the
honor of our flag upon every sea. That right
arm has been crushed, and lies palsied at the side
of the body-politic. It must be renovated by the
repeal of this odious action. The law under
which it has been disgraced is, in my opinion,
unconstitutional, and even its provisions have not
been executed according to their spirit.
I ask for a thorough investigation of the sub-
ject, and I desire to nave a special committee ap-
pointed for that purpose, so that we may arrest
this evil, and if possible arrest the downward
course of the country. Sir, I feel that our situa-
tion is an important one. The nation's heart has
been wounded by this action; and the life-blood
of the country will ooze out from the arteries if
they are not now bound up by the strength and
energy of Congress, and our system renovated
and made perfect in all its parts. I say there was
no necessity for this action, and it was in not con-
templation even in the report of the Secretary of
the Navy at so late a day as 1854.
I desire to refer to that report of the Secretary
of the Navy, in which he says emphatically that
sucha law was not necessary, for he recommends
the extremest measure which he thought was re-
quired, and he does not go to this extent; but it
was engineered through Congress. Everything
in regard to it was kept secret. It was done by
the cooperation of the committee and the silence
and apathy of members, who, from their peculiar
condition, not being connected particularly with
the Navy, were prevented from entering into an
investigation of the principles of the law. In the
report to which I have just alluded, Mr. Dobbin
says:
" Is the particular plan of having the aid of a board of
officers in ascertaining the incompetent and unworthy ob-
jected to ? I am not wedded to that or any other scheme,
provided the main object can be attained. I should be con-
tent to have th# Secretary from time to time officially re-
port to the President such names as he wishes should be
retired or dropped; that the President should transmit, if he
thinks proper, their names to the Senate, with a recommend-
ation suited to each case. Thus the President and the
Senate, the appointing power, will be the removing power;
and the apprehension of StarChamber persecution and being
victimized by secret inquisition, now felt by some worthy
officers, would be quieted."
Sir, if this course had been adopted the Navy
would have been purged, if it needed purging';
it would have beenpunfied, invigorated, ana sus-
tained; but how is it now ? I will take any num-
ber of men who have been removed and disrated,
and you may pick out at hap-hazard an equal
number among those retained, and you will find
them as defective in capacity as those who have
been dismissed.
Mr. President, I earnestly trust that the Senate
will adopt these resolutions, appoint the special
committee forthwith to proceed in the investiga- I
tion of the cases of those officers who have pre- I
sented memorials to us, so that they will have it j
in their power at an early day to report upon the j
subject. I have much to deplore in the condition
of the country, and much to reprehend; but this
is the most fatal blow which I have yet seen ;
aimed at the nation—one that has inflicted a ,
deeper wound on its honor and efficiency than
all tnat have been accumulating from the days of
my boyhood to the present moment, and the con-
sequences of which will be most disastrous if not
arrested.
I cannot consent to sustain the bill reported by
the Committee on Naval Affairs, which proposes
to increase temporarily the whole number of offi-
cers in the Navy, when we have already so many
officers for the ships, that now only once in every
fifteen years can a captain perform his cruise, a
commander once in fifteen years, and the lieuten-
ants once in five years. Under such circumstances,
are you to make provision for an additional num-
i ber to supply the places of those who have been
improperly dropped or removed ? No, sir. I will
replace them where they stood at the adoption of
this unconstitutional measure. I say it was a
nullity from the commencement, because it was
unconstitutional, and because the law, even such
as it was, has not been propery executed.
I ask the Senate to restore these men to the
places which they formerly occupied. Let this
be done, and our country will feel and know that
there is a conservative principle in the legislation
of this Union which can arrest all the cabals, all
the machinations, and all the packed conspiracies
that may be concocted against the well-being of
i the country, or against any particular arm of its
service, which are prompted by sinister motives,
and designed to strike down worthy men for
hatred, envy, or ambition. It will show the people
that there is an influence which can put down
those who seek, by grasping at power, to promote
themselves at the nation's expense,and do injus-
tice to worthy and honorable men.
Now, Mr. President, I have no more to say on
this occasion; but before taking my seat I beg
, leave to return my thanks to the honorable Sena-
tor from Tennessee for the courtesy which he has
shown me by allowing me to proceed to-day.
POWERS OP CONGRESS OVEK THE TERRITORIES.
SPEECH OF HON. DAVID RITCHIE,
of PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House or Representatives,
April 24, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. RITCHIE said: The President of the
United States, in his message of 24th January
last, relative to affairs in the Territory of Kansas,
informs us that
" The act to organize the Territories of Nebraska and Kan-
sas was a manifestation of the legislative opinion of Con-
gress on two great points of constitutional construction: one
that the designation of the boundaries of a new Territory,
and provision for its political organization and administra-
tion as a Territory, are measures which, of right, fall within
the powers of the General Government; and the other that
the inhabitants of any such Territory, considered as an in-
choate State, are entitled, in the exercise of self-govern-
ment, to determine for themselves what shall be their own
domestic institutions, subject only to the Constitution and
the laws duly enacted by Congress under it, and to the
power of the existing States to decide, according to the
provisions and principles of the Constitution, at what time
the Territory shall be received as a State into the Union.
Such are the great political rights which are solemnly de-
clared and affirmed by tliat act."
But the President does not inform us how far the
Constitution,and laws duly enacted by Congress
under it, may extend; nor does he inform us
where he finds the " power of the existing States
to decide, according to the provisions and princi-
ples of the Constitution, at what time the Terri-
tory shall be received as a State into the Union."
The Constitution certainly gives to the " existing
States " no such power. But the paragraph citea
does not affirm or deny anything specifically, and
it is not worth while to pursue it further. As,
however, many questions have lately been raised
as to the extent of our right to legislate for the
Territories, it may be well to inquire what power
we really have.
By section three of article four of the Consti-
tution of the United States, it is declared that
" Congress shall have power to dispose of, and make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States."
The general power conferred by these words
is not limited either as to the subjects with regard
