1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cussion on this subject, a question arosebetween
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] the Sen-
ator from Florida, [Mr. Mallory,] and myself,
as to a correspondence which I assumed had taken
place between a member of the naval board and
an officei. In the remarks made by the Senator
from Florida, some injustice might seem to have
been done to the parties concerned. I am sure
that it was not his intention to do them any in-
justice; but those gentlemen, or at least one of
them, felt that his remarks were susceptible of
misconstruction, producing injustice to them.
They have furnished me with a copy of that cor-
respondence, which is very brief, and I would,
therefore, ask the Senate to have it read. I will
then suggest the amendment which the honorable
Senator from Maine proposes. I ask for the
reading of the letter from Captain Du Pont to
Lieutenant Rhind, and his response. It is an act
of justice to them and to the Senator from Florid*
also.
The Secretary read as follows:
W VSHINOTO.V. Juhj 18,
Dear Sir: Reports <lero<ratorv to the ehaiactei of the
officer who took the cutter Ewius out to California, have
been circulated. It is> due to tin uttkci. now alwnt, if un-
title, that they should bo contiadu'ted It founded m lads,
it is equally due to the scrvi-e that tliev should be known
in a tangible loim. It In- been stated that he naded alonsr
the western coast, in f-mm' c.^cs the <ro<uh on
shoje. On addicting myself to Lieutenant James II.
Moore, he referted me to you ha\m<£ been the executive
oflicer of the Evwng .it Use luue alluded to. An}' mfoim-
ation you may have, calculated to iciievc the ofiWr, or do
jiMiec to the sen ice. 1 will thank >ou to fot ward to me ut
your eailiest convenient*".
I din, dear sn, veiy respectfully your--,
F nb' PONT.
Lieutenant A. C. Kiiixd, United States Navy.
Statkn Island, July 22. 3855.
Dear Sir : I hnve received your note of the 18th. The
office! who commanded the cutter {-Iwiuir otj hei vo\ n^e to
Cahtonim, Lieutenant YV. A, 15:ntl.*tt, bud muiic .ih.ui-. of
trade, the uatme oi extent of winch I did not take the
tioubte io tnloim my-rlt', It .-eeinrd to me to be lather a
mailer of la^te It i- no! to inv knowledge tiuc that the
vessel or any pcr>on on hoaid of hei, was at anv time made
use of for the purpo-es mentioned m \oui note.
Kespcetddij, join obedient • ei vanr
A. C. ItlllftD.
Commander S. F. Du Pont.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I alluded, in the
remaiks which I adthessed on Thursday to the
Senator from Florida, to a subsequent interview
between Lieutenant Rhind and Captaint Du Pont.
I have that statement drawn up, and I ask that it
may be read, and then 1 shall have done with the
question.
Mr. MiVLLORY. Mr. President, I submit to >
the Senate whether Captain DuPont is upon trial, j
and whether it is pertinent to any issue before the 1
Senate, or to any question upon whieh we are j
called to net, to rend the correspondence be- j
tween Captain Du Pout and Mr. Rhind - I have !
no objection whatever to the correspondence j
being published; but I submit, whether it is just |
to present here and havc_read a correspondence !
between two parties, neither of whom is on trial, I
and one of whom is not here to answer? What j
the statement is 1 do not know. Surely, it is not !
pertinent to any issue before us. If the Senate ;
desire that it shall be read, 1 shall not make ob- ;
jection. I submit the matter to the Senate. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do I understand j
the Senator from Florida to object to the reading ?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then it will be
read, of course.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think it niv duty to ob-
ject. It is very wrong, it seems to me, that any-
thing of this kind should be read in the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being mode,
the Chair will submit to the Senate the question,
whelhe) the p^pei shall be read?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I regret exceed-
ingly that my friend from Louisiana objects to
the reading of this paper, upon the ground that it
is not pertinent. Ir it be not ptrlinent fo read the
statement of a fact which was introduced in de-
bate he *e, I am at a loss to know what is perti-
nent. The interrogatory was propounded by the
Senator from Virginia, whether it member of the
board had at any time gone out m quest of in-
formation to establish charges, or to vindicate
from charges which had been preferred against
any officer. He asked the honorable Senator
from Florida if he knew of any such fact. He
stated that he did not. I then called his attention
to this correspondence, and asked him if he had
not seen such a correspondence as has been read
at your desk. He said he had seen it, but had
not given it that attention which it might demand,
and could not speak of it definitively. I stated,
in the same debate, that such a correspondence
did exist; and that, subsequently to it, Lieutenant
Rhind met Captain Du Pont a few days after-
wards, and in the interview with him ho asked,
" Did you receive my letter?" " I did," was the
answer, " but it came too late; we had disposed
of Bartlett's case before we got your letter."
Now, is it not duo to justice, is it not due to
fairness and to every principle which can animate
the heart of man, that the facts shall be known?
Bartlettand Rhind have both been sacrificed by
this board, and they come here, to the American
Senate, and ask to be heard. They ask that they
may have an opportunity to vindicate their char-
acters from the aspersions whieh have been heaped
on them; and they come in the only form in which
they are permitted to come—by remonstrance and
petition. It seems to me, according to every prin-
ciple of fairness, that the conversation which
occurred between this officer and another officer
ofthe Government should be brought here. I can
see no single giound of objection to it, if gentle-
men desire the whole facts to go to the countiy.
There is the correspondence. If it be untrue, let
Captain Du Pont come forward and free himself
from the aspersion made by that interview. I
submit the question to the justice ofthe Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. This is a question which
ought to be strippt d of everything like feeling.
It is one in whieh the dignity of the Senate is
somewhat concerned. Thisis a proposition made j
by the honorable Senator from Tennessee for the j
reading of a statement, as he calls it—a letter and !
statement addressed, probably, to himself by a ;
former lieutenant of the Navy, Lieutenant Rhind, i
who has been dropped m consequence of the j
act ion of the board, giving the construction which !
I he has placed on the conduct and language of a \
\ member of the naval board. Now, sir, if we
| adopt the constitution put upon the language
( of Captain Du Pont by Lieutenant Rhind, where
is this thing to end ? Whose construction and
whose language are we to recite next,5 This
vei y qui stion is before youi committee, and these
very lotteis, or copies of them, arc in my posses-
sion, and th^y have formed a portion of the com-
mittee 's investigation. I have no objection, there-
fore, to pubhuty, because 1 was disposed to
embody it m the repoit. If the Senate chooses
to go into that investigation, be it so. Captain
I Du Pont stands intact; but I defv, as I did a few
j days ago, the most searching investigation into
| every letter, word, or transaction while he was a
! membei of tluif board. It is not, therefore, to
! shield him, or any member of the board, that I
| make any objection, but there must be a limit.
: Now, Air. President, to show to the Senate
| how little claim this transaction has to the indul-
! genee of the Senate on account of anything which
| took place in the debate here between myself and
; the Senator from Tennessee, T will remark that I
I do not see that f alluded, jn any .particular, to the
i course of Lieutenant Rhind, or that anything
! which he did, or did not do, was called in qucs-
j tion. I will read the leport of the remarks which
I I then made 
^ Air. WELLER. Will the honorable Senator
consent to postpone his remarks5
Mr. A1ALLORY. I am w illmg that the sub-
i ject shall be postponed.
Mr. WELLER. As it will lie impossible, I 1
suppose, to obtain a vote on the question to-day, !
I hope it will be postponed until to-morrow, and j
• that we shall proceed to the business which I 1
have before urged—the reading of the message in j
i relation to Ivansys. |«
j The further consideration of the subject was ;
, postponed until to-monow, and made the special
order for one o'clock. j
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. |
A message from the House of Representatives, :
by Air. William Culi.om, their Clerk, announced !
that they had parsed Senate bill (_No. 57) to I
relieve the Commissioner of Pensions from the i
performance of certain eleucal dunes, and also !
Senate bill (No. 72) authorizing the issue of a i
register to the bark Alonmouth. i
AFFAIRS IN KANSAS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the'
Senate a message, in answer to a resolution ofthe".
Senate of the 4th instant, transmitting a report"
from the Secretary of State, with the documents
accompanying it. The Secretary of State, in his'
report, lays before the President copies of the
laws and journals of the Legislative Assembly
of the Teiritory of Kansas, and also copies of*
executive proceedings and correspondence of the
Governors of the Territory; and, in addition, a
copy of two letters addressed by J. H. Lane and
C. Robinson to the President, and a letter ofthe
Secretary of War to Colonels Sumner and Cook,
and a letter ofthe State Department to Governor
Shannon. The journals of the proceedings of
the Legislative Assembly were received at the
State Department; but a printed copy of the ter-
ritorial laws was not received, in the ordinary
course, from the Secretary of the Territory, but
was furnished by the public printer of the Terri-
tory, now in Washington city.
The Secretary commenced to read the docu-
ments accompanying the message.
Air. STUART. It seems to me to be hardly
necessary to spend the remainder of the day in
reading these documents. They were called
forth by a resolution which originated with the
Committee on Territories. The message is a
response to that resolution, and it s£ems to me to
bo more proper—at least it would save a great
deal of time—to refer all the documents at once to
that committee, and order them to be printed. I
submit that motion.
Mr. TOUCEY. There is a part of the com-
munication which I have looked over since it has
been m the Senate which I wish to have read.
It is the part which relates to the recent difficul-
i ties in the Territory.
Air. CRITTENDEN. 1 wish to hear the
whole message and documents.
Air. WADE, and others. Let all be read.
Mr. WELLEIt. I suppose all might be read
except the territoiial laws. I do not think it is
necessary that they should be read.
Air. STUART. There seems to be a disposi-
tion among Senators to hear all the documents
read, and therefore 1 withdraw my objection.
The Secretary proceeded to read the letter of
Governor Reeder to Mr. Marcy, of June 26,
1855, answering the charges which had been
made against him.
Air. FITZJPATRICK. The letter which the
Secretary is reading was, I believe, published to
the world, and printed in the newspapers, four
months ago; and I think, therefore, it is not ne-
cessary to take up our time now by reading it.
By general consent the reading of the letter was
dispensed with, and the Secretary proceeded to
read the remainder of the documents, which re-
late principally to the recent transactions in the
Territory. A letter fiom Governor Shannon,
dated December 11, 1855, gives a history of the
late difficulties in the Territory, and calls upon
the President for power to order out the military
stationed at Fort Leavenworth for the preserva-
tion of law and order in Kansas. This letter was
accompanied by dispatches to and from Colonel
Sumner, commandant of that fort.
The PRESIDENT. The dispatches will not
be read unless desired.
Mr. SUMNER. Let them all be read.
The Secretary continued and concluded the
reading of thodocuments. They containaffidavits
of inhabitants of Kansas, in reference to a resist-
ance to the service of process which led to the
recent outbreaks, and other information laid before
the President by Governor Shannon. Among them
arc two letters from " .T. H. Lane, chairman of
the Executive Committee of Kansas Territory,"
and" C. Robinson, chairman ofthe Committee of
Safety," dated respectively January21 and Jan-
uary 23, 185G, representing that they feared an
invasion of the Territory, and calling on the Pres-
ident for aid.
The message isaccompanied by the recent proc-
lamation of the President, and by an order of the
War Department to Colonel Sumner, command-
ing at Fort Leavenworth, and brevet Colonel
Cook, commanding at Fort Riley, to hold their
troops in readiness to be called out on the requisi-
tion of the Governor of Kansas, to repel insur-
rection or invasion, or to put down organized
attempts to resist the execution of the laws; but
V
