1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
causes of the troubles in Kansas; but before he
concluded liis remarks, he gave way to Mr. Hale,
on whose motion the Senate adjourned. [His
remarks will be found in the Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 18, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Mr. Phelps.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
BUSINESS IN ORDER.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the order of the House relating to the election
of Chaplain.
REFERENCE OF KANSAS MESSAGE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I notice, from the reading of the Journal,
that tin: motion which I made on Thursday to
reconsider and lay upon the table the reference
of the President's Kansas message to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, is
left as a pending question. On the evening of
that day, before the adjournment, I withdrew the
motion which I had made; but as it is competent
for me to withdraw it to-day, I will not ask for
a correction of the Journal, but merely ask leave
to withdraw the motion.
There being no objection, the motion in ques-
tion was withdrawn.
CLERK FOR COMMITTEE OF ELECTIONS.
Mr. NICHOLS was rccognizcd by the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of privilege.
Mr. NICHOLS. And I to report from a privi-
leged committee.
Mr. WASHBURN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Elections to report the following
resolution.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is that a privileged
question ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read
for information.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections be author-
ized to employ a clerk at the usual compensation.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
that is not a privileged question.
REPORT ON TIIE FINANCES.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to present the following report:
The Committee on Fruiting on the pait ot the Uou^e, to
whom it was leferred to inqmie into the expediency of
pnnune extia eopics of the annual report of the tfeeietary
of the Tiea^ury on the state of the finances, report the tol-
lowing nvoJuhon :
Rcsolrctl, That fifteen thousand extra eopio«s oi the an-
nual icport of the Secretary of the Tiea?iuy on the fctare of
the finances be punted, lor the use of the mcmbcis. ot the
Iloii'ie of llepi esentative*,.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before the ques-
tion be put on the adoption of that resolution, I
desire to make an inquiry of the gentleman from
Ohio. The law, 1 understand, requires that all
of these documents, of a certain number of pages,
shall be bound. I would inquire of the gentleman
how that binding is executed? I do not now ex-
actly recollect the provisions of .the law, whether
the binding goes with the printing, or is done by
a separate contract. The cost of binding, per-
haps, is of equal importance and magnitude, m
amount, almost with the printing itself 
Mr. NICHOLS. I would inform the gentle-
man from Tennessee, that the binding is a subject
of separate action. It forms a subject for distinct
and separate contract. It has nothing to do with
the printing. So far as the binding of mere ex-
ecutive documents is concerned, those which are
bound in octavo form are bound under a law of
this House, authorizing the committee to con-
tract for it within their discretion, the cost not to
exceed twelve and a half cents per copy. So fax-
as any other species of binding is concerned, it is
regulated by the order of the House at the par-
ticular time it is ordered It has been the custom,
heretofore, to authorize the committee, by the
same resolution as orders the printing, to con-
tract for and direct the style of binding. That is
the statement so far as the binding is concerned.
Has the gentleman any other inquiry to make?
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to make one inquiry
of the gentleman from Oluo; and that is, what
was the number of copies of this report ordered
last year—'ten or fifteen thousand?
Mr. NICHOLS. The number that was or-
dered during both sessions of last Congress of the
finance report was fifteen thousand.
Mr. HAVEN. Each session ?
Mr. NICHOLS. Each session.
Mr. HAVEN. Then 1 hope the resolution
will pass.
Mr. NICHOLS. The number of copics of the
annual message of the President and accompa-
nying documents ordered was twenty thousand.
Mr. LETCHER. I move an amendment to
the resolution, in the shape of another resolution.
The amendment was reported as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to let out to the lowest responsible biddei, who is a piacti-
cal hookbmdcr, alter reasonable notice, the binding of the
llou^-e ot Rcpicsentatives for the Thnty-Fouith Congress.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am opposed to that amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the resolution offered by the gentleman from
Virginia changes the order of the House in regard
to this matter, and is, therefore, not m order as an
amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it not in order in relation
to the printing and binding? That is a proposi-
tion in relation to the means of binding. It strikes
me that it is directly germane to the matter in
hand.
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the gen-
tleman from Ohio relates only to the printing.
Mr. LETCHER. I know (hat; but these books
after they are printed have got to be bound.
Mr. NICHOLS. I make the point of order on
the gentleman. The binding is a subjcct regu-
lated by law. Now, I submit that the gentleman
cannot, by a simple amendment to a resolution
to print, change an existing law.
The SPEAKER. The opinion of the Chair is
that the amendment is not in order.
Mr. MORGAN. I offer the following resolu-
tion as an amendment:
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of the Report
of the Superintendent of the Government Hospital lor the
Insane be printed loi the use of the superintendent.
The SPEAKER. That resolution has no rela-
tion to the one pending before the House, and
therefore is not in order.
The questionwas then taken on the resolution
reported by Mr. Nichols, and it was adopted.
THE PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
Mr, NICHOLS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer the following resolu-
tion; and on it I call for the previous question:
Revolted, That thoie be pijnted foi the use of the inem-
beis ofthe lloiue ofRepresentntive^ twenty thou-and cop ten
of the Pie«.ident's menage and accompanying documents.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was adopted.
SURVEY OF THE COAST.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am also directed by the
Committee on Printing to offer the following res-
olution; and on it I call for the previous question:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the letter of the
Seeiotaiv of the Ttcatmry, communicating tiie report of the
Supeiintendent ot the Coast Survey for the yeai 18.>5—m
addition to the usual number—be printed ; six thousand for
the use of the House, and the remainder lor distribution
bv the Coast Suivey o/Tice ; and tlu r the s-ame be punted
and bound with the plates, in quarto ibim. and that the
plates be printed under the direction of the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the previous question
will not be ordered.
Mr. NICHOLS. "Will the gentleman allow
me to state, for the information of the House, that
this resolution is a precise copy of the resolution
that passed this body at both sessions of each of
the two last Congresses, without variation, with-
out change in any respect. This is the precise
number that has teen ordered.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire to ask of the
gentleman who has charge of this subject, whether
we cannot print and furnish a larger number of
the charts accompanying this report, and u less
number of the book? Itsoems to me to be essen-
tial that the House should have these charts
printed and furnished for the use of the men on
the coast; but I do not see the necessity of print-
ing so largo a number of the book.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am compelled to raise a
question of order upon the gentleman from Ken-
tucky. No debate is in order, the previous ques-
tion having been demanded.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken; and the resolution
was adopted.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the mem-
bers of the Hou<e of Representatives thirtv thousand copies
of the mechanical part of the Patent Office report, and ten
thousand of the same for the use of the Patent Office.
Mr. HAVEN. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I desire to make a brief state-
ment in connection with that resolution, and I
presume I shall anticipate the question the gen-
tleman from New York was about to ask.
Mr. HAVEN. Go ahead then.
Mr. NICHOLS. 1 will say that at each session
of the last Confess the House ordered to be
printed fifty thousand copies of this report for
the use of the members of the House, and ten
thousand in addition for the use of the Patent
Office; but the Committee on Printing of the
House, believing these orders to have been ex-
cessive, and not being in favor of making this
book machine too large, decided to restore the
number recommended to that ordered by past
Congresses. They have therefore cut down the
number to that point. If it be the sense of the
House, however, to print the number ordered at
the last Congress, we prefer that the House shall
itself take the responsibility.
Mr. HAVEN. Did the gentleman from Ohio
move the previous question ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I did not. If it is the wish
of the House to order a larger number, I desired
to give them an opportunity to amend.
Mr. HAVEN. I only desire to say that, for
one, I will go with the Committee on Printing
for curtailing the amount of printing to be ordered
by the House, in any direction they may recom-
mend, unless it be in reference to the mechanics
and farmers of the country. In reference to the
mechanical part of the Patent Office report, I
think the House had better keep to the number
heretofore printed. These books are very much
sought after; I have letters every day in reference
to them. I think the House had better print the
same number as heretofore; and I move to amend
the resolution by striking out " thirty thousand,"
and inserting " fifty thousand."
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 beg leave to make one
single suggestion upon this subject. Two years
ago, when this matter was before the House, I
endeavored to have the number of mechanical
reports printed reduced to twenty thousand or
thirty thousand, and to have the number of copies
of the agricultural part of the report increased to
a corresponding extent. My motion, however,
failed. 1 was then told by a gentleman who thought
as the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hayejj]
now seems to think, that these mechanical reports
were very much sought after, and he proposed
that I should make an exchange of such of mine
as I did not want with some gentleman, and re-
ceive agricultural reports in lieu of them. 1 made
the effort, but did not succeed in swapping off a
single copy. 1 found that the experience of other
members was the same as my own—that there
was a great rush among the farmers for the agri-
cultural report, much greater than for the me-
chanical. I think this will be the experience of
every gentleman upon this floor now.
Mr. HAVEN. The difficulty the gentleman
found in swopping was not, I presume, owing to
any lack of desire for the mechanical, but owing
to a superior desire for the agricultural report by
the farmers of the country.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. If the gentleman had
wailed for a moment, I think he would have seen,
by the remarks I am about to make, that I donot
want to interfere with what he probably desires
to accomplish. I was about to suggest to the
chairman of the Committee on Printing that the
same number of copies of the two portions of the
Patent Office report, as last year, in the aggregate,
should be printed, and that each member should
indicate at once how those coming to him should
be divided. Now, I do not suppose I have appli-
✓
