1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
34th Cong.... 1st Sess. Powers of Congress over the Territories—Mr. Ritchie.
Ho. of Reps.
debate, this power was not called in question by
any one. (Annals of Congress, vol. 2, p. 1204.)
The act of 26th May, 1790, (at same session,)
provided for tlie government of the territory of the
United States south of the river Ohio. It merely
the case of Gibbons vs. Ogden, (9 Wheaton 196,)
is peculiarly applicable. Speaking of the power
to regulate commerce, the court says:
" It is the power to regulate; that is, to prescribe the rule
by which commerce is to be governed. This power, like
enacted that the government should be is cwnP|e.te in.itself, may be
to that exercised in the territory northwest of tht^f,^^, other * than' are'
Ohio, except so far as otherwise provided in the
act to accept a cession of the claims of the State
of Xorth Carolina to a certain district of western
territory. Korth Carolina, as above stated, had
stipulated that slavery should not be prohibited.
An act of Congress of 7th April, 1(98, estab-
lishes a government for the Mississippi Terri-
tory, and applies to it the ordinance of 1787, ex-
cept the clause prohibiting slavery. It also enacts
that "no slaves shall be brought into the Terri-
tory from any place without the limits of the
United States, and that any person bringing, or
aiding to bring, a slave into the Territory from
any place outside of the limits of the United
States, shall forfeit and pay for every slave so
brought the sum of three hundred dollars, one
'jHfexercised to its utmost extent, and acknowledges no lim-
itntinne nthsr than am prescribed in the Constitution.
These are expressed in plain terms, and do not affect the
questions which arise in this case, or which have been dis-
cussed at the bar. If, as has been always understood, the
sovereignty of Congress, though limited to specified otjects,
is plenary as to those objects, the power over commerce
with foreign nations, and among the several States, is vested
in Congress as absolutely as it would be in a single Govern-
ment, having in its constitution the same restrictions on the
exercise of the power as are found in the Constitution of
the United States. The wisdom and the discretion of Con-
gress, their identity with the people, and the influence winch
their constituents possess at elections, are, in this, as in
many other instances—as that, for example, of declaring
war—the sole restraints on which they have relied to secure
tliern from its abuse. Tbey ore the restraints on which the
people must often rely solely, in all representative govern-
ments."
In Pollard's Lessee vs. Hagan et al. 3 (Howard,
929) the above passage is cited with approval.
The Court says:
" The American States, as well as the American people,
have believed a close and firm union to be essential to their
liberty and to their happiness. They have been taught by
experience, that this Union cannot exist without a govern-
ment for the whole; and they have been taught by the same
experience, that tins government would be a mere shadow,
that must disappoint all their hopes, unless invested with
larse portions of that sovereignty which belongs to independ-
ent States. Under the influence of this opinion, and thus
instructed by experience, the American people, in the con-
ventions of their respective States, adopted the present
Constitution. If it could be doubted, whether from its na-
ture it were not supreme in all cases where it is empowered
to act, that doubt would be removed by the declaration, that
' this Constitution, and the laws of the United States, which
shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties made,
or which shall be made, under the authority of the United
States,shall be the supreme law of the land ; and the judges
in every State (hall be bound thereby; anything in the
constitution or laws of any State to the contrary notwith-
standing.
" This is the authoritative language of the American peo-
ple, and, if gentlemen please, of the American States. It
marks, with lines too strong to be mistaken, the character-
istic distinction between the government of the Union and
those of the States. The General Government, thougb
limited to its objects, is supreme with respect to those ob-
jects. Thia principle is a part of the Constitution; and, if
there be any who deny its necessity, none can deny its au-
thority.
" To this supreme Government amide powers are con-
fided ; and, if it were possible to doubt the great puiposes
for which they were so confided, the people of the United
States have declared tharthey are given ' in order to form a
more perfect Union, establish justice, insure domestic tran-
quillity, provide for the common defense, promote the gen-
eral welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to them-
selves and their posterity.'"
The government of the territory is one of the
provisions of which in this respect were extended , objects confided by the Constitution to the Gen-
to various other Territories,gives to the Governor
and judges of the Territory legislative authority
therein until the General Assembly should be or-
ganized ; and no representatives could be elected
until there were five thousand free male inhabit-
ants of full age in the district.
By act of 31st of October, (2 Statutes, 245,) it
was enacted with regard to the Territory of Lou-
isiana, that " all the military, civil, and judicial
powers, exercised by the officers of the existing
government of the same, shall be vested in such
person or persons, and shall be exercised in such
manner, as the President of the United States shall
direct."
■ The act of 26th of March, 1804, (section four,
?age 284) vests the legislative powers of the
'erritory of Orleans " in the Governor, and in
thirteen of the most fit and discreet persons of
the Territory, to be called the legislative council;
who shall be appointed annually by the President
of the United states from among those holding
real estate therein, and who shall have resided one
year at least in said Territory, and hold no office
of profit under the Territory or the United
States. "Both these acts were approved by J effer-
son; but it would be an endless task to cite all the
acts going to show that Congress had, and exer-
cised, supreme authority on all questions over the
Territories. The whole legislation from the ori-
gin of the Government has been nothing else than
the exercise of such power. To this subject the
language of the Supreme Court of the United
States, (opinion by Chief Justice Marshall,) in
eral Government, and with regard to which it is
therefore supreme.
But it is not necessary to infer the opinion of the
Supreme Court of the United States, with refer-
ence ot the power of Congress over the Territo-
; ries, from their decision upon the meaning of lan-
1 guage when used to confer other powers, various
! acts of Congress relating to the Territories have
> come under the official cognizance of that court,
and in no instance has the power of Congress
been doubted or called in question. The case of
Strader et al. vs. Graham, 10 Howard, 82, has
been frequently referred to, as indicating the
opinion of the Supreme Court, that Congress had
no power over the subject of slavery in the Ter-
ritories; but no such doctrine is held in that case.
On the contrary, that case recognizes to the fullest
extent all the power'claimed for Congress over
that subject, as well as others. Chief Justice
Taney, delivering the opinion of a majority of
the court, says:
k " It has been settled by judicial decision in this court,
that this ordinance [of 1787] is not in force."
j And he cites Permoli vs. First Municipality, (3
: Howard, 589,) and Pollard t>s. Hagan, (3 How-
ard, 212.) But he goes on tefsay:
" It is undoubtedly true, (page 96,) that most of the ma-
terial provisions and principles of these six articles, not in-
consistent with the Constitution of the United States, have
I been established law within this Territory ever since the ord-
inance was pawed, and hence the ordinance itself is some-
times spoken of as still in force. But these provisions owed
their legal validity and force, after the Constitution was
adopted, and while the territorial government continued,
moiety for the use of the United States, and the To the same effect is Cohens tw. Virginia, (6
other "moiety for the use of the person who shall j Wheaton, 380.)
sue for the same; and every slave so brought
shall thereupon become entitled to and receive
his or her freedom." (1 Statutes at Large, 550.
Approved by Adams.)
The act of 26th March, 1804, erecting Louisi-
ana into two Territories, (Sec. 10, 2 Statutes at
Large, 286,) has the same provision as the one
just cited with regard to th&introduction of slaves
from places without the limits of the United
States. It is also further enacted, that no slaves
shall be carried into the Territory from any place
within the United States, which were imported
into the United States after the 1st day of May,
1798, or which should be imported into the
United States aAer the date of the act, under like
penalties as those above stated, with regard to
Mississippi. In addition to all this, the act de-
clares that " no slave or slaves shall, directly or
indirectly, be introduced into stud Territory, ex-
cept by a citizen of the United States removing
into said Territory for actual settlement, and being
at the time of such removal bona fide owner of
such slave or slaves; and every slave imported or
brought into the said Territory contrary to the
provisions of this act, shall thereupon be entitled
to and receive his or her freedom. (Approved
by Jefferson.)
In the act of March 30,1822, for the establish-
ment of a territorial government in Florida, (3
Statutes at Large, 684,) there are various provis-
ions with. regard to slaves and the slave trade.
(Approved by Monroe.)
In addition to all this, the ordinance of1787, the
to the act of Congress of August 7,1789, which adopted and
continued the ordinance of 1787, and carried its provisions
into execution, with some modifications which were neces-
sary to adapt its form of government to the new Constitu-
tion. Andin the States since formed in the Territory, these
provisions, so far as tlicy have been preserved, owe their,
validity and authority to the Constitution of the United
States, and the constitutions and laws of the respective
States, and not to the authority of the ordinance of the old
Confederation.
" As we have already said, it ceased to be in force upon
the adoption of the Constitution, and cannot now be the
source of jurisdiction of any description in this court."
In the same case, (page 95,) he says:
"The act of Congress of April 7, 1798, (1 Statutes at
Large, 549,) extended the ordinance of 1787 to the then Ter-
ritory of Mississippi, with the exception of the anti-slavery
clause."
In the case of Permoli vs. First Municipality,
(3 Howard, 589,) above cited, the court says:
" Congress declared in advance to the people of the Ter-
ritory the fundamental principles their constitution should
contain; this was every way proper under the circum-
stances. The instrument having been duly foijnud and pre-
sented it was for the National Legislature to judge whether
it contained the proper principles, and to accept it if it did,
or reject it if it did not" (Per Catron.)
In Pollard's Lessee vs. Hagan, (3 Howard, 229,)
the court (per McKinley, J.) cites with approba-
tion the passage above read from the opinion of
the court in the case of Gibbons vs. Oguen, with
reference to the powers vested in Congress. In
the case of the American Insurance Company w.
Canter, 1 Peters, 542, the court says:
" In the mean time Florida continues to be a Territory
of the United States, governed by virtue of that clause in
the Constitution which empowers to " make all needful
rules and regulations respecting the territory or other prop-
erty of the United States.
" Perhaps tbe power of governing a Territory belonging a
to the United States, which has not, by becoming a State,
acquired the means of self-government, may result neces-
sarily from the facts that it is not within the jurisdiction of
any particular State, and is within the power and jurisdic-
tion of the United State!?. The right to govern may be the
inevitable consequence of the right to acquire territory.
Whichever may be the source whence the power is derived,
the possession of it is unquestioned."
It was no part of the intention of the court to
throw doubt upon their own unqualified declara-
tion, that the words in the Constitution did confer
the power, but to indicate their opinion that even
without that clause Congress would have, by
necessary implication, the power which, in order
to avoid dispute, has been conferred by express
words.
The case of the State of Missouri vs. Iowa, (7
Howard, 667, 669,) shows in what light th«
Supreme Court of the United States regard a
territorial governmentafter it has been organised.
The case was one of dispute with regard to the
boundary between Missouri and Iowa. The
controversy originated in 1837, and was carried
on between the United States and Missouri for
ten years before Iowa was admitted as a State.
The Court says:
"The new State of Iowa come into the Union December
27,1847, and up to this date she was bound by the acts of
her predecessor, the United States, forasmuch as the latter
might have directly conceded to Missouri a new boundary
on the North, as was done on the West; and so, likewise,
Iowa is bound by tbe acts and admissions of the United
States, tending indirectly to confirm and establish a particu-
lar line as the northern boundary of Missouri."
But the power of Congress over the Territory
appears also from its laws, to establish needful
rules and regulations of intercourse with the In-
dian tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers.
The act of 30th June, 1834, is entitled " An act to
regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes, and to preserve the peace on the frontiers."
(4 Statutes; 729.) The act is a long one, and con-
tains a great variety of provisions, civil and crim-
inal, with reference to Indians, to foreigners, and
to citizens of the United States; authorizes, among
other thirds, the President to use the military force
of the United States to drive settlers from the Indian
lands, and to remove all persons from the Indian
country found there contrary to law,(sees. 10,11.)
It provides that the laws of the United States,
which provide "for the punishment of crimes
committed within any place, within the sole and
exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, shall
be in force in the Indian country; provided the
same shall not extend to crimes committed by one
Indian against the person or property of another
Indian. (Sec. 25.)
Section twenty-six enacts, " That if any per-
son who shall bp charged with a violation of any
