THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
MON DAY^lA?ii7
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
1856.
Nkw Series No. 74.
influence, as is suggested by some Senators, I
will not cast my vote, either directly or indi-
rectly, with respect to any claim which it may
have.
My friend from North Carolina [Mr. Biggs]
says that lie has not had an opportunity of in-
vestigating and ascertaining' the quantity of land
proposed to be granted. Why, sir, it is wholly
immaterial what the quantity of land may be.
We are acting upon the principle, that the in-
creased value of the public domain, in conse-
quence of the construction of such a road, will
be a full equivalent for the land granted. In that
view, it is wholly immaterial what the number
of acres may be—whether more or less. All ex-
perience has shown that this is not a pretense, or
a fallacious supposition, with a view to rob the
old States; for if you look to the reports of the
General Land Office you will find that, m every
instance, as far as I have observed, the reserved
lands have been doubled in value. It has been a
piudent disposition, on the part of the Federal
Government, of its public lands. They have
yielded in many instances—I know it is the case
in the State of Mississippi—five times as much
as they would have yielded in twenty or forty
years but for railroad improvements. Then it is
not a corrupt—it is a prudent disposition of the
public lands.
As an act of courtesy to Senators who desire
the investigation of a committee, I am usually in
favor of referring almost anything; but when the
sense of the Senate is so well known as it is in
reference to this question I cannot-see the neces-
sity for a leferencc. Bills granting land for rail-
roads in Iowa have passed this body repeatedly
by large majorities. Besides, it has been sug-
gested by the Senator from Iowa, that so soon as
this bill passed the House, it having failed there
repeatedly before, the confidence which was re-
posed in the previous votes of the Senate was such
that speculators at once sent out $40,000 worth
of warrants, to be located on the land along the
roads. Then, unless you pass the bill at once,
those lands will be appropriated, not by settlers,
not by the soldiers to whom you have granted
bounty warrants, but by the speculators, from
which the Government will derive no benefit; but
the Government wiil derive a benefit by passing
this bill promptly, reserving alternate sections,
and placing them at a higher price. If you post-
pone the bill to Thursday, the time of the meet-
ing of the committee, if the Senator from Iowa is
right, and I am right in my suppostojgn, you
may as well not pass the law at all. ™
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That is the fact.
Mr. ADAMS. Then, having passed this bill
repeatedly before, and the same subject having
been before the committee at this session, I can
see no necessity for delay. I shall, therefore,
vote against the motion.
Mr. CASS. There are three of the northwest-
ern States, Mr. President—Michigan, Wisconsin,
and Iowa—who have never received an acre of
land for railroad purposes. Most of the other
new States have received large grants. This has
been a species of injustice which the members
from those States have felt for years. This very
proposition, with respect to Iowa, has been here
during the pendency of all the others; and yet it
has met no favor from Congress. Why? Is there
any reason why Illinois, Missouri, Arkansas,
Indiana, and other States, should carve out the
national domain, and Iowa get nothing?
We have talked over the matter at every session
for the last six or eight years; and when iny former
colleague, Mr. Felch, was chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, I had many a conver-
sation with him in regard to it. I told him then,
and he felt it afterwards from the spirit which
he saw prevailing, that, unless we came to some
general understanding, and had a fair bill brought
in comprehending all the States, some would get
nothing. These three northwestern States have
all been kept back, and they have not had an acre
granted for improvements of this description.
There is no reason under heaven why we should
74
delay this bill. It has been substantially before
us time after time, and every necessary fact is
known to the members of the Senate. I think
this body has passed it two or three times, but it
has failed in the House of Representatives. 1 can
see no reason in the world why it should require
more examination than has already been given
to it. The principle has been decided time and
again. As to the facts connected with the par-
ticular roads, we know as much about them now
as we ever shall know.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, there is
no gentleman on this flour to whom i would sooner
grant everything m the form of accommodation
or favor that we arc permitted to grant, than to
my friend from Iowa; but it does seem to me that
this is a bill of sufficient consequence to require,
as a matter of duty—of formal concern for the
public welfare, that we should permit it to un-
dergo the examination of the appropriate com-
mittee. it has already passed the 1 louse of Rep-
resentatives. There is ample time for it. A few
days more or less can be of no great concern.
To pass it now might expedite for a few days,
or for a few months perhaps, the completion of
the roads; but that is a small consideration com-
pared with the principal questions presented to
us.
I have been long favorable to liberal grants of
land in the new States for purposes of improve-
ment, and especially for improvements by rail-
road of which the traveling community every-
where—and ours is a traveling public—to some
extent share the benefit. I have thought, how-
ever, that it would be much more just, and I have
been all my life an advocate for the distribution
upon some terms or other of the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands among all the States of
the Union, for purposes of improvement; but the
gentlemen from the new States have always been
found averse to it. My friend from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] now tells us that this very appiopriation
for four railroads in Iowa has been frequently the
subject of conversation among them, and they
have wondered why it has not been heretofore
granted. Perhaps I wonder too, because it has
been the practice on such subjects but to ask and
receive. I have been driven from the hope of
ever deriving any particular pecuniary advantage
to the old States from the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the public lands. 1 have, therefore,
thought that, if we are to be divested of them for
the benefit of the new States, it was more for the
benefit of the old States to let them go m the form
of grants for internal improvement by means of
railways than in any other form in which weean
waste and squander this fund. That has been my
view; it is still, and it will be until some prospect
be presented of a more equitable and just distri-
bution among all the States.
Now, sir, what is the condition of the people
whom I represent? Wc are on the wrong side
of the Ohio river. Just on the opposite side are
new States to whom millions on millions have
been granted, and are being continually granted,
and will be granted as long as an acre of public
land remains, covering their countries—intersect-
ing them in every direction with railroads. Take
Illinois; take Indiana; what are the vast amounts
that have gone to enridh those States with im-
provements given by the generous hand of the
General Government? On the Kentucky side not
one acre has been given, simply because the land
does not he within her borders, though it belongs
to her, and she is one of the sovereign proprietors.
She sees it all going to the improvement and
the advantage of others^ The old States who ac-
quired it, who fought for it, wjio bought it, have
no benefit and no advantage from it. They can
make n.o railroads and no other improvement by
any contribution received from the proceeds of
the public domain. It is given exclusively for
the improvement of the new States. But, sir, I
rejoice in their prosperity, and I lend a willing
hand to aid in building them up.
We of the old States have become almost hope-
less of justice in this matter*, but still we desire
to sec these lands wisely and prudently appro-
priated. If they are to be appropriated—and that
seems to be conceded—to internal improvements
in the new States where they lie, we ought to
have some supervision over the system of im-
provements which is adopted. "VVe ought to
have some judgment upon the various connec-
tions and communications which these roads are
to form. If we are to give the means of making
them, wc ought to exercise some little judgment
in favor of iho public—the universal public—
the people of the United States. Do they lie in
directions that render them of any national con-
sequence, or are they so located as to merely
make them advantageous to the locality in whick
they are placed? These points ought to be con-
sidered by us in a wise disposition of the public
lands. I am conceding now that they arc to go
in this direction—to the peculiar advantage of the
States where they lie. Yet they are to go with
our assent; they are to go by our'grant; and as
we are the grantors of the means olf making the
roads, we ought to exercise, as part of our duty,
some supervision as to their character and direc-
tion. Now, sir, do any of us know anything
about these roads? 1 am sure J do not. I do not
know what sort of a series they are to form. T
do not know how they are to connect Iowa with
all the other parts of the Union, or how they
accommodate themselves to railroads in other
States, and to purposes of common and general
utility. We ought to look a little more, I think,
into these points. *
Besides, let mc remark to my friend from Iowa,
however proper these roads may be in reference
to the State of Iowa, and in reference to all the
other States of the Union, there is another con-
sideration that should command our attention.
We propose to give certain portions of the lands
adjacent to these roads to the several companies.
It may be that one of the roads, running as they
do m various directions, may pass through a
tract of unappropriated country, and it will get
the whole amount. Another road mayrun through
a region of country where the private appropria-
tions already made leave but a very small quan-
tity of public land. This will produce inequality.
Ought it to be so? Our bounty and our contri-
butions ought to be equitable and equal. I may be
giving, by my vote, to the most unimportant of
these roads, more lands than to the greatest and
the most useful of all the enterprises among them.
That surely is not right. I submit whether this
bill ought not to be so amended—it could be done
very readily—as to make an equal distribution
of the proceeds of the land when sold, among
these companies, ratably, according to their ex-
tent and according to their cost. That would be
equal; that would be equitable. This may be
entirely unequal and entirely inequitable.
I think there is good reason why this bill should
go to the appropriate committee. 1 can assure
the gentleman from Iowa that I shall have every
disposition, not merely to facilitate the progress
of this bill, but to vote for it ultimately if I pos-
sibly can. I have voted for so many similar
measures, under the constraint of circumstances,
that I dare say this also will receive my support;
but I do hope that it will take the usual course of
going to a committee.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. My distinguished and
valued friend from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden1]
I am confident does not understand the operation
of this bill, or its effect upon the Treasury of the
United States. I can assure him that, if this bill
be passed, Kentucky will receive her quota of tho
proceeds of the sales of these lands; whereas, if
it be not passed, she will not get a single cent from
them.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Show me that.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa.* Alternate sections for
six miles on either side—one to be granted for each
road; and where those lands are taken up others
may be selected within fifteen miles of each road.
If this bill be passed, the alternate sections re-
served to the Government wiil be sold by the
United States for money at a minimum of $2 50
