1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
i therefore hope the previous question will be
moved.
Mr. OUR. If we print thirty or forty thou-
sand \vr have the very same expense of compo-
sition and pioof reading as if we print fifty thou-
sand. A1J the additional expense is simply the
com of paper and press work, so that the addi-
tional expense is inconsiderable.
My friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] speaks
of these documents finding their way to the gro-
cery stores in this city, I submit, that the public
documents printed by Congress have not found
their way there, for whenever the documents are
bound they are out, which destroys them for
wrapping paper. I think every member has sought
wUh avidity every copy of this document that^he
was entitled to, and that he has distributed them
amongst his constituents. I hope the largest
number will bo oi-dercd to be printed.
Mr. McMULLIN. I concur very fully in the
suggestion made by the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] and I rise now for the purpose
of appealing1 to the gentleman who heads the
Committee on Printing [Mr. Nichols] to accept
tiie suggestion of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Cj.i.ygman.] I can see no possible
objection to that suggestion. Let those gentle-
men who have a large number of constituents
engaged in mechanical pursuits, indicate the num-
ber of copies of the mechanical part they desire
to have. I am not willing, for one, to reduce the
number of the agricultural part of the Patent
Office- report. My friend from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jont.s,] I know, is exceedingly vigilant and
watchful of the public interest. I approve of his
watchfulness; but that gentleman is mistaken, in
my judgment, when he supposes that the people
are going to complain of the printing of the agri-
cultural part of the Patent Office report. What
have been the facts of the case for the last seven
or eight years r I live m an agricultiual distiict,
where there is a great demand for that document,
i have known gentlemen, time and again, request
an exchange of the mechanical for the agricultural
part of that report. I have myself applied to the
gentleman from New York to exchange his copies
of the agricultural for my mechanical report.
What objection, I ask the worthy and distin-
guished gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Our,} can theie be to let each gentleman indicate
to the printer the number he desires of each
part—not exceeding, m all, the numbei he is en-
titled to 3 1 would not lessen the number in the
aggregate. I would rather increase it. The ag-
ricultural part is sought for more earnestly by the
people whom I have the honor to represent, than
any other document printed by Congress. As to
the mechanical part, I am not prepared to say so
much, though 1 regard it as a valuable document.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
make aii inquiry of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing in reference to the agricultural
part of the Patent Office report of last year. 1
would ask him whether the type is not now set,
so that an additional number of that document
enn be printed, and what the expense^of such
printing would be ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I have been extremely
anxious to get the floor to move the previous
question, to terminate this debate; but there are
one or two things which I would like to say.
X desire to assign the reason for not accepting the
proposition of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Will the gentleman
answer my inquiry ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not know whether the
work is in type or not.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I will, then, as soon as
I can get the floor, offer a resolution directing the
Committee on Printing to inquire into the matter.
In regard to the agricultural part of the Patent
Office report of last year, I will say, that although
we had, I believe, some four hundied copies
each, yet m a district like my own that number
did not begin to supply the demand. Although
I distributed the whole number of copies to which
I was entitled, I every day receive letters asking
for more copies.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to impress upon
the House the importance of the matter.
Mr. .NICHOLS. I wish, with the permission
of my friend, to make one suggestion. I desire
ro make one statement, and will then appeal to my
friend to move the previous question, and term-
inate the debate. I will say to the gentleman
from North Carolina, that I deem it impolitic to
take tliis resolution back at the present time.
The printing of the mechanical part of the Patent
Office report involves the preparation of a great
number of plates to illustrate the important text
of the work itself. It is exceedingly important
that the order to print should be made now, be-
cause delay has already occurred from the long
disorganized state of the House. Unless it is
made soon we shall not be able to get any of these
document^ this session.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The printer knows that
the order will be made, whether it is made now or
a week hence.
Mr. NICHOLS. The printer has no right to
assume anything of the kind. If the House is
willing to take the responsibility of increasing the
number, the Committee on Printing have.no ob-
jection, though we thought the number we have
recommended sufficient.
Having said thus much, I would request the
gentleman from Virginia, when he shall have
concluded his remarks, to move the previous
question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to confer with the
gentleman from Ohio, and with the members of
the House generally, upon this subject. I desire
to know of the chairman of the Committee on
Printingif he can have any objection to the propo-
sition of the gentleman from North Carolina, that
the usual number of both parts be printed, and
that each member be permitted to indicate what
number he will take of each?
Mr. NICHOLS. I think we should print the
usual number of these documents, and let the
matter of distribution be regulated by a subse-
quent order of the House.
Mr. McAIULLIN. I understand from the
chaiiman of the Committee on Printing that that
committee has recommended a reduction of the
usual number of copies of the mechanical portion
of the Patent Office repoit. Now, sir, I have
only desired to have the number of copies of the
agricultural portion increased. That can be ef-
fected if you will print the usual number of copies
of the whole report, and let each mumber indicate
how many of each he will take.
One other idea was suggested to me by a gentle-
man from Georgia. It is thisrm the distribution
of the varieties of seeds which members get from
the Patent Office the culture of these seeds is
treated of, being referred to the agricultural board.
Now, unless we supply the country with a suf-
ficient number of copies of the agricultural report
we Meed not send out the large quantities of seeds
which are brought from abroad, and for the cost
of which the people tire taxed.
1 agree, Air. Speaker, with the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jonta] in his desire to curtail
all improper expenditures on the part of the
Government, yet I do say that no interest of the
country has been so constantly and wantonly
neglected as the great agricultural interests. Sir,
you publish thousands of documents—your finan-
cial reports, your reports on commerce and navi-
gation—reports which are admirably suited to the
commercial interests of the country, but which
the rural districts care "very little about. We do
not complain of that. None of us who represent
here the agricultural districts ask, on behalf of
those whom we lepresent, mote than that these
interests slwll be protected, respected, and not
overlooked, as they certainly would be in this
instance, if the number of copies of the agricul-
tural portion of the Patent Office report be cur-
tailed. I differ, therefore, with my distinguished
friend from Tennessee, in the opinion which he
expressed, that this report ought to be published
and provided for by th-'people themselves, unless,
indeed, the gentleman would carry his reform
views further, so as to curtail all the printing ap-
pertaining to all other branches uf the Govern-
ment. If he does that I will go with him; but
otherwise, I, for one, will not consent to see the
great agricultural interests of the country neg-
lected.
Mr. FLORENCE, (in his seat.) Nor the
mechanical either.
Mr. McMULLIN. Nor the mechanical either.
Mr. CLINGMAN. With the permission of
the gentleman from Virginia, I would make this
suggestion to the gentleman from Ohio It occurs
to me that the difficulty might be got over in this
way: He proposes the printing of ten thousand
copies of the mechanical portion of the Patent
Office report, for the use of the Patent Office.
Well, let an order be made for ten thousand, or
for twenty thousand—as no doubt that number
will be needed—with the understanding that that
order can be increased a few days hence, or a few
weeks hence, when the other report comes to be
ordered. That aruuigement, I think, will remove
the difficulty. 1 want to get as many copies of
the agricultural portion of the report as I can, and
prefer having them instead of the others.
Mr. NICHOLS. Allow me to answer that
suggestion of the gentleman from North Caro-
lina. I am a practical printer, and therefore well
acquainted with the matter. These documents
are, many of them, now in type, and the first
edition is being run through the press. Now,
let mo say to the gentleman, that the order for
additional copies at a subsequent date would
practically have this effect: On the first edition
which you would get printed a full charge would
be made for typography and press-work; and if
in three weeks afterwards you should come and
order another edition, you would be subject to
the like charges anew, as I believe that under the
existing law the public printer is entitled, under
such circumstances, to charges for typography
and press-work.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentlemen allow
me, then, to suggest that the making of the order
be delayed for a week or two?
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the very point f
was trying to get at. The charge for composi-
tion and press-work would cost the Government
a large sum of money, and it is desirable not to
duplicate such charge. Hence I want to have
that report recommitted, so that all may come in
under one general order. The whole thing might
be appropriately arranged by a resolution drawn
up as I know my fuend fiom Ohio can draw it
up.
Mr. NICHOLS. Allow me to say to the gen-
tleman that he proceeds upon the assumption
altogether that the agricultural and mechanical
portions of this report are one and the same thing.
They are not so. They are distinct works,and
require distinct typography. The one has no
connection under heaven with the other.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very unfortunate in
my efforts to make the gentleman from Ohio
understand me; but I am suie the fault must be
mine. I did not mean to say that both reports
are one and the same thing. I do not contend
for that at, all; but this is what 1 say: Let this
report be recommitted to the Committee o-n Print-
ing, and when the agricultural portion of the
report shall go to that committee, then let the
gentleman from Ohio present to the House a
resolution ordering the printing of both these
documents: and let him in that resolution pro-
vide that there shall be a certain number of the
two printed for each member of the House—take
the aggregate annual number, if you please—six*
hundred. Let six hundred copies of the two be
ordered to be printed for each member of the
House, and then let the same resolution give to
each member of the House the power to choose
by a note addressed at once by him to the public
printer, whether he shall take live hundred copies
of the one and one hundred copies of the other,
or an equal number of each, or what number of
each he may desire. That is what I want to
effect, and by that means there will be no extra
charges for type composition at all. There isno
reason for the work being delayed after the order
shall have been made. Each member shall thus
be able to exorcise his own discretion on the sub-
ject, as to how many copies of each report he
will have. It seems to me that there can be no
kind of impropriety in this arrangement.
Mr. McMULLIN. It occurs to me that my
friend from Ohio, the chaiiman of the Committee
on Printing, must perceive that there are very
clear indications on the part of the House that
there shall not be a decrease in the number of
copies, at least, of the agricultural report. I sug-
gest, therefore, to the chairman of thatcommittee,
whether or not it would save time by recommit-
ting this report to the Committee on Printing. It
strikes me, sir, that, if that commute will con-
sult the feelings and wishes of the members of
the House, they will find, beyond all doubt, that
