1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2048
tax the people over again, after paying to the
iHUional Treasury $75,000,000. The people are
Mib|"cted to additional taxation for the purposes
of the State governments and all those internal
improvements Now, sir, the natural fund to
support ail governments, national and local, Fed-
eral and State, is duties on imports. Enough is
received yearly into the Federal Treasury to
maintain both governments in a fair Jeffersonian
way, and to consliuct all necessary, national im-
provements. 13ut the General Government dis-
claims the power under the Constitution to make
internal improvements, and throws it upon the
States. The States e.innor tax the people to such
extent over again, and consequently have to run
into debt, and repudiate, like Mississippi and
Illinois, from necessity no doubt, or saddle them-
selves with mortgages like Pennsylvania, New
York, and Virginia, perhaps never to be paid.
Thus, one branch of our Government receives
twice too much, and the other twice too little.
Talking of the waste of the public money, gen-
tleman ask, why not take off all your tariff, and
resort to direct taxation? Because, sir, the peo-
ple will not submit to it. The national fund for
the support of tins Government, and all other
Governments in the world foryoung nations,such
as ours is, is duties paid on imports. "We are in
our infancy. We have not the necessary subdi-
vision of labor nor the maturity of the arts to
bear a repeal of all tariff laws in favor of foreign
labor and capital. We do not intend to allow our
arts and manufactures to be swamped by the in-
undation of foreign importations free of taxation.
"Why is this not the best policy, if the duties on
imports are sufficient for both State and Federal
Government? The money will be saved in the
pockets of the people as well as if the duties were
imposed and the people taxed directly.
Uut what shall we all come to at this rate, when
it becomes necessary to sustain a great standing
Army and Navy' We are now insulated from
the great Powers of Europe. "Wc have no Army
and Navy. Our Army is not equal to a London
police; and the President admits, that our Navy
is not ten per centum of that of Russia; but it is
large enough for us, because of our insulation and
our means of rallying, when necessary, our
militia and privateers. ' Mr. Jefferson was right.
"We can never keep up a great Army and Navy
except at the hazard of losing our free institu-
tions. We do keep up, however, an army of
oilice-holdeis for doing very little service on very
large salaries. We pay twice the price paid by ;
the States for the same services; and the States i
themselves pay twice as much as individuals have ]
to pay for the same.
Now, sir, if this extravagant expenditure of
the Federal Government is a great and growing
evil, what is our remedy? The idea of taking
off all the duties upon imports, with a trifling ex-
ception, and then resorting to direct taxation to
carry on*lie Government, is a thing so alien to
the common practicc of the world, and the com-
mon sense of everybody but metaphysicians,
that no man can think the people will consent
to it. I remember some years ago gentlemen
talked about abolishing the tariff, and resorting
to direct taxation to support the Government. I
believe a distinguished gentleman from South
Carolina (Mr. Calhoun) used to advocatc^ this
doctrine; but is there one single man of business
and practical habits in the country who has the
least idea that such a scheme can ever be real-
ized, at least in the present stage of our country's
progress > Not one. The remedy we want is this.
We ought to divide the surplus revenue received from
duties on imports, and from the sales of public lands,
anion* the States. I think it could be done by an
act of Congress, so that one half the net proceeds
should be paid over quarterly as fastas received,
into the State Treasuries, accoidingto their Fed-
eral representation. If we could get that schcmc
suited, and get it well in motion, we should find
a reform commenced immediately. It would be
found impracticable to enlarge the number of
officers to perform very little service. _ It would
be found impracticable to enlarge salaries all the
time fiom year to year. We should have econ-
omy reigning in our national Government, and
in the mean time the people would be gradually
leheved from direct taxes under the State govern-
ments, which have now to be paid to support these
governments, and make internal improvements
Now, whether this division of fhe proceeds of
the revenue, should be confined to times of peace, j
and leave it open in time of war, would be a ques- j;
tion worthy of consideration. I think it should !'
bo made applicable only to times of peace, so
Ilia', if the General Government should find a |,
necessity of having more revenue for unavoid- |i
able and necessary wars, they could take it. The |
effect of such a statute as that, if we could pass !
it—and wc have a precedent for it in General j
Jackson's time—would be to put a stop to a world !
of evils which we now suffer. There is no place
in the General Government but has got to be so
important on account of the pecuniary advant-
ages connected with it, that it helps to create an
excitement of party spirit all over the country.
This country is all divided into parties simply by
means of this very corrupting influence of the
Treasury. A celebrated nobleman in England,
Lord Brougham, a member of the House of Lords,
in the first volume of bis Political Philosophy—
which is in your Library—speaking of the eifect
of parties in the United States of America, says
it is the very extreme. He says they are continued
from one four years to another in a party squab-
ble to see which party shall get possession of the
Treasury under the presidential question; and
that it must, sooner or later, if not corrected,
prove the downfall of the Republic. I do not
quote him, of course, as conclusive authority;
but only to show that our example is exciting
[ the attention of the world.
The course I have indicated would put a check
to a good many evils. It would discourage many
of these filibustering operations we hear about
so often after more territory—more territory, sir.
One of the great difficulties which wc have to
combat now is the immense extent of territory
we have at the West, and the tendencyto disper-
sion of oui population all over the western world. [
Instead of building up, we are building nut, and
appropriating vast sums of money and vast quan-
tities of land in the West to the making of new
States. Would it not he as well to think a little
of our old homestead States, and see if something j
cannot be done for them ' Our great thorough-
fares, by railroad, from the East to the West,
serve chiefly to empty our old States of their
increasing population and wealth, from year to
year, and scatter them through the western wil-
derness; and that, xn turn, makes it necessary to
grant more lands and moneys there for railioads
and other improvements.
There is one doctrine of Scripture which the
politics of this country seem to have adopted, if
no other; and that is, the abandonment of selfish-
ness; for it is very difficulttoconceive of anation
which takes so little care of its homesteads—the
old States—and is all the time looking- to the new
States—to Kansas and New Mexico, and every
other place, for a new State in the wilderness—
instead of leaving them to grow up by the natural
onward course of events. So every candidate
for the Presidency must get up a character for
doing all he can to make new States. I have
not time now to go further into this question,
but I will state it more fully m my published
remarks.
I wish now to speak of one or two other tlungs.
Only see what an effect this immense receipt into
the Treasury of the United States has upon the
Government itself! Why, sir, it is destroying
the balance of power entirely between the United
States and the States. The States are like so many
paupers, always applying to this Government for
something or other, drumming up dormant claims,
and in various ways trying to draw something
out of an overflowing Treasury. Instead of the
States being on a perfect footing of equality and
independence with the Government of the Union,
they are seen with their hats under their arms,
in attendance at Washington, playing second
fiddle to this Government.
The connection of the national Government
with the States is now a good deal like a partner-
ship between thirty-one gentlemen, who should
put their stuff into the concern, and go on swim-
mingly as a firm, making great profits, but re-
fusing to make any dividends among themselves,
and in order to maintain their families, have to
run'into debt, and then cheat their butchers and
bakers out of their bills, just as Illinois and Mis-
sissippi had to stop payment.
But there is another tiling that shows up the
aggrandizement of the Union at the expense of
the States, and shows the growing ascendency
of the national Executive over the national Legis-
lature; in other words, the tendency to monarchy
in the Federal Government. It is this: every-
body knows that the Governor of a State is sim-
ply the officer elected to execute the laws. He
does not give force and character to the policy of
the State. The Legislature of the State originates
its policy, not the Executive. Some years ago
! we had 111 the State of New York a Governor by
■ the name of De Witt Clinton, who had consider-
{ able influence over the, public measures of the
; State; and yet we never attributed to him, or his
; administration, the policy carried out under him.
[ The canal policy was that of the people, or their
representatives. It was expected to be so with
the national Government by its framers; but how
do we find it? So far from it, that it has now
I censed to be a matter of much importance as to
j the qualifications of a candidate forCongress; but
; the great question is, whether he will support or
| oppose the Administration.
! "VVe have got now into that condition with our
' national Government where the balance ol p'ower
| is completely reversed, and where, instead of the
i Legislature being looked 10 as the supreme power
I to originate the policy and measures of the Gov-
\ eminent, as it was when it was first eonsiituted,
! it is all now to be done by the Executive, and the
Legislative has become, if not subservient, at
least only secondary and auxiliary to the Execu-
tive. Tt is now-a-days considered to be very
important to spend half the time in Congress
making Buncombe speeches and electioneering for
the Presidency. Montesquieu says somewhere,
that whenever a Legislature of a country becomes
subservient to the Executive, no matter what
name the government goes by, it is k monarchy.
And whenever the representatives of the people
here, through the agency of paity, become the
mere subservient supporters of an Administration,
then, it seems to me, we are on the rapid road to
monarchy. I believe Montesquieu says further,
somewhere, that the Briiish Government is a
republic under the disguise of a monarchy; and
I am afraid that sunn other Montesquieu will
very soon have to say that America is a monarchy
under the disguise of a republic. This evil
springs, sir, out of the immense patronage of the
President.
Sir, what is the amount of this patronage > Not
less than $200,000,000 a year. What a tremen-
dous corrupting influence that is ! I am not cen-
suring the present Administration for all this;
because President Pierce did not begin it; his ad-
ministration is only one link in the chain. We have
been drifting for many years towards this stateof
things. The patronage of the national Govern-
ment5 corrupts the press, and corrupts the people,
corrupts the State governments, and corrupts the
members of Congress. About two years ago, 1
saw an advertisement in the Union newspaper of
this city, that no person who voted against a cer-
tain bill could expect his fiiends to be retained
m any Department of the Government. A certain
g( ntlemau—a member of this House, witb whom
1 was well acquainted, and who had expressed
' himself to me in strong terms against that bill,
! turned clear round within three days, and voted
I otherwise. And 1 knew all the time, that he had
| a relative in one of the Departments at a salary
of ^1,400.
But, sir, here is another thing gomg to show
that the executive branch of the Federal Govern-
ment has drifted far away from its first moorings.
I am not accusing any particular Administration
or officer. I am not sure but this may have begun
under General Wasliington. It was, at all events,
a great mistake. The Constitution requires that
persons nominated for office by the President
shall be confirmed by the consent of the Senate.
The Constitution does not expressly say how
they shall be removed; but does any gentleman
doubt its spirit and meaning—that if we had now
to foim a new constitution, should we require
appointments to be confirmed by the Senate, and
yet give the President the ]iower of dimiasal
without the consent of the_ Senate' Just see
what that construction of the Constitution,
allowing removals by th^ Executive alone, with-
out the'Senate, has lead us to. It is the moving
power of party spirit, and the great object of party
combinations.
