2044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
The very'fact, that the President has power to
remove everybody from office without cause
shown, is conclusive proof of, his power to con-
trol political opinion through them and their
friends. It is a power which leads to that violent
party action which prevails everywhere in this
country, and which has become so dangerous
even to the Union itself. If we had adhered to
the original, plain import of the Constitution,
and the President had claimed only the power of
suspending officers until a meeting of Congress,
and then required the consent of the Senate for
their removal, it would have taken from party
machinery its moving power. It would then
have been a difficult thing to remove any officer
cxcept for incompetency and dereliction of duty,
and we should have been relieved from this con-
tinual change of office-holders every four years
for party purposes. Whenever a new President
is elected, everything is changed, bccause that is
■what the party fought for. To the victors belong
the spoils I
But that is not all. The power of the President
is not only increased by the enormous patronage
which he exercises—and his patronage is as great,
if not greater than that of any other one man liv-
ing—but it is increased from another source; I
will not call it usurpation, but a power of much
freater magnitude than people generally imagine.
allude to the message power. The Constitution
makes it the duty of the President to make a
report or statement of the situation of the public
affairsatthemceting'of each session of Congress,
and to recommend such measures as ho may deem
expedient. Well, sir, there is nothing extraor-
dinary or unusual in that. The same tiling is
done by the heads of the Government in France,
in England, and in other Governments; but m
those countries the messages are required to
be brief, and confined to a simple statement of
facts,and brief suggestion of measures. Wash-
ington understood what was expected of him, as
President, by the framers of the Constitution,
and his messages were rarely more than short
hints, brief statements, and brief suggestions.
But now this power is earned to such an extent,
that the President and the heads of the several
Departments, who sympathize with him, act
together in getting up a message, and not only
give a detailed account of the/condition of the
eoumry, and specific announcement of measures,
but an eiaboiaie urg anient upon every point, pa-
rading a sort of party platform to be adopted.
And what is the elfect? The message goes to the
country unanswered; and you cannot expect the
people to keep their minds open and unbiased
until they have an opportunity of reading the
scattered replies from individual members of
Congress many months afterwards. In the days
of General Washington, the President's message
was always accompanied by the answer of the
two Houses. Hut, now, this wholesome practice
is discontinued, and the message power has grown
into a great party engine over the people as well
as the Congress.
It seems to me that this power is too vast. It
ought to be limited to a simple statement of facts,
and the suggestion of measures, without argu-
ment or comment, and always to be answered by
the two Houses.
The English people have always been exceed-
ingly jealous of tins message power; and for that
reason the Hou.se of Commons would never allow
the King to make a long, set speech, or do moie
than to present n simple .statement of facts, and
brief suggestion of measures. They would never
allow fum, by the aid of his ministers, to make
an elaborate argument to go to the people unan-
swered. But in this country, the representatives
of the people are become so subservient to the
executive recommendations unanswered, that even
in this House nothing can be carried, in the shape
of an appropriation, until wc ascertain whether
it has been recommended by the Executive, or
Rome of the Executive Departments.
There should certainly be a harmonious un-
derstanding between the Executive Departments
and the Legislature; we want their knowledge of
facts, and should always obtain it; we need, too,
all the reports from the Departments accompany-
ing the message; but those are enough. But the
message itself should be short, and never go to the
country unanswered by Congress, if we mean to
preserve the power and influence of the Legisla-
ture, and save the country from sliding into a
monarchy, or something worse.
But all this is trifling, compared to the patron-
age of the Executive. It is this that creates and
perpetuates party power, corrupting everything
it touches; corrupts the press, the people, the Con-
gress, the State Governments, and prostrates the
national Legislature at the feet of the national
Executive. It corrupts the morals even of the
people themselves, and perverts the moral sense
of the nation.
Mr. CADWALADER. In a debate, which
occurred in the first week of January last, I
made a few remarks in reply to some observa-
tion of my colleague, [Mr. Broom,] on the sub-
ject of the Philadelphia riots of 1844. I under-
stand that, in the course of the last week, while
the House was in Committee of the Whole, in
evening session, for^general debate, my col-
league made an elaborate rejoinder to my re-
marks which had thus been made seven months
before. I was not so fortunate as to be present
when the speech of my colleague was delivered.
I have looked from day to day, for a week,
for its publication, but have not as yet had the
pleasure of seeing it in print. This I regret, be-
cause the present is probably the last session of
the House for general debate, and the last occa-
sion before the adjournment when I could have
obtained an opportunity of expressing my views
upon any parts of his speech which might have
required notice on my part. Not having heard
it, or had an opportu; ity of reading it, 1 merely
desire that the report of our debates may. indi-
cate the cause of my not having made a reply, if
the speech, when published, should appear to
have required one.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I do not rise to
make a speech upon general politics. If any
gentleman present desires to make a speech, I
have no motion to make, and will yield the floor.
There seems to be no member who desires to
speak on the general politics of the country, and
I therefore propose that the committee do now
rise, and report to the House the resolutions in-
troduced by me at an early part of the session,
referring the various parts of the President's
annual message to their appropriate committees.
Mr. WALKER. It seems to me that the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio ought not to
be indorsed by the action of this committee this
evening, for the reason that there has been a tacit
understanding, on the part of members, that in
these evening sessions nothing in the shape of
business should be transacted. In my judgment,
the motion made by the gentleman necessarily
involves a matter of business. There is no
quorum here.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will say to the gentle-
man from Ababama, who, I understand from his
remarks of the other evening, to which I listened
with pleasure, is a late convert to the present
Administration and its proposed Democratic suc-
cession, that 1 make this motion to rise and re-
port more out of respect to the presidential office
than to the matter contained in the message under
consideration. When the annual message was
read in the House, it way my duty, as chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, accord-
ing to the uniform custom, to move the usual
resolution referring its various poilions to the
appropriate committees of the House. I did so,
and these resolutions are now pending, and the
only business before the committee. This is the
first time for several months when 1 could, under
the rules, make the motion to report them to the
House.
We are not acting to-night under the resolu-
tion to which the gentleman has alluded. This,
so far as any order of the House is concerned,
may be regarded as a business session of the
committee. Still I wish it understood, that I
desire to take no advantage of any understanding
in reference to this matter. If the gentleman
from Alabama, acting, as I understand he does,
in concert with the friends of the Administration,
objects to my motion, I will not insist on it. I
merely rise for the purpose of discharging what
1 consider to be my duty, out of respect to the
presidential office, rather than the matter of the
message.
Mr. WALKER. Has the gentleman finished
what he has to sav ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will yield to the gentle-
man. He can go on and make his remarks. I
will still retain the floor.
Mr. WALKER. It is my purpose to reply
to the gentleman, and if he has not finished what
he designs saying I will respectfully wait for him
to do so. I hope I will be allowed to have the
floor when the gentleman has finished.
Mr. CAMPBELL. As I have already stated,
I do not rise for the purpose of discussing polit-
ical subjects or the merits of the resolutions.
When I submitted the motion, that the commit-
tee rise and report the resolutions referring the
President's annual message, I did so, presuming
there was no other member who desired to be
heard on general politics.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Chairman, I am in the
habit of judging men by the animus which prompts
what they say. I think I cannot be misled by
the mere suavitur in modo; and I will say that I
could not but be amused with the attempt made
by the gentleman from Ohio to delude this com-
mittee, and through the committee the country,
with the idea, that his motion to rise and report
the annual message of the President was made
out of respect for the presidential office. I take
it, sir, that the respect one man has for another
is to be ascertained by his general line of conduct;
and I ask my friend from Ohio to put his finger
on a single act or vote of his at this session which
demonstrates to the House and the country that
he entertains for the President the respect which
he would fain have us believe to-night?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I stated very distinctly,
that it was out of respect to the office, and not to
the matter of the message. The gentleman from
Alabama knows full well, as does every member
of this committee, that at home and here, in ref-
erence to general politics, I have avowed myself
the uncompromising foe of the present Adminis-
tration. I have not carried false colors. I have
not, thank God, voted to sustain the policy of
this Administration. I have been its political
enemy. I have no personal difficulty with the
Administration, or any of its members, I believe.
But politically, I tell the gentleman from Alaba-
ma, I am now,,as I have been from its incoming,
its uncompromising opponent. Its policy has
brought much of irreparable wrong upon our
country. You understand my position?
Mr. WALKER. Fully. It is precisely where
I placed the gentleman.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have never been in any
doubtful position in regard to it.
Mr. WALKER. He attempts to draw a dis-
tinction, so far as action is concerned, between
the man and the station. Now, sir, you and I
remember the struggle which ensued during the
attempt to orgaiuzo'this House, when the Presi-
dent's annual message was sent in. That was
not a thing by which the character of the man
was to be ascertained, or by which the estima-
tion in which he was held upon this floor as a
man was concerned, but it was a governmental
and official act, and, as such, if the gentleman
from Ohio had been governed by that distinction,
he would not have taken the course which he
then did.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman from Ala-
bama ought to know, and if he does not know,
the record will show the fact, that I introduced the
usual resolution referring this message, and giving
it all the courtesy to which it was entitled" from
the House. But the House itself and the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
have up to this time refused to give it a reference;
and the gentleman from Alabama himself makes
objection now to that reference which is usually
given to the annual message of the President of
the United States
Mr. WALKER. That matter should be set-
tled by the Journal, and I leave it to the record.
Now, passing from this thing, with which I
have nothing to do, and coming down to the al-
lusion he thought proper to make to myself, I
have this to say: when my friend from Ohio says,
in reference to the remarks I made the other
night, that I was a new convert to the Adminis-
tration, I can only say that he either did not hear
me, or, if he did hear me, he certainly heard mo
say what I never dreamed of saying. If I remem-
ber aright, I made no allusion whatever to the
Administration or its policy. I confined myself
! entirely to the consideration of the question,what
line of action I should take, not only as a south-
