434
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 28,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Brown.
Senate.
own views on this point. I hold that the rights
of sovereignty over the Territories never having
been delegated to Congress are, in the language
of Uie Constitution, reserved to the States, or to
the people of the Slates.
When the Constitution was framed, there were
no such people as the people of the Territories.
The people spoken of in the Constitution must,
therefore, have been the people of the States, for
there was none other.
The sovereignty being in the States or in the
people, Massachusetts must retain hef part, New
York hers, Tennessee hers, Mississippi hers, and
all the other States their parts respectively, to be
held and exercised jointlyuntiltheTerritory, with
the requisite population, legally and constitution- ;
ally ascertained, and with a republican form of ,
government, asks admission into the Union as a
State. As she steps into the Union, she becomes
coequal witli the other States, and, to instanti, the
sovereignty passes from the States as they now
exist into the new State.
It will be seen at once that I make a wide dif-
ference between exts/in^and incipient States. On
this point, I believe, the practice of the Govern-
ment has been right. That practice has marked
the difference in broad and legible characters be-
tween States and Territories. The existing State*
have always elected their own Governors, ap-
pointed their own judges, and no man in his wild-
est fancies has ever dreamed of having a State
send up her laws for the approval of Congress.
The sovereignty of the States has been manifested
in the full and unrestrained freedom with which
they have acted on all these points. Exactly
the contrary has been true in reference to incip-
ient States or Territories. Whenever they have
acted,ithas been in subordination to the authority
of Congress—a subordination which, at once, in
myjudgment, destroys all idea of sovereignty.
The President's annual message to Congress,
I am glad to say, is marked by a boldness and
originality of thought and a frankness of expres-
sion that challenges and receives the tribute of
my sincere admiration. In that paper he declares
that " the country has been awakened to a per-
ception of the constitutional principle of leaving
the matter (slavery) to the discretion of the re-
spective existing and incipient States." I have
no criticism to make on this language; I quote it
only to say, that if, by an incipient State, the
President means a Territory with the requisite
population to entitle it to one Representative law-
fully ascertained, and in the act of forming a con-
stitution preparatory to admission into the Union
as a State, then I agree with him fully, entirely,
and cordially. Such an incipient State has the
right to settle the slavery question for herself.
There can remain but one act necessary to the
perfection of that right, and that is, her actual
admission as a State. If Congress, however,
should exclude her, her action in regard to slavery j
would fall with the rest of her constitution. She
would, in that case, resume her position as a Ter-
ritory. There can be no such thing as a State
out of the Union.
I take this occasion to declare before the Senate,
that a Territory asking admission into the Union
as a State ought not to be excluded on the ground
that her constitution admits or prohibits slavery.
If, in all other respects, she is prepared for admis-
sion, it would be a monstrous outrage to exclude
her on account of the pro or anti-slavery feature
in her proposed constitution.
_ I have not denied, and do not mean to deny, the
right of self-government. W e may differ as to what
constitutes self-government; but I will go as far
as any other man in maintaining the right. Do ;
you ask me what, in my opinion, the people of a
Territory have a right to do ? I answer, unhesi-
tatingly, they may do whatever is necessary to
protect the public morals, or insure the public
safety. Thus: the Territory may require spirit-
uous liquors taken there from Ohio to be so kept
and so used as that the public morals may not
suffer thereby; and it may require a vicious ani-
mal taken from another State to be impounded,
or so disposed of as that the public safety may
not be endangered. And, upon the same princi-
ple,! admit it to be within the competency of the
Territorial Legislature to regulate the use of slave
property. To regulate, however, is one thing;
to destroy, without cause, and in simple obedience
to public prejudice, is another and a very differ-
ent thing.
It is competent for the sovereign to say what
is and what is not property within his dominions.
It will require the highest attributes of sover-
eignty, however, to cfetermine so important a
question as this—attributes, in myjudgment, far
above those that belong to this Congress, or to
the Territories—attributes which are inherent in
the States, and not having been delegated are yet
in the States, and nowhere else.
I have spoken of slaves simply as property,
because it is in that relation that they will go to
the Territory, if they go there at all. Considered
as persons only, there would perhaps be no effort
made to exclude them. The relations between
master and slave, parent and child, husband and
wife, are all proper subjects of legislative regula-
tion; but no one of them more than another is a
proper subject for legislative distinction. It would
be a monstrous exercise of power to dissolve all
the matrimonial ties in a Territory, and absolve all
the children from obedience to their parents; and
yet it would require no greater power to do this
than it would to break what is flippantly called
i the fetters that bind a slave to his master.
Am I asked if there is no power—no right any-
where to abolish or prohibit slavery in the Terri-
tories ? I answer emphatically that there is. It
is in the States. A Territory is common ground.
The States meet there as equals. No one has
rights superior to another. Soiong as the equality
can be maintained and good faith preserved, no pro-
hibitory or other act against slavery is necessary.
If divisions spring up and discord takes the place
of harmony, then one of two things may be done;
and either, in my judgment, will be consistent
with the obligations, rights, and duties of all the
parties to the compact of our Union.
I do not mean to say that either of these reme-
dies ought to be resorted to. On the contrary, 1
should deprecate a resort to either; I only say
that either may be resorted to. If there shall ever
be a necessity for either, the days of the Union,
in my opinion, will be numbered.
If the States cannot occupy the territory jointly,
the first and best remedy is to divide it. This
may be done by a compact between the States.
The compact, however, must be made by the
States so acting in concert as to give the force
and effect of a constitutional obligation to their
expressed will. It cannot be done by Congress
nor by the State Legislatures. Congress may
propose, and the States, speaking through their
Legislatures, may ratify, an agreement, and thus
give it the force and binding obligations of a
compact. The States, acting through a conven-
tion of delegates so chosen as to represent the
! sovereignty, could make a compact. But as
i neither Congress nor the State Legislatures rep-
I resent the sovereignty, neither can make a com-
1 pact that would be binding on the States.
The Missouri compromise, though passed by
Congress and acquiesced in for a long time by the
States, was never a compact, not having received
at any time the sanction of the States with a view
to make it so. I do not mean to say that com-
pacts are provided for in the Constitution; but I
do mean to say that, looking to the nature and
structure of our Government, it is my opinion
that agreements may be entered into between the
i States that will be of higher authority than mere
i legislative enactments, and yet of lower dignity
than a written constitution. If a compact, sucn
as I have mentioned, cannot be made, and dis-
cord continues to reign, the next and only re-
maining remedy is to prohibit or abolish slavery
in the Territories, as you would do it in the States J
by a change of the Federal Constitution. The
mode is pointed out in the fifth article of the
Constitution, in these words:
_ " The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary,jshall propose amendments to this
Constitution, or, on the application of the Legislatures of
two thirds of the several States, shall call a convention for
proposing amendments, which, in either ease, shall be
valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitu-
tion, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of
the several States, or by conventions in three fourths thereof,
as the one or the other mode of ratification may be proposed
by the Congress: Provided, that no amendment, which may
be made prior to the year 1808, shall in any manner affect
the first and fourth clauses in the ninth section of the first
article; and that no State, without its consent, shall be
deprived of its equal suffrage in tbe Senate."
If it shall be said that this is a plan of imprac-
ticable execution, I reply, it is so " nominated in
the bond"—the bond of our Union, the bond of
our safety—and I would not demand of you the
pound of flesh, I will yield nothing to your de-
mands that is not "nominated in the bond."
I utterly deny the power of Congress over
slavery in the Territories. The majority report
of the committee, in myjudgment, takes the true
ground, to wit: that Congress derives its power
to make laws for the Territories from that clause
in the Constitution which gives it the right to
admit new States. If Congress has the substan-
tive power to admit a new State, it follows, as a
necessary incident, that it has the right to pre-
pare the State for admission; but in thus prepar-
ing a State, it will be an assumption of power not
warranted by the grant, to take advantage of her
weak and dependent condition, and to shape and
mold her institutions as to force her nolens volens,
to take sides with one or the other of the parties
to a sectional contest.
It was to avoid all suspicion of foul injustice
like this to the Territory, as well as for the pur-
pose of steering clear of an unhappy and unnat-
ural sectional conflict, that the Kansas bill de-
clared it to be " the true intent and meaning of
this act not to legislate slavery into any State or
Territory, nor to exclude it therefrom; but to
leave the people thereof perfectly free to form
and regulate their domestic institutions in their
own way, subject ohly to the Constitution."
I concur fully with the able Senator from Illi-
nois in saying that the inhabitants of Kansas,
during their territorial existence, "are entitled to
enjoy and exercise all the privileges and rights of
self-government, in subordination to the Consti-
tution of the United States, and in obedience to
their organic law, passed by Congress in pursu-
ance of that instrument." I would leave the
people there perfectly free to regulate their do-
mestic affairs in their own way, subject to the
Constitution and their organic law. But I can
never admit that the power to regulate carries
with it the right to destroy; or that the people
of a Territory, having the right to regulate an
institution within then: limits, have necessarily,
or by any fair inference, the right to exclude that
institution from the Territory. And in this view
of the subject I am sustained, I think, by the
luminous and powerful report of the Senator
[Mr. Douglas] who introduced the bill. The
Senator indicates in that report that Congress has
i no power -to exclude from the Territories the
domestic institutions of the States; and that the
Territories,deriving their legislative powers solely
from the Constitution, through the acts of Con-
gress, can, of course, do nothing which they are
not empowered to do, either by the Constitution
or by Congress. But it is better, perhaps, to
take the very words of the report. It says:
" The organic act of the Territory, deriving its validity
from the power of Congress to admit new States, must con-
tain no provision or restriction which would destroy or
impair the equality of the proposed State with the original
States, or impose any limitation upon its sovereignty which
the Constitution has not placed on all the States. So far as
the organization of a Territory may be necessary and
proper as a means of carrying into effect the provision of
the Constitution for the admission of new States, and when
exercised with reference only to that end, the power of Con-
gress is clear and explicit; but beyond that point the power
cannot extend, for the reason that all' powers not delegated
to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by
it to tbe States, are reserved to the States, respectively, or
to the people.' In other words, the organic law of the Ter-
ritory, conforming to the spirit of the grant from which it
receives its validity, must leave the people entirely free to
form and regulate their domestic institutions and internal
concerns in their own way, subject only to the Constitution
of the United States, to the end that when they attain the
requitite population, and establish a State government in
conformity to the Federal Constitution, they may be admitted
into the Union on an equal footing with the original States,
in all respects whatsoever."
This explanation is apposite and conclusive.
It denies to Congress the constitutional power to
go further than to give an organic law to the Ter-
ritory; and it "places the denial on the impreg-
nable basis of leaving the new State which is to
grow out of the Territory " at perfect liberty to
seek admission into the union on an equal foot-
ing with the original States in all respects what-
soever." States have been admitted as non-
