441
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 18,
an increased number of copies of the agricultural
portion of the Patent Office report is desired. I
therefore submit the motion that the resolution
be recommitted to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope it will not be recom-
mitted.
Mr. NICHOLS. I hope not, too.
Mr. KEITT. If anything,Mr. Speaker, could
demonstrate the propriety of the suggestion of
t2ie gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] I
thinK this debate ought to do so. Where do we
stand, sir? On the subject of the publication of
the Patent Office reports, subdivided into mechan-
ical and agricultural. What is the subject of
contention? It is, whether gentlemen shall de-
termine how many copies they will each take of
one kind or the other.
Now, sir, let us examine the suggestion of the
fcntleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Clingman.]
le says he wants but a few copies of the me-
chanical report, and a considerable number of
copies of the agricultural report. He says that
one kind is useful in his district, and the other
kind not useful. His suggestion is objected to
on the other side; and they say, "You must take
such as you get." And then, sir, what follows?
Why a very small number of these documents to
be printed will be useful, and therefore a heavy
expense will be entailed on the Government for
that which is, in the estimation of the gentleman,
useless. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Haven] says that the mechanics of the country
are taxed heavily for the building of the Patent
Office, and for their contributions to the expenses
of the Government, and he asks that their inter-
ests be looked after. How many of them are
therein the country? You propose to publish
how many of these documents ? Fifty thousand.
Are there no more than fifty thousand mechanics
in the country? Are there not more than ten
times fifty thousand ? Are you, then, serving these
mechamcalinterestsinthat fostering way in which
it is said we should do by publishing lifty thou-
sand copies ? Arc you not rather establishing a
system of favoritism? Gentlemen say that they
want fifty thousand copies of the agricultural
report printed. Why, are there no more than
twenty, or thirty, or fifty times iifty thousand
agriculturists in the country? What are you
doing then ? Aie you not, then, discriminating be-
tween them? And more than that, are you not,
by adopting- the proposition of the gentleman
from North Carolina, discriminating between the
agriculturists and the mechanics ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman will
allow me, I will say that [ am utterly opposed
to printing this or any other document by the
House for distribution in the country. My imp-
osition only had reference to the distribution of a
document that is to be ordered to be printed. If
the question were to come up as to its panting
at all, I should vole against it.
Mr. KEITT. I think, if the House is determ-
ined to print these documents, it had better adopt
the suggestion of my honorable colleague from
South Carolina, [Mr. Onn.] He says it would
cost but little more to print fifty thousand than
thirty thousand; that the type would not have
to be reset; and that we should have to pay little
more than the cost of the paper. Why, on the
same reasoning, we had better prmtfive miliums.
That is the legitimate conclusion to which the
argument of my colleague leads. The expense,
he says, of twenty thousand copies more would be
so little that you had better print them. If that
be so, you had better not discriminate between
the mechanics of the country, but print enough
copies to give one to each man.
Sir, I am opposed to this whole system of con-
gressional punting of documents not connected !
with our legislative duties. I am opposed, so 1
far as 1 am advised, to the printing by the House i
of any single document that is not absolutely '
necessary to the discharge of our congressional
duties. Fifty thousand dollars or one hundred
thousand dollais expended here, in the printing
of these documents to be distributed, will neither
subservenor retard the agricultural or mechanical
interests of the country. They are great and
vital interests, and will take care of themselves.
And, sir, I appeal to gentlemen heie now to say
how, m what manner, and to what extent, these
documents have been distributed? Gentlemen
talk about trading. 1 believe the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Nichols] recommended that members
should trade off copies of one part of the report for
those of the other. Sir, I want no trading here.
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman from South
Carolina must certainly have misunderstood me;
I have made no suggestions in respect to trading.
Mr. KEITT. Then I misunderstood the gen-
tleman; of course, his explanation is sufficient.
I understood him to say to the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] that we had bet-
ter print them as we had been in the habit of
doing; and then, if gentlemen wanted more of one
part and less of the other than their regular num-
ber, they should exchange.
But, sir, I do not object to this debate. I do
not mean to discriminate between my constit-
uents. I do not moan to say whether I want
agricultural or mechanical reports; nor do I pro-
pose to go further into this debate than to express
my entire dissent to this whole proceeding. 1
object to turning this Government into a book-
making establishment. I would exclude from the
public printing every document whatever not di-
rectly connected with our actual duties.
At the same time I say I do not object to this
discussion. My friend from Virginia [Mr. Mc-
Mullin] says we must take care of the agricul-
tural interests of the country. I admire the pur-
pose of the gentleman to take care of those inter-
ests in the section from which he comes; for,
judging from the constitution of this Committee
on Printing, that section has not been recognized
as having any existence. I observe that one
member of that committee comes from Ohio, one
from New York, and the other from New Hamp-
shire. All these gentlemen are from one section
of the country; and if gentlemen from the other
section do not take care of their own interests,
they will not be likely to he. taken care of.
Mr. NICHOLS. I believe tliis debate has
gone on lon<* enough. We have had a practical
exemplification of the doctrine that we arc book-
makers. We have already had discussion enough
to till a moderate-sized primer. I think this debate
has gone on far enough; and therefore, having the
floor, I move the previous question.
Mr. HOLLO WAY. I hone the gentleman
will withdraw his demand, to enable me to offer
an amendment.
Mr. NICHOLS. I nm actuated simply by con-
siderations of public duty. 1 think we nave had
debate enough upon this subject, and decline to
withdraw the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. STEPHENS. I demand the yeas and
nays upon th^ adoption of the resolution.
Mr. McMULLIN. What has become of my
motion to recommit?
The SPEAKER. It is still pending.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Is the motion to
increase the number also pending?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. WASHBURN, ofMainc. 1 demand tellers
upon the motion to commit.
Tellers weie ordered, and Messrs. Washburn
of Maine, and Walkku, woie appointed.
The question was taken upon Mr. McM ullin's
motion; and the, tellers reported—ayes 42; noes
70.
So the resolution was not recommitted to the
Committee on Printing.
The question recurred on Mr. Haven's amend-
ment, that in the place of "fifty," " thirty" be
substituted.
Mr. STEPHENS. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question way taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 52; as follows:
YEA;?— Messrs. Harbour, Iieniy Bennett, ftons-on, !" .!-
Hncrhui^t, Btnyliam, Bishop, Rretiton. Broom, Burhngame,
Cadwalad'T, John (\ Campbell, Lewis J) Ciimplvll, Ca-
rufiieii?, JJavaid CUu k, I'law^on, Colfax, Comui>. Cullen,
Cumbriek, Jlcniv Winter Da.vis, Duan, Uiek, Dickson,
Do eld. Dunn, Edward*. English, Etbend^e, Evaiu<, Flor-
ence, Thomas J. D. Fullei, GhMinsp, Grander, Augustus
Halt, Robeit B. Hall, J.Moai&on H«nuf, Thomas L Harris,
Harrison, Haven, Hickman, Hollowav, Thomas It. Ilor-
ton. Hiujhi-ton, Ivekev, Kennert, Knapp, Kmijiit, Kuok,
L<ntet, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Meacham. KjIIiuu
Miller, Pnnth Millar, Mors<m, Moinll, Norton, Andrew
Olivoi, Orr, Paiker. Pike, Potter, Pimple, Pmvianec, Pi-
caud, Ritchie, ilsveiv, Kobison. SaEmi, rfapp, Seotr, Sim-
mons, jSte\vait,tftiai]ahan,Thoimgton, Tiiui aton, Trat'ton,
Tjson.Vail, Wade.Wakemau, Walbndge, HIlihuB. Wa=h-
I bujne, Israel Wa&bbuiii, Woodruff,and WoedwoiUi—So.
NAYS — Messid. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, I-Iendley S.
Bennett, Bliss, Bovcc, Branch, Brooks, Clmgman, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cohb, Cinjge, Crawford, Davidson, Dow-
dell, Faulkner, Flagler, Fosiei, Gioenwood, Grow, Samp-
son W. Harris, Ilousion, Jewett, fiporge W. Jones. Keitt,
Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, McMullni,
Milison, Mott, Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Perry, Phelps,
Purycar, Quitman, Uufim, Seward, Sherman, Shoiter,
William Smith, Stephen*, Swope, Taylor, Waldron, Walk-
ei, Walking, Winslow, Daniel B. Wnght, John V. Wriglit,
and Zollieoffer—52.
So the amendment was adopted.
Ponding the call of the roll,
Mr. BURLINGAME stated that his colleague,
Mr. Rltfinton, had paired off with Mr. Eustis.
Mr. MORGAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Murray, had paired off with Mr. Williams.
Mr. WATSON stated that he had paired oif
with Mr. Cobb, of Georgia.
Mr. WOODWORTH (when his name was
called) said: Mr. Speaker, 1 was absent from the
House on Thursday last, when a vote was taken
on the reference of the President's Kansas mes-
sage to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. My absence was on account of
sickness*, and I now rise to say, that had I been
present, I would have voted in the negative.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the res-
olution was adopted; and that that motion be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CORRECTION OF THE REPORTS.
Mr. HICKMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. It has been brought to my notice that, in
the 129th vote for Speaker, as published in the
Daily Globe, my name is not recorded. I did
vote, and cast my vote for Mr. Orr. of South
Carolina. I understand that in this matter the
Joumnl is correct.
The SPEAKER. The Journal is correct.
CONTESTED ELECTIONS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I present the me-
morial of P. 33. Fouke, who claims to be legally
elected to this House from the eighth congres-
sional district of Illinois. I do not ask for the
reading of llie memorial, as it is somewhat lengthy,
but move that it be referred to the Committee on
Elections, and ordeied to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I also present the
memorial of G. Jay S. Turney, who claims to be
elected to this House from the ninth congres-
sional district of Illinois, in placc of Samuel S.
Marshall, the sitting member. I move that it
be referred to the Committee on Elections, and
ordered to be printed. I will add, in this con-
nection, that I present these memorials without
expressing any opinion on the points involved in
them.
The motion was agreed to.
FURTHER CORRECTION.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker,
I rise to a privileged question. My attention has
been called to the action of this House of the 4th,
5th, and 6th of December, 1855; and upon exam-
ination 1 find the name of Henry S. Bennett re-
corded, as reported m the Congressional Globe on
the eighth and tenth ballotings, as having voted
for Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, tor Speaker; and on
the 6th day of December, 1855, on the twentieth
balloting, I find the name of Henry S. Bennett
recorded as having voted for N. P. Banks, of Mas-
sachusetts. I have never voted for either of the
gentlemen for Speaker, and desire that the Jour-
nals may be corrected.
1 deem it proper to state, in this connection,
that I did not reach Washington until the 7th of
December, and the first vote I cast was for Wil-
liam A. Richardson, of Illinois, for whom I con-
tinued to vote until he unconditionally withdrew
his name. It has been my practice to look over
the reports and see that my name was properly
recorded; but I did not deem it necessary to look
over the reports for the purpose of placing myself
right previous to my getting to the city and taking
my seat as a member.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the Journal is correct.
RET.TEF OF THE POOR OF THE DISTRICT.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take from the table,
and put on its passage, without reference to a
committee, the resolution of the Senate for the
