1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2045
em born and a southern raised man, but as one
who at all times would place his hands upon the
horns of the altar of our Constitution—as one who
in these dark and perilous times would make an
effort, and an honest effort, to draw himself far
above the whirlpool of partyism—as one who fan-
cies he still hears the echo of the footsteps of the
heroic fathers, as they sound along the corridor
of time? My effort then was to place myself right
here—to place myself right before my own peo-
ple. I endeavored then to take a calm, clear, and
unimpassioned view of the whole political field.
I sought to make no scctional speech. I sought
to avoid speaking in a censorious spirit. I think,
if I remember what I said, I indulged in no vitu-
peration towards northern gentlemen. I spoke
in no boastful spirit of the character or temper of
my own section. My effort was, as far as I could,
to call men back to the lessons of their earlier days,
when their love of country was fresh, and en-
deavor to win them from mere party, in the hopeful
spirit that they might join me in the great and
glorious endeavor to diive from these Hails the
dark demon of party back to his unholy den.
If I know myself, this was the spirit and the
only spirit which prompted me to speak that
night. I think my acts upon this floor have
shown—atleastl trust they have, and if they have
not, 1 have done myself an unintentional injus-
tice—I trust my acts, my general bearing, "my
votes in this House have shown, that I have not
yet surlc into the low character of a mere parti-
san. I trust I have been governed by higher and
loftier impulses. I have doubtless committed
errors—have given hasty votes, though my name
here and there appears upon our records, which
in the course of time must become historical in
our country—that here and there my name ap-
pears indorsing this measure and that which
nereaftcr may turn out to be unwise and wrong;
yet, sir, I have endeavored to do what I believed
for the time being was right and proper, what be-
came me as a man, what I was called upon to do
or say as the representative of an honest and
enlightened constituency. Why should we taunt
each other? Why, .because the other night, after
I had taken a calm and deliberate survey of the
entire field—after I had waited weeks and months
watching the motives of this and that leading
man in the country, and listening to what was
said by the supporters of these men, and the
leaders of the parties in tins House, m the hopeful
spirit that, after noting all these demonstrations,
1 had deliberately made up my mind to the conclu-
sion, that not only as a southern man, but as one
cherishing a reverence for our Federal Constitu-
tion, I was constrained to sever my late party
affiliations, and to ally myself to an antagonistic
party. I ask. sir, wliy should that, to the mind
of any man, open the door to anything like an
impeachment of motives? I think no man can
rise in his place to-night and say, that from the
third of last December up to this hour I have
not been governed by parliamentary courtesy in
the debates in which I have participated.
Now, Air. Chairman, when I rose to-night and
objected to the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio, I did not dream of being led into any debate.
My reason for objecting was that these evening
sessions had been granted by the indulgence of
the House for the avowed purpose of allowing
gentlemen—to use a common phrase employed
by the gentleman from Ohio—to define their po-
sition on the presidential election. The House,
in granting this indulgence, never supposed that
the committee would undertake to transact any-
thing in the form of business. Now, I take it for
granted that the reference of the President's mes-
sage is n mere matter of form; but if the commit-
tee be called on to vote upon his proposition,
either in the affirmative or negative, that vote in-
volves necessarily the transaction of business.
And without intending—as a matter of course-
to give offense to the gentleman from Ohio, I
must say that it is, in my judgment, an act not
of good faith toward the committee. For that
reason, and for that alone, I objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will repeat again what
I said a while ago, that the resolution providing
for evening sessions, at which no business should
bo done, terminated in the forepart of tins week;
so that this is really—so far as the committee
is concerned—as much a business session of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
as that was a business session in which we passed
an appropriation bill amounting to some eleven
millions of dollars. Now, I care but little about
it; and I want gentlemen to understand that I
have shown a disposition to treat the annual
message of the President, as it usually has been
treated, with that courtesy which is due to that
official document. Therefore I propose to take
it out of committee and have it distributed to
committees. But if the friends, either of the
present Administration or of the candidates whom
they hope to elect—connected as they are by in-
separable ligaments—do not wish this courtesy
extended to the President, I, of course, shall not
insist upon it.
Mr. WALKER. This is not the first time
that the committee or the House have been satis-
fied of the Chesterfieldian raising and manner of
the gentleman from Ohio, and he knows well how
to use it in his political movements. Now, Mr.
Chairman, the gentleman from Ohio says he is
governed in his motion by the respect which he
holds to the office of President 
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) And in the
discharge of my duty as chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—both.
Mr. WALKER. I will not say that the last
is an afterthought. The gentleman speaks of
those " inseparable ligaments"—I think that was
his language—which, like the Siamese twins,
united the friends of the Administration with
those gentlemen who, for the time being, are
working with them, so far as the presidential
election is concerned. Now, I do not exactly
know where the gentleman plants himself.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am against Buchanan.
Mr. WALKER. Undoubtedly; but I doubt
very much whether his own colleague from the
Ashtabula district [Mr. Giddings] could tell us,
if he were here, whether the gentleman is for
Mr. Fremont or for Mr. somebody else. How-
ever, I will say to the gentleman, that if he ex-
pects to make capital out of his conduct 
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman
whether the " Mr. somebody else" that lie speaks
of, is the candidate he helped to nominate at
Philadelphia last February?
Mr. WALKER. Not at all; because I do not
think my friend from Ohio has half enough con-
servatism to take him. Now, I was about to say
this: that if the gentleman from Ohio desires to
make capital against the candidate for the Presi-
dency, against whom he is fighting, it seems to
me that any apparent mark of disrespect to the
Administration by those who support a candidate
who has upheld the Administration, could be
used by the gentleman as a weapon against the
candidate whose defeat he desires.
But let us pass from this mere idle talk. 1
have this remark to make in conclusion, that I
have not been, and am not now, an Administra-
tion man. I think that as far back as last March,
or February, I took the ground on this floor that,
so far as the Administration was concerned, I,
in my action as a member of the House, should
be guided entirely by what I deemed to be right
and proper; that whenever the action of the Gov-
ernment was, in my judgment, wise and judi-
cious, and within the purview of the Constitu-
tion, I should indorse that action; and that
whatever was a departure from its principles or
from wise policy, I should condemn. I made at
that time some brief comments on the character
and subject-matter of the annual message, and I
think I then spoke of it in general terms of praise,
that, so far as its style was concerned, 1 had rarely
read a better State paper; that it had this singu-
lar merit, rarely to be found even in State docu-
ments—clearness of statement; that in regard tb
constitutional questions affecting the rights of
the South, it was one of the ablest arguments
ever written. But at the same time I stated dis-
tinctly that I was no Administration man, and
never expected to be an Administration man. I
never have been. I ever guide myself by what
I believe to be correct principles and good policy.
When J depart from that course of action I am
afraid that, like the gentleman from Ohio, I will
be swayed by mere party bias.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that he never expects to be an
Administration man ?
Mr. WALKER. I did say so.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I have no doubt
of that, because I think you will never get Mr.
Buchanan elected.
Mr. WALKER. May we never be inflicted
with such an Administration as the gentleman
would help to inaugurate !
Mr. CAMPBELL. May the country be spared
from the disasters which would follow the elec-
tion of the gentleman's candidate standing on the
Cincinnati platform!
Mr. FAULKNER. Do I understand the gen*
tleman from Ohio, when he makes his motion, as
indicating that these evening discussions are to
terminate after to-night?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I stated that I would not
make the motion if any member of the committee
desired to discuss general politics; but as there
was no member indicating such a desire, I re-
garded it to be my duty, as chairman of tho
Committee of Ways and Means, to ask that the
resolutions referring the President's annual mes-
sage should be taken up and disposed of.
Mr. FAULKNER. The gentleman does not
precisely understand my question. What I asked
was, whether these evening sessions for general
debate were to extend beyond this evening?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Not for general debate, so
far as I am concerned. It is very likely the House
may hold evening sessions for the purpose oflegis-
lation; but I think it is time that this rambling
debate were closed.
Mr. FAULKNER, I had intended to avail
myself of some opportunity, before these even-
ing sessions had closed, to present my views upon
the general politics of the country; but having just
arrived in the city, after having traveled two hun-
dred and sixty miles to-day, I am not in a condi-
tion to speak this evening, and I desire only to
say, that if no other opportunity presents itself,
I shall, with the consent of the committee, print
my remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish only to remark that,
in what 1 said just now as to evening sessions, I
spoke only for myself; of course I have no power
to speak for the House. The House may extend
these evening sessions for debate up to Monday
next, for anything that 1 know.
Mr. JOINES, of Tennessee. I have no idea of
making a speech, nor do I wish to make any ob-
jection to the reporting of the resolution proposed
by the gentleman from Ohio; butl willsimplyre-
mark that, if we adopt the resolutions now and
refer the message, it will be a mere matter of
form. All the committees have acted; they have
discharged their duties as they have thought
proper, and they have no time now to take up
the annual message and consider it during the
present session, if the message should be referred
to them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will say, in reply to tho
argument of the gentleman from Tennessee, that
he knows very well that the present Congress
does not expire until the 4th of March next, and
there are many things in that message which will
have to be acted upon the next session. But if
lie, as a particular and devoted friend of the Pres-
ident, does not wish to have tho message referred,
1 say to him, as I said to the gentleman from
Alabama, that I shall not insist upon the refer-
ence, although I shall vote for it.
Mr. JONES. So shall I vote for it; and I dis-
tinctly announced at the outset that I had no ob-
jection to make to the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio. But while it is true, as the gentleman
says, that this Congress does not expire until the
4th of March next, it is also true that the com-
mittees expire with the present session of Con-
gress. The gentleman knows very well that,
at the commencement of the next session, the
Speaker will appoint new committees.
Mr. CAMPBELL. But the gentleman from
Tennessee understands the system under which
we legislate too well not to know, that, while the
committees change, the business referred to them
remains the same. It remains in the committee
rooms as unfinished business.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Ohio is
mistaken again. Whatever is referred to com-
mittees during this session falls at the close of
the session, and must be referred again at tho
next session, to give them jurisdiction. And,
sir, the gentleman well knows that at the open-
ing of another session the President will again
communicate, by message, to the two Houses
of Congress; and then again will come up the
