1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
relief of the poor of Washington. I do not pro-
pose to debate it; only that it to be taken up and
passed , that its Fate may be decided by a vote of
the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose indicated; and on that
motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
[Here a message was received from the Senate
by Asbury Dickixs, Esq., its Secretary, notify-
ing- the House that that body had passed "An
act for continuing temporarily the land office at
Kalamazoo, in the State of Michigan," and ask-
ing its concurrence therein.]
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 77, nays 57—ns follows:
YEAR — Barbour. Ilenty Bennett, Benson, Bil-
Jinghuist, Bmjibam, Bishop,. Brenton, Broom, Burhn<rame,
John P. Campbell, Levvid 1). Campbell, Claw^on. Cling-
man, Colfux, Connns, Cullen, Cumback, IJenrv 'Winter
Davi*, Dean, Dick. Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Efliend^o,
Evans, Florence. Giddingrf, Grange). RobPit 15. Hail, J.
Morrison Harris,' Ilamson, Haven, Uolloway, Howard,
Hughston. teelsev, Konnett, Knapp. Knight, Kno.\, Lake,
Lcitci, ? I;ice, Alexander K. Mar-hall, Humphrey Maij-hall,
Kiilian Miller, Millvvuid. Moiaan, Mornll, Norton. Andrew
Oliver, Paiher, Pennington, Pik<\ Porter. Pnnide, Pum-
nncc, Pniyeai.Re.Kie. Ivicund, Piteine, Rivei-, Uobi-en,
Sabm, Sapp, Scott, Simmons, Stranahan, Swope, Thonng-
ton, Traiton. Valk, Wakeman, Walbiidsre, EililiuB. YY*d h-
burnc, Jsiael Washburn, arid Woodrutf—"'<.
NAY'S—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barks-dak', TIendlcy S.
Bennett, Bojee, Biauch. Brooks Cadwaladci, Wil-
liamson R. XV. Cobb, (*iaiife, Ciawtoid. Davidson, Dow-
dell, Edward^, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Foster,Thomas
J. D. Fulkn, Greenwood, Glow, Augustus Hall, Sampson
XV. Earns, Thomas L. Ilarns, Hickman, Houston, Jewett,
(Jeoiiio W. Jonc^, Koitl, Kid wo'.', Letcher, Lindb-v, Lump-
kin. Samuel S. Marshall, MeMuiiin, Mill on. Moti, Perry,
Phelps Uuitman, Rufiin, Xlu^t, Sewaul, Hhoiter, William
famuli, Stephens. Stewart, T:i} loi, Thurston, W.'de, Wal-
dion, Walkei, Waticins, Window, Daniel B. Wi lght, and
John V. Wnght—57.
So the House refused to suspend the rules, two
thirds not voting in the affirmative.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DAMRELL stated that ho had paired off
for two weeks from to-day with Mr. Bocook.
NEW MEXICO CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. STEPHENS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Elections to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Received, That the papers and testimony in the case of
Miguel A. Otero, contesting the peat of JoscMandel Gal-
lfgos. Delegate from the Territoiy of New Mexico, be
printed; and that so much of it as "is m the Spanish lan-
guage be tianbiated into the Engh-h language, a**d also
punted foi the use of the Committee on Elections, and the
use of the membcis of this Iiouse.
The resolution was agreed to.
LAWS OF THE LEGISLATURE OF KANSAS.
Mr. GROW offered the following resolution;
which was, by unanimous consent, considered
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if not incompatible with the public mteicst, to
transmit to this Hous-o the laws? of the Leiis-Iativo At-jcm-
bly of the Terntoiv ol Kansas, and all executive pjneecd-
ings and conespondcrice of the Government of said Terri-
tory, or copies thereof.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce some bills, notice of which
has already been given, for the purpose of having
them referred.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennesson. My friend from j
Oregon has a groat many bills in his hand, I per- i
ceive, and I hope he will waive his request until j
I can get one bill passed. 1
Objection was made to the introduction of the j
bills. i
Mr. LANE. Then I move a suspension of
the rules, to enable me to introduce them.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
Mr. LANE thereupon introduced the following
bills, which were severally read a first and second
time by their respective titles, and referred as in-
dicated below:
A bill to authorize the Secretary of War to
settle and pay the expenses of the war with the
Indians in the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington, in the years 1855 and 1856, and for other
purposes. Referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
A bill making appropriations for the completion
of military roads in Oregon Territory. Referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A bill to donate four sections of land to Oregon
Territory, in lieu of the Oregon City claim. Re-
ferred to the Committee on "Public Lands.
A bill to authorize tl\e construction of fortifica-
tions at or near the mouth of Columbia river, in
the Territory of Oregon. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
A bill to authorize the employment of clerks
in the land offices in Washington and Oregon
Territories. Referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill to extend certain provisions of the cost
and fee bill to certain other officers therein named.
Referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill to enable the people of Oregon Territory
to form a constitution and State government, and
for the admission of such State into the Union.
Referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr COBB, of Alabama, here obtained the
floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to a point of order.
I submit the point that nothing is in order except
the election of a chaplain.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has assigned the
floor to the gentleman from Alabama, and he does
not know what proposition he designs to make.
Mr. FLORENCE. The House is executing
an order made on Thusday last.
Mr. COBB. I propose to do something for the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE. I cannot help that.
COMMISSIONER OF PENSIONS.
Mr. COBB. 1 hold in my hand Senate bill No.
57, which proposes to do what every member of
this House ought to feel an interest m—and I have
no doubt do feel em mteiest in—and not only that,
but something in which seven hundred and fifty-
thousand individuals in the United States arc di-
rectly interested. ;
Mr. FLORENCE. That is a mere temporal
matter, and the other, to which I referred, is of
more consequence, as it is of a spiritual nature.
[Laughter.]
Mr. COBB. I ask that the bill may be read, in
order that members mav distinctly understand
what it is, and then I shall ask that it be taken
from the Speaker's table and put upon its passage.
Air. FLORENCE. 1 have no objection to the
reading of the bill; yet I submit the point of order
for the decision of the Chair. J
Mr. COBB. I can state the necessity of the j
passage of the bili, if the House will hear me. i
The bill was then read for information by its :
title, as follows:
'"An act to relieve the Commissioner of Pen- \
sions from the performance of certain clerical !
duties." ;
Mr. HOUSTON. X object. ;
Mr. COBB. Then I move a suspension of the '
rule's to enable me to submit my motion. ;
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 submit the point that it ■
is not in order to move to suspend the rules until
after a Chaplain shall have been elected. The
House was acting under an order at the time of
its last adjournment, upon which the previous
question had been demanded and sustained. :
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the motion to suspend the rules is in order, j
The question was then taken; and, upon a di- i
vision, there were—ayes 83, noes 18; no quorum
voting. i
Mr. COBB. I call for tellers. ;
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and :
CVli.ex wore appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers '
reported—ayes 93, noes 31. ■
So the rules were suspended, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title. j
Mr. COBB. I ask that the bill maybe read :
by the Clerk. 1
The bill was reported. It enacts that the Com- '
missioner of Pensions be authorised, with the
approval of the Secretary of the Interior, to op- :
point such persons as may from time to time be ,
thought proper to sign the'namc of said Commis- |
sioner of Pensions to certificates or warrants for '
bounty land; and that all such certificates or
warrants so signed shall be as valid, to all intents '
and purposes, as if they were signed by said ;
Commissioner. i
Mr. COBB. The bill speaks for itself, and it !
is so plain that it is not necessary for me to dis- ;
cuss it. 1 have in my hand letters from the Com-
missioner of Pensions and from the Secretary of
the Interior explaining the necessity of the law.
1 Not a dollar of expense will be incurred by the
j passage of this bill. I call for the previous -ques-
j tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire the gentleman from
j Alabama to answer me a question.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw the call to allow the
gentleman from Georgia to ask the question he
desires.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman from Ala-
bama asserts that the Commissioner of Pensions
cannot sign all the land warrants. Is it then
necessary for him to leave that office?
Mr. COBB. Does the gentleman want an an-
swer ?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. COBB. I am prepared to give it from the
mouth of the Commissioner himself. He informed
me that there had accumulated on his hands, ten
days ago, some thousand or two of warrants for
his signature. Since then he has had the rheu-
matism in his hand, so that he could not sign
any warrants at all; and as nobody else is now
authorized to sign his name for him, the warrants
must, by this time, have accumulated to ten thou-
sand. He further informed me, that every war-
rant which he has put his name to since the
meeting of this House, he has signed after office
hours, in his chamber, while at home at night.
The duties of the office require him to attend
there personally, to answer the visits and inquiries
of members of the present Congress, .so that he
has no time at all during the day to sign his name
to certificates. He informed me further, as his
letter shows, that not one dollar's expenditure is
to be incurred by authorizing clerks to put his
name to papers. Suppose that the Commissioner
himself was at this moment unable to sign his
name to certificates, and should continue so for
six months to come, what would be the condition
of business? The bill simply asks that he be
authorized to allow a clerk—just as the laws for-
merly did—to sign the Commissioner's name to
warrants and certificates. And now, gentlemen,
take the responsibility, and act for yourselves.
Mr SEWARD. ]Do I understand the gentle-
man from Alabama to state that the Commissioner
of Pensions is physically unable to attend to the
duties of his office? If so, the evil can be rem-
edied by taking him out of his office, and placing
some person in it who will be able to perform its
duties.
Mr. COBB. In answer to that remark, I will
say, that we have not the power to do that. I
am now endeavoring to remove one difficulty by
doing that which we have power to do.
Mr. LETCHER. Will my friend from Ala-
bama tell me whether the passage of this bill is
not likely to create another difficulty in cases
which may give rise to controversy? In other
words, in every controversy relating to land war-
rants signed in this way, do you not increase the
difficulty by giving a discretionary power to the
commissioner to appoint one man to-day and
another man to-morrow, from among his clerks,
to sign his name to the paper?
Mr. COBB. I must refer that question to the
lawyers; 1 am nothing but a farmer, and I hold
that the gentleman [Mr. Letcher] is well able
to answer it himself.
Mr. LETCHER. But this House should look
into the question before the matter is passed upon.
It will be too late after the mischief is done to
talk about referring it to the law^ ers.
Air. FLORENCE. I desire the gentleman
from Alabama to state what additional clerical
force will bo required to sign these land warrants;
how many more clerks will be wanted for whom
an additional appropriation will be necessary ?
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman will read the
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Commissioner of Pensions he will find that not
a dollar extra will be needed.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the subject indefinitely.
Mr. COBB. I called for the previous question,
and I will adhere to the call.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama withdrew the call for the previous ques-
tion.
