1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1171
the people who are hereafter to inhabit these mil-
lions of acres of the public domain—the people
who are to occupy, to cultivate, to defend those
acres—are entitled to the benefits which are to
flow from their use. The National Government
holds these lands in trust for the people who now
inhabit, or who are hereafter to inhabit these
lands. Their interests, the interests of the Gov-
ernment and the people of the whole Union, will
be promoted by adopting a policy which shall
make these lands accessible to the people of the
country, and to the great business interests of the
country.
More than twenty years ago Mr. Clay pressed
upon the country the adoption of the policy of
the distribution of the proceeds of the sales of the
public lands. Massachusetts then, sir, sustained
the policy of the distinguished statesman of Ken-
tucky, but the people of the United States failed
to adopt that policy. We cannot now, sir, if we
would, revive that policy. The older States
cannot hope to inaugurate any policy that shall
sccurc to themselves any considerable share of
the public lands. The Senator from Kentucky
tells us that the people of his State comprehend
this subject, and that they will act towards the
new States in a spirit of generosity. Sir, the
people of Massachusetts fully comprehend this
subject, and they, too, will act towards the new
States in a spirit of generosity and liberality.
But, sir, we of Massachusetts are not entirely
unselfish in this matter. We know that our
interests will be promoted by the rapid settlement
of the public lands, and the development of their
resources. Wo of Massachusetts—we of the
Atlantic coast, who are engaged in manufactures
and commerce, all have a direct interest in the
settlement and development, growth and pros-
perity, of the new States of the interior. While
I have a seat here, sir, I shall vote most cheer-
fully for any appropriations of portions of the
public lands, upon the terms proposed in this
bill, and which have been incorporated into other
measures already adopted, in aid of railroads and
other means of internal communications, which
are calculated to develop the resources of the new
States of the Union, north or south. I vote for
this bill, which has received the sanction of the
House, and which has now the support of the
Senators from Iowa.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I shall vote
against the reference of this bill; but I shall also
■vote against the bill itself. This is a bill on which
I made a speech some four years ago. I opposed
it then on principle: I do now. I believe this
to be an oblique mode of legislation; I think we
ought not to engage in this round-about mode of
infernal improvement. Since that time, however,
the old States have obtained a considerable portion
of the public lands. We have, in Pennsylvania,
obtained about three millions of acrcsgpinco I
made my speech against this bill. I do not feel
so unfriendly to it now as I did then, because we
have had something like a division of the public
domain, under the bounty-land act. If we refer
this bill to the committee, I presume it will come
back in the shape in which it is now. For one,
I am willing and ready to act on it at once, and
to give my vote against if. As the old States have
received a considerable portion of the public
lands, I am inclined to think that it would be as
■well for us, in the course of a few years, to cede
the lands to the States in which they lie, on cer-
tain principles, and thus get clear of them entirely.
If we had not passed the bounty-land bill, I be-
lieve the old States would not have obtained an
acre. Thinking that this is not a proper way
for the Federal Government to engage in a sys-
tem of internal improvement, I shall be compelled
to vote against the bill before the Senate; but I
shall also vote against its reference, for it can be
disposed of at once.
Mr. STUART. But for the fact that I am one
of the Committee on Public Lands, I should not
say a word on the present occasion. I have ex-
amined this bill, and it is precisely in character,
bo far as I can see,'with bills which have passed
the Senate at previous sessions; I am inclined to
think that it is in all respects like them. Those
bills I have been, and am now, unqualifiedly in
fnvor of; and I shall, as often as called upon to
do so, vote for their passage. I shall presently
state briefly why 1 support those bills; but I wish
to state now, in order that I may not be misap-
prehended, that some of my colleagues on the
committee think that this bill ought to be referred.
Occupying the place which I do on the committee,
I consider it to be my duty to vote to refer the
bill. I should feel that my colleagues ought to
do it, if I urged such a motion for similar reasons.
For myself, I have no anxiety to have it referred;
but I think it is due to them, as a matter of cour-
tesy, that I should vote for the reference, not be-
lieving that the committee will change a single
sentence or word in the bill.
Now, sir, I beg leave to say in the first place
to the Senator from Pennsylvania, that he occu-
pies, it seems to me, a most singular position.
He tells us that he has been, and is, against bills
of this character upon principle; but that since
Pennsylvania has obtained three millions of acres,
he is not so much opposed to them as he for-
merly was. He is like the debtor of whom I have
heard, who said that it was against his principle
to pay the interest, and against his interest to
pay the principal. [Laughter.] The Senator's
principle is the interest of Pennsylvania; and,
inasmuch as the interest of Pennsylvania is satis-
fied, he is still against the principle.
Now, sir, I think it is demonstrable — as
clearly as it is demonstrable in mathematics that
two and two make four—that, by these railroad
grants, the United States," the States, and the
public generally, are benefited. Sir, I submit to
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, that the
grants which have been made to Missouri and
Arkansas are beneficial to the State of Kentucky
and to every other southern State in the line of
those roads, east and west. The Senator from
Massachusetts is right when ho says that the
construction of a railroad in Iowa is beneficial to
the State of Massachusetts. It is so. It increases
her trade; largely increases her business; and you
cannot make an extended railroad in any part of
the Union that is not, incidentally, and in many
cases directly, beneficial to the whole.
But there is an argument which is presented by
some of the Representatives of the old States that
I could never understand. They tell us that by
these grants the old States are giving to the new
ones. Why, sir, if this were an original propo-
sition, standing upon the Constitution of the
United States, and its construction by the Supreme
Court of the United States, I would undertake
to prove that an old State cannot hold an acre of
land in the new ones. The old States held all
the lands within their own borders, and disposed
of them at their own liking and pleasure. The
notion of the equality of the States which is so
much talked about now-a-days, is entirely lost
sight of and overthrown when you speak of ad-
mitting o new State into the Union, and holding
all her territory and selling it. Sir, when Massa-
chusetts, and New York, and Georgia, came into
the Union, did the United States sell out their
lands, and put the proceeds into theTreasury, or
did the States themselves sell them, and take the
proceeds ? Did not Pennsylvania—Pennsylvania,
that stands so much on principle—have all the
lands within her borders, and all the proceeds of
them ? And yet, when a new State is admitted
into the Union, the United States Government
holds the lands, sells them out, reserves them,
gives them to Indians, and gives them to the old
States, as the Senator from Pennsylvania says,
in the shape of bounty lands. When the new
States ask'for a grant of land to construct a road
which is mutually beneficial to the whole, they
say, " this is generosity on our part if we yield
it to you;" and the Senator from Kentucky says
that it is more generous because they cannot help
yielding it—they have not the votes. Mr. Presi-
dent, I confess that I cannot understand the logic
of this course of reasoning, and I never could.
The Senator from Kentucky will pardon me
for calling his attention a moment to the bill to
which he alluded that has been reported from the
Committee on Public Lands. That bill expressly
reserves lands covered by formerrailroad grants;
they are not brought within its terms. I beglea.ve
also to say to the Senator that that is not my bill,
but it is the bill of the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Yulee.] It was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and was reported back by me merely
as the organ of the committee, with amendments
which restrict it, and restrict it in the mode indi-
cated by the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. President, I wish to say but a word further,
because I mean to discuss questions when they
are before the Senate; but it does seem to melhat
whenever an argument is sought to be directed
against improvements by railroads or harbors, the
State of Michigan, somehow or other, is selected
as the peculiar one for comment. You pass such
bills for any other State without any trouble-
without even any conversation; but the moment
a bill relating to the State of Michigan conies up,
it is the subject of debate; and Michigan, if not
directly, is indirectly stated to be rather grasping
in her inclinations. Sir, there has not been a
single bill of this character passed, that is as inter-
esting to Michigan as to the other States of the
Union. The grant for the St. Mary's canal sim-
ply used the State of Michigan as an agent for ■
the expenditure, and nothing else. It might as
well have used Ohio orNew York Michigan was
simply the agent to make that expenditure; and the
canal is worth to-day a thousand dollars to Ohio,
'and New York, and Massachusetts, where it is
worth one to the State of Michigan. They own
the copper mines; they work them; they carry on
the trade. Individual residents of those States
paid the tax—fifty cents a ton I think it was—
which was paid to ship their copper over the.
three fourths of a mile where this canal is built.
It was not Michigan that did it. The commerce
of the lakes, extending from the head of Lake
Superior, not only to the mouth of the St. Law-
rence, but even to foreign countries, is a com-
merce, a very small portion of which compara-
tively is owned in Michigan. The eleven bills to
which Senators have so often referred, taking, as
they say, over half a million of money, appro-
priate in fact but $330,000. * That-is the sum of
the whole eleven; but not one of them is as im-
portant to the State of Michigan as to the other
States of the Union, who own a larger amount of
that commerce.
I should not have asked the indulgence of the
Senate to make these remarks, but from the fact
that an incidental bill cannot come up—a bill for
the benefit of the State of Iowa cannot come up,
but Michigan must be dragged in and hauled over
the coals for something that she isjsaid to have
had, when she has never, in fact, had anything.
There has never been an acre of the public lands
granted to the State of Michigan to Tbuild a rail-
road. My object, and my sole object, in rising,
was to explain thus much in respect to the State
that I have the honor in part to represent; and
more particularly to show that the vote which I
shall feel myself compelled to give, in order to
be entirely courteous to my colleagues on the
committee, is not the vote which I would give if
I acted upon my own judgment.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, there are two
things which hang heavily on mankind, when
they are in excess. The one is too much land,
and that is the misfortune of the country; the
other is too much time, and that is the misfortune
of the Senate. I shall consider this question of
reference with a view to both of these excesses;
and in the first place in regard to the surplus of
land.
It is proposed by the Senators from Iowa, that
this bill shall be immediately disposed of by the
action of the Senate. The Committee on Public
Lands claim that it shall first undergo their con-
sideration. It would be reasonable and proper,
because it is customary, to refer the subject to the
committee m the first instance; but does any mem-
ber of that committee assure or promise us that
we shall save one acre of the public lands, if we
send the bill to them for their consideration ? No;
but on the other hand, all that is proposed to us
is, that we shall be able to dispose of some more
lands by an amendment. For my own part, I
am satisfied that this bill disposes of enough for
one time, and I will cheerfully reserve further
questions about grants to Iowa, until another bill
shall come in.
One other consideration is offered to us. It is
said that this bill ought to be considered, to see
whether the roads which are to be produced by
the grants are national in their character. Why,
Mr. President, all railroads that anybody will
build in these times are national, in that enlarged
view of the subject which comprehends the de-
velopment of the resources of the whole-coun-
try. Have we any reason to suppose that the
Committee on Public Lands of the Senate could
make a location of railroads within the State of
