2046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11,
question of reference to the various committees
of the House. Then, if we take up these resolu-
tions now, and parcel out this message among
the committees of the House, as has always been
the custom, it will simply be a matter of form.
J twill only enable us to say that we have not
left the message in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union until the close of the session,
but have taken it up, and referred it to the appro-
priate committees of the House. The gentleman
from Ohio does not expect, nor does any gentle-
man expect, that any committee will read in com-
mittee-room the portion of the message referred
to them under these resolutions. But, neverthe-
less, I shall not, as I have said, interpose any
objection to the resolutions, if the gentleman from
Ohio sees fit to press them.
Messrs. GOODE and PRINGLE gave notice
that if they should have no opportunity to address
the committee, they would print remarks upon
general topics.
Leave was granted by the committee.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr.Chairman,thereisapart
of the record of this Congress which has been
made out to night by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Simmons,] and 1 propose now to fur-
mshmy part of that record, as 1 think it should be
complete before this session closes. My friend
has entertained us with a speech this evening
which has been characterized by more than his
usual ingenuity. He has undertaken to demon-
strate that the Government has grown extrava-
gant and prodigal in its expenditures; that they
have been increasing from year to year until
they have become absolutely frightful m His esti-
mation. Now, sir, m Older to make the record
complete, I intend to show that my fneiu!, and
those who are associated with him, are much more
censurable for the expenditures than any other
gentlemen in Congress. The appropriations have
been passed by their votes, and upon them rests
the responsibility.
The first specification is, that the expenses of
the judiciary in the States and Territories have,
within the last three or four years, increased to
an amount almost incredible. The fact is so, sir.
The gentleman has told you the truth. He will
recollect that, some years ago, when the present
bill regulating the fees of marshals, clerks, and
attorneys, was introduced into this House, I
opposed its passage, upon the ground that it
removed all the restraints upon excessive expend-
iture that then existed, and the necessary result
would be agieatly niciensed expenditure to carry
on the operations of the Eederal courts. That
was my prediction then, and experience lias
proved its aecutacv".
Mr. SIiYIMOXS. Dock tin gentleman menu
to say that 1 introduced t(?
Mr. LETCHER 1 do not; but the gentleman
is now in the third year of his service in tins
House, and he has not yet set about the reform '
of these judiciary abuses. He ought to ha\e
given us on this subject the benefit of his practice
at an earlier period; and if he had done so, we ,
would most probably have been saved from his :
theories to-night. ;
How is it m regard to another item of expend-:
iture incurred during the present session of thus ,
House? The gentleman fiom New York has j
voted to pay every man who has come here con- 1
testing the seat of a member in tins body. If 1 1
mistake not, he has actually voted to pay per !
diem and mileage to one contestant who did not'
profess to come here m accordance with any law, j
but came here m defiance of ail law, and claimed, ]
not th.it he had obtained more votes than Mr. i
Whitfield, but that Mr. Whufieid himself had nut ,
been duly and legally elected. Mr. Recder never I
churned that lie was fairly elected in a contest i
with Whitfield. He never churned that he went j
before the people of Kansas under any law what- •
ever. He claimed that he went there as a candi-
date, on his own hook; and after that election, '
which was held just one week later m the order '
of tune than the regular election, lie came forward i
and asked the House to oustMr. Whitfield—not, ,j
however, I imagine, with the remotest idea that ,!
he could uuse eighty-eight men in this Hall who
would vote to give him the seat. What idea he |
may have had m regard to getting the money out ]
ot file 1 reasury, if he chose to come hero tuspmd '
the tune in a contest. I do not know; nor do I j
know whether he has charged per diem up to the .1
day that Whitfield was ousted. He certainly
was not here more than one third of the time
during the entire session; and it seems to me that
while my friend from New York is talking about
taking care of the public money, he ought to have
ascertained whether he was voting pay to Reeder
for more time than he spent in actual attendance
on the House. As it stands now, what is the
state of the case? My friend has actually voted
to pay him for the time he was employed in
stumping the States of New York, Illinois, and
Indiana, preaching resistance to the laws of the
land, and raising a general disturbance through-
out the country in behalf of free Kansas. It
does seem to me, considering his a^e and experi-
ence, that his practice is wretchedly bad. His
theory, however, would pass muster tolerably
well. [Laughter.]
Let me illustrate this case. Suppose, in the
old, settled, conservative State of New York,
and in the district which my friend represents
here with so much ability, some lawless, dis-
satisfied politician, a week after the regular
election had been held, and not content with
the result, should determine to be a candidate,
and, at an election agreed upon by a mob, should
receive some thousands of votes, and then come
here to contest his right to his seat, and eighty-
eight southern men should vote to put my friend
out, and put the contestant m, what would be
thought of such an outrage ? What invectives
would he not indulge in against the southern
slaveholders ? And how could we sustain our-
selves at home, and justify our votes, m such a
case, to our constituents? Could we explain a
vote which depleted the Treasury to thcextentof
§4,000 to pay a contestant under such circum-
stances ? Could we, with the slightest justicc, set
up a claim to be considered economists ?
Let me try his practice on another point. I
think my friend from New York voted for all the
book resolutions; that he voted for printing a
monstrous number of the Kansas investigating
committee reports; that he has been for printing
an extra number of every document that came in
the way. If I am not mistaken, he voted for print-
ing the Japan expedition, at which he took a iling
or two to-night. [Laughter.] Was it not so ?
He nods. Yes, sir, it was so. He frankly ac-
knowledges the corn. [Great laughter.]
Let us look at his practice again. He tells you
that the means of this Government ought to be
husbanded; that they ought not to be wasted
upon improper objects; that we must rely on
duties on imports, and the proceeds of the sales
of the public lands for the necessary means to
keep the Government in operation. All this is
excellent theory; yet it strikes me that he voted
for every solitary bill donating land to railroads
which has been passed at this session. Have
you not so voted, my fncnd r
Mr. SIMMONS. I do not know. I voted for
all I thought proper.
Mr. LETCHER. He voted for all he thought
proper! If he will look at the Journal he will
find that he voted for every railroad bill that has
been introduced, and therefore he considered
every one eminently proper. At this rate it seems
to me he would soon deprive us of all the lands,
and necessarily cut the Government oil* from a
very considerable amount of its revenue.
He in the next place tells you, that the Govern-
ment has embarked m a general system of build-
ing court-rooms, custom-nouses, and post-offices,
all over the country; that ithad embarked jh it for
the purpose of making a fair distribution of the
revenue amongst the various localities throughout
the Union. i)id the gentleman \ote against any
of them ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Not against many of them.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. He voted for all that were
proposed, and I feel entirely satisfied that he would
have voted for as many more if they had been
proposed. lie voted for custom-houses last year
winch were proposed to be built at various points,
and he has voted for appropriations to enlarge
every one that he voted to build last year. He
voted to enlarge the one at Buffalo; he voted to
enlarge the one at Chicago, he voted to enlarge
the one at Toledo; he voted to enlarge the one at
Cleveland. [Laughter.] So faras large expendi-
tures are involved here, ho has been one of the
chief men in running them up to a high figure.
In fact, I do not recollect anything calling for an
expenditure of money that he has voted against!
Well, sir, I might go on and enumerate a gieat
many other things that he has voted for. I take
these items, because they are somewhat promi-
nent, and bring them in this way to the attention
of the country; so that, when the Congressional
Globe shall be sent out, the people may be enabled
to see who it is that makes complaints about the
expenditures, and yet votes away the people's
money to sustain Collins'line, French spoliation
bills, and their lands to build railroads.
There is, however, another item of expendi-
ture. How many river and harbor bills has the
gentleman from New York voted for this session ?
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not voted for as
many as I would like.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman is ready to
vote for " Big Sodus" and " Little Sodus," for
" Nag's Head," and every other place that may
be named. He thinks that all the little streams
of the country should be widened and deepened.
I do not know how it will be, but 1 would not be
surprised, if some of our river and harbor friends
here should bring forward a bill to supply :he
streams with the requisite quantity of water, as
some of them are sadly in want of it. [Great
laughter.] There are a vast number of them that
have not water enough, and he that can furnish
it will, beyond all doubt, be esteemed a great
public benefactor. We passed a bill to-day, in
which we allowed a steamboat owner $13,000,
because, after he had made a fair contract with the
Government, Providence did not furnish as much
water for the stream as he had anticipated.
[Laughter.] It was voted through—my friend
from New York amongst the number of its sup-
porters. 1 have never seen such a hurrah m the
House since I have been a member of it. Tho
proceedings looked more like the act of a public
meeting than of a deliberative assembly. You
would have thought there were no rules for the.
government of the body. It was passed amid
" noise and confusion" far worse than ever af-
flicted General Cass. [Laughter.]
Let me call attention to another fact. The
President has tried to stop some of these expend-
itures. lie has vetoed three or four of the river
and harbor bills, thus performing his duty in
attempting to check the expenditure of the people's
money; and how did my friend from New York
vote on the vetoes ? Every time against the Pres-
ident, and for the expenditure; and, if the Pres-
ident were to send in forty vetoes, he would vote
against each and all of them.
Just here permit me to noticc another idea of
my friend from New York. He told us that the
President wielded vast power over this House,
and the country; that his annual message manu-
factured public opinion, regulated public senti-
ment; that it rallied around him a strong body of
friends; that it was calculated to have this effect
because no answer followed it; and that the peo-
ple, therefore, only read the argument on one side
of the questions discussed in the message.
Now, sir, it strikes me that answers enough,
such as they were, have followed the messages
at this session. As to the power of these answers
to influence the minds of the people, that is
another question. But, sir, while the President's
power is so great, will the gentleman explain to
me, if his theory be true, how it is that there was
a majority of two thirds in each House of Con-
gress to overrule him in his vetoes ? Does the
gentleman apprehend danger from the executive
power in this country, when he can get, in both
Houses of Congress, two thirds of each body
who will overrule the action of the President upon
the mere question of the expenditure of money
for the improvement of rivers and harbors? If
any one fact could go to show that tho veto power
was not a dangerous power, the history and ex-
perience of this session would demonstrate that
fact beyond all doubt. Let the veto power be
upheld. If oftcner exercised, the people would
have cause to rejoice.
Well, sir, there was another thing gotten up m
this House, which my friend fiom New York
voted $10,000 for—and that was this roving com-
mission which was sent lo Kansas to gather up
material to be used m the coming election. He voted
for that; and after the expenditure of £10,000,
after the time spent by that committee with its
clerks-, its maishals, its secretaries, how much
