1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
34th Cong....1st Sess.
ClaytonrBuliver Treaty—Mr. Clayton,
Senate.
object. My answer to all these will be found in
the plain language of the treaty itself, and in my
own counter-declaration which he received and
accepted at the time, immediately before the final
act of exchange or delivery of the instrument. A
treaty, like a deed, must be signed before delivery;
but it is the delivery which gives vitality to both.
Mr. Buchanan well observed when Lord Claren-
don misconstrued the treaty by reference to a
letter of Lord Palmerston, in reply to Mr. Law-
rence, written many months before the exchange
of ratifications—that all letters and communica-
tions before the conclusion of the treaty, are like
the scaffolding of a building, to be taken away
•when the edifice is completed. But if the treaty
could be construed by the correspondence be-
tween the negotiators, the American construction
is in every respect conclusively sustained by that
correspondence; and the counter-declaration made
at the very moment of delivery would necessarily
be the most cogent of all possible proof, as a
cotemporaneous exposition of the meaning of the
instrument, made by one of the framers of the
instrument, and accepted by the other. It is to
be observed, that Lord Clarendon himself has
not ventured to build an argument on such a
statement as was made in the reported speech of !
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
nor did he venture to make such a statement. If
there had been any foundation for it, his lord-
ship could not in duty have omitted to make it.
No, sir; he made no such pretense; and it has
been reserved for some vile advocate of British
interests in a newspaper, some knave, under
the hypocritical disguise of a candid American,
to make a charge which his lordship could not
degrade himself by making.
The treaty of 1850 has been so ably explained
and vindicated bv honorable Senators who have
preceded me, and especially by the eloquent Sen- ; i
ators from New York, [Mr. Seward,] Michigan,
[Mr. Cass,] Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] and Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brown,] that I hold it hardly neces-
Bary for me to add anything to what they have
Baia. Some hypercriticsf who never assisted in
the formation of a treaty, very naturally suppose
they could greatly amend its phraseology, and
easily remove all possibility of misconstruction,
by the addition or change of words and sentences
■which their superior wisdom would have readily
suggested. But there are two things worthy
of consideration by gentlemen of this descrip-
tion. The first of these is, that it takes at least
two men to make an instrument of this character;
and when they are about it, not only must each
conform in some degree to the. views and opin-
ions of the other, but he must also seek to adapt
their joint labor to the views of the President
and Senate here, and to those of the British Cab-
inet on the other side of the Atlantic. Every
treaty, and, indeed, every statute, is at last but a
compromise of both words and measures. No
one man is suffered to have either all his own
-way. But the second thing worthy of being
especially considered by the gentlemen I have
described, is, that before they pass sentence they
should be quite sure they have made themselves
. acquainted with the' subject, and particularly in
such a case as this, where the capacity to accom-
plish their purposes and make such a convention,
In such language as they fancy would be most
"fit," as one in this debate has phrased it, can be
gathered only from the attentive perusal of all the
correspondence, and all the documentary history
of the subject. Let me say to these gentlemen,
that ignorance of these matters, by not a few who
have thought themselves quite competent to con-
demn, has surprised me as often as they have ven-
tured to express themselves, here or elsewhere,
on the subject. The .wiseacres of the newspaper
class are conspicuous in this category. Without
ever having read one tenth part of the voluminous
correspondence, comprising, probably, not less
than a thousand pages, they pass sentence on the
interpretation of this treaty with a single flourish
of the pen,andeithercondemnorapproveof what
they do not comprehend. Thus, one declares the
Mosquito protectorate stiil exists in full force,
because it is not abolished, in totidem verbis, by
the treaty. _ "Why was it not so abolished,
says he, "if it was really meant to disarm and
restrict it so that it could not be efleotive for the
purpose to accomplish which it -yvas originally
established ?" Self-satisfied with this triumphant
interrogatory, indicating, at least to his own entire
satisfaction, profound scrutiny and exposure of a
great fault in this treaty, this writer denounces it
as a thing not fit to have been made. He, now,
wquld have made the matter plain as day by
declaring the Mosquito protectorate a humbug,
and a fraud, and therefore abolished in express
old Sqxon English. He plumes himself on the
ease with which he would have put both negotia-
tors to shame by the use of " proper words in
proper places." Yet, if he would read and in-
quire, he might find that he was only making an
exposure of himself by such twaddle. He might
learn, after indulging his vanity, that the declara-
tion he would have made would have defeated the
treaty; and that the British Government, to avoid
the alleged dishonor of totally abandoning their
Indian allies, would agree only to disarm their
protectorate by binding themselves in effect never
to occupy with a view to protect, or to protect with
a view to occupy; and that, on our side, these
stipulations were regarded as quite as available
(if any treaty on the subject were really to be
observed by Great Britain) as a stipulation in
the broadest terms abolishing the very name and
shadow, as well as the substance, of their protecto-
rate. Here—just here, in fact, was the point at
which the negotiations were for a time arrested.
Our Government refused to proceed .with the
treaty, after an experimental projet of it had been
submitted to both Governments, until the British
Government.agreed that they would not, " in vir-
tue of any protection, which either party had, or
might have, occupy, colonize, fortify, or assume
or exercise any dominion over, any part, of Cen-
tral America. When they agreed to that, we
closed with them; because, as Mr. Buchanan
well observes, if they will comply with that stip- :
ulation,and exercise their protectorate subject to
those restrictions, " the United States need ask
nothing more." It is hardly nocessary to observe, '
that if Great Britain cannot occupy, colonize, for-
tify, or assume or exercise any dominion, in virtue
of her protectorate, it is completely disarmed by
the treaty, and stands but the shadow of a name.
But another critic tells us that by this very
clause we have recognized and acknowledged the i
British protectorate. Such, too, was the impu- j
dent falsehood propagated by that most reckless
of all political charlatans, Frederick Chatfield,
British Consul General in Central America. So !
that, by using the words, " in virtue of any pro- ;
tection which either party has or may have, we,
it was pretended, gave in our adhesion to the
whole fraudulent claim set up by Great Britain |
to a protectorate which is now acknowledged by j
Lord Russell, and was admitted by Lord Palmer- ;
ston in his interview with Mr. Rives, to be a
sheer fiction. Mr. Johnson, the Attorney Gen-
eral under President Taylor, in his admirable
letter of January, 1854, now among your published
documents, which is the best exposition of the :
treaty, in a few words, that has ever been writ- j
ten, refutes this by observing that, if these words I
contain a recognition of a British protectorate by I
us, they also contain a recognition of an Ameri-
can protectorate by Great Britain; for it is a bad i
rule which does not work both ways. But Lord j
Clarendon now informs Mr. Buchanan that the j
British Government expressly admit that the treaty '
nowhere contains any recognition of the existence of i
any such protectorate; and Mr. Buchanan well re- '
plies that he is pleased to receive this admission,
for had the American negotiator made such an
acknowledgment he would have been condemned
for it by his own countrymen. j
And still another expositor tells us the only
object of the treaty was to cut a canal, and he
sticks in the bark ay quoting the preamble only.
He thinks he could have drawn a much plainer
treaty by placing the evacuation of Central Amer-
ica by Great Britain in the foreground as the great
object of the negotiators. He overlooks the main
body of the treaty, as well as the true meaning of
the preamble. The latter speaks of " any canal
which may be made"—not merely of one desig-
nated and located; and the main body of the in-
strument expressly extends its protection to any
and all canals and railways which can be made in
any part of the Isthmus. But if this commenta-
tor and critic had taken a little pains to read and
make himself acquainted with the facts disclosed
in the correspondence, he would have learned
that the emancipation of Central America from
British thraldom and aggression was riot a second-
ary object of the negotiation on our part, and
that the canals and railways, which were also of
freat interest to us, were prominently presented,
ecause they furnished a sufficient reason for the
agreement of Great Britain to decline a posses-
sion which, if continued, necessarily controlled
all the interoceanic passages. Without any reason
for evacuating the territory but our demand, we
know, from the repudiation of the Monroe doc-
trine by Lord Clarendon in reply to Mr. Buch-
anan, as well as from the British Plenipotentiary,
Great Britain would have refused to enter into
any convention to abandon it. Such a conces-
sion to us was deemed humiliating by the British
Ministry, until, by presenting the canal, and the
propriety of making the territory neutral, with a
view to its construction, enjoyment, and protec-
tion by both parties, British sensibility and Brit-
ish honor were appeased and satisfied. But our
critical commentator would have insisted that
Great Britain should have been compelled to sub-
mit to this humiliation! Of course, then, we
should have achieved nothing, and have left Great
Britain in the entire control of the Isthmus. With
as much tact as a bull in a china shop, he would
have disdained to appeal to British magnanimity
and justice, and would have attempted to degrade
her by demanding of her an acknowledgment of
the injustice of her seizure of the country, and a
speedy retreat from it on pain of being kicked
out of it—a thing easily said by any bully, but
very hard to accomplish.
I desire to call the attention of the Senate to
the importance to us of the great strait which is
to connect the Pacific and Atlantic oceans. A
modern writer, who well deserves the character
of a statesman, and has long enjoyed it, says,
a strait which brings the power of the land to
control the navigation of the seas is not only in-
teresting as a geographical and political, but also
as an intellectual matter. It fixes (says he) the
attention, excites curiosity, awakens activity,
suggests apprehension, and finally prompts de-
signs, and thus calls into existence faculties of
the mind seldom appreciated even in those very
transactions of which it is the spring.
This remark was made by Urquhart, to illustrate
the importance of the Sound—that narrow strait
between the Kingdoms of Sweden and Denmark
which controls the commerce of the Baltic. It
affects the commerce of thirty millions of souls,
filling more than twenty thousand ships. Iron,
grain, hemp, timber, and cordage are carried
through that strait by the nations of Europe; and
the countries immediately adjoining it are so
deeply interested in it, and have been for ages,
that it has been the cause of some of the most
obstinate and bloody wars in which the States of
j Europe have been involved. The interest on the
| debt now due from Denmark is paid by those
taxes on commerce called Sound dues; and she
lias no other means of paying it. That debt was
incurred in the wars waged by Denmark to re-
tain the commanding position which she occupies
at this day at that spot. Russia, Prussia, and
part of Germany, contiguous to the Baltic, whose
chief articles of traffic pass through the Sound,
are most interested in it; but there is not a State
in Europe that is not concerned in the navigation
of this strait.
If any great and powerful nation should at-
tempt to seize the fortifications which command
the Sound, it would probably involve all Europe
in war. By general consent it is agreed that the
weak State of Denmark, with only two or three
millions of people, shall retain possession of it,
because there is no danger, while she exercises
control over it, of its ever being shut up so as to
exclude the commerce of Europe.
Another strait of still greater importance arrests
our attention. It is the strait at the bight of the
.Bosphorus, where all the commerce of the Eux-
ine passes—that sea into which the Danube, the
Dnieper, (the ancient Boristhenes,) the Dniester,
the Don, and many other rivers, empty, and all
the treasures of the Caspian sea and the Volga,
by the connection between the Volga and the
