1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2047
influence, I ask, did all their labor have over the
minds and the votes of members of this House
in ascertaining the legality or illegality of Whit-
field 's election, or ill settling the question as to his !
right to retain his seat upon this floor? Will
not my friend admit that, before this committee
went to Kansas, before they wrote one solitary
pa e of that book, he would have voted to turn
Whitfield out of his seat, as quickly as he would
after their return.5 How many votes have been
changed by the action of the committee ? Does
he imagine that a half dozen members have ever
read the. mass of irrelevant matter collected by
them? Has there been a solitary vote changed
by it? If not, it certainly was a useless expendi-
ture of money, and the gentleman must be held
up before the country as one of the guilty parties
who have increased the annual expenditures of
the Government to that extent.
But I have some curiosity to know exactly the
object of my friend's speech to-night. Was it
intended to furnish a chart to guide his party
friends m the coming presidential canvass? Was
it intended to suggest to the minds of the people
the propriety and duty of arraigning the Presi-
dent of the tJnited States at the bar of the coun-
try, and holding him and the Democratic party
responsible for the expenditures of the Govern-
ment' Was it intended to enact over again the
scenes of lb40, when deceptive and ingenious
cards were prepaied to show the annual expend-
itures of the Government from the time of Wash-
ington down? Was that the object' Was that
the intention > Did he mean to make the impres-
sion that the Democratic prirty here had voted
the money, while he and 1ns friends had resisted
their extravagance? 1 cannot very well imagine
what other object he could have had in view; and
it does seem to me, if that was the object, he
ought, at least, when he asks the people to con-
demn the President, to state that he and his party
friends have voted the money which makes up
the §75,000,000 per annum.
My friend from New York had another idea,
which struck me as a novelty m this age of the
world; and that was, that the Federal Govern-
ment should be collector of the means and money
which should be distributed, at due intervals, to
the various States, to enable them to meet their
annual State expenditures, i take the liberty of
informing my friend that this is not a consoli-
dated Government yet, but it would become a
consolidated Government very soon if his theory
shall be adopted. Whenever you undertake to
centralize power here, to turn the attention of
the States to the Federal Government for the
means of meeting their annnal expenditures, you
will soon have the States as subservient—ay,
more so—than the gentleman seems to suppose
the representatives of the people now are to the
executive power. You will destroy everything
like State independence—everything like a regard
for State rights and sound State policy, whenever
you make them even partially dependent upon
the Federal Government for their annual means
of support. Does the gentleman desire to see
such a state of things as this thought about ?
Would it be a picture which would please his
fancy, to see the great empire State coming four
times a year, and asking from the Federal Treas-
ury an assignment of her portion ot the means
here collected, to enable her to pay off her annual
expenditures? Yet the gentleman says it must
come to that, or very soon the States of Virginia,
New York, and Pennsylvania, will be in the con-
dition of the States of Mississippi and Illinois—
not able to pay their debts. I trust in God they
never may be able, if their ability to do so is
dependent upon a sacrifice of State dignity and
State independence. I hope to see the States
ever maintain their independent position towards
the Federal Government—maintain their rights,
and the cherished principles and doctrines for
which the Demoouitic party has always con-
tended, with the spirit which has ever character-
ized them, from the foundation of the Govern-
merit to the present umo.
1 do not recollect that 1117 friend from New
York made any other point 111 his speech; and I
should not have felt myself called upon to reply
to his remarks hut for the fact that i thought
they were calculated to place the President and
the Democratic party m a false position before
the country. Let it go forth to the American
people that the Republican party—of which the
gentleman from New York is a leader—hare,
as a general rule, voted for all the expenditures
of this session, and have uniformly voted for all
the measures which the President has vetoed.
The President has endeavored to reduce the ex-
penditures, while they have voted to increase
them.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will consume but little of
the time of the committee in reply. The view 1
intended to gi\e is one relating to the general
policy of this Government, comprising the oper-
ation of all its departments, legislative, executive,
and judicial, from the time of Washington down
to the present, and thereby showing an insensi-
ble departure from first principles—a departure
which we are not aware of, except we measure
from long periods of time, and compare them with
one another. It was not my intention to throw
all the blame upon the executive department of
the Government; and 1 had no idea of speaking
for any electioneering purposes whatever, any
further than what I might say might possibly
arouse all parties of the country to a due consid-
eration of the drift of the Federal branch of the
Government. I
Now, sir, in respect to my own insignificant
part in these affairs, it is of no consequence what-
ever. 1 know that, since I have had the honor of
a scat upon this floor, there have been many ap-
propriations of large amounts made for internal
improvements of one kind or another, and a great
many for other things. I am willing to acknowl-
edge to the eentleiiH n thati would not have voted
for many of those things which 1 have voted for if I
could accomplish the great national policy which
underliesit, and leave the revenue of the country,
all beyond the real wants of the Government, di-
rected to its owners, the men that pay the money.
1 would have the surplus revenue beyond the
wants of the Federal Governmentdivided among
the States in just proportion. I consider the
States themselves as the partners, the owners,
the boss of this whole conccrn. The Federal
Government is only another agent for the people,
just as the State governments are only the asyiits
of the people; so the Repiescntatives, the Pres-
ident, and all the Departments of the Federal
Government, are but the agents of the same
people.
Now, the gentleman says that I voted for this,
that, and the other thing. Undoubtedly I did;
Mild I will continue to vote for such things until
I can get this radical change. "Whenever the
money shall be rightfully directed, one half to
support the State governments, and the other
half to the National Government in time of peace,
1 will cease so to vote. 1 do not apprehend any
further degeneracy or servility then to the Fede-
ral Government on the part of the States. The
people understand the matter too well, as they
will show when called 011 by the Federal Gov-
ernment to leturn the money advanced to the
States under General Jackson's administration.
The people know full well themselves what to do
with the money. Perhaps 1 would not. go so far
as Adam Smith in saying, that after all a govern-
ment comes more from the instinctive good sense of
the people than from the persons in office Jmt comes
nearly to that. We have a revenue of £,75,000,000
a year, and what are we to do with it r Would the
gentleman [Mr. Letcher] consider, that it would
be a wise tiling for us to sit here and refuse to
vote away money, when we hove got such a sur-
plus m the national Treasury, for the necessary
improvement of rivers and harbors, and such
things, even though the States themselves could
not make them ? ^No, sir; as long as this system
of getting twice as much money into the national
Treasury as that branch of the Government needs
continues, i shall be for distributing tt some way
or other. If not distributed directly into the
hands of the State Legislatures, then I shall go
for °-ivtn<r it m the next best way, even for school-
houses and common highways. I think the
money would do the people more good m that
way than to have it distributed among office-
holders. 1 go upon that principle, that to the peo-
ple who pay it into the Treasury belongs all the
surplus. My opinion is, that the General Gov-
ernment has the powr, and ought to make all
national improvements. I believe this was once
admitted by (he Repiescntatives from Virginia.
But it seems there is now some skepticism there,
and indeed on all sides. There is no doctrine
that is not doubted, when we come to the ques-
tions of the meaning of the Constitution.
The gentleman from Virginia and his few
friends here have been resisting as unconstitu-
tional all appropriations for railroads, while mem-
bers from all other sections of the country are
voting for these appropriations, and the gentle-
man has hardly enough left to order the yeas
and nays. I suggest to him that it is not a wise
policy for any individual to follow his peculiar
notions too closely, and let all ideas of interest
go by the board. I would prefer, myself, to have
this money divided and restored to the States ac-
cording to Federal representation, because this
would be a more equal and equitable division than
the other mode now being adopted; but I go for
the best I can get—anything to save its being
used as a corruption fund by the national Gov-
ernment.
I would have this done, not by special legisla-
tion as now practiced, but by a general law divid-
ing the surplus funds from quarter to quarter,
which would be binding and conclusive, for no-
body would dare think of repealing it. I believe
that the States would better understand how to
apply this money for purposes of education, and
of internal improvements, and such other pur-
poses as they chose, than Congress.
H But the gentleman [Mr. Letcher] comes from
]j a State which prefers to leave her share of the
1 money in the Treasury, divided under General
j| Jackson's administration, and run into debt for
l| the means of building railroads and canals.
!' That, it seems to me, is throwing away a great
I practical advantage for the sake of a metaphysical
theory. I think there is money enough raised
by indirect taxation to support both branches of
the Government, and the people have too much
sense to give up that system and resort to direct
taxation. I believe that we ought to have a
moderate tariff, by duties on imports, to encourage
our own industry and arts, and not have the
currency of the country reduced, as Mr. Buch-
' anan once said, so as to bring down the price of
; labor to ion cents per day.
1 Now, Mr. Chairman, L have attempted to show
1 that the expenses of the General Government
■ have become enormous. 1 do not suppose that
! the President and his Secretaries misapply or
i steal the money, but still it seems to me that our
present practice is a wide departure from the
original policy of Washington and JeiTer&on.
The idea of building these two great wings to the
Capitol would not have been tolerated one mo-
ment in Mr. Jefferson's day. 1 refer to these
things to show that the people themselves have
been perverted and corrupted by the evils of
party spirit—a result, you know, which General
Washington prophesied, m his Farewell Address.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. My friend
from New York saw proper to lug in my own
State, together with the State of Illinois, when
he was advocating the general policy, which he
insists upon, that the Federal Government should
j collect the revenue, not only to be used for the
! purposes of the General Government, but that
! it should absolutely collect the whole of the rev-
1 onue intended to be distributed for State purposes.
1 In connection with that argument, the honorable
; gentleman from New York saw proper to state
1 that the State which I have the honor to repre-
' sen fin part on this floor, together with the gallant
! State of Illinois, had repudiated their debts; and
: my friend from Virginia saw proper to allude to
| the same question. Now, I wish to say to my
i friend from Virginia 
1 Mr. LETCHER. I will save my friend from
Mississippi that part of his speech, if he will
: allow me to explain.
Mr. WRIGHT. I know that my friend from
j Virginia did nothing more than quote, without
! indorsement, the remarks of the member from
New York. I wish to say, that Mississippi, in
her conduct, has followed the precepts of Vir-
ginia's brightest son,Thomas Jefferson, of whom
my friend from Virginia is a worthy disciple.
Jefferson entertained an opinion which may seem
strange to some gentlemen, that when man came
into the world he did not come precisely hke a
terrapin, with a shell upon his back, with the
burden of another generation clinging to linn,
but he came into the world responsible for his
own action, and for that alone. That was the
