44S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19.
- Mr. L1NDLEY. I hope the bill will not be
referred. I think my friend from Virginia mis-
understands the state of facts existing, "v10
people in this district, and in another one which
I -wish to have incorporated in the bill, were not
aware of the intention to discontinue the land
office; they did not all of them 'keep informed
of the proceedings of the last Congress. This
bill will give them notice that they must attend <
to their business. They will come in and have
their cases decided before the office is removed,
■when they would be compelled to go one hundred
and fifty or two hundred miles to an adjoining
land office.
I hope the gentleman from Virginia will with-
draw his objection, and permit this bill to pass,
embracing both the Kalamazoo district and that
of Palmyra, in the State of Missouri, which I de-
sire to have placed in it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to say one
word in reply to my friend from Missouri, [Mr.
Lindley.] This is an attempt to reestablish an
office which, under the operation of existing law,
would be discontinued; and it relates to one par-
ticular instance, out of fifty or one hundred, that
have occurred during the past year, where, by the
extinguishment of the titles to the public lands,
the quantitjpfcas been reduced to the number of
acres when it is contemplated the offices shall be
discontinued, and consequently united and con-
solidated with other offices. I think I know of
five offices in my own State which have been dis-
continued, and the same reasons exist for contin-
uing those five offices as for continuing this one.
Sir, I am utterly opposed to such partial legis-
lation as contemplates provisions for the benefit
of one neighborhood and excludes all others. So
far as the amendmen t of my friend from Missouri
is concerned, it would be better for him, I think,
that this bill should be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. A general provision is neces-
sary, if any at all. I hope the bill will be referred
to the Committee 011 Public Lands.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I do not desire to take
part in the controversy that is going on with
regard to these offices. I rise to appeal to the
gentleman who presented this bill, to permit it to
go to the Committee on Public Lands. If there
is really cause which makes it important that the
office to which it relates should be reestablished,
I am sure the Committee on Public Lands will
report to that effect. It is proper that all these
bills should be considered by the appropriate
committee.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I am willing that the bill
should be referred to the Committee 011 Public
Lands.
The bill was so referred.
CJjERIC TO COMMITTEE WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to ask the
consent of the House to put tins resolution upon
its passage:
Resolved, That the Committee of Wayi and Means be
authorised to employ a clelk, at the salary ol $1,800 p<jt
annum.
■ Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I desire to
offer the following amendment:
Resolved, That tin' Oonmnttcrs on "Rlcctioils, Foreign
Affairs, and each of the other standing committee* ot' tins
House which were allowed clerk* dining tile last
of Congress, be,and they are heieby, authorized to appoint
clerks for the present Confess, and the compensation of
paid clerks respectively shall he the same as is allowed by
law to the clerk of the Committee 011 Claims.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I hope this amend-
ment wiil not be adopted. So far as the Com-
mittee 011 Public Lands are concerned, they do
not want a clerk.
Mr. HOUSTON". I hope the amendment will
not prevail.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. This resolution was unanimously
received as a report from the Committee of Ways
and Means, and an amendment of this sort is not
in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the resolution ought
to pass. 1 believe the Committee of Ways and
Means need a clerk, and 1 believe the clerkship
should be made a permanent one, at a liberal sal-
ary, such as will command the services of a com-
petent gentleman.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The salary is
precisely the same as that given to a similar offi-
cer in the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. T do not think the salary is
too much, and I hope the report of the committee
will be adopted.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have another resolution
to offer from the same committee.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw his motion, to enable me to offer
a resolution.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I would, if your resolu-
tion could come up at once, but the gentleman
from Ohio has sent up another resolution, which
would precede it.
Mr. SMITH. I understand the gentleman
withdraws it, that I may offer my resolution.
Mr. CRAWFORD. X cannot withdraw it if
another question is to intervene.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope it will be
withdrawn, so that my resolution may be put
upon its passage. It is important to the public
business that these estimates should be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, that they
may go to work.
The SPEAKER. In reply, the Chair will state
that the gentleman from Georgia declines to with-
draw his motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I hope the House
will vote it down.
The question was taken; and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
REFERENCE OP ESTIMATES.
The Clerk read Mr. Campbell*3 resolution,
as follows:
Resolved, That the estimates of appiopriation required
for the service of the fiscal year ending the liOtli of Juno,
1857, and nan«nntted to the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, agreeably to joint 1 evolution ot Congress of
7th of Jnntuuy^ 1648, be lefencd to the Committee of YVajs
and Means*.
The resolution was adopted.
REPORT OF CAPTAIN BOUT WELL
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the following
resolution:
He<olrcd, That the President of the United States he,
and he hereby 1*, requested to communicate to this House
the icpoit ot Captain E. Boutwell, and all the accompany-
ing document*, iclative to the operations of the United
States sloop of uai John Adams, under his command, at
the Fejee Islands, 111 the yearl8j5.
The resolution was adopted.
tstixs introduced.
Mr. DOWDELL asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill and joint resolution: which were
read a first and second time by their titles, as
follows, and referred as indicated below:
A bill for the relief of Robert Mitchell. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
A jointresolutionuuthori/.ingsettlements under
certain mail contracts. Referred to the Committee
011 the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. LAKE asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce the following bills, which were read a first
and second time by their titles, and referred as
indicated below : 
A bill to settle certain accounts between the
United States and the State of Mississippi. Re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill granting alternate sections of land in aid
of the constuietion of the Southern Railroad, in
the State of Mississippi. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
PAPERS OF JOHN CRAWFORD.
Mr. LAKE. Mr. Speaker, I now ask the
unanimous consentof the House for leave to with-
draw from the files the petition nnd papers of
.lohn Crawford, of the State of Mississippi.
When I made this application the other day, some
gentleman on the opposite side of the House made
objection to it. If 1 am allowed a short explana-
tion, there will now be, I am satisfied,no objection.
Mr. LETCHER. Go on.
Mr. LAKE. Mr. Crawford holds a certificate
of forfeited land stock, the money for which was
paid in 1807. He made application to this House
at the last Congress, that he be allowed to lay
down his warrant upon lands m the State of
Louisiana. That is the sum and substance of
his application. I only ask the withdrawal of the
papers that a slight alteration may be made in
his petition—to change nothing else, so that his
petition and papers may be prepared for being
again brought to the attention of members.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What kind of land
stock is it?
Mr. LAKE. I will inform you. Under pre-
vious acts of Congress lands were authorized to
be sold on a credit; and when partial payment,
and not the full payment, was made, this land
was forfeited. The money which was paid be-
came forfeited. In 1828 an act of Congress was
passed authorizing persons who had paid for land
under those circumstances, to lay down warrants
which were to be given them upon any public
land within the district where their previous en-
tries had been made. All I wish is the withdrawal
of the petition and papers, in order that a slight
alteration may be made in the petition.
Mr. JONES. I think the best plan would be
to file an amended petition.
Mr. LAKE. The alteration 1 propose to make
is this: At the time the petition was filed, there
were in Mississippi no public lands worth having.
Application was made for authority to locate tho
warrant in the State of Louisiana. Since that
time the public lands of that State have also been
entered and taken up; and the application lie now
wishes to make is, that he may be allowed to locate
his warrant upon any of the public lands of the
United States. The matter will then come before
Congress in the shape of a bill, if reported back
by the Committee on the Public Lands, to which
I shall move its reference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The most regu-
lar way would be to file an amended petition.
There was no objection; and it was
Oulerctl, That leave be granted for the withdrawal of the
petition nnd pnpem of John Crnwfoid.
Mr. KEtTT. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 46, noes 53; no quorum voting.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask for tellers oh the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millsok
and Flagler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 57, noes 45.
•So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at three o'clock and thirty-five minutes) the
: House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve o'clock
' m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 19, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterdaywas read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary
of State, in answer to the resolution of the Senate
of the 17th ultimo, requesting transcripts of cer-
tain correspondence and other papeis touching
the Republics of Nicaragua and Costa Rica, the
Mosquito Indians, and the convention between
the United States and Great Britain of the 19th
of April, 1850; which, on motion by Mr. Jones,
of Iowa, was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of State, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate of January
17th. The resolution called for a copy of the
report of adjudications made by the board of
American commissioners at Paris on the claims
of Amcncan citizens to indemnity for Fiench
spoliations prior to the year 1800. The Secretary
of State says that, after the most diligent search,
no such report can be found in the Department.
The communication was, on motion by Mr.
Hamlin, ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have received
and been requested to present to the Senate the
petition of Horatio J. Perry, late acting charge
d'affaires of tho United States at Madrid, who
asks for the difference between the salary of a
secretary of legation and that of a charge for
the time that he performed the duties of the latter
position; and, also, for some additional compen-
! sation for expenses incurred. I move that the
