2048
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 11.
argument of Jefferson, and it was the argument
of another of Virginia's sons, whose brilliant
genius has given immortality to the name of John
Taylor, of Caroline. Then, sir, Mississippi is
following in the footsteps of illustrious prede-
cessors; she is carrying out the teachings of dis-
tinguished statesmen.
But, in reference to the charge made by the
gentleman from New York, I undertake to say
that the State of Mississippi has never repudiated
her debts—never ! never ! never ! When the
framers of the constitution of that State went
into convention, they had seen that the funding
system in Europe was more mighty m oppress-
ing the people than even the thunders of cannon
or the point of the bayonet. They had seen
kings and dynasties upheld by this funding
system, and they had seen that all the moneyed
aristocracy of Europe had become-interested in
sustaining them—in sustaining a system which
imposed heavy burdens upon the masses of
the people. The State of Mississippi, seeing and
understanding this, did not, as certain States will
do, which will after awhile repudiate their debts;
but she gave notice in a written form, by her
organic law, that she would only be responsible
for debts or loans created in pursuance of her
written constitution, where it reads as follows,
to wit:
" That no law shall be passed to raise a loan of money
upon the credit of the State, or pledge the faith of the State
for the payment or redemption of any loan or debt, unless
such bill be passed in the Senate or Ilouese of Representa-
tives, and be agreed to by a majority ol the membeisof each
flouse, and entered on their Journals, with the yeas and
nays taken theieon, and be reteried to the next succeeding
Lcgudatuic, and published for three month? next picvious
the next election, m three newspapeis of the Stat<*; arid
unless a majority of eaeh braneli ot the Legislature m)
elected after &ueh publication shall agicc lo and pass such
law ; and in such case the yeas and nays <?hall be taken and
spread upon the Journals of each Hou^e."
We thus gave notice to the world that this was
our form of government, and that the people of !
Mississippi would never become responsible for 1
any debt which was not created in accordance
with her constitution. Now, sir, when those
bonds were about being negotiated to Nicholas
Biddle, he took the constitution of the State, to-
gether with the charter, submitted them to, and
procured the advice of, such men as Daniel Web-
ster, Robert J. Walker, and Horace Binney, who
gave as their opinion that, issued as they were
m violation of the constitution of the State, they
were void. Well, sir, under these circumstances
he purchased the bonds. It was after the United
States Bank of Pennsylvania, had commenced
the issuance of post notes to keep grinding the
people a month or two longer, that he made this
purchase. This purchase was made to enable
him to obtain money from the capitalists of Eu-
rope to sustain the bank of which he was pres-
ident.
Now, it is a principle in equity that he who
trusis most must lose most. The world had gen-
eral, and Mr. Biddle had special, notice through
the constitution and the charter under which the
bonds were issued, that the issuance and sale of
such bonds were void and a violation of the rights
of the people; for no charter authorizing the
issuance of such bonds was ever passed in pur-
suance of the requisitions of the constitution.
And this fact the people have declared at the
ballot-box—not to avoid the payment of a debt,
but (o sustain their written form of government
against the machinations of a moneyed aristoc-
racy and a soulless corporation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from New York, I wish to
ask whether I understood him correctly, that the
States would never pay back the surplus whi<di
was distributed to them during General Jackson's
administration 5
Mr. SIMMONS. I said they would not be
very likely to be called on to pay it back.
Mr. JONES. Now, sir, I ask the gentleman
from Mississippi, and the gentleman from New
York can answer, if it was not a condition upon
which the money of the Government was de-
posited with the States, that befoie they should
receive it, the. Legislatures should pledge the faith
of the States that they would return the money
when called tor? That was the condition. Now
I submit, that if the General Government was to
call lor this money, and the States refuse to
pay, it would be nothing but naked repudiation,
which, in my opinion, Mississippi was never
guilty of.
Mr. SIMMONS. Illinois and Mississippi
received the money and applied it to their own
uses, and afterwards, when the stocks fell and
there was a scarcity of money throughout the
country, they alleged that their agents were not
duly authorized. I see a great many grounds of
excuse for both States, on the ground of neces-
sity, and of railroad stocks. I can excuse them;
but, after all, the example is one not to be imi-
tated. It is not right, where money has been re-
ceived by a State through its agents, though con-
trary to instructions, and then used by the State,
to refuse to refund it. I never heard of a court
deciding, when a man consented to receive the
benefit of what his agent had done, that he could
plead want of authority in the agent, without
refunding what he had received. Let that be as
it may, what Illinois and Mississippi did, they
did under a strong necessity. The value of
everything was changed, and to have made them
pay then what they had borrowed, would have
subjected them to great sacrifices and embarrass-
ments, and compelled them to pay four or live
times as much as they had agreed to pay.
Mr. WRIGHT. If what the gentleman states
be true, it will put my State under an obligation
to discharge the debt. But my friend is mistaken.
Whenever the representative ceases to act under
the authority of his Government he ceases to be
its agent. The power of the agents of a State is
limited by the constitution they are sworn to
support. The gentleman says that they received
the money. Who received it? The agents who
received the money were the agents of the bank,
and not the agents of the State
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 mean to say this: I am
opposed to a State borrowing money from men
living abroad, throe thousand miles olf, and after
it has been expended in the construction of rail-
roads, then refusing to pay it back, on the
ground of no power in the agent to borrow it.
The ground taken, that the agents did not act
according to the constitution, looks to me like
one that could not be taken in a court of justice
without placing the lender in statu quo.
I wish to make another suggestion to my friend
from Virginia, and I will then conclude. He
seems to think he has discovered a sovereign
remedy against the United States receiving more
money than it ought to receive. He sees one
Simmons voting to build railroads and court-
houses, <Scc., &c. This remedy looks to me like
an attempt to cure a man having the Asiatic chol-
era with itch ointment. [Laughter.] The disease
is a vital one—it is a consumption. The Federal
Government was to receive all the funds from
duties on imports which are imposed by the
power to regulate commerce with foreign nations;
but it receives twice the amount of revenue that
it wants, and States get none of it.
So with the proceeds of the public lands. My
constituents wished me to vote for a distribution
of the public lands, or the proceeds of their sales,
among the States, so that the old States might have
a share as well as the new. If this were done,
and the revenues from imports divided, one half
among the States, it would put a stop to the other
large expenditures I have spoken of. If we can-
not get. a portion of the public lands, we can get
■ a portion of the proceeds of their sales; and we
1 may apply it to railroad purposes. We could, in
my State, complete the only link wanting of rail-
road connection through the Empire State, be-
tween Quebec and New York; but we give lands
to every one of the new States, and take none
ourselves, as though we had no right to it—as
though we were administrators on the property
of the old States, for the benefit of their children
in the West.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to correct a
statement made by the gentleman from New
York. The proceeds of the bonds negotiated by
the commissioners went into the vaults of the
bank, and were squandered by it. Not one dollar
was used by the State.
Air. LETCHER. I shall not occupy much of
the time of the committee in reply to the remarks
of my friend from New York. Before replying
to him, I desire to correct a misapprehension of
my friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Wright.] He
seems to suppose that I cast some imputation on
his State. Nothing was further from my inten-
tion. The language employed was a mere rep-
etition of the position of the gentleman from New
York, to which I was replying.
Mr. WRIGHT. It is a full explanation, and
I am glad that I misunderstood the gentleman.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from New
York says so much money ought not to be col-
lected by this Government, and that it is for the
purpose of getting rid of the surplus, over and
above what is absolutelynecessary for an econom-
ical administration, that he votes it away for cus-
tom-houses, court-houses, &c. It strikes me that
the Democratic party of the last House of Repre-
sentatives proposed to reduce the revenue, and
bring it down to the standard of an economical
administration, and limit the expenditures to the
smallest amount, and that the gentleman voted
against it.
Mr. SIMMONS. The people will never con-
sent to that.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman voted against
the reduction of the revenue, and says now that
the people will never consent to its reduction.
He has told us to-night that so large a revenue
as we are now collecting is corrupting the people;
that it is one of the means which politicians use
for the purpose of securing power and obtaining
place. Can it be true, then, that the people are
unwilling to reduce the revenue, and thus take
away the means of corruption from the politicians ?
Are they unwilling to reduce the revenue to the
standard of an economical government? No, sir;
itis the politicians, likcmyfriend fromNew York,
who are opposed to this policy. They are tariff
men, and reduction of the tariff is at war witli
their principles and policy.
Mr. SIMMONS. The gentleman does not
understand me. What I meant was, that there
was a misapplication of the money. Not that
there is too much money paid into the Treasury,
but that one branch of the Government gets all,
and the other none.
Mr. LETCHER. Which gets all ?
Mr. SIMMONS. The Federal.
Mr. LETCHER. It is the Federal Govern-
ment under our system which is the collector of
the money, and the Government has no right to
collect more from the people than is absolutely
necessary to support an economical administra-
; tion. This is the part of wisdom upon our part.
! It is the part of duty to reduce the revenue to the
lowest point consistent with an economical ex-
penditure by the General Government. And how
can this be done in any other way than by re-
ducing the duties upon imports so as to reduce
the amount of revenue collected ?
But besides all this, what is the policy of the
gentleman from New York? He proposes to
have an army of agents employed by the General
Government, who are to be paid for collecting
money from the people which the Government
does not need to pay its expenses, and which is
to be returned to the people again through other
paid agents, so that the money is to get back to
the people diminished by the cost of collection
and the cost of distribution. Is that a wise pol-
icy ? Is not the Democratic policy far better,
which leaves the money in the pockets of the
people, and collccts no more than is necessary
fonts purposes on strict principles of economy?
Mr. SIMMONS. It would be if the States had
the constitutional power to collect duties upon
imports. My principle is, that the Government
collect our revenues by duties upon imports; and
if the Government sees fit, let it go into the hands
of the States as agents to make internal improve-
; ments.
j Mr. LETCHER. Let us see how that would
. work. The gentleman's policy is, that the rev-
I cnucs should be collected and be returned to the
] vStatesfor purposes of internal improvement. Is
! it not far better to leave the people with the money
t in their pockets, than to collect and return it to
J them diminished by the costs and charges attend-
! ing such a process? Besides, what is th>n limit
[ upon the Federal Government m the collection
j of revenue? Is it not to pay the debts and pro-
' vide for the common defense and general welfare
i of the Federal Government, and not of the States?
i There is the power, and there is the limitation
I upon its exercise; but, instead of that, the gen-
j tleman would have this limitation stricken out,
• and would have this to he a great central abso-
| lute Government, to collect what it pleases, and
