1174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
pose of maintaining the laws, preserving order,
and to prevent the scenes of bloodshed which were
.threatened to be perpetrated by the friends of the
gentleman from Ohio. There has been, at no
time, an invasion ofKansas by the people of Mis-
souri, to subvert its laws. The people of Mis-
souri are now ready to abide by the laws, and to
assist in their enforcement. They never contem-
plated a contest in that Territory other than such
a contest as is recognized by the laws—a contest
by the ballot-box, in a form recognized in the in-
stitutions of that Territory, and under the pro-
visions of the laws which the Congress of the
United States enacted, to allow the people of that
Territory to settle the question of slavery in such
manner as suits themselves.
Mr. GIDDINGS. May I propound a question
to the gentleman?
Mr. PHELPS. As the member from Ohio
yesterday saw fit to travel out of what I consider
to be a proper course of debate, I do nod^think
that I am called upon at this time to yiel™
Mr. GIDDINGS. As the gentleman wishes.
I desire to propound a question with his consent,
not without.
Mr PHELPS. I prefer not to be interrupted.
The gentleman from Ohio yesterday saw fit to
stigmatize the people of Missouri as engaged in
an attempt to subvert the institutions of Kansas;
and in an attempt, as I suppose he would con-
sider it, to establish slavery in that Territory by
a subversion of the Government. We have
always supposed, and so it was alleged at the
time of the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,
that the people and inhabitants of that Territory
■would be left to decide what institutions should
exist among them. Upon that doctrine the peo-
ple of Missouri have always stood, and now
stand.
But it has been alleged that the pro-slavery
party, those in favor of recognizing slavery in
the Territory of Kansas, are the only persons
who have invaded that Territory. W ith far more
propriety can wo charge upon the Abolitionists
what has been alleged against Missourians. They
hail sometimes from Kansas, sometimes eren from
Missouri, as in the notorious case of Redpath,
who has fabricated so large a number of the
slanders against the Missourians. In petitions
to Congress itedpath is a citizen of Kansas; in
Republican national conventions he sits with the
gentleman from Ohio, and is recognized by him,
without challenge, as the representative of Mis-
souri ! So with Governor Reeder, whose resi-
dence is still in Pennsylvania. Mr. Flenniken,
their first candidate for Delegate to Congress,
was never in Kansas but for a few weeks. He
never was there before that election canvass, nor
has he been there since, if this is true of three
of the most prominent, how must it be with the
mass of those more obscure? When the first
election closed, half of the Abolition voters left
Kansas.
I have been willing to await, in the discussion
of this question, the report of the committee which
has been sent to Kansas by this House, to in-
vestigate this whole question; but when the gen-
tleman from Ohio sees fit to stigmatize the people
of Missouri as " traitors," I ask him, and I ask
you, when have they ever proved disloyal to this
Government ? When have they arrayed them-
selves in opposition to the laws and constituted
authorities? When have they been in arms for the
purpose of resisting the constituted authorities
of the Government of the United States, or of
the authorities of any of the Territories of this
Union? They have never been found in that
position. But at this very time you find an armed
force going to the town of Lawrence for the pur-
pose of enforcing and executing laws which the
people of Kansas themselves had enacted. You
find murders and assassinations arc being perpe-
trated by the Abolitionists in that Territory, and
they have those who incite them to that course,
and arm their emigrants with Sharpe's rifles, for
the purpose of making war upon the pro-slavery
party in that Territory. Yes, this is the course
pursued by those who endeavor .to get up a civil
war, who endeavor to promote and instigate that
" treason" in the Territory of Kansas which is
charged on the people of Missouri. This is
illustrated, in letters of blood, in the recent case
of the sheriff of Douglas county, who, in the
darkness of midnight, was shot when in the actual
discharge of his official duty. Missourians con-
quered for you New Mexico, Utah, and Cali-
fornia, but never resisted yfour officers or sub-
verted your laws. They will always fight for, but
never against, the regularly constituted authorities
of their country. They can hurl lighted bombs
into the fortress of an enemy with their naked
hands, but they cannot shoot a Government
officer in the back in the night! And yet these are
the brutal scenes which the gentleman from Ohio
seems to desire to see enacted in the Territory
of Kansas. These are the unfraternal strifes
which he appears to be fomenting, which must
result in civil war.
At this time I only desire to strongly deny
the truth of the charges made by the member
from Ohio—that they were charges existing only
in the distempered, the diseased, the vitiated
imagination of the author, and unsupported by
facts. I do not desire to travel out of the proper
inline of debate; I do not desire to transgress any
rule of order provided for the government of this
body—it is not my custom to do so.
What have we now under consideration? It
is the disagreeing votes between the two Houses
of Congress to the deficiency bill, and that is the
only question under consideration. Yet upon this
the member from Ohio, in violation of the rules
of this body, saw fit to go into a discussion of
this Kansas question—a question wholly irrel-
evant and to the hindrance of the public busi:
ness. I am wholly indisposed to shrink from a
discussion of that question. I will meet it at a
suitable time. I am ready to enter into that dis-
cussion whenever we can have the largest lati-
tude of debate. At this time it is sufficient for
me to brand the charges made by the member
from Ohio, as untrue.
To turn now to the subject-matter under con-
sideration. I was inquired of yesterday, Mr.
Speaker, whether the money proposed to be ap-
propriated in this bill was not to be expended for
the purpose of maintaining the troops in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, so as to subjugate that people?
I responded yesterday " No;" 1 said that it was
not. And 1 am ready now to answer in regard to
another matter, winch, if time had been atForded
me, 1 would then have answered. I say that,
under existing appropriations (which are not yet
exhausted) for the support of the Army, your
troops which are now stationed in Kansas can
be maintained there at the posts where they are
placed, or anywhere within the inhabited portions
of the Territory, without the need of asking for
any of the additional appropriations contained in
this bill. There is no money proposed to be ap-
propriated for the pay of the Army—I mean for
the wages of the soldiers. The appropriation for
that purpose is not yet exhausted. There is no
appropriation in these amendments for the pur-
pose of purchasing provisions, or for expenses
incurred ill tile commissariat department. There
is no portion of this money intended for the pur-
chase of rations, nor for the pay of the men, nor
for the purchase of clothing. It is a well-known
fact, to any person who knows anything of the
Army, that to every company there is a certain
amount of transport means assigned. They have
the wagons, and the animals necessary to move
these wagons, for the purpose of transporting
the baggage belonging to the company. And for
every company now stationed in the Territory
of Kansas, there is money enough to pay the
men their wages; money enough for the purpose
of procuring rations and clothing; money enough
to defray the expense of transport to any portion
of the inhabited parts of theTerntory of Kansas.
But, if you desire to send troops to another place
—if you desire to send troops now in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas to the extremity of the Territory
of Nebraska, into the Sioux country—then you
would require additional appropriations for the
purpose of moving them there.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Missouri whether I understood
him correctly yesterday. I understood the gen-
tleman yesterday to acknowledge that the move-
ment of these troops from their encampment to
Lawrence, and while traveling through the Ter-
ritory, would be paid from these appropriations.
Mr. PHJELPS. The member from Ohio mis-
understood me. I stated expressly otherwise.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I understand that. I did
understand the gentleman, when I propounded
that question, to answer distinctly in the affirma-
tive—that they would be paid out of these appro-
priations; and I expressly stated that it was due
to the gentleman that he should make this expla-
nation.
Mr. PHELPS. I reply that the member from
Ohio misunderstood me. I nodded my head, and
then said that I would afterwards explain this
matter, for the member from Ohio was unwilling
to let me then give the explanation. He wanted
me to give then an explicit answer—Yes, or No.
I was willing to give an explicit answer; but I
wished to accompany it with an explanation. I
did not seek to impress upon this House that
these troops employed in Kansas would not be
paid. By no means. Nor did I wish to be mis-
represented in the matter. I will now explain
the whole matter.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I propounded no such ques-
tion to the gentleman. I did propound a question
to him, and I stated distinctly to him, and to the
House, that unless that were the case—unless it
was intended that these troops should have their
pay and traveling expenses defrayed out of these
appropriations—I did not desire to "thrust this
discussion on the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I expressly declared that no
portion of the money was intended to defray
these expenses. When the member from Ohio
talks about the traveling expenses of these troops,
he seems to forget that all these companies have
their transportation means always on hand. Col.
Sumner's troops have their transportation on
hand. They have theirmules, and their wagons.
The money necessary for the pay of the men and
officers of the Army is not a deficiency. Gentle-
men misapprehend the object of these whole ap-
propriations. You carry on the books of that
department your appropriations under the spe-
cific heads for which they are required—so much
money for the pay of the men and officers com-
posing the Army, so much for their subsistence,
so much -for their clothing, so much for the regu-
lar supplies of the quartermaster's department, so
much for transportation, and so much for the pay
of mileage and transportation for officers. When
the officers accompany their troops they get no
additional pay. It is but their monthly allowance
and perquisites which they receive. Hence I
say that all the troops in theTerntory of Kansas
can now be maintained at the military posts
where tliey are now stationed, or can be main-
tained within the inhabited and settled portions
of Kansas, without taking one dollar from the
money proposed to be appropriated in these
amendments now pending between the two
Houses.
Wr. STANTON. I desire to ask this question
of the gentleman from Missouri: Do I under-
stand that there will be no increase of expense in
consequence of the transfer of troops from Leav-
enworth, or wherever they were stationed, to'
Lawrence ?
Mr. PHELPS. None at all — not a dollar.
The gentleman misunderstands the matter of
transport in the Territory of Kansas or on the
plains. You have your animals, and the forage
for them at your forts. They will be subsisted
and fed there. So that when your troops march
forty or fifty miles from the fort into the Terri-
tory of Kansas, at this season of the year, their
animals are fed upon the grass. Their teamsters
arc men regularly employed in the quartermas-
ter's department. So, I say, that when troops
are moved from Port Leavenworth to a distance
of forty or sixty miles within the inhabited por-
tions of the Territory, the expenses are not in-
creased-over and above the regular expenditures
if the troops had remained at their posts.
Mr. STANTON. Then I wish to know what
is covered by that item of transport?
Mr. PHELPS. The purchase of animals ne-
cessary to transport the Army, the purchase of
wagons, and the hire of teamsters. Teamsters are
regularly employed at Port Leavenworth, and
remain about the fort. But when it is necessary
to send troops to California, you have got, if you
send them by water, to pay their passage money
by steamer—$100 or $150 for each man, and so
much more for their baggage. Hence it is that
when you send troops in that manner you have
to incur larger expenses than you would by
moving these troops over the plains. Let me
give the gentleman an instance which was related
