THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1856.
New Series....No. 129.
distribute it as it pleases. And besides that, after
this revenue is collected, could you return it in
the same proportions to the pockets from which
it came ? Coufd those who paid this revenue into
the Government get back the pro rata share which
they have paid ? You could not return it in the
same way; and the result would be, that you
would collect from the people of my State, (for
example,) and give to the people of your State
that which is absolutely the property of my peo-
ple, and which this Government had no right to
demand from them. It could not be otherwise.
It is obliged to be so; and whenever you place
this Federal Government in that position, I would
not give that [snapping his finger] for the rights
of the States. But my friend, 1 take it, is a regular
old -fashioned Federalist. How is that, my friend ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Very likely.
Mr. LETCHER. I judged so. And I judged
so from some bills which 1 have seen prepared
by him in this House, which shows that he is
for breaking down the State authority, and over-
riding it by the power of the Federal Govern-
ment. At this very time he has a bill which he
proposes to introduce into this House, which
gives to the Federal Government the power to
supervise and control the railroads and turnpikes
of the States.
Mr. SIMMONS. Probably the gentleman refers
to a bill regulating the running of trains, &c., on
the ground that Congress has power to regulate
commerce between the States. We cannot sup-
pose, that if the channels of commerce are changed
by art and inventions since the Constitution was
formed, so that all our internal commerce is now
carried on by railroads instead of the old-fashioned
canals and rivers—I say we cannot suppose that
that would change the Constitution; and the
same principles of the Constitution winch ap-
plied to the regulation of commerce by canals
and rivers, applies to the same commerce carried
on by railroads.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the gentleman ac-
knowledges that he has a bill which proposes to
invest the Federal Government with power to
supervise and control State railroads, their mode
of running, their time of running, and everything
of that sort, within the limits of the States.
Mr. SIMMONS. I did not say everything.
Mr. LETCHER. Everything of that sort, I
said. What clause of the Federal Constitution
gives the authority under which he claims to ex-
ercise the power to go into the State of Virginia,
by Government officers, and control the railroad
interest of that State ?
Mr. SIMMONS. It has been decided by the
Supreme Court of the United States, by Chief
Justice Marshall, that the power of the General
Government includes within it the power to reg-
ulate the instruments of commerce, so far as to
determine how vessels should be manned, &c.
Now, then, if Congress has the power to regulate
commerce among the States, that implies the
power to regulate the instruments of commerce;
and if the instruments of State commerce have be-
come railroads instead of canals and rivers—and
the courts have decided also, that commerce means
intercourse, and that they have the right to regu-
late vessels for carrying passengers as well as
merchandise—then Congress has the power to
regulate commerce upon railroads. I am unable
to see how a new invention which brought rail-
roads into being since the Constitution was made,
and changed the channels and instruments of com-
merce from canals and rivers to railroads, can
change the Constitution. Railroads are important
for transportation from State to State. They are
not merely for the inland and purely domestic
commerce of Virginia and JXew York, but they
are for transporting passengers and property from
State to State. They are our great national chan-
nels of commerce; and I should like to know how,
if the power of-Congress to regulate commerce
includes, as Chief Justice Marshall says, the
power to regulate the instruments of it, the Gov-
ernment can get over its power to regulate rail-
roads ?
129
Mr. LETCHER. Then I suppose it follows,
as a matter of course, that every turnpike leading
to a railroad, that is used as a wagon road for the
transportation of anything which the gentleman
chooses to call commerce—the trade carried on
by individuals, either inside or outside their
States—is to be under the control of the Federal
Government. Then we will have Congress pre-
scribing the rate at which six-horse wagons are
to run per hour; prescribing the rate for carts
drawn by mules or oxen; the breadth of the
wheel; the width of the road; everything of that
sort.
Now, I had no idea on earth that any gentle-
man went so far. I had no notion that my friend
from New York, as he grew older, grew worse
in his Federalism. I had supposed that, with
the lights before him, the scales would have long
since fallen from his eyes. I had thought, from
the gentleman's frequent references to Mr. Jef-
ferson, that he was on the high road to the great
temple of Democracy, and that he would, sooner
or later, become himself one of us; but I give
him up to-night. After his theory with regard
to the right of the Federal Government over the
States, I have no earthly hope of him; and I
think he is about as bad a piece of material to
make a Democrat out of as any other piece of
material on that side of the House.
At half past ten o'clock, the committee rose,
and the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 12,1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. When we adjourned yester-
day, we lacked one of a quorum. We were
voting by yeas and nays on the passage of the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill. I hope there will be no objection to allowing
us to take the vote now and pass it. The House
are out of appropriation bills, and I want to send
one to them.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. Before that is done, I wish to
make a correction in the bill. The salaries of the
judges in this District were increased, but we did
not increase the aggregate amount of appropri-
ation.
Mr. HUNTER. By general consent that
change can be made.
Mr. TOOMBS. The object will be attained by
adding $5,000 to aggregate sum for salaries of
the judges of the District of Columbia. 1 ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to increase the
sum appropriated, by adding §5,000, making it
conform to the other provision.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That change
will be made by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears no objection. The question now is on the
passage of the bill as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I expect to voteagainst
the passage of the bill, I will give my reason for
doing so without occupying more than a moment
of the time of the Senate. I will call attention
to a portion of the bill from the nine hundred and
ninety-first to the ninehundredandninety-seventh
line. There are" several other provisions similar
to this, but the striking out of tlusprovison alone,
if there were none other in the bill, would com-
pel me to vote against it. That provision reads
as follows:
" Provtilcdy homei er, That no part of the money heieby
appropriated shall he expended foi ptospou*mg or reaming
any person or persons charged with treason, or with any other
political offense in the Terntory of Kansas, for any prose-
cutions that have been heretofore instituted for political
offense?.5'
We know that there are at this time confined,
in tentf on the plains of Kansas, a number of
persons charged with treason and constructive
treason- 
Mr. REID. I rise to a question of order. ;
The yeas and nays have been called, and the
Senate has proceeded to vote, and therefore I
submit debate at this stage is not in order. Thfe
Senate is engaged in taking the vote properly,
and debate is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The vote
taken yesterday is treated as a nullity, and no
Journal is made of it, there having been no quo-
rum present. It comes up now as an original
proposition, and the question is on the passage
of the bill. The Senator from Illinois is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And an amendment has
been adopted this morning. I stated, when I was
interrupted, that it was known to the country
that there were at this time confined in tents on
the plains of Kansas a number of persons charged
with treason and constructive treason, and per-
haps some for other political offenses, though of
that I am not certain. It has been very generally
admitted by the friends of the authorities in Kan-
sas, as well as those opposed to the action there,
that those indictments cannot stand. It has been
so stated here by the friends of the Administra-
tion; and yet, when a bill is sent to the Senate
from the House of Representatives, which pro-
vides that the means of the Government shall not
be used to enforce those prosecutions, that pro-
vision is stricken out by the Senate—as much as
to say these men are to be prosecuted and perse-
cuted—if I may use the word—for the commis-
sion of offenses which we all know they are not
guilty of, which they cannot be guilty of, there
being no war levied against the United States,
and the Constitution of the United States having
defined what treason shall be. After that provis-
ion is stricken out I cannot consent to give my
vote for the bill. I will not take up time, though
a great deal might be said on the subject. My
object has been merely to state an objection, and
an insurmountable objection with me, to voting
for the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, the very rea-
son assigned by the Senator from Illinois why
he cannot vote for this bill is to me a reason why
I should vote for it, or refuse to vote for it if that
provision was stricken out. I will state the prin-
ciple very succinctly, because I do not wish to
prolong debate on this question. No matter
whether these parties are guilty of treason or
constructive treason, (and for myself I know no
such offense against the laws of the United States,)
no matter whether innocent or guilty, the attempt
is here, on the part of the legislative power of the
nation, to interpose, by legislation, to prevent the
adjudication in tlfe courts of justice of questions
which have arisen there. No matter on what
occasion, 1 hold the principle to be so unsound,
that under no circumstances and for no purpose
would I agree to vote for a bill containing such a
provision.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to occupy more
than a minute and a half; but I desire to say that
I propose to take the responsibility of voting
against this bill and voting against all supplies to
carry on the Government as long as it is coupled
with one provision that is in this bill, which is a
grant of $20,000 to pay the members of a Legis-
lature which I believe is not the real Legislature
of the land; and by voting to pay them it seems
to me that I incur the responsibility of sustaining
them. As long as that clause is in the bill I shall
vote egainst any money for the Government, no
matter what the consequences may be. I will
not take the responsibility of voting to pay men
who I believe do not constitute a Legislature.
. The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 13; as follows:
YE \S—Messrs. Adams. Allen, Bayard, Bell ef Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Brown,
Butler, Cass, Clay, Crittenden, Dodge, Douglas, Fuzpat-
rick, Geyer, Hunter, Iverson, James, Jones of Iowa, Mal-
lory,Mason, Pearce, Pratt, Eeid, Sebastian, Shdell, Stuart,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toomfbs,
Weller, and Yulee—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Collamer, Dur-
kee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Fostei, Hale, Seward, Trum-
bull, Wade, and Wilson—13.
So the bill was passed.
