4d0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
placed on the furlough list by the action of the
naval board, asking to be restored to the active
list." This gentleman argues his case at consid-
erable length, and furnishes a variety of testi-
mo«y> which shows quite conclusively that he is
not only an efficient and capable officer, but one
of very high merit. His memorial is accompa-
nied by letters from Commodore Hull, Commo-
dore Paulding, Commodore Crane, Commodore
Kidgley, Commod ore Tattnall and various others,
all tending to the same result. Commodore Hull
says that, if he had been appointed to the com-
mand of a squadron, he should have selected this
gentleman as captain under him. Commodore
Tattnall—in a letter as late as February 4,1856—
speaks in such terms of him that I am tempted
to read a few passages:
" fhave never known you to command a ship that was.
not remarkable fot her high condition ; and those whom I
have heard object to your tempei, vla hasty on duty, have
generally conceded to you very high qualities as an offiecr,
and the refined courtesies of a gcntlenfan in your personal
associations.
" Some years have elap«ed since, on a certain occasion,
X offered you a testimonial of my e.-teem and friendship.
Those sentiments are not affected by the ceneurc of the
board of officers, and, without assuming to impugn its mo-
tives or judgment, I must way, my old friend, that the retii-
ing of no oflicer caused me as much surprise as yours, and
that you have my heartfelt sympathy."
Sir, I know this officer personally, and he re-
mains in full possession of all his mental and
physical vigor. He hay the reputation of being
an officer of uncommon ability, gieat knowledge
of seamanship, and thorough efficiency in every
particular. His temper, it is true, is somewhat
hasty, and has brought, him into difficulties more
than once; twice I believe he has been court-mar- |
tialed, and paid the penalty tor those offenses,
but without his character as an officer or as a
gentleman being; culled in question. I move that
his memorial be referred to the Committee on
.Naval A Hairs.
The motion was agreed to,
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. MASON. I wish to stale to the Senate,
that I received a note this morning from the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton*,] who, I
regret to say, informs mo that he is very much
indisposed, and not likely very soon to come into
tlie Senate, in which he has suggested that the
reference of the letter of Lord John Russell
should be made. I therefore ask that the Senate
will now take it up for that purpose.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. J wish to submit
Rome remarks on the subject of that reference
before it is disposed of. ft. is only recently that
1 have had any inclination to take part m the
debate.
Mr. MASON. . I will not press the reference
of the paper after it is taken up, if the gentleman
then expresses a desire to go on. 1 only ask that
it may be taken up.
The PRESIDENT. The morning business is
not yet disposed of.
Mr. AlASOX. Wry well; (hen 1 shall wait.
After the transaction of other bu.xine.s*,
Mr. MASON again rose nod said: I hope the
paper will now be taken up. The Senator from
Delaware will not be able to be here.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". 1 apprehend it is too
late to accomplish the object of my friend from
Virginia in calling up that matter. It is nearly
one o'clock.
Mr. MASON. I submit the matter entirely to
the convenience of the Senator from Kentucky.
As he does not desire that the subject shall now
be taken up, I withdraw my motion.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. BROD1IEAD, it was
Onlric'U That the memorial of Koboit GiahcUii, (HM)iiij;
for the continuation of in- title to certain land, and eom-
pcnsation toi other land which belonged to Inm, but wa«
sold by the Cum d Si.ae*., be withdiawn from the tiles of
tile Senafe, and refeiied to tne Committee on Private Laud
Ulainife.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the memoiiaf of the heirs of Major Samuel
Pcotr, an ofhcci of the Ke\olution, [nauin; tor the bounty
land duo to their ancestor by le-joluuon of the Le ud<ume
of Virginia, which they were unable to obtain, on account
of their papers bem^ im-slaid m the Pension Office by the
Government officer* there, and not benii* loiind until the
resolution c\pn<d by limitation, bo witlnhawn fro in the
flle^ of the Hehau\ and reteried to the Committee on Kevo-
lutionaiy claims
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Jamen H. Gale, praying
to be allowed the bounty land to which lus brother was
entitled, as an officer of the Aimy of the United States, be
withdrawn from the file? of the Senate, and ieferred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, in the
House of Representatives, on the 13th instant, it
was ordered "that Mr. Broom be permitted to
take from the files the petition of Elizabeth Mont-
gomery, with the accompanying documents, to
be submitted to the Court of Claims/' Upon
search there it was ascertained that the papers
were in the Senate. I move that leave be granted
to withdraw the petition of Elizabeth Montgom-
ery, heir of Hugh Montgomery, praying for
remuneration for losses and services during the
revolutionary war, from the files of the Senate,
and refer them to the Court of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of James Harrington, praying
for indemnity for sickness and Joss of time m the United
States service, he withdiawn from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on ? Tilitary Affairs.
COMMITTEE REPORTS.
Mr. EVANS. Some time ago several petitions,
which I hold in my hand, four in number, were
presented and referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims. They are petitions from the i
heirs of revolutionary soldiers, who were alive at!
the passage of the act of 3d March last, but have '
died since; and according to the rule which has )
[ been established in the Depaitment their heirs |
< cannot get the land. Although these claims ori- j
! gumtedin the Revolution, thesubjectto which they '
j relate does not belong to the jurisdiction of the J
; Committee on Revolutionary Claims. I am, |
| therefore, directed by that committee to move that I
, they be discharged from the consideration of the [
; petitions of the heirs of Benjamin Hathaway, of <
the heirs of Oliver Weeks, of the heirs of Ehsha j
; Williams, and the heirs of Isaac S. Wlutford, i
arid that those petitions bo referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, fiom the same committee, to
whom were referred the petition of citizens of De
Kalb county, Alabama, in behalf of Sarah Bengo,
the petition of John Vreeland, and the petition
of John Burkhalter, all praying for pensions,
asked to be discharged from their further consid-
eration, and that they be referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions; \\ Inch was agreed to.
AMENDMENTS OF THE RULES.
Mr. HALE submitted the following resolution;
winch was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
llcaolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to m<|uiic into the expediency of lepuiuug a lesohiuon or
rule providing for the distribution of documents ordered to
be printed by the Senate.
Mr. WELLER gave notice of his intention to
move so to amend the rules of the Senate as to
provide that each State shall be called in its turn
for the presentation of petitions.
MAIL FAILURES.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 oiler the following resolution,
and I ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
ooumnmie.ire to the Senate the e.m.-eor causes of tile very
Iteqiient failuie of the noitliein mail m its transmission to
this city, and what mea-mes aie nece^ary to icincdy the
evil. _
Mr. YULEE. The Committee on thffpost
Office and Post Roads has called for that informa-
tion from the Post Office Department, and it is
now being prepared, in order to be sent to the
committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Senator from
Florida is mistaken. According to my recollec-
tion, the action of the committee was limited to a
call on the Postmaster -General for the reasons
of the failure of the mail between New York and
New Orleans.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution will lie
over if objected to.
Mr. I-IAMLIN. I do not understand thatany
Senator objects.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BIGGS asked and obtained unanimous
consent to introduce a joint resolution declaring
in what manner the pension laws for the benefit
of the Cherokee Indian? shall be executed: which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to amend and consolidate the navigation,
revenue, and collection laws of the United States,
and for other purposes; which was read twice by
its title and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. Ho stated that he did not ask for its
printing, because the bill, which is a very long
one, had been printed at the last session.
Mr. MALLOR.Y, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to incorporate the St. Thomas's Literary So-
ciety, in the District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. G-EYER, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to.
amend an act entitled k' An act to provide for the
payment of horses and other property lost and
destroyed in the military service of the United
States," approved March 3, 1849; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
PRINTING APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported a joint resolution (S. R. 5) to
supply a deficiency m the appropriations for print-
ing for the second session of the Thirty-Third
Congress; which was read a first time, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. IITJNTER. The object of this joint res-
olution is to allow the use of the printing appro-
priations for this fiscal year to meet the deficien-
cies of the last year. I ask for the immediate
consideration and passage of the joint resolution.
Bv unanimous consent, the joint resolution was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize the
Secretary of the Treasury to apply so much as
may be necessary of the appropriations for print-
ing and paper for the Thirty-Fourth Congress, to
| the deficiencies in thcappropiiations fortheprmt-
i ing of the second session of the Thirty-Third
Congress.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, and was read the third time and
passed.
BOUNTY LAND LAW.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
(IT. R. 8,) to amend "the act in addition to
certain acts granting bounty land to certain offi-
cers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military scrvicc of the United States,'' approved
March 3, 1855, was read a first time, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. STUART. I ask that the bill may be now
read a second time, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The bill was read the second time; and the
question was stated to be on referring it to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This bill contains but a
single section, repealing a clause m the bounty
land lav/of 1855, and I suggest to my friend from
Michigan the propriety of suffering it to lie oil
the table until to-morrow morning, so that Sena-
tors may look at it, and then, jDerhaps, we may
come to the conclusion that there is no necessity
for its reference. In the mean time, I will consult
with the head of the Department which has here-
tofore executed the bounty land laws, in regard
to this subject.
Mr. STUART. If I state to the Senator from
Pennsylvania what is the present condition of the
subject to which the bill relates before the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, I apprehend he will con-
cur with my motion. Several petitions have been
presented to the Senate and referred to that com-
mittee respecting the same subject, and the com-
mittee have matured, or nearly matured, a bill to
effect the object. Now, if there be anything m
the bill passed by the House of Representatives
which should be embodied in that, or which
should change the views of the committee, it cer-
tainly is better to have the matter presented to
the Senate as a whole. The object of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, as the question now
stands before 'them, is to present a bill which will
meet all the cases that, in their judgment, ought
to be provided for; and, with a view to that, I
