1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
34th Cowg....1st Sess.
Clayton-Bulwer Treaty—Mr. Clayton.
Senate.
le Hoi rie 1* Grande-Brftagne et Sa Majes t< le Roi d'Espagne,
'oXi Ss le H Juillet, 1786. -Martc.>S Rec. it
Tr., it. (1786), pp. 133 to 140.
The first thing to be noticed in regard to this
is that, while the writer refers to the declaration
made by the British Plenipotentiary five days be- j
fore the exchange of ratifications, he makes no
reference whatever to the counter-declaration in
reply to it, contained in my letter on the very
day of the exchange and immediately before it,
■which restricted and limited the meaning of the
British Minister's declaration, and confined it to
the meaning originally intended by the treaty.
All that is entirely ignored by the author. Then
he makes a statement which is directly contra-
dicted by my letter, when he says the British
Minister s declaration " was fully adopted by the
American Pleriipotentiary." Again: he places
the submission to the Senate after, instead of
before, these declarations. It. is not necessary for
me to point out all the other incorrect statements
of facts which this extract contains. They will
be discovered by every Senator at a glance.
The matter which particularly demands atten-
tion is the new avowal, now for the first time
announced to the world by any British writer
whose work I have seen, that Belize, or " British
Honduras," is no longer to be considered as a
mere usufruct under the treaty of 1786, but is
converted into a British settlement, both de facto
and de jure, (meaning thereby a colony over
which Great Britain holds absolute dominion,)
for two reasons: first, because " Spain has ceased
to exercise any sovereignty there;" and, secondly,
because "the British jurisdiction is exercised
there under a commission from the Crown tchick
has been recognized by the United States, inasmuch j
as their consul is received at Belize under the ex- j
equatur of the British Crown." 1
Here we mar see the chief object for which
this chapter is introduced. It lays the founda-
tion on which the British Government may here-
after maintain that Belize is held by it as a col-
ony in perpetuity, and this in open defiance of the
treaties of 1786 and 1814 with Spain,.and of the
treaty of 1826 with Mexico, and of two -several
acts of Parliament of 1817 and 1819, expressly
acknowledging that Great Britain never held any
dominion in that district. The exequatur allowed
our consul there is alluded to by Lord Claren-
don; and his attempt to estop the United States
from denying the British claim of sovereignty
there is well answered by Mr. Buchanan. While
I was at the head of the State Department, I dis-
covered that Mr. Polk had applied through Mr.
Bancroft to the British Colonial Office for an
exequatur to Christopher Hempstead, who had
been appointed American consul at Belize, and
immediately anticipating the very consequences
which have arisen from continuing the consul
there, I withdrew Mr. Hempstead, and abolished
his consulate. Mr. Webster succeeded me, and
he reappointed and sent Mr. Hempstead back to
Belize, and renewed the consulate. This was no I
doubt very gratifying to the British Minister;
but the effect of it has been, as we now see, to
supply Great Britain with a reason for asserting
a claim which she had on so many previous
occasions solemnly repudiated.
The question is asked, what measure we pro-
pose in the existing state of the relations between
this country and Great Britain? Various sug-
gestions have been made by honorable gentlemen.
Jit has been advised by one that the treaty should
be abrogated; by another, that we should arbi-
trate the question; by a third, that we should give
notice of our intention, at the expiration of a
certain period, to compel Great Britain to abandon
the territory of Central America. I propose to
consider, very briefly, these three propositions;
. and I am the more particularly inclined to do it,
because I have seen, to-day, ah announcement to
the effect that Great Britain is about to send an
unusual number of troops to Canada. If this be
true, the number sent seems to indicate some
apprehension, at least, on the other side of the
water, that there is about to be a rupture between
the two countries. No matter how that may be,
it is proper for me to give my free thoughts to the
country, and particularly to the Senate, in regard
to what I think is the duty of our Government
under existing circumstances. I desire, first, to
address myself to the question of the abrogation
of the treaty.
When the Central American question was first
presented to the Senate, at the present session, by
the President of the United States in his annual
message, indignant at the new construction put
upon the treaty by the British Government, I rose
in my place, and announced my opinion on the
subject, and especially in regard to the question
of construction. Among other things, I said
(and I say now) that, if it can be shown to me
that the interests of this country can be sustained
in this quarter by an abrogation of the treaty—
and I have endeavored to explain what those in-
terests are, and how important they are—I was
Suite ready to join in a declaration that Great
iritain had violated it, and absolved us from its
obligations. On the true principles of public law,
one party to a treaty cannot annul it; but if one
party break it the other may, at its peril, declare
that fact, and demand to be released. I foresaw
that, if this should be done, we should be thrown
back on what is called the Monroe doctrine, which
neither branch of Congress ever did sustain, and
in my judgment neither ever will sustain. I do not
intend to go into a discussion of the Monroe doc-
trine—I have, on a former occasion, fully dis-
cussed it. From the commencement to the close
of its history I never was the advocate of the
doctrine. I have repeatedly warned the Senate
that an attempt to resort to it would always be a
failure. The language which I used on the oc-
casion to which I have alluded was misconstrued,
as I found afterwards, in a portion of the public
press. What I said was that, if Great Britain
outraged us so far as her shameful misconstruc-
tion of the treaty might lead her to do, I was will-
ing to give my vote to drive her from Central
America, under the color of the Monroe doctrine,
or under any other pretension which others may
choose; not because I am an advocate for the
Monroe doctrine, but because, under the circum-
stances, I consider that such an injury will have
been inflicted on this country as demands redress.
That is my opinion.
But, sir, I oppose the abrogation of the treaty,
and not merely for the reason that we cannot
carry out the Monroe doctrine. It is perfectly
•clear to my mind that, the moment we declare the
treaty annulled. Great Britain will recur to the
very course which she adopted to obtain posses-
sion of Belize. As soon as she finds herself at
liberty, being no longer trammeled and bound up
by the obligations of the treaty, she may go to
the little State of Honduras, and for a small con-
sideration, backed by a few threats, purchase the
usufruct in the Bay Islands—the mere right of
temporary possession—and she may convert that
into a fee-simple, or title of absolute sovereignty
afterwards, precisely in the same way she con-
verted her usufruct at Belize into dominion and
sovereignty there. .Once release her from the
obligations of the treaty, and we could not possi-
bly prevent her from acquiring a title, which we
could not resist on the principles of international
law, to those very islands which we think so im-
portant as the keys to the commerce of the
adjoining seas.
The abrogation of the treaty also restores the
British protectorate with renewed vigor; and,
u^ess immediately after it shall be annulled we
snould be prepared to attack her in Central Amer-
ica, she will reassert her title so effectively that,
in one year, the whole Isthmus will be under her
influence. Thenceforth the jus transitus innoxii
is abolished, and we are cut off from our terri-
tories on the Pacific unless she pleases to confer
such a boon as a right of passage upon us. Those
territories could not be retained as parts of this
Union under such a state of things. She would
hold the key of their house, and our bond to oblige
us to submit to other aggressions, and still further
insults and injuries. Fifty years from this, if
any great maritime nation shall hold possession
of the passages across this Isthmus, and prove
capable of maintaining it, that nation will be the
mistress of the world.
Still other reasons demand of us to refuse to
release Great Britain from this convention. It
was justly and most eloquently described by my
friend from New York [Mr. Seward] as a meas-
ure to secure the peace and advance the civiliza-J.
tion and commerce of the world. Under better
auspices it must lead more enlightened statesmen
than now rule the destinies of Great Britain to
carry out with us the great work of the projected
ship-canal. I now have before me the survey and
estimates of such a canal, made by Mr. Cnilds,
one of the best of civil engineers, indorsed and
approved by Turnbull and Abert, two other able
\ engineers in the service of this Government, who
performed their labors under the direction of
President Fillmore, and again indorsed and ap-
proved by Walker and Aldrich, British engineers,
I under the direction of their Government—all of
! whom examined and revised the work of Childs.
Not one of them doubted the estimates or the prac-
ticability of the Nicaragua ship-canal, the whole
cost of which, rating superintendence, materials,
and labor in Nicaragua at one hundred and thirty-
eight per centum higher than that for which the
same could be procured in the United States, is
but $31,538,319 55, or .£6,570,483 sterling. The
agents of the American Transit Company assure
| me that the British capitalists declined to aid them
I in cutting this canal, after advising with Lord
i Malmesbury, then in the British Foreign Office,
during the administration of the Earl of Derby,
on the ostensible ground that the profits of the
canal would not reimburse them for the expense,
but really on the ground that the work would
inure chiefly to the benefit of the United States,
and make us masters of the commerce of the world.
Undoubtedly we should participate largely in the
advantages of such a canal, but it would be a work
of such beneficence that the dreams of avarice
and the con jectures of imagination would be dis-
tanced by the realization of the uncounted and
inestimable blessings it would bestow on all the
human family.
The Tehuantepec road has been commenced,
and the great Panama railroad has been com-
pleted, under the pledge of protection to them,
given by both nations in the eighth article of this
treaty. Could it be abrogated without a viola-
tion of faith to these companies engaged in these
works? Both Governments are now bound to
enter into new stipulations for the protection of
these railroads, and all other railroads and canals
that can be constructed in any part of the Isthmus.
Annul the treaty, and the protection of Great
Britain on which those who constructed the Pan-
ama railroad relied is gone, although they have
built the road, and complied with the requisitions
of the treaty by proving its practicability and suc-
cess.
Abrogate the treaty, and then, should a canal
in future be cut across the Isthmus by our enter-
prise, we shall be at the sole expense and hazard
of protecting it. Now, Great Britain is bound
by the treaty to assist us in protecting it; and,
under its provisions, we should find no necessity
of keeping troops or building forts in that distant
region to defend it.
The next question is, shall we arbitrate these
differences with England? To whom can we
refer these differences for arbitration ? To any
prince in Europe ? Great Britain is at present,
or has very lately been, at war with Russia, the
only Government in Europe to which we have
been accustomed to refer subjects for arbitration.
I concur with the honorable gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Brown,] in stating that there is no
Government in Europe to which we could consent
to refer such a question. I do not put my trust
in princes.
Nations rarely abide by awards thus made.
We did not abide by the award made by the
King of the Netherlands on the disputed boundary
line between us and Great Britain. Mr. Webst.ers
submission of the General Armstrong claim to
Louis Napoleon resulted in a decision against us
on a point so clearly in our favor, that our own
Court of Claims has decided that we made our-
selves liable to the claimants by the submission.
This reference I positively refused to enter into;
and I refused to agree to any reference, in a case
so manifestly in favor of the claimants. A refer-
ence of the controversy with Great Britain would
be attended by very unequal consequences to the
parties. A free and unobstructed passage through
the Isthmus is indispensably necessary to us. To
surrender the right of passage there to Great
Britain would be fatal to us, and, in my judg-
