1856.
of the daughter of the late Major Alexander Trueman,
deceased, tor each son and daughter, aforesaid, the sura of
$101), until they shall have, respectively, attained the a-e
of twenty-one years; to be applied by the said several
guardians to the suitable education of the said sons, and to
the u e of the said daughters.
" Appioved May 14, 1800."
This is a grant of $100 a year to the children,
and nothing- at all to the widow. All that was
granted to her by the act of 1793 was a part of a
common fund of $450, for seven years, with her
children. There has been no performance of the
contract; not a dollar has been paid to her under
this promise of $200 annuity, from the year 1799
t0 l.his da^' In July>1799' the Pension of
$450 to the family expired, and since that time
not a cent has been granted to her.
This, sir, is the case. Gentlemen have seen
a supposed summing up, in which the first grant
of $450, and the subsequent grant of $100 a year
to each of the children, to be paid to their guar-
dians, are considered as satisfaction, or in place
of the annuity. Is that a fulfillment of the obli-
gation of the Government ? Would it be a respect-
able plea for an individual—would it have the
color of law or the color of justice for a nation
or individual to set it up? Here is a plain, dis-
tinct obligation, not for the children, but for the
wife. General Wilkinson promised it to encour-
age him to this expedition, and he said to him:
" Think not of your wife; she shall have a pro-
vision for her; she shall have at least $200 a year
from the Government as long as she lives if you
Jail m this undertaking." This is the case, and
1 will not occupy the time of the Senate with it.
Upon the question, whether a bill which came
from the other House, which allows her $1,800,
should be passed, it was negatived by the Senate,
after a motion I made to increase the sum had
also been defeated. A reconsideration was moved
on the rejection of the bill, and it is on that recon-
sideration the Senate is called on to vote. I leave
to your sense of justice and right the bill.
Mr. PJTZPATRICK. I believe the hour has
arrived for the consideration of the bill (S. No.
81) to provide for the payment of claims of citi-
zens of Georgia and Alabama.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
special order for this hour—twelve o'clock.
Mr. BUTLER. I hope we shall allow the
reconsideration to be voted upon.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. J will not interpose
any difficulty to the further consideration of it if
nothing further is to be said;butif the discussion
is to go on I must ask for the consideration of the
special order at this hour.
The PRESIDENT j>ro tempore. If there be no
objection the Chair will state the question on re-
considering the vote rejecting the bill for the relief
of the heirs of the late Colonel John Hardin.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. WELLER. I shall be compelled to repeat
the statement I made before in regard to this
bill.
Mr. CLAY. I trust it will be postponed.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. This hour has been
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PITZPATRICK. I diEUke TCry much
to interfere with any request made by the distin-
guished Senator from Kentucky, especially as he
has intimated that his health is not very good. I
assure him it cannot be worse than naine. I have
come here to-day at great inconvenience, for the
purpose of attending to the bill which is the
special order. It has been here for the last three
years. It has been overruled until I really think
it is due to my State and the parties who are in-
terested that the subject should have a hearing.
shall occupy the attention
of the Senate long. I am inclined to think that,
after the thorough discussion had on a former
day , it will occupy but a short time, and after it
is disposed of I will aid the gentleman from Ken-
tucky in getting up his bili.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. We could have dis-
posed of the bill long ago, if gentlemen would
take the vote. Let the vote be taken on it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from IContucky submit a motion?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir. I did submit
a motion before.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
voted down that motion.
2051
appointed for the special order.
Mr. WELLER. 1 do not propose to discuss
it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is the bill (S. No. 81) to provide for the
examination of the payment of certain claims of
citizens of Georgia and Alabama on account of
losses sustained by depredations of the Creek
Indians.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should be very glad
if I could have a vote on my bill. I move to post-
pone the prior orders.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky asks the Senate to postpone the
special order, for the purpose of proceeding with
the bill (H. R. No. 272) which has been recon-
sidered.
Mr. - IVERSON. What will be the effect
of the motion if it should prevail? To what
time will the special order be postponed? If it
be a general postponement of the special order,
I shall object; but if it be only a special post-
ponement for fifteen minutes, I shall have no ob-
jection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
power of the Senate to postpone the special order
to any hour they think proper.
CLINTON GUARDS, OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. CASS. I desire to ask the Senate to take
up a bill, which, if there be the slightest objec-
tion to it, I will allow it to go over. It is for the
payment of a company of militia who served in
Michigan nearly twenty years ago, and by some
oversight were not paid. The bill states its object.
It is the bill (S. No. 404) for the relief of the
officers and privates of tile Clinton Guards, in
the county of Macomb, in the State of Michigan.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Michigan moves to postpone the special
order for the purpose of taking up this bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the proper
accounting officers to settle the accounts of a
company of Michigan militia, known as the Clin-
ton Guards, for services rendered when ordered
into the service of the United States by the Gov-
ernor of Michigan, on a requisition of the United'
States marshal, for the maintenance of the neutral
obligations and laws of the United States, in the
year 1838, at the like rates as similar services
have heretofore been audited to be paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to know why
this claim has lain over for eighteen years? Why
was it not paid at once ?
Mr. CASS. The accounts were sent on a few
years ago, but were neglected. I think five com-
panies were ordered into servicc. Four of them
have been paid. In this case the rolls were lost.
If the honorable Senator will observe the word-
ing of the bill, he will see that unless they bring
proof to the Auditor that they were ordered out
by the Government of the United States, and
actually enrolled m the service, they are not to
be paid. It authorizes an examination, and that
is all.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
NATHANIEL HAYWABD.
Mr. TOUCEY. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up a bill (S. No. 414) for a constitu-
ent of mine. I have not been able to attend for
some time until this morning. If it gives rise to
any debate I shall consent to have it passed over.
I hope the Senate will.accommodate me in taking
it up.
Mr. PITZPATRICK. I will say to my hon-
orable friend, that I have yielded time after time,
and> now I have only got an hour, and that has
been set especially apart for my bill. I trust my
friend will not interfere with it. It is an important
bill to my constituents, and was set for to-day.
The time is precious. I have yielded ten minutes
of the hour already, and I hope the Senate will
proceed to the consideration of the bill, and dis-
pose of it.
Mr. TOUCEY. As this bill will not take five
minutes, I hope .the Senator from Alabama will
allow me to have it considered.
Mr. CLAY. I will say we have a thousand
constituents interested in our bill, but the Sena-
tor from Connecticut has only one in his claim.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
nVr<^£8?,5f ticutiBsist on his motion ?
Mr. TOUCEY. I must insist on my motion,
have not been able to be here for four weeks
past. 1 be petitioner, in this case, is a man of
inventive genius, who made a discovery of the
highestbenefit to the world, which his necessities,
compelled him to part with before he obtained his
patent, and from which others have become rich,
and are rolling in wealth and luxury, while this
man has really had no benefit from the improve-
ment. I hope the Senate will take it up, and I
think it will pass without difficulty.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Prom the indications
given of the character of the bill by what the
gentleman says, I fear that if we take it up it will
lead to discussion, and thus deprive those whom
1 represent and for whom my bill provides, and
who are a numerous class of sufierers, from a
hearing to-day, which is equivalent to a defeat of
the whole bill. It is an ungracious task not to
yield to the lequests of honorable Senators, and
1 have always done it; but I, myself, am seriously
indisposed, and came here to-day on account of
my great anxiety to have this bill considered this
morning. We liave only aboutthree quarters of
an hour left for its consideration. If the gentle-
man will withdraw his motion and let my bill ba
considered, I do not think it will occupy time,
and at the proper moment I will give any aid thatw
is necessary to help him in getting up his bill.
Mr. TOUCEY. If I were able to be here I •
would withdraw the motion, but the bill might
have been passed during this brief discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Connecticut moves to postpone the special
order, for the purpose of taking up the bill for tha
relief of Nathaniel Hayward.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to grant to Nathaniel Hayward, his
heirs, administrators, and assigns, for the term
of seven years, the full and exclusive right of
making, constructing, using, and vending to
others to be used, his improvement in the mode
of preparing caoutchouc, or India rubber, for the
manufacturing of various articles in which that
substance is used; a description of which improve-
ment is given in a schedule or specification, dated *
November 23, 1838, signed by Hayward, and
filed m the Patent Office; and this grant is not to
be held invalid for the reason that the invention
has been described in a book printed in any other
than the English language. All persons and cor-
porations who have, since the expiration of the
former patent, and prior to the 1st of May, 1856,
in good faith, set up works and commenced and
actually carried on the business of manufacturing
India rubber goods, according to the invention,
are to enjoy the right to use the invention in the
prosecution of their business, notwithstanding the
provisions of this patent; but this privilege is not
to be enjoyed by any person or corporations who
had, by themselves, or by persons under whom
they claim, orto whose business they succeeded,
set up works, or commenced or carried on,under
any name or firm, the business of manufacturing
under the invention, prior to the expiration of the
former patent, or to any persons who had in-
fringed upon it by manufacturing goods without
the license of the patentee.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not my purpose to say
anything, but I cannot vote for a bill for the
renewal of patents. I rise to ask for the yeas
and nays on the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I cannot vote for
the bill as at present advised. If I understand
from the reading of the bill, this gentleman, Mr.
Hayward, obtained a patent a great many years
ago, and disposed of that patent. He sold his
patent, just as every other man has a right to sell
his patent, as is done every day; and after having
sold his patent twenty or thirty years ago, he
comes here now and asks to have it revived. It
is the most extraordinary legislation I ever heard
of. Why did he not keep his patent? The
country gave it to him, and guarantied it to him,
and he chose to sell it. It has been made public,
and every one has a right to use it; and he cornea
here at this late day, and asks the Government
to transfer to him the exclusive privilege of man-
ufacturing this article. I cannot vote for such a
bill. It is extraordinary legislation.
