1178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
assailed him, but who does not entertain the crazy
and maniac idea that laws are nothing after they
are enacted, at the will of any individual.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Docs the gentleman allege
that I assailed my colleague ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly. It was so understood
by him, by me, and by the whole House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I ask the gentleman what
was my language when I assailed my colleague?
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman from Ohio goes
beyond me. I cannot pretend to recollect his
language. It was regarded as an assault by my
honorable friend from' Ohio, [Mr. Campbell;-]
it was so regarded by the whole House, and leu
to a very animated discussion between those two
gentlemen.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman from Mary-
land must be aware that, when my colleague re-
ferred to the matter, I disclaimed, in as clear
language as I was capable of using, that I neither
meant to assail nor show any personal dismspect
to him. mm
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman, I am cWare,
disclaimed any intention to assail his colleague;
but I assert that the language used was m itself
an attack. It was apparent that the gentleman
intended to place the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means in the position of antago-
nism to persons in the State of Ohio who sympa-
thized with the senior member from that State,
[Mr. Giddings,] and to bring on him the charge
of inconsistency in being an opponent of the fugi-
tivc-slave.law in the shape in which it now exists
on the statute-book, and at lite same time furnish-
ing the Administration With the muniments of
war to enforce it at the point of the bayonet.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman permit
me one further interrogatory ?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman from Mary-
land says that he and others understood what I
said as a personal attack on my colleague. I de-
nied any such intention m the most express terms.
Does the gentleman mean to reiterate his misun-
derstanding against my definite understanding ?
Mr. DAVIS. I do not mean to reiterate any
misunderstanding.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Then I any tint what the
gentleman snys is a misunderstanding.
Mr. DAVIS. I accept the statement of (lie
honorable gentleman, thai he did not intend v  hat
was the direct effect of his language. 1 do not
mean to say that the gentleman meant to injure
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means; but the direct tendency of the gentle-
man's language was to plarv the honoiable chen-
:man in a position where he would get the hostility
of men in Ins .district, who might sympathize
with the senior member, in supposing that if is
a legitimate modi1 of conducting 'he afiairs of the
Government to refuse appiopi^ajon:' to cerry oet
a law which aninjonty oi' the prop!,' have passed.
It was to compel him to disregard the duty of
enforcing the laws, or to encounter th.it odium.
It was a piece of that cursed agitation winch has
shaken this countryfor the last five years—an
agitation which gentlemen on the other side of
the House, unfortunat< ly, have given the occa-
sion to be roagitated now, and which the honor-
able gentleman who sits at the head of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—who is opposed to
the agitation of the s(a\ ery question on higher
law principles—is anxious to put an end to so far
as ho can, and brings forth the first-fruits by pro-
claiming tiiat he i.3 willing to cxecute every law
which, having passed through ail the forms, is
spread tltpon me statute-book.
Mr.GIDDINGS. If the gentleman from Mary-
land says that my language imputed to my cul-
Ifiague a want of all the knowledge of the items
embraced in the appropriation, then he is correct.
But I meant no disrespect. I asked my colleague ,
whether a certain measure was embraced in the ;
appropriation. He could not tell me. Ifthc^en-'
tie man argues that that was disrespect, then I have
nothing to say.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not carry the language of
the gentleman very distinctly in my mind, but I
think the word covcrihj was applied to the ap-
propriation lor the purpose of enforcing the fugi-
tive slove law.
A Member. And the word fraudulent.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not remember about that.
Covertly I think was used, The question was put
to the chairman whether he was a supporter of
that law, and whether lie would vote for the
appropriation ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will explain to the gentle-
man and to the House. I have been accustomed,
in former Congresses, when inquiries were made
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, to hear him give the precise estimate for
every item. When asked whether any item was
embraced by a certain appropriation,! have been
used to see the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, or some member of that com-
mittee, give the estimates on which the appropri-
ation was predicated. I supposed that my col-
league had that information. I asked him whether
he had the estimate from the Department in re-
gard to the arrest and return of fugitive slaves,
and whether that item was embraced by this ap-
propriation? This is a deficiency bill. It is to
supply deficiencies in the regular appiopriations.
I wished to be informed whether the Departments
had furnished him with the estimates for the item
under the fugitive slave law? But I did not im-
pute to my colleague any other want of duty,
except that, 1 found, him destitute of those esti-
mates.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled JBills, reported that that committee had
examined and found trulyenrolhd a bill and a
joint resolution of the following titles:
An act to amend the act in addition to certain
acts granting bounty laml to carfnm officers and
soldiers who have been engaged in the militaiy
service of the United States, approved March 3,
and
A joint resolution for the statistics of the coast-
wise commerce, to be included hereafter m the
annual reports of the Secretary of the Treasury
on commerce and navigation;
When the Speaker signed the same.
DEFICIENCY BILL AGAIN.
Mr. DAVIS, (resuming.) The qu^tion was
put to my honorable friend from Ohio bef-ve
mi1, [Mr. Camciu.ll,] whether he knew that
those tlems relative to the return of the fugitive
slaves from Ohio wee included in this amendment
for the judiciary expenses; and he v.\is nsked
further, if he did know it, would he vote to pay
those expi ns"s 5 And my honorable ftiend fio-a
Ohio iephed Lke a man, "that lie did not d'Scrnn-
mate between the various laws of this Govern-
ment, but that he took the Jaws as his ultimate
guide, and would vote to execute them all.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman is correct
now.
Mr. DAVIS. Perfectly correct. And then the
discussion proceeded upon other points. He
[Mr. Giddin'gs] quoted an authority—and I take
pleasure in eitmg it to my strict-construc-
tion fi lends upon my left—lie quoted the authority
of Thomas Jefferson, in reply to my friend, the
honorable chaiiman of the Committee of Ways
and Means; and said: 441 then would do as
Thomas .Telf-ison did, refuse to execute an un-
constitutional law."
Mr. GIDDINGS. The gentleman's addition
to my words are words which I have no recollec-
tion of using, and which I had no intention to
utter. I will explain to that gentleman what I
meant. I meant that, if a law were unconstitu-
tional, and 1 were President, I would follow the
precedent of Thomas Jefferson, and refuse to put
iorlh any effort, involving myself, m carrying it
out. I referred to that law to which so much
odium has been attached—the alien and sedition
law, which Jefferson, the moment he came into
power, although the judiciary had declared it
constitutional, evaded the force of by releasing
every one who was imprisoned under it. He
used his efforts to carry out the rights of the
people asrainst every other power; and 1 said to
the gentleman that I would do the same.
Mr. DAVIS. I have never thought that Jef-
ferson was the safest guide in construing the
Constitution of the United States, nor in the ad-
ministration of laws.
Mr. GIDDINGS. There is where the gentle-
man and I ditfer.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand it. That is the
foundation of our difference. He was the higher-
law man of his day—a doctrine then modifiecT and
limited, and not to the extent to which ii has now
gone, because that doctrine, like other noxious
weeds,grows from year to year. He laid the found-
ation for disregarding a law which he thought to
be unconstitutional, although the tribunals of the
country had said that it was the law, and ought
to be executed.
Mr. BOCOCK. In what particular did Mr.
Jefferson do so, and what evidence did Mr. Jef-
ferson give that he was a higher-law man ? The
case alluded to by the gentleman from Ohio was
a simple exercise of the pardoning power.
Mr. DAVIS. It was an adroit contrivance to
reach the object through the forms of law. It
was a refusal to execute a law which he was
bound to execute. He ought to have exercised
his pardoning power, not upon the supposition
that every man who came within the law was to
be pardoned, but as a prerogative of mercy applied
to each particular ease,
Mr. BOCOCK. One word more. I know the
gentleman from Maryland is disposed to take a
fair and candid view of the subject.
Mr. DAVIS. I trust so. I always am.
Mr. BOCOCK. I know that the rule which
he would apply to Mr. Jefferson he would apply
to any political friend of his own. Now, sir, the
case winch has been brought tip by the gentle-
man frum Ohio was but the exercise of the par-
doning power by Mr. Jefferson; and my friend
! fiom Maryland comes forward and says it was
: an adroit piece of tactics to avoid executing
| the law. How will that apply to a friend of his
j own' I think the gentleman from Maryland will
, bear in mind that two men by the names of Dray-
ton and Sayres were under sentence of the law for
a violation of a law of this District, in carrying
oil' slaves to the North with a view to set them
free. While in prison Mr. Fillmore pardoned
them out. Was that an adroit device to get rid
of enforcing the law?
Mr. DAVIS. I will meet the case precisely
as my honorable friend places it. The honorable
member from Ohio and the honorable gentleman
from Vnginia now represent before the country
the iwo extremes meeting practically in one prin-
ciple. That is my first reply.
Mr. BOCOCXC Prove it.
Mr. DAVIS. My second reply is, thatit was
| Mr. Jefferson's known opinion, unless I am in
! error, that that whole law was unconstitutional,
1 and nvpon that ground that lie threw open
; the piison doois to evt rybody. It is well under-
stood that Mr. Fillmore, who signed the fugi-
: tiv* slave law, does not fear to cxecute the laws.
: He Stands upon that act higher, at this moment,
| than any man stands in this country, because he
! cnoountt ied a n sponsibility which here was di-
| viddjbetween individual members of Congress,
! anil™ai which men from the one section and
! the other shrank when called to veto. He has
; shown that he does not fear to execute a law
! which he thinks to be constitutional; and he re-
| ga.ded the law of the District against running
1 oif slaves as one of the valid laws of the Dis-
1 tnct, and therefore the ground, that he attempted
j to evade the lav/ by turning jmrties free, does not
exist in this particular case. It was an ordinary
case of the exercise of the pardoning power.
Let me put a case to the honorable gentleman
from Virginia. Suppose,sir, that a President of
adverse sympathies to the gentleman from Vir-
ginia should pass into the White House on
the 4th of March next, and suppose that in the
mean time the jails of Kansas should be filled
with petsons who have resisted the existing laws
of that Territory, and suppose that the President,
holding that the laws were unconstitutional,
should cast, open the doors of the prisons, and
tell the prisoners to go free, would not the gen-
tleman from Virginia, and every gentleman upon
that side of the House, rise with avidity to catch
the Speaker's eye, and say that it was a piece of
northern higher law enthroned in the presidency
of the United States, and made effectual by reason
of the abuse of the pardoning power? The two
cases are identical.
1 am glad, although £ did not intend to carry
the discussion to this extent, that I have had the
opportunity of showing that the higher law
dogma which is now so rife in this country is
one which we meet on both sides of this House.
The strict construction, secession gentlemen, who
only mean to apply the dogma in extreme cases
of which ihcy are to be thu judges, stand upon the
