4m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
as the G-overnor may direct. The Governor of
the Territory (Governor Reeder, the contestant)
required that Legislature to assemble at Pawnee.
The Legislature did assemble on the day named
in the Governor's proclamation at Pawnee, and
organized by the election of its presiding and other
officers. When thus legally organized in the cus-
tomary mode, Governor Reeder recognized the
legal existence of that Legislature, and sent to it
his message, with recommendations for its con-
sideration and action. That message was re-
ceived, read, and ordered to be printed. So far,
no difficulty nor disagreement had occurred.
The Legislature, being assembled upon a mili-
tary reserve, at a town laid,out upon it in viola-
tion of law, and in which Governor Reeder was
himself interested as a proprietor, without build-
ings provided for its sessions, or suitable accom-
modations for its members, adjourned its sittings
to the Shawnee Mission, where proper accommo-
dations for the Legislature and its members were
furnished. This adjournment was made by virtue
of an act of the Legislature passed in due form by
a unanimous vote in one House, and but a single
dissep ting voice in the other branch of the Legisla-
ture, after it had been vetoed by Governor Reeder.
It, therefore, became a law in the manner provided
for by the act organizing the Territory of Kansas.
The Legislature then assembled at Shawnee
Mission, and there passed laws prescribing the
qualifications of voters and the qualifications for
holding office. It exercised all the power that is
recognized to exist in a Legislative Assembly;
and I contend that it rightfully exorcised such
power. Having adjourned from Pawnee, and
having been regularly organized at Shawnee
Mission, the Legislature there proceeded to pass
a law providing for the election of a Delegate
to the Congress of the United States; and un-
der that law, so enacted, a Delegate was elected,
was admitted to a seat on this floor, and now
claims that he has a right to that seat. Why
does Governor Reeder come here contesting that
election ? On what ground does he contest the
right of the sitting member? He alleges that the
laws passed by the Legislature are invalid because
they were not enacted at the proper place. I have
shown the Legislature had power to adjourn, in
the manner it aid, to meet at Shawnee 'Mission.
The Kansas-Nebraska act itself declares that the
powers of that Legislature shall extend to all
rightful subjects of legislation; and there can be
no question that the power is inherent in every
Legislative Assembly, unless restricted by the
organic law, to adjourn to such time and place
as may suit its own convenience. No such re-
striction can be shown.
"What is proposed to be elicited, in the event of
the adoption of the resolution? Is it proposed to
spin out this election contest until the close of this
session, by sending for persons and papers ? The
very act of Congiess which provides for con-
tested elections points out the manner in which
persons who may contest the right of any member
to a seat on this iloor shall proceed. It provides
that, after giving notice of a scat being contested,
notice shall be given of the time and place for
taking depositions. And I ask, do you in this
case expect to bring hero the people of Kansas or
of the Borders of Missouri, for the purpose of
deposing before the Committee of Elections ?
Where is the investigation to end? What is to
be the result of it? Can anything result from it ?
Suppose this House declare the seat of the Delc-
fate from Kansas vacant, how can that Territory
e represented here in this Congress ? Can it lie
represented in any other way than by an election
held pursuant to the laws of the Territory of
Kansas ? Are yo u to say, and will this House say,
that a person elected by a portion of the people
of that Territory, or who claims to be elected
by a portion of the people of that Territory,
without any law authorizing such an election, and
in defiance cf law, is entitled to a seat on this floor ?
Will you say that the laws of that Territory are
to be trampled under foot, and that you will
disregard them, and accept as a Delegate from
that Territory a man who avows in his petition
that ho does not claim any right to a seat on this
floor under the acts of a Legislature called into
existence by our own laws?
I desire now to call the attention of the House
to the law regulating and providing for the elec-
tion of a Delegate from the Territory of Kansas.
Speaking of the election of a Delegate from the
Territory of Kansas, the act prescribes that the
first election '' shall be held at such time and places,
and be conducted in such manner as the Gover-
ernor shall appoint and direct; and at all subse-
quent elections, the time, places, and manner of
holding the election shall be prescribed by law."
Prescribed by whom ? By the Territorial Legis-
lature. The first election, as I have before re-
marked , has taken place under this organic act.
Therefore, this act, so far as that is concerned, is
functus officio; the act is performed. The first
election for which the law provides took place in
1854, under the immediate direction of Governor
Reeder himself. No subsequent election can be
ordered by and be under the control of the Gov-
ernor, but is to be held by virtue of the laws
which may be enacted by the Territorial Legisla-
ture of Kansas, and not otherwise. But suppose
the seat of the Delegate of the Territory should
be declared vacant; suppose you should not admit
Reeder to a seat; how, then, can the people of the
Territory of Kansas be represented here, unless
it be under that same law, under which the Dele-
gate, General Whitfield, has been elected?
I cannot see, then, that any good is to result
from this investigation proposed by this Com-
mittee of Elections. Send for personsand papers!
Had not the claimant, and any other persons
who saw fit to contest the election of General
Whitfield, opportunities furnished by the law of
the land to take depositions for the purpose of
establishing any illegality or irregularity concern-
ing this election ? Did not the person [Governor
Reeder] contesting the seat of General Whitfield
give notice that he would take depositions for the
purpose of defeating the right of General Whit-
field to a seat on this floor ? And why has not
this intention been carried out ? Why shall the
people be taxed to bring witnesses two thousand
miles to supply his neglect? Has he not failed
to take any depositions, or to make any effort to
procure depositions, for the purpose of establish-
ing the points he has mentioned in his notice?
This notice was served on General Whitfield
some time in the month of October or November
last; and shortly after the election was held,
without the authority of territorial or national
law, by the traitors—I say, by the traitors—by
the men who dare to stand up in the presence of
this great nation and declare that the laws of
Kansas shall not be enforced, and that they will
resist them with Sharpe's rifles, and at all haz-
ards; by those men who are now endeavoring to
foment rebellion, and bring about a civil war in
the Territory of Kansas, by maligning the people
of the State of Missouri, and representing them
as "border ruffians," who have invaded that
Territory, and set at naught and at defiance the
laws which the people of that Territory have
enacted!
'' Border ruffians!" From whom comes this
opprobious epithet? It has been uttered else-
where in this Capitol. That language has been
applied this week, elsewhere in this Capitol, to
the people of the State of Missouri, and was ut-
tered by one representing a State in which large
numbers of its men made war upon a convent,
destroying and burning it, while occupied by de-
fenseless women •' I uilude to the destruction of
the Ursuline convent in the State of Massa-
chusetts. Was this an appellation to be applied
to my constituents, and to the people of Missouri,
coming from those who represent that kind of a
constituency—men who have never yet been
punished for this gross outrage perpetrated 011
helpless females? These are the " braves" who
say that the laws enacted by the Legislature of
Kansas shall not be enforced, and who stigma-
tize the people of Missouri as " border ruffians."
Mr. Speaker, what outrages, and by whom per-
petrated , docs the recent message of tile President
of the United States disclose 111 relation to this
matter ?
When the people of the town of Lawrence, in
the Territory of "Kansas, had assembled for the
purpose of resisting the sheriff of the county in
which that town is situated in the execution
of process—when the people of that town had
rescued a person who was in his custody, ar-
reste^finder a legal warrant for a criminal offense
—then it was that these Lawrence Frcc-Soilers
commenced their work of house-burning. They
were guilty of the crime of arson. They selected
three families in the neighborhood who believed
it was right that slavery should be recognized in
that Territory, burned their houses in the night-
time, and turned their families out of doors in the
most inclement weather.
Mr. MACE. I rise to a-questionof order. My
point is, that the proposition before the House is
to send for persons and papers, to ascertain the
legality or illegality of the election of the Dele-
gate to this House from thatTerritory; and upon
that proposition, I apprehend, it is out of order
to discuss the general fights in Kansas, or to dis-
cuss the burning of houses in Kansas or else-
where.
The SPEAKER. It is perhaps in order to
debate the character of the information to be
elicited by the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, Mr. Speaker; the con-
test may as well take place upon this resolution
as any other; it may as well take place now as at
any future time. Then occurred the proceedings
out of which have arisen the charges which have
been made, that the people of Missouri had wan-
tonly invaded the Territory of Kansas. When
the rumor went forth that the people of the town
of Lawrence had determined to resist the execu-
tion of the laws of the Territory—when it had
been resolved by the convention held by the Free-
Soilers at Big Springs that they would resist the
laws enacted by the Legislature of the Territory
of Kansas; that they would not be bound by
them—when these annunciations were made by
bodies of men assembled in different parts of the
Territory—when, in continuance of these pro-
ceedings, they appointed delegates to hold a
convention for the purpose of adopting a State
constitution—I say, when all these unlawful pro-
ceedings had taken place, it had the effect to alarm
the people living 011 the borders of the State of
Missouri, who had numerous relatives and friends
residing in Kansas. And, sir, had they no cause
for being alarmed? They had heard of the forma-
tion of emigrant aid societies in various parts of
the non-slaveholding portion of the Union, formed
under the lead of members of Congress. An
emigrant aid society was formed, of which the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] who has
just interrupted me, was secretary; and a mem-
ber of the last Congress, not now holding a seat
upon this floor, from Massachusetts, [Mr. Good-
rich,] was president. Under their direction, funds
had been raised at various quarters in the North
—for what purpose ? To aid persons in the East
to emigrate to the Territory of Kansas. To aid
what class of people? To aid none but those
holding opinions in opposition and antagonistical
to the institutions of the State of Missouri.
But, sir, the people of Missouri did not take
alarm at this preliminary organization. They
did not take alarm until similar societies and or-
ganizations had been formed in New York, in
Massachusetts, in Connecticut, and in other States.
When they found that these extensive organiza-
tions had been formed,and were actually levying
and expending a large amount of funds, by the
aid of which a large number of persons were emi-
grating to the Territory of Kansas; and when
these emigrants passed through the State of Mis-
souri, loudly threatening the institutions of that
State; when they said " We go to the Territory
of Kansas, to make it a Free-Soil State in the
first place, and having accomplished our purpose
in that respect, our attention will next be turned
to the institutions of your State"—I say that
all this had a tendency to alarm, and did alarm,
the people of the State of Missouri. It had a
tendency to arouse their indignation. If persons
had the right, under the patronage of emigrant
aid societies, to emigrate to the Territory of Kan-
sas, for the purpose of voting in their elections,
the people of Missouri had the same right to go
within the limits of the Territory for the same
purpose, and self-defense required it to be done.
Andyet,sir,ourpeople thus provoked have been
stigmatized as " border ruffians." Sir, the people
ofthe State of Missouri have only sought the main-
tenance of law and order. They are for the pres-
ervation of law; they seek to subvert no law; they
seek to overturn no existing government; they ore
satisfied with the laws of the Territory as they now
exist. They would have been satisfied that the
Territory should go on and be populated as the
other Territories of the United States have been
populated. TKey did not, immediately after the
