1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
by the sale of their territory to the United States,
and of their reservations to individual citizens,
were divested of every foot of land within the
limits of Alabama, ana deprived of all means of
subsistence, save by the precarious fortune of the
chase. White men, invited by the Federal Gov-
ernment, and induced by its bounties, had taken
possession of the land, and were appropriating its
fruits; and the red men dwelt as trespassers, or
as mere tenants at sufferance upon the soil they
had alienated. Game and the spontaneous fruits
of the earth were insufficient for their subsistence,
and they were impelled by their necessities, no
less than by their savage nature, to plunder and
pillage the white settlers. The whites saw that
they were to be preyed upon by the Indians so
long as they remained in their midst, and knew
that they could not long live together in peace
and harmony. The settlers, individually and col-
lectively, by private and public communications
to the Government, importuned the removal of
the Indians, portrayed their pitiable and despe-
rate condition—lawless, homeless, without crops
or stock, pinched by hunger and menaced by
starvation, and deprived of all their accustomed
resources for supplying their natural wants—and
expressed their apprehensions that, unless the
Federal arm was speedily interposed for their re-
lief, they would fall victims to the rapacity of their
savage neighbors. The Governors of Alabama
and Georgia seconded these appeals to the Fed-
eral Government, for the relief and protection of
the settlers, in frequent communications to the
War Department, stating the discontented and
unsettled condition of the Creeks, and requesting
military aid to keep them in subjection. Similar
communications were made by the Indian agent,
Colonel Hogan, and by Captain Page and Lieu-
tenant McGftibb, United States officers at Fort
Mitchell. But, notwithstanding all the entreaties
of the settlers and importunities' of the Governors
of the States of Alabama and Georgia, and of the
agents of the United States, both military and civil,
this Government declined to remove them. Sir,
the Indians even went beyond the original limits
of their own Territory, and were ranging at large
as vagrants throughout the State; two thousand
five hundred of them, at one time, being congre-
gated within the limits of a single county, in the
State of Alabama, beyond their original domain.
This, too, was called to the attention of the Fed-
eral Executive by the Governor of that State,
who urged that he should be permitted to remove
them at the Government expense. This was
refused.
At that time, and for some years before, there
was a small body of United States troops sta-
tioned at Fort Mitchell, for the protection of the
white inhabitants. They served to keep the
Indians in check, and to restrain them from hos-
tilities; but on the breaking out of the Seminole
war in Florida, in January, 1836, this body of
United States troops was removed. Thus the
Federal arm, which had been extended for the
protection of the citizens of Alabama, and for the
euppression of hostilities by the Creeks, was
withdrawn, and the only means for their defense
was taken from them. Nor did the Government
Btop with withdrawing her own troops. After
removing the United States troops, against the
advice of* the Indian agent and officers of the
United States Army, and against the remonstrance
of the Governor of Alabama, the Federal Exec-
utive called upon the State of Alabama to furnish
a regiment of men for the defense of the people
of Florida; and that regiment was furnished by
volunteers. Not only did this Government with-
draw her own troops, and make a draft on Ala-
bama for a regiment for the defense of Florida,
but the Federal Executive refused to let us defend
ourselves against the Indians placed by the United
States m our midst. General Scott, who had
been in command in the Creek country, seeing
the helpless condition of the white citizens, and
apprehending hostilities from the Indians, made
a requisition on the Governor of Alabama for a
regiment to act as a corps of observation. The
regiment was promptly raised, and rendezvoused
in the neighborhood of the Indians. An appeal
was made to the Federal Executive to furnish
arms for this regiment of Alabama volunteers,
and to authorize the Governor to keep them there
for the protection of the inhabitants. This also
was refused; and the regiment wag disbanded by
order of the Federal Executive. Thus, by the
action of the General Government, every means,
either Federal or State, for the protection of the
Eeople of that Territory, was withdrawn or with-
eld.
While these Indians were being divested of
the means of subsistence under the eyes, and
with the consent and encouragement of the Gov-
ernment—while the fears of the whites in their
midst were growing daily, and their appeals for
protection were becoming louder and more ur-
gent, the small number of United States soldiers
stationed in the neighborhood were transferred
to Florida to subdue the Seminoles, and the regi-
ment of Alabama volunteers raised by General
Scott's order to supply the place of those soldiers,
was refused arms and disbanded by the Govern-
ment. Thus, at the most inauspicious time for
the safety of the citizens of Alabama, when their
condition was most critical and dangerous, every
guarantee for their protection was withdrawn or
withheld, and that horde of thieves, robbers, and
murderers was left unguarded and unrestrained
—yea, turned loose to prey upon a feeble and
helpless people.
Thus, the relief so anxiously and earnestly
sought for was.refused. The Governor of Alabama
was denied arms, and even the use of volunteers
for the defense of the people; and according to
the predictions of the settlers, the civil and mil-
itary agents of the United States, and the Gov-
ernors of Georgia and Alabama, and the expect-
ations of all who knew the true condition of the
Creeks, they began, in May, 1836, to wrest by
force what they had previousty taken by stealth
—the property of the whites. The few who
ventured to resist were killed, and buried in the
ruins of their burning dwellings; while the many
fled with their families beyond the limits of the
nation to places of security and repose, leaving
their property behind. The citizen soldiery or
Alabama and Georgia, together with a small body
of regulars, were soon assembled near the scene of
bloodshed, who, aided and assisted by about two
thousand friendly Creek warriors, soon captured
a large majority of the hostiles, and drove the
remainder into the hammocks of Florida. In
the mean time, the stock, the corn and wheat in
the cribs, the bacon and beef in the smoke-houses,
as well as the growing crops, and other property
of the absent settlers, were either consumed and
destroyed by our troops, the friendly Indians, or
the hostiles. On the return of the settlers they
found themselves stripped of all their annual pro-
visions, their fields of grain destroyed, their
cattle and horses killed, or carried off, their houses
pillaged, and nothing but their bare dwellings,
empty barns, and wasted fields remaining.# Such
is a plain and unvarnished history of the grounds
on which this claim is rested.
Every fact detailed by me is attested not only
by the settlers, but by disinterested witnesses,
and even by the agents of the Federal Govern-
ment. Indeed, there is nothing, I believe, that I
have stated that is questioned or doubted.
Now, Mr. President, I ask whether the Gov-
ernment ha# discharged its obligation by pro-
tecting the property and lives of the people of
Alabama? Did it prevent, as far as practicable,
the loss of property by my constituents? On the
contrary, may I not assert that the Government
refused to prevent the losses which it might have
prevented, or to grant protection it could have
afforded, when needed and invoked? May I not
allege that the Government, by its own conduct,
caused the disasters, distresses, and losses which
were incurred ? It is a principle of common law,.
that if a man permit a dog accustomed to worry-
ing sheep to roam at large, and he destroys my
sheep, the owner is responsible to me, in an ac-
tion on the case, for damages. But if he turn his
dog into my sheep-fold, whcieby I incur loss, he
is responsible not only for actual but vindictive
damages or smart-money. I ask if this is not an
analogous case between the Federal Government
and the citizens of Alabama? The Government, by
its treaties, threw all the Creek Indians of Geor-
gia upon Alabama, not only authorized, but by
its policy encouraged the Indians in disposing of
all their lands, and all their means of subsist-
ence—indeed, endeavored, avowedly, to starve
them into emigration—and yet refused to rempve
them; and when admonished of our danger, time
and again, by public and private authorities, and
by its own civil and military agents, never ex-
tended an arm for our protection, but "actually
withdrew the United States troops at the most
critical period, and disbanded a regiment of Ala- •
bama volunteers summoned there for the defense ~
of our people. - : *
But, sir, 1 have said that the Government is
bound to discharge this debt by constitutional
and legal obligations. I have referred to the con*'
stitutional obligation, which is for the payment
of property taken for the public use. I come
now to the legal obligation. And this brings me
to my third proposition: that' this Government is
bound to pay such of these claims as it has by its legis-
lation pledged itself to discharge. This, I presume,
will not be disputed; but it will be contended, as
it has been hitherto, that the Government as-
sumed no such pledge. Before recurring to the
act in which that pledge is given, I will read to
'.he Senate the recommendation of General Jack-
son. He, with a full knowledge of what I have
detailed, in December, 1836, in his annual mesj
sage, called the attention of Congress to these
losses in the following words:
" On the unexpected breaking oat of hostilities in Flor-
ida, Alabama, and Georgia, it became necessary, in some
cases, to take the property of individuals for pubiic use.
riovision should be made by law for indemnifying the
owners."
Here is a positive recommendation of indemnity
for $25,000 of the amount which we claim. He
says further:
"And I will also respectfully suggest whether some pro-
vision may not be made, consistently with the prmciples of
our Government, for the relief of the sufferers by Indian
depredations, or by the operations of our troops,"
Here is a persuasive appeal and indirect recom-
mendation in favor of the payment of claims aris-
ing from the depredations of friendly or hostile
Indians, and of our own troops.
Congress, in accordance with this recommenda-
tion, by the second section of the act approved
March 3, 1837, entitled u An act making appro-
priations for the current expenses of the Indian
department," &c., enacted:
" That the sum of $5,000 be, and is hereby, appropriated
to enable tlie President of the United States by suitable
agonts to inquire what depredations were commuted by the
Seminole and Cieek Indians on the property of citizens of
Florida, Geoigia, and Alabama, immediately before the
commencement of actual hostilities on the part of said re-
spective tribes of Indians; what amount of depredations
weie committed dunng the pendency of said hostilities}
what portion of the Cieek tribe were engaged in such hos-
tilities, and what depredations have been committed by a
remnant of said tribe, supposed to be friendly, and a part
ot whom were actually employed against the Seminoles,:
since the removal of the main body of them west of the
Mississippi; and that the President report the information
so acquired to Congress at its next session: Provided, Noth-
ing hereinbefore contained shaii be so construed as to sub-
ject the United States to pay for depredations not provided
for by the act of April 9, J816, and the acts amendatory
thereto, nor by acts regulating the intercout&e between the
Indian tribes and the United States."
For what purpose was this act passed ? To
delude the sufferers with false and treacherous
proffers of relief? To inspire hopes in order to
disappoint them? To magnify the injuries of the
settlers by superinducing the trouble and expense
of time and money requisite to establish their
losses before the commissioners? No, sir; I am
unwilling to impeach the characters of those who
framed and adopted that act, by supposing that
they designed doing anything so unjust, so base,
and so cruel. The purpose of the act is patent
on its face, and truly expresses the feelings and
intentions towards the sufferers. Prompted by a
sense of justice, no less than of sympathy towards
an injured people, Congress passed that act with
a view to tneir relief. Why inquire what depre-
dations were committed by the Creek Indians?
Why expend $5,000 in that investigation ? Why
summon witnesses, and institute a searching ex-
amination to ascertain the true losses, if Congress
did not mean to repair them? The only infer-
ence from the recommendation of the Executive
and the acts of the legislative branch of the Gov-
ernment, is an intention to indemnify the sufFer-
, ei-s to the extent of their losses when clearly
I established by competent testimony. Such is not
only the natural and necessary implication, but
no other can be drawn without imputing deliber-
! ate bad faith. It was a solemn legislative pledge,
! accordant with the executive recommcndationfto
j pay the value of the property proven to have been^
' lost or destroyed by the Indians or our troojrtfc'
I If any one desires further evidence of this ptefi?e> '
