2054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
it is found in the proviso of the act itself. By that
proviso, Congress limits the import of the fore-
going part of the act, which might have been con-
strued as an argument to pay all losses by Indian
depredations, and restricts it to such losses as
were provided for by the act of.1816 and the Indian
intercourse acts. Here is an express stipulation
to pay all claims similar in character to those con-
templated by the act of 1816 and Indian inter-
course acts. I say similar in character to those
which had been provided for by the act of 1816
and Indian intercourse acts. The act of 1816,
■which was passed to provide indemnity for certain
losses of citizens during the preceding war with
Great Britain, was functus officio, and obsolete;
and the Indian intercourse acts in force in 1837
applied to the Indians westof the Mississippi, and
did not embrace those m Alabama. Congress cer-
tainly knew that these acts were without vitality
or effect in respect to the depredations committed
in 1836, in Alabama, by the Creek Indians.
.Hence, in assuming to pay for such depredations
as were provided for by the acts regulating the
intercourse between the Indian tribes and the
United States, Congress pledged the Government
to the satisfaction of all claims that would be
satisfied had they been created in the Indian
country. The Congress of 1837 either intended
this much, or it stultified itself, or attempted to
practice a fraud upon the sufferers by Indian
depredations. One of these hypotheses is un-
questionably true, and the others false; and as
the only one consistent with the integrity and
intelligence of the Federal Legislature is the one
I assume, I believe it to be correct. Why, then,
will you not do the people of Alabama the justice,
pursuant to the act of 1837, which would be
accorded to the people of Arkansas, Missouri,
and Iowa, under the intercourse act of 1834?
Because, sajss the Senator from Virginia, the
intercourse acts were intended to apply to Indian
country or territory where the Indians and the
United States have exclusive jurisdiction, and
not to any State; for never has the Government
made itself responsible for depredations commit-
ted within the limits of any State.
In the first place, this argument impeaches the
intelligence or integrity of the framers of the act
of 1837; for it implies either ignorance on then-
part of the import of the intercourse acts, or of
the geography of Alabama and the Indian coun-
try, or an intention to elude an apparent obliga-
tion by a mere equivoke. In the second place,
the argument is without foundation in fact. The
intercourse acts were not intended to provide for
depredations within Indian territory only, and
never within States. On the contrary, the inter-
course act of 1834, like all preceding ones, prom-
ised to pay for depredations of Indians, under
certain circumstances or upon certain conditions,
committed not only in Indian country, but in any
of the States. Under that act, should a part .of
ttny of the Indian tribes in amity with the United
States, now living on the borders of Arkansas,
Missouri, or Iowa, enter either of these States,
and steal or destroy the property of citizens of the
United States, this Government would be bound
to reimburse their losses.
Why, then, I repeat, will you not mete out to
the people of Alabama that indemnity which,
under like circumstances, you would be bound to
offer to the people of those States bordering on the
Indian country? You have placed them on the
same footing by the act of 1837, and declared to
them, in effect, that you would pay any claim for
Indian depredations m Alabama which you would
be bound to pay in Missouri, by the act of 1834.
Have they forfeited their claim to indemnity by
violating any of the conditions on which it was
promised by the act of 1834? Did they seek, or
attempt to obtain private satisfaction or revenge,
or fail to present their claims in three years? If
so, it has never been proven or alleged.
Perhaps it may be said not to come within the
provisions of the intercourse act, because that
applies to tribes in amity with the United States,
ana the Creeks were not in amity, but at war;
and that their depredations were committed
during war. If that be true, then, let me ask,
^ Congress pass the act in 1837 to which
I have alluded? Why make an illusive promise
and a treacherous proffer of indemnity ? Why
inquire into the depredations committed during
hostilities, as well as before and after hostilities,
if it was intended to avoid the payment of any
indemnity on the ground that the Creeks were at
war with the whites, or that the depredations
were committed during war ? Had not General
Jackson recommended payment for the losses by
Indian depredations during hostilities; and was
not the act of 1837 passed in conformity with this
recommendation? How disparaging the reflec-
tion on Congress, as well as insulting to the
sufferers, after subjecting them to the expense
and trouble of appearing with witnesses before
the commissioners to prove their losses, to refuse
them indemnity on the ground that they occurred
during hostilities, and deny any obligation of
payment imposed by the act of 1837, because the
Indian intercourse act provided for those depre-
dations only committed in peace. Will you mock
the hopes, or rather disappoint the just expecta-
tions of these men, by saying "This was a mere
hoax for our amusement, though at your expense;
we have paltered in a double sense in order that
we might defer you, and apparently conform to
the executive recommendation; but we never
intended to pay you, for we have never paid for
Indian depredations committed in war, and we
never will?" Will you defeat the intention and
spirit of the act of 1837 by a rigid adherence to
its letter ? Will you " keep the word of promise
to the ear, but break it to the hope ?"
It may be urged that the commissioners report-
ed that none of the claims came within the pro-
visions of the Indian intercourse acts. If so, I
reply, that in that respect their report was extra-
official and extra-limitary to the act of 1837, un-
der which they acted. Neither do they state
their reason for that opinion. Whether because
the depredations were committed during war,
by a tribe not in amity with the United States,
or in a section of country not embraced by these
acts, they do not state. If on either of these
grounds, I have endeavored to show it docs not
preclude the sufferers from the relief recommend-
ed by General Jackson, and contemplated by the
act of 1837.
But, sir, I take issue with those who allege
that the Creeks, in 1836, were not in amity, but
at war with the United States. I admit that
General Jackson spoke of the depredations being
committed during hostilities, that Congress adopt-
ed the same language, and the commissioners re-
: ported that they believed that a majority of the
Creeks were engaged in hostilities,although they
say that intelligent men in the nation said the
depredations were committed by but few, against
the will of the main body of the tribe. It is true
that acts of hostility were committed in the spring
of 183(^ by some of the Creeks, and hence the
use of the expression, " during hostilities," in
the message of the President, the act of Congress,
and the report of the commissioners. But hostile
acts of a minority of the Creeks against the
will of the chiefs, the council, and the majority
of the tribe, do not prove that there was war.
I deny that the Creek tribe was at war with the
United States, or can be said to have been engaged
in hostilities against the whites. Tjp establish
my position, I shall state facts against opinions,
and evidence against assertions.
War, we are told by all publicists, is carried
on by the public authority. jN'ations are said to
be at war when a state of hostilities exists by the
public authority, and according to its order. I
know of no reason why this definition should
not apply to savage as well as civilized nations.
Tested by this rule, no one can allege that this
was a war. The Indian council never declared
war, or authorized these depredations, or any act
of hostility. On the contrary, the council ex-
pressly repudiated the action of these marauders.
The head chief of the nation, and the principal
chiefs, were in amity with the United States, and
have continued so until this day. They were
actually engaged on our side, and with us in the
suppression of hostilities, and in the arrest of
these marauders. The Creek nation, according
to the census of 1833, (which maybe found in
the report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
which I hold in my hand,) numbered about
twenty-one thousand. The Lower Creeks com-
posed only about one third, the Upper Creeks
about two thirds, of this number. It is a fact not
disputed, that the Upper Creeks were notengaged
in any hostilities whatever. On the contrary,
there never was any depredation committed, or a
marauding party found, in one of the counties
occupied by the Upper Creeks. They were en-
gaged , throughout the period of disturbance, with
the whites in the capture of the hostiles. Among
the Lower Creeks, composing, as I have said,
only about one third of the nation, less than half
their number were engaged in hostilities. There
were but four thousand warriors in the entire
nation of Upper and Lower Creeks. Of these,
two thousand warriors, under Opothle-Yo-holo
and Jim Boy , were actually cooperating, through-
out this period of hostilities, with the United
States troops under the command of General
Jesup. On the other hand, there were nevermore
than seven hundred warriors among the Lower
Creeks who were found to participate in any hos-
tilities. No battle was fought, or even a skirmish
had, with the hostiles—no blow was given them,
or gun fired at them, by our troops. Before our
men were assembled in arms, the marauders mur-
dered some few whites, who probably resisted
their robberies; but as soon as our troops were
marshaled in their vicinity, they either came in
and surrendered, or were taken prisoners without
resistance.
How can it be truly said that was a war with
the Creek Indians, in which four fifths of the tribe
were our allies; in which, according to the report
of the United States agent, Mr. Crawford, lesa
than one fifth of the tribe were engaged in hostile
acts; in which the council of the nation and the
principal chiefs were our friends; and in which
no battle was fought, or gun fired at eur enemy ?
It was correctly asserted by the chiefs that there
was only an irruption or foray upon the whites,
committed by a few of the tribe to satiate their
hunger, or to gratify their love of plunder.
Suppose, at this day, a small portion of this
same tribe, without the consent of the majority,
and against the orders of their council and head
men—say less than one fifth of the tribe—should
pass from their homes, west, of Arkansas, into
that State, and there steal or destroy the property
of her citizens; would you hesitate to repair their
losses? Would you excuse the Government from
doing so by saying it was a war, because some
murders were committed, and the marauders were
captured or driven off by an armed force? The
Indian intercourse acts provide satisfaction for
murders as well for thefts and robberies; and if
we will not take the tales suggested by the fears
of the timid, or the love of the marvelous, as
history, this outbreak of a part of the Creeks in
1836 cannot be adjudged a war.
But the Government itself has concedcd there
was no war. In 1850, while a bill was pending
in this body, proposing to deduct from the Creek
annuities this sum of $349,000 to liquidate these
claims, the Creek Indian delegation, then in
Washington city, protested against it, on the
ground that four fifths of the tribe were friendly,
and were engaged with us in the suppression of
hostilities, and that it would be unjust to punish
our friends for the acts of a few whom they could
not restrain. What did Congress do? Why,
sir, conceding the truth of that statement, Con-
gress refused to pass the bill. If this was a war,
why has not this Government exacted indemnity
for my constituents, as it has for other people,
under similar circumstances, m all our wars? If
it was a war, why was no treaty of peace made, or
even proposed? This Government has formed
several treaties with that tribe since 1836, but has
never exacted or asked indemnity for our losses,
which it could hot have failed to do on any other
ground than that this was no war. The Creek
chiefs, in their protest, said these depredations
were committed by a few mauraders, against the
consent of the council, against the consent of
four fifths of the nation, and the consent of every
head chief in the nation; and the Government, by
its course, has admitted the truth of these asser-
tions. Indeed, by the treaty of 1838 with this
tribe of Indians, the United States agreed to pay
to them, and invest for them in the aggregate,
$400,000, in satisfaction for their " claims for
property and improvements abandoned or lost in
consequence of their emigration west of the Mis-
sissippi." And in the same treaty, the United
States agreed to give $10,000 in stock animals, in
consideration of the suffering condition of about two
thousand Jive hundred of the Creek nation who were
removed as hostiles. and not provided for in the treaty,
and the representation of the chiefs of the nation that
