1180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, demanded the yeas
and nays.
* The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD. If the amendment be
voted down, and the resolution be passed as it is
reported, will the counsel of the gentlemen con-
testing the seat of the Delegate from Now Mexico
be limitcd,in their speech, as members are, to an
hour?
Mr. CARLILE. There is no restriction in it.
Mr. LETCHER. We will have to adopt
another resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, perhaps, put
the question on the amendment of the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] erroneously. Be-
sides moving that there be substituted for the
words, " by counsel,"the words, " through an in-
terpreter," the gentleman also moved to add the
words "under the rules of the House." The
Chair had written those words in pencil after the
resolution. The question was only put on the
first part of the amendment. If there be 110 ob-
jection, the question will be now put on the other
portion of the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. JONES. It was one amendment; and if
the question had been taken on both parts of it
at once, it is probable that it would have been
agreed to. I insist that the question be taken on
it as a whole.
The SPEAKER. The question will be put on
the gentleman's amendment as a whole, as he
insists on it. The Chair is of the opinion, how-
ever, that the gentleman's proposition embraces
two amendments.
Mr. JONES. How, then, could the gentleman
from Virginia move his amendment? No further
amendment is in order when there is pending an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. CARLILE. Is it not competent to divide
the amendment of the gentleman from Tennes-
see ?
The SPEAKER. The Choir is of the opinion
that it is susceptible of division.
Mr. CARLILE. 'Then I call for a division.
The SPEAKER. Either branch of the amend-
ment will stand by itself if the other is defeated.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 can accomplish my pur-
pose by having a division of the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee, and take it upou the
simple motion to strike out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has not the pre-
vious question been ordered?
The SPEAKER. It has; but it does not in-
terfere with the right of a member to have a
division of the question, where it is clearly di-
visible.
Mr. MILLSON. My colleague thinks the mo-
tion to strike out and insertis divisible. Amotion
to strike out and inseit is not divisible.
The SPEAKEH. It is not (.ompetcnt for the
gentleman from Virginia to ask a division of a
motion to strike outand insert. That is precluded
under the rules.
Mr. CARLILE. That is the division I asked
for.
The SPEAKER. Then it is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How will the res-
olution read, if my amendment prevails?
The SPEAKER. It will read—
Resolved, That Ihc parties to tins conte&t be allowed to
appear before tins [fou^o, either in person or thiou^h an
interpreter, to defend their damn, under the rules of the
House.
Mr. WHITNEY. I wish to inquire of the
Chair if the amendment to the amendment is not
first in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, inasmuch as the
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia is to
strike out a clause; while the proposition of the
gentleman fromTcnnessee is to perfect the clause
before it is stricken out.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jones's
amendment; and it was disagreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
Carlile, to strike out the words, "or by coun-
sel," upon which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 86, nays 62; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Barbour, Barksdale, Henry
Bennett, Benson. Bingham, BUhop, Bliss, Bocock. Boyce,
Bradsiiaw. Branch. Brenton, Brooks, Buflmton, Burlm-
gume, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile, Ezra Claik, Clawson,
Covodc, Timothy Davis, Dean, Dowdell, Durfee, Edwards,
Faulkner, Flagler, Galloway, Giddings, Gilbert, Granger,
Harlan, Harrison, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas 11. Horton,
Valentine B. Horton, Ilughston, George W. Jones, J. Clancy
Jones, Kennett, Kidwell. Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Letcher,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson,
McCarty, Morgan, Monill, Murray, Paine, Pelton, Pen-
nington, Perry, Powell, Pnngle, Purviance, Puryear, Ready,
Ilicaud, Ritchie, Roberts, Sabin, Sandidge, Sapp, Shorter,
Simmons, Sneed, Stanton, Stewart, btranahan, Taylor,
Wakcman, Walbridge, Waldron, Israel Washburn, Wat-
kins, Welch, Whitney, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Daniel
B. Wiight—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ball, Bell, BilJinghurst,
Bowie, Cadwalader, Caskie, Clmgman, Howell Cobb,
Williamson It. W. Cobb, Colfax, Cullen, Cumback, Henry
Winter Davis, Edie, Edmund.^on, Elliott, English, Eustis,
Evans, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Greenwood, Ilaven, Jevvett, Kelly, King, Lmdley, Lump-
kin, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn,
Meacham, Smith Miller, Million, Andrew Oliver, Paiker,
Peck, Petut, Phelps, Richardson, Rutfin, Scott, Sewaid,
Samuel A. Smith, William Jt, Smith, Spinner, Stephens,
Swope, Talbott, Thunton, Todd, Tnppe, Valk, Walker,
Wainer, Wells, Wheeler, and Williams—&2.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Tho question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution as amended.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask that the resolu-
tion, as amended, be read.
It was read, as follows:
Tlrsolved, That the pruties to this contest be allowed to
appeat before this House, either in person to defend their
respective claims.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WHITNEY. I ask that the word "either"
may be stricken out.
The SPEAKER. That can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, objected.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the
resolution will be voted down.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was then put; and upon a divis-
ion a majority voted in the affirmative, though
no quorum voted.
Mr. GREENWOOD. As no quorum has voted
I ask for tellers.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask the House to con-
sider the resolution as lost, and indulge me a few
moments, and I will move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was defeated. I desire
to present some views upon this subject, which
1 could not do tins morning, as the previous ques-
tion had been called and sustained. [Cries of
tt Agreed !" " Agreed !"]
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection the
Chair will consider the call for tellers withdrawn,
and the resolution lost.
There was no objection; so the resolution was
not agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS. I submit the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
lost. I think there is a much greater and a much
more important principle involved in this resolu-
tion than the House seems to imagine, and as it
will be a leading precedent hereafter, as was ar-
gued yesterday, it yhould be a good one. Sincc
tho subject was up yesterday, I have taken the
trouble to look into this matter of hearings before
the House, by counsel, in the case of contested
elections. When the question was first started
yesterday, I knew very well, from my general
information and reading, that there was nothing
more common in parliamentary bodies than for
counsel to appear in cases of contested elections.
I find, sir, that in the English Parliament the
practice of allowing parties to be heard by coun-
sel is universal. Their system of trying con-
tested elections is by a committee sitting as a jury.
The whole House does not act. Our practice,
under the Constitution, is somewhat different
from theirs; we act in such cases as a Committee
of the Whole House. But in every instance in the
British Parliament cither party has the right to
appear by counsel if he wishes. I have the rules
of the House of Commons 011 this subject before
me. Any gentleman will find, by turning to the
18th page of the volume containing tho cases of
contested elections—they arc taken from Doug-
lass's Election Cases.
Cl Rule 28—When thcic are two petitioning candidates
who present distinct petitions containing different allega-
tions, each of them ie« entitled to two counsel, and the
committee 10 formed a? described."—(£4, 25.)
"Rule 30.—If the eases and interests of the two sitting
members are distinct, each of them likewise is allowed dis-
tinct counsel, and the committee is formed in the same
manner."—(523, 25.)
But I will not take up time reading—gentle-
men can read for themselves. I barely intend to
cite the authority Here is set forth the manner
of proceeding, then; and it is the universal prac-
tice, I believe, in the British Parliament, from
which we derive all our forms and usages in such
eases,toallowpartiesto appear by counsel. Now,
sir, there has not occurred a single case up to this
time that I have been able to find, where alike
application has been refused by an American
Congress, either in the Senate or House. I was
asked yesterday if there were any precedents in
our history for it ? One of the earliest cases I
then found—the case of Wayne and Jackson—
who contested the right of a seat from the State
of Georgia. I find that, on the 10th of March,
1791, it was t( Ordered by the House that leave be
given to the sitting member [Mr. Wayne] to be
heard by counsel at the bar of the House on the
Monday following." On the day the party did
appear by his counsel at the bar of the House.
That order of the House will be found on page
49; where counsel appeared, on page 50 of the
volume before me. That was at the beginning
of our history. I do not find since that time, in
all the cases here collected down to 1834, any c^se
where an application has been made for counsel
which has been refused; but I find one other case
where it has been allowed in 1804—there maybe
others; but I find also, sir, that in a previous
case in the first Congress—in the New Jersey
ease, where this question of appearing by counsel
to contest the jurisdiction of the House in a par-
ticular matter was presented—Mr. Benson intro-
duced a resolution that both parties be allowed to
appear on a particular day, either by themselves
or counsel. That resolution was debated. " Mr.
Madison thought that, if the jurisdiction of the
House were called in question, it was proper to
hear counsel on that point, because it would be
indelicate to deny it, and because they could not
clecide upon their own jurisdiction without know-
ing what was adduced against it." Now, I re-
peat again that there has been no case which I
can find in our history where counsel has ever
been denied. There may be such, but T have not
been able to find it if there is. In the only cases that
I find in our history where an application was
made before this, it was granted, and the univer-
sal practice of the British Parliament, as I haare
stated, allows counsel.
Now, as I stated before, I believe that I have
never been in "the Committee of Elections when
the case of this contcst was before it. I did not
even know yesterday what the report of the Com-
mittee of Elections was. I did not know one
single fact connected with the case on either side;
and I am now wholly uninformed as to its merits.
I know nothing about it whateveV.
But it does seem to me that when one of these
parties comes and asks to be heard by counsel,
when he cannot speak the language we under-
stand, that for us, as judges who are to pass upon
his rights, to deny him that privilege, would be
doing not only great injustice to him, but injus-
tice to ourselves. Plow can I decide upon a case
presented in a language which I could not under-
stand ? Why, Mr. Speaker, the contestant in
this case stands before us in a twofold character.
He has a representative right, and an individual
right—a personal right. The people he claims to
represent have rights involved in this issue—
great political rights; but apart from this he has
an individual and personal right. The office, if
he be adjudged to be entitled to it, has the prop-
erty of a franchise. All officcs with any emolu-
ments have the same—this as others. * And, sir,
if he comes and presents a claim to me, and in-
sists that he has a right to this office of Delegate
by election, &c., how can I judge of it unless I
| hear him? Gentlemen say he can refer to a com-
mittee. But the whole committee may be unani-
mous against him. I do not now know how it is
in this case. But it may be that every member of
the committee is against tho sitting delegate, and
yet that the opinion of the House might be
changed if it could hear him speak, and represent
his own case in our language. This he cannot
do; but says he can if we will allow him to get
some one to do it for him. Now, how can we
pronounce a wise,good,and safe judgment on the
subject, unless we have his case presented as he
thinks it ought to be? And as he cannot speak
in our language, I think it is but right that we
should permit him—as we violate no parliament-
ary rule, as we do but conform to parliamentary
