1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
455
we to judge by oral testimony as to the validity
of that law ? The facts which are sufficient to
determine this case, I apprehend, are all of record,
and accessible to us here.
I have before me the public records of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, in which is to be found the law
under which General Whitfield was elected; the
members of the House can see this law. The
allegation of the memorialist is, that this law is
invalid and void. If so, how? in what way?
for what reason? Why is it invalid ? Sir, it was
passed by the Legislature of Kansas, under a
published law of the United States, of which we
are bound to take notice; and it is itself a public
law, of which we are bound officially to take no-
tice. Yet, sir, it is now proposed to go behind
that law, and to send for persons to establish its ;
invalidity by oral testimony. How many wit- i
nesses are we to have5 who are they? and what |
are they to prove ? "YVc have before us no spe-
cifications. Who are the witnesses we are to
send for, and what are they to prove ? Of course,
the sitting Delegate, General Whitfield, according
to all rules of courtesy, to say nothing of the
members of the House, is entitled to have notice
of the names of the persons to be sent for, and
what it isexpected to prove by them. This heis
entitled to, as a matter of right, and this the House
should also have, in order to judsrc of the compe-
tency as well asrelevancyof the testimony sought
to be obtained. If ins neither competent nor rele-
vant to establish the point in issue, then why
incur the delay and expense in getting it5
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If'the gentle-
man will allow me, I will say, that of course, if
the resolution shall be adopted, it will be within
the power and discretion of the Committee of
Elections not only to say what, who, and how
many persons shall be sent for, but also what
papers. It will be in the discretion of the Com-
mittee of Elections to determine what witnesses
shall be sent for. It is a diseietion that has al-
ways been intrusted to committers under such
circumstances. As to how that discretion shall
be used, of course witnesses can be sent for at
the instance of General Whitfield as well as of
Governor Reeder. The resolution only asks that
the committee itself shall have the power and
authority, in its discretion, to send for such per-
sons and papers as they shall dt'eni to be abso-
lutely necessary to come to a conect conclusion
upon this subject, whethrr those persons and
papers are called for by one party or the other.
Mr. STEPHENS. But, Mr. Speaker, when it
is notorious that this law was passed by the
Legislature in Kansas, elected under the super-
intendency of officers appointed by the Gov-
ernor, of which we are bound to take public
notice, in all matters arising under it, and when
it is proposed to invalidate tliis law, or any other
such law, by ouil testimony, should not this
House require that the precise character of the
testimony proposed to be adduced should be
>specially set forth, before we consent to give the
power to a committee?
The memorial of Governor Reeder barely states
that this act was illegal and void,and the election
under it void. This is Ins case, as I understand
it. But why illegal? why void? Was not the
Legislature 'duly elected and legally organized ?
This, though not stated, we all know, is the
ground upon which his contest rests. Hut can
he raise that question? 1 have before me the
journal of the Kansas Legislature. The memo-
rinlist in the case was the Governor of the Ter-
ritory when the Legislature that passed that act
was elected and organized, as stated by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps:] and,
whether rightly or not, lie, the present memorial-
ist, as Governor, judged of the election returns,
and recognized the Legislature as duly and prop-
erly elected and organized. He assumed the
power to judge of the election returns, and gave
certificates of election to a large majority of the
Council and House of Representatives. Many
of the people of the Territory disputed his right
to do it; but, as I have said, whether rightly or
not, he assumed the power, and exercised it, to
judge of the election returns, and certified lo the
proper election of a large majority, both in the
House and Legislative Council, 'The election of
every member, I believe, who took Ins scat at the
organization, was certified to under the Govern-
or's own hand or by his direction.
Now, sir, I say, when this memorialist comes
before us and aslvs us to send for persons and
papers, without naming the parties, to prove that
what he himself has officially,certified to teas in-
valid> I would hold him to a very rigid showing.
Justice requires it; the peace, and repose, and
quiet of the country^reqiure it.
Sir, if a memorialist from your district had
come and asked us to set aside your election be-
cause the law under which you were elected—a
public act of the State of Massachusetts—was
void, and nothingbut such abroad allegation had
been referred to a committee, would any com-
mittee have asked for power to send for persons
and papers to inquire into the validity of that
law? And if they had, would the House give
the power upon no other showing? I apprehend
not. Now, let us apply the same rule to this
case as would be applied to any other.
Mr. WALKER. Will the gentleman from
Georgia allow me to suggest a matter to him ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WALKER. I have no desire to occupy
the attention of the House in an argument my-
self upon this question; but I would be pleased
to remind the gentleman from Georgia of this
portion of the thirty-second section of the act
organizing the Territory of Kansas:
<• Thar the Constitution and all law-*ofthe United States
that aie not loealh inapplicable shall have the same force
and eftect ni said Tenitorv ot Kan^a,- a* elsewheie within
the United State;-, except the eighth section," &c.
Now, 1 would suggest to my friend from Geor-
gia that, as a matter of course, that clause carries
with it the aet of February, 1853, providing the
mode and manner of taking evidence in contested
election cases.
Mr. STEPHENS. I was coming to that view
of the case. As the gentleman has called my atten-
tion to it, J will say what I intended on that point
here, i grant, as the gentleman from Maine sdys,
that ihaUaw of 1851, for taking tc stimonv m con-
tested elections,does not, in express terms, apply
to Delegates from Territories. U speaks of mem-
bers of Congress; but 1 apprehend that Delegates
come within the spirit of the law. .But if not,
just let u*, by resolution or by bill, put them
under the operation of that law, or let the com-
mittee, by order of the House, do it, and not bring
hundreds of witnesses here from Kansas, at an
enormous expense, to say nothing of inconveni-
ence, delay, and trouble. Let us extend the
provisions of the act of 1853 to the Territories.
It seems to me that that would be the best way,
if any such testimony is pertinent to this case/
But this contestant, sir, evidently acted under
that law m the beginning. This present move-
ment can be nothing but an after-thought; for I
have before me tin* notice which he served upon
General Whitfield, and will read it:
To Hon. J. W. Whitfifm* :
: Please take notice. tli.it f shall eontesfyour right to
a seat m the in'\t (.'miL'ios of the United State-, .tv con-
f.;re^K)nal Delegate of rhe Temtory ot Kansas, and that
She depositions of witiic-^-; to prove the invalidity of the
law under which your alleged election took place, and the
lllegality of votes '*.ist for vou en the Kt day of October,
instant,*will he taken at the lohowing tunes and places,
before some judge, justice, or competent person : at which
tunes and place* you may attend, if you think propei, to
cro->s-examme
On tlx* nth, 6th, and 7th of November next, at the house
of K. (J. k. Garvev. in the town of Topeka.
On tho 8th of November next, at the Amciican Hotel, in
the town of Kansas. >S!at«' of Mts«omi.
On the 9th, 10th, ami Uth of November next, at the office
of S. N. tfinjp«on. m the town of Lawrence.
On the i:)fh and Mill of November next, at the house of
Ilenrv Hollnnbcrs. on tiie Vcumhon brench of jiiuc river.
On'the loth oi iWnumbci next, at the hout-e of VV. W.
Moore, in Moot cyborg.
On the Kith and 11 rh of \ovembcr next, at the old IIos-
pitil building at Fort r?cou.
On the Jyih and 2.1th ot November next, at the house of
Janio-j Ilusihe-,. m the town oi O-. uvattonuo.
On the 2 2d of November licit, at the house of Lotan
Smith, m ( ouncil (Jitv.
On the 2 lift, and S'ith of Novutnb-n next, at the olhce
of William Pnilip-,m Leavenworth City.
All winch sajd place?, except the town ot Kansas are m
the Territoiyof and tbe tunc or' commciieiiis at
each place will lie ten o'clock, a. in ; and it ir is found im-
piaetie.iblc to take said depositions at the houses named,
they will be adjourned, wan nonce at the tune, to a mme
convenient place.
Any other notice? which jou may receive for th" same
purposes, signed byG. P. Lowiv, E^p, R. Contes. l^q . VI.
J. Parrott, or G. W. Brown, Esq., on my behalf, will
be authorized by me. A. II. LIISI^DISR..
Kansas! Territory, Odoher 16, 1355.
That notice was rriven on the 36th of October.
The election took place on the 1st. The next day
(the 17tli) General Whitfield made this reply:
To A. H. Reedcr, Esq.:
Sir: 1 am in receipt of a paper beaiing your signature,
dated 16th instant, m which X am requested to take notice
that you will contest my right to a seat uj the next Congress
of the United Stated, as congressional Delegate of the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, and that the depositions of witnesses to
prove the invalidity of the law under which my election
took placc, ami the illegality of votes cast for me on the lj*t
day of October instant, will be taken at certain times and
places, and befoie certain legal functionaries in the said
paper particularly specified. I am also invited to be piesent
i at tliccc times and places to cross-examine the witnesses ;
i and am further notified that other notices which I may re-
i ceivo foi the same pm poses, feigned by G. P. Lowry,Ksq.,
j It. Coates, E^q., M. J. l'anott, Esq., or G. W. Blown, Esq.;
[ on your behalt, will be acknowledged by you.
' The first remark that I shall make in reference to this most
^ singular notification is, that, inasmuch as you have Ictt the
: Temtory, and have designated no place at which you can
j be addressed, and inasmuch as the subjcct-mattei is ofpub-
, he lather than of pnvate concernment, I deem it proper to
' reply tlnough the medium of the public press.
j I observe that, while you declare an intention of con-
' testing my light to a seat in the Congress of the United
j Stated, you >peeit\ no giound upon winch to entitle yom-
| self to cntei into f^uch a controversy. Ity the plainest pnn-
; ciples of common sense and common law, the man who
1 seek* to drag another before the mbunals of the coantry, is
: bound to show that he has aright to be averted, or awiong
J to be minted. In the absence of such showing, he has
! no right to put any man upon the defensive, nor to invoke
i the instrumentality of the law. You have not alleged that
' any rights of yours have been infunged by my election, and
' consequently, by j our own showing, you are piecluded Irom
! making yourself a party to such a contest as that in which
1 you seek to engage.
, * The idea of i mining all over the Territory for the purpose
! of collecting testimony to prove (i the invalidity of the law "
; undei which F was elected, is absurd, and betiaysa shame-
! lul ignotanee of the institutions under which we live. In
! tins counti), the validity of laws is deteimmed by courts of
; competent juusdiction, created for the purpose, and not by
the oaths of witnesses, however numerous, intelligent, or
, tiiithtul. The same remarks are applicable to the project
of pioving, bv oral testimony, the illegality of votes cast for
I inc on the Kt day of October instant. The legality or llle-
s gahtv of votes js matter of legal deduction, to be diavvn fioin
] the laets'of tho paitieularcasc, and not itself a fact suscept-
! ible of being established by any kind of testimony. For
. these, mid oiher i canons which might be assigned, yon will
icadily peiceivo that 1 retuse to recognize vou haying
any rights m the premise-, and decline giving attention to
the subject-mattei of \our notification.
If an meon^tency, coming fiom Mich a quarter, vveio
worthy of lemark, I would advert to your proposition to
take depositionstk before some judge, justice, or othei com-
petent person,'5 merely obseniug that m thi^ Teiutoiy
such oiliceis are the creature^ of that law whose validity
you deny.
Hut though you have foi borne to assign any valid reason
for impugning my eleciion, I am not, therefore, ignorant
of tiie hopes and purposes by which you and your confed-
erates arc actuated. When you came into tins Territory,
instead of devoting your energies, in good faith, lo t'te dis-
charge ot your ofiicial duMes and to preparing the way for
the mtioduction of laws adaptedtothe condition of society,
your whole tune was occupied m fiaudulent devices for
enriching yourself, and for sm> shaping the internal legisla-
tion of the country as to secure a pieponderancc to jour
own Abolition and Fiee-Soil parly, tfome of your pecu-
lations weie so giosslj lnimo'dl and illegal, that it became
my dut> to denounce them in the propei qu.irfei, and for
them \ou were eventually removed tiom office. For this
denunciation you becam" my bittei pe«sonal enemy, and
this one cause of } our impotent effort to have my election
annulled. . '
After many months of needless anarchy ftnd confusion
m the Temtory, }ou at length yielded to the importuni-
ties of the people for tbe election of a Legislative As-
sembly, and issued your proclnmanon for that purpose,
and thought that you had Taken measures tor having an
overwhelming majoritv oi your political allies on the ground.
But in tins you were destined to disappointment; andof the
flnrt.y-mnc members composing the two Houses of the
jLegisIature,lliuty-eight were your political opponents. This
body you convened at the lemote town site (loi town it was
not) of Pawnee, m order that, by making it the temporary
seat of government, and by the expenditure of public money
there, you might b'  further enuched one of the owners
of that'locahty. The place being destitute of houses of all
kinds, even of rooms m which to delibcidie. and of all the
nccessanes—to s-ay nothing of the coinlotts of life—the
.Assembly, at an eaily dav, adjourned to a place where the
wants of its members could be better supplied. This re-
moval, so imperatively called lor by circumstances, and so
fully authorized by numerous precedents, you have chosen
toimike the pretext upon which to mwihdate the whole
code of laws enacted by that bodv; so that, if vour counsels
should prevail, the people of the Temtory would be as much
without the piotection of law to-day as they wereayear
ago, when you hrstcame among them.
Being thus foiled m ail your undertakings, disappointed
m some of your mo-t hopeful pro«p«ct^ of gam—defeated
in 3our hopes of liavnitt a Legislatuie subservient to your
views, and the *w0id of }Ustice, long suspended over you,
basing at length fallen, you moodily retired for the concoc-
tion of new mischief. \ou are fiiet seen in conclave with
the most rabid Abohtiom«ts of the Teiritoiy, putting forth
doctrines subversive of all law and good gen eminent, de-
nouncing the acts of the Legislative Assembly, though that
body was elected m pursuauce of your own proclamation,
and the members bore your certificate ot election, as void
and of no binding force, and pledging yourselves to a united
resistance. As a part of the disorganizing schemes adopted,
and doubtless suggested by \ou, n mock election was
