1182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 0,
But we are told by the gentleman from Georgia
that there is precedent for the course suggested.
I understood him to say that the British Parlia-
ment decided contested-election cases by commit-
tee: then the counsel appeared before that com-
mittee, and not before the Parliament.
Mr. STEPHENS. I stated that the manner
of deciding contested-election cases was different
in the British Parliament from what it was here.
That body has rules which fix the mode of de-
cision. The' members for the committee are
selected according to those rules. They are a
sort of special jurors, as we have them in some
of the States. The whole merits of the case go
to that committee for its determination. This
matter was discussed at the beginning of our Gov-
ernment; and the practice finally adopted was,
that contestcd-election cases were*- to be decided
by the whole House. The committee, in the
British Parliament, is only a reduced House to
determine those enses. The manner of conduct-
ing the determination of the case before that
reduced House should be the same here. The
principles which should govern our action are not
changed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
the counsel for each of these gentlemen has made
his argument before the committee, and that those
arguments arc on file with the committee.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee says that the arguments of the counsel in
this case are 011 file. 1 plant myself on n princi-
ple in this matter much higher thai? the cost of
punting* a document. It is known to us all that
members do not always read even what is printed.
Now, when a man who cannot speak our language
comes here, and claims that he has a right to rep-
resent a portion of the freemen of this country,
and asks us to he«^ him by counsel, shall we pro-
ceed to pronounce judgment on that right—would
it be just to ourselves or the claimant to do that—
without having heard him as he desired?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
gentleman from Georgia which is most important,
the interest and right of one of those gentlemen
in a seat here as a Delegate, or the interests and
rights of all the freemen of the Territory of New
Mexico, whom fhev claim to represent?
Mr. STEPHENS. Of the whole people, of
con rse.
Mr. JONES. Then, if you give their repre-
sentative counsel hen1, would nor the same prin-
ciple require you, after you had given him a seat,
to give him counsel to come here and represent
that people by attorney?
Mr. STEPHENS. Not at all. 1 tell the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, by no means. Then he
fits m a n-pn'MMit.itnecapacity. Out the person
who claims a nght to a M*,it upon this floor has
an individual ni'lif, I ><-sides a representative right.
This is a right which rlearly entities him to the
privilege of beine; heard by counsel if he wishes.
It is aright depending upon lei;al principles—
and is to bo judged of and determined judicially.
When he asks to be heard by counsel, touching
this right, it is a very duferentquestion from ask-
ing to represent his constituents by proxy; then
we may properly tell his constituents to send
somebody else, who is capable of attending to
their business himself. But it is as to his legal \
right to a seat—to the office of Delegate, on this
floor, thnt he now asks to be heaul by counsel
learned in the law. In every oflice of emolument
there is in law a properly—a franchise; and it is
to repreront that n^ht and that franchise—-that
individual and personal interest, as well as his
right to represent the people of the Territory of
New Mexico, that he now asks to be heard; and
I do not think it due to him or ourselves to under-
take to pronounce judgment on his legal rights in jj
the matter, until wc have heard the case in such
way as he, by his counsel learned in the law, may
choose to present it under our rules.
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman puts it upon
the ground of interest and property in the right,
1 ask him if, when a person from New Mexico,
who cannot speak the language which we do,
com« s hero with a claim of half a million or a
million of dollars, he will give hun counsel upon
this iloor to advocate his right?
?-/1 r. STEPHENS. No, sir; that is not the
question at ail. I am now upon the question
which should govern us in deciding contests to
the right to seats upon this iloor. The other '
question,,whether I would allow counsel to repre-
sent claimants or not, is a different question. I
might or I might not.
Mr. CARLILE. Then the right of a single
individual citizen of New Mexico, provided it^be
a claim to a seat upon this floor, is of higher and
greater importance, and of more consideration,
than the rights of the citizens of New Mexico,
who are not claiming seats upon this floor. This
is the legitimate inference to be drawn from the
argument of the gentleman from Georgia. Is it
to be imagined that the right to a seat upon this
floor, or in any other franchise, o^r in any ques-
tion in which a single individual is interested, is
of more value than the interests of the people of
New Mexico ? And if the gentleman from Georgia
would turn away a single citizen of New Mexico
who had a claim of half a million or a million of
dollars, or any other amount, and who is unable
to have his interest properly presented to this
body by the inability of his representative to
speak the language understood by this House,
and is denied the right to present the claim to this
body by another than such representative, I ask
by what right does he extend to the representative
that which lie denies to his constituents?
A word now about the precedent cited from the
British Parliament by the gentleman from Geor-
gia. It is not a precedent 111 point; it is not au-
thority to be heard here, because, if they give the
right to contest a seat before a committee of Par-
liament, a party has this right to appearand con-
test before a committee of this House by counsel,
asthey do in England; and wc were told on yes-
terday by the gentleman from Alabama, that in
this very case these gentlemen did appear by
counsel before committees of this House. There-
fore the precedent exhausts itself the very mo-
ment they appear before a committee of this
House. The difference is, that this House re-
serves to itself, after the investigation had by the
committee, and the report made, together with the
facts upon which the report is based, to determ-
ine finally the right of a party to a sent; whereas
the British Parliament leaves to the committee
the final determination and adjudication of the
question. Counsel are allowed to appear, not
before Parliament, but before the committee.
Pieeedents have been cited from the early rec-
ords of this House, and one of them is decidedly
against the position of the gentleman fioni Geor-
gia. Mr. Madison's remarks were quoted upon
that occasion. What were they? The case then
under consideration before this House was one
affecting the jurisdiction of the House; and Mr.
Madison said that, because it was a question of
jurisdiction, it was right and proper that the
House should allow others than members of the
body itself whose jurisdiction was to be affected to
be heard. And, sii, having assigned that reason,
the legitimate inference is, that Mr. Madison, in u
case like this, would have refused the right now ad-
vocated by the gentleman from Georgia, because
it does not involve the powers and jurisdiction of
the House. I repeat again, that the legitimate
inference to be drawn from the position thus taken,
and the reason assigned by Mr. Madison, is, that
upon any other question than that touching the
jurisdiction and powers of the House, he would
have refused the light here asked for.
_ Mr. CLINGMAN. X wish to call the atten-
tion of the gentleman to a short case from Vir-
ginia, which occurred in March, 1804. It was the
contested-election case of Lewis and Moore, and
it was resolved that the memorialist and sitting-
member, if desired, might appear by counsel bo-
fore the bar of the House. Moore; appeared m
person, and then one Jones, the counsel of Lewis,
spoke in favor of his right to a seat. That appears
to be a ease where counsel was allowed to the sit-
ting member, with the privilege of speaking by
counsel if he desired.
Mr. CARLILE. The British Parliament does
not derive its powers from a written constitution,
but this House does. The State of Virginia m
its legislative capacity has the right that belongs
to all sovereigns, wherein they are not delegated
to a Federal Government, or prohibited by the
constitution of the State itself. This, however,
is a Government of limited powers; and the
only authority that this House, as a coordinate
branch of one of the departments of the Govern-
ment, can exercise, it derives from a written con-
stitution. Gentlemen have referred to precedents;
I have not time to examinethosc precedents. But
in one of these precedents to which reference has
been made, and which I have already alluded to,
I find that one of the fathers of the Constitution,
Mr. Madison, participated in the discussion, and
that he, although quoted as authority against my
position, sustains the position which I take, and
shows conclusively that in ordinary cases, where
the mere right of individuals, and not the powers
and jurisdiction of the House, are concerned, he
would have opposed the same proposition as I
am opposing this now.
But, sir, if this right is to be conferred, to
whom is the right of selection of counsel to be
given? To the parties themselves, who claim to
be representatives from New Mexico? They
may introduce here, as counsel to be heard before
this House, one whom this House would not be
willing to receive. If the arrangement is a good
one—if fit would be just to grant the right, then
there would be gross injustice in refusing to give
the selection to the individuals themselves, how-
ever obnoxious that selection might be to each
and every member of this body.
Sir, there is no telling how far this precedent,
should we now set it, may be carried. The day
may come when every claim presented to this
House may be argued by counsel employed by
the claimants. Who can believe that the inter-
ests of Mr. Gallegos would suffer when such
lawyers as the gentleman from Georgia are here
to protect his rights? Who more capable of ad-
vocating them ?
Mr. Speaker, as gentlemen around me desire to
adjourn, I am not disposed to detain the House
longer.
Mr. MAXWELL. I move that when the
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday
next.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the gentleman will
witluhaw that motion. We ought to consider
the private bills.
Mr. COLFAX called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. STANTON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cumback
and Bocock were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 74, noes 31; no quorum voting.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Smith] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask the
Speaker to ascertain whether there is a quorum
in the House ?
The SPEAKER. There is manifestly a quo-
rum in the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I would suggest that, inas-
much as from the vote by tellers it appears that
no quorum was present, the question be taken by
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been refused.
Mr. MAXWELL. I will withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn over.
Mr. LETCHER. I renew the motion, and de-
mand the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. SMjTH. I have the floor,and donotyield
to the rrentlcman from Virginia for that purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit this ques-
tion to the Ctiair. The gentleman from Alabama,
yielded the iloor for the motion to adjourn over,
and 1 submit that he is not entitled to resume the
floor until that question is decided.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama would not have been entitled to the floor,
if the gentleman from Florida had not withdrawn
his motion, so long as that motion was before the
House; but the gentleman from Florida having
withdrawn the motion, as he had the right to do,
the gentleman from Alabama was*cntitled to the
floor upon the motion of the gentleman from
Georgia, to reconsider the vote by which the reso-
lution of the Committee of Elections was re-
jected by the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I am very unwill-
ing that a' question of such small importance
should go over again without being decided. The
resolution reported by the Committee of Elections
resolves itself into a mere question of personal
courtesy extended to a Delegate in this House,
in connection with his personal rights. It is a*8
small plank for any person or any party to attempt
