m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
every; part of the jpatute upon this subject to operate. That
m the construction statutes this rule prevails universally,
is too well settled to be*controverted. 5 Har. & John., p. 26.
Kb particular stress is intended to be laid upon this view,
as it does not relate to your action.
The ©t£er view of it is, that it has been perfectly grati-
fied by your assembling at the time and place pointed out
by the proclamation of the Governor, without question of
the right to call you together there and then. To contend
that it exacts more, and that you were required by it not
only so to meet, but there to remain, can only be success-
fully done by interpolating words which the wisdom of
Congress did not see fit to insert. It would be but to press
to a.little greater extreme, without a difference in the prin-
ciple, the severity of this claim, if it should be contended
that, haviBg assembled, you had no right to adjourn until
your session was finally closed, there being no recognition,
by any language there found, of a right to reassemble after
adjournment.
Whatever argument entitled to particular consideration
is derived from this section, in derogation of your action,
must.be sought for not in this language, which, as we have
shown, has been literally gratified, but in the succeeding
words, "the day of the commencement of the regular ses-
sions of the Legislative Assembly," " shall be prescribed
by jaw." This maybe considered as either imposing an
injunction, or as vesting an authority. If the former, no
inference unfavorable to the affirmance of your act can be
drawn. They would but mean to impose as a duty what
would otherwise have been left to your discretion, and to
require you to fix the period of commencement of future
sessions, instead of leaving this to the Governor, as Con-
gress had done", for convenience, as to the first session.
Supposing the meaning to be a delegation of power, an
argument might be presented not totally destitute of a
eemblance of force, in the absence of any other provision
touching the legislative authority of the Territory, and illus-
trative of the intention of Congress.
It would deuve this force fioin a principle, which lmsits
advocates, that the enumeration of particular, excludes
more general grants of power—one, however, by no means
conceded; but while maintained with earnestness by some,
is denied with confidence by others ; amongst the latter of
whom ii prominent one of the most distinguished jurists
<?f this country, and the peer of the most famed ot any other.
Story's Cora., B. 3, sec. 842.
It is not necessary that we should deny it. Its recogni-
tion would not militate agai 6t our views, since its most
unqualified concession would be restucted by an admitted
quahficafion, that it is only operative m the absence of any
thing to show a different intention, as well as by a rule
already announced—that rule is, that all statutes, or paits
thereof, relating to the same subject-matter, must be con-
sidered together, and so construed as to give to every part,
if practicable, its effect. To assume, therefore, upon this
principle, a negation of your power to do anything beyond
the fixing of the time of your future regular sessions, would
be without authority of the principle itself, because it would
be to disregard alike the 24th section confirming legislative
power, as well as the act of 1855,167. It would be first to
adopt a questionable principle, and then to claim its ser-
vice under circumstances in which it is totally inapplicable.
It is only necessary, in conclusion, to refer to another
part of section 24 of the organic act, to show that the want
of concurrence of the Governor presents no objection to
the effieaey of the acts of the Legislative Assembly, two
thirds of the members of each of its constituent bodies con-
curring therein.
S. D. LECOMPTE,
HUSU KLMORE.
I fully concur in the foregoing opinion, and refrain from
eaying a word on a subject so well discussed.
A. J. ISACKS.
A Member. Who is it by ?
Mr. STEPHENS. By S. D. Lecompte and
Rush Elmore, and is concurred inby Mr. Isaacs,
who was, I think, district attorney. They argue
the whole case. I have not marked the pertinent
passages; I will send the opinion to the reporters,
that it may be printed in full, when all can read
the whole of it, as I hope they will. It is so
decisive that, it seems to me " a wayfaring man,
though he be a fool, cannot err therein." It in-
stances the ease of the Continental Congress, |
in 1777, when Philadelphia was threatened by ;
the British, having adjourned its sessions to 1
Lancaster. Nobody ever questioned its authorjty [
to do so. The British Parliament, in the time of 1
the plague in London,lefttheancient seatoflegis- j
lation, and betook themselves to another place. I
Many instances are given from several States of '
the Union. Some m my qwn State might have \
been added if the traditions of her early history, j
as I have heard them related, bo true. When I
Georgia was invaded by the British, or the Whigs i
were pressed by the Tories, the Legislature went j
from place to place on several occasions, and I
believe they once got into session in the State
of North Carolina—perhaps in my friend's [Mr.
Clingman's] district. [Laughter.] Some of
their records very strangely found their way as
far east as Annapolis. The legality of the pro-
ceedings of a Legislature, then, do not, I think,
depend on the place where they hold their ses-
sions, especially if it be within the limits of their
jurisdiction. The validity of any law passed by
Congress would not be questioned, I suppose, if
Congress should be compelled by an invading
enemy to go elsewhere. The city of "Washington
was once taken by the British. I do not think
such an event will ever occur again. But if it
should, and Congress should adjourn to some
other place, I cannot suppose that their acts would
be invalidated thereby. And I hold that the Legis-
lature of Kansas haa the power to sit just where
they pleased within that Territory: they certainly
had tne power, in my opinion, to set at Shawnee
Mission: so thought the Supreme Court of that
Territory.
The organic law of the Territory, sir, gave the
Legislature all legislative power, under the Con-
stitution, not inconsistent with that organic law.
"Well, one of the first functions of legislative
power is, to determine where the body will meet.
The organic law—the Kansas bill—said that Fort
Leavenworth should be the temporary seat of
government. The Governor himself had changed
that, before the first session of the Legislature.
Congress afterward sgave them the absolute power
to fix the permanent seat of government. The
power to fix the permanent place, of course, in-
cludes the less power of sitting, until that place
should be selected, just where they please.
I do not intend to detain this Blouse longer
upon the argument of this preliminary question;
but Governor Reeder, in his message to the
Legislature, vetoing their bill changing the place
of sitting, stakes his case of the illegality of the
subsequent acts of that body solely upon the fact
that they adjourned to a place which did not meet
with his approval. He, in the mean time, was
removed. His successor in office, however, sanc-
tioned the proceedings of the Legislature at Shaw-
nee Mission; and there were passed all the laws,
I believe, they now have for the protection of
life, liberty, and property, in Kansas.
Mr. DUNN, (interrupting.) I would like to
ask the gentleman a question oefore he takes his
seat. I believe that the right of a member or
Delegate to a seat upon this floor is a right which
belongs not to the Representative or Delegate, but
a right which belongs to his constituents. Sup-
pose , therefore, that any gentleman upon this floor
should absolutely make an affidavit, or do any
other act which in a court of justice might be
regarded as an estoppel—short of an actual resig-
nation, would that preclude his constituents from
insisting upon his services in this Hall?
Mr. STEPHENS. Very well. Suppose I
grant it—admit what you say—we have been here
two months and upwards, and we have heard no
nioitul man, except Governor Reeder, question-
ing the right of General Whitfield. "When and
where have the constituents of General Whitfield
spoken ? Have you lit ard a mortal man of Kan-
sas, except Reeder, complain of the legality and
rightfulness of General Whitfield's election? If
you have, when and where ?
Mr. DUNN. The question which I present
to the gentleman from Georgia is the question of
the power of any man to estop himself of his duty
to represent his constituents upon this floor.
Mr. STEPHENS. The question was, whether
anything Governor Reeder lias done should jeop-
ard the right of the constituents of General Whit-
field or the people of the Territory of Kansas ? I
say no; but we are acting upon the memorial of
A. H. Reeder, and 1 say A. H. Reeder is es-
topped. When General Whitfield's constituents
speak, or the people of Kansas speak, and say
that he is notthuir duly elected Representative or
Delegate, I will give not only a respectful hearing
to their memorial, but go into an investigation of
it. If Governor Reeder has any constituents
who will say that they ought not to be estopped
by his act, I will give them a like hearing and
investigation. I will take the cases as they come.
We are acting now upon the memorial of ex-
Governor Reeder, and it is enough for me to
show that he is estopped.
Now, as I stated before, I do not intend to de-
tain the House. I think that, if the House were
in possession of all the facts which have caused
this motion, they could vote more understand-
ingly. I therefore move that this resolution be
recommitted to the Committee of Elections, with
instructions to report the grounds upon which
they make this application for extraordinary
power, and the reasons which induce them to
do it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I do not intend
to engage for any length of time in the discussion
of this preliminary question. Occupying the
position I do, there perhaps would be an impro-
priety irj my doing so I wish to bring the mat-
ter to a close as speedily as possible, in order that
we may proceed to other public business so long
delayed. I will notice, however, one or two
points made by the honorable gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Stephens;] and I may be per-
mitted to say, that, in view of the excitement
which prevails all over this country in reference
to the existing state of affairs in the Territory of
Kansas, it is most remarkable that the honorable
gentleman should interpose any objection to a
full, free, and fair examination of all the facts.
The gentleman presents the case as a contest
between Governor Reeder and General Whit-
field—a personal matter between these parties.
I take a different view of it. It involves a ques-
tion in which the gentleman's constituents, my
constituents, and the constituents of every mem-
ber upon this floor, have a deeper interest than
either Governor Reeder or General Whitfield;
and I, for one, before I make up my judgment
upon the grave questions involved, desire some-
thing more than mere newspaper reports and
telegraphic dispatches upon which to act. I desire
authentic evidence in solemn form. I do not care
what Governor Reeder may have done in the
premises; nor do I care what General Whitfield
may have done. I. do not care that Governor
Reeder may at one time have acknowledged the
validity of the acts of the Kansas Legislature, or
thatJie subsequently repudiated them as fraud-
ulent. The great point, I apprehend, involved in
this whole matter is the validity of the legislation
in Kansas—whether the legislative body was
constituted properly through the ballot-box.
I hold, sir, that it is a well-settled principle of
law, that any statute may be vitiated by fraud,
and that fraud alleged may be proven by oral
testimony. You may go behind the most formal
record of any of your courts or Legislatures, and
vitiate it by proof of fraud. I do not undertake
to say, as a Representative in this House—nor
will I, until the testimony is before me—whether
that legislation, in Kansas, was or was not a
fraud upon the principles of the Kansas-Ne-
braska act, or upon the rights of the people of
the Territory, or of the States. The very pur-
pose of this resolution—reported from the Com-
mittee of Elections—as 1 understand it, is to go
back, and ascertain by proofs, carefully taken,
such as will satisfy tins House and the country,
whether that legislation was or was not fraudu-
lent.
Does the gentleman from Georgia undertake to
say that, if there be proof of fraud, this House
will not have the power to disaffirm and repeal
any one of the acts of the Territory of Kansas?
I propound that question to him most respect-
fully. I take the ground that, if there be proof
showing that these statutes, or any of them, were
fraudulently procured, this House has the right
to disaffirm and repeal them. The gentleman
[Mr. Stephen^] does not answer. I take it for
granted lie admits the proposition.
Mr. STEPHENS. Be kind enough to repeat it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia, whether, if either one of these acts, or
all of them, are proved to have been fraudulently
enacted by the Legislature of Kansas, Congress
has not the right to disaffirm and repeal them ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I reply to the gentleman's
question briefly. Congress parted with its right,
dominion, and control of government over that
Territory, as far as it could under the limitations
of the Constitution, expressly in the organic law
of the Territory of Kansas; and if the people of
that Territory, by fraud or otherwise, in acts of
legislation, should be deprived of their rights, the
question is to be settled by the rules pointed out
in the organic law, and by the officers given to
them by Congress. We have given them the
power to regulate these matters, as absolutely as
a State has such power, under organic law, sub-
ject to the Constitution only. They have courts
appointed under the Federal Government; they
have a Governor appointed under the Federal
Government; they have authority, under the gen-
eral organic law, to elect a Delegate to Congiess
and members* of the Council and Legislature.
Their laws are to be inquired into, mid their
validity ascertained by their courts, just as the
| laws of the States are. I do not intend to be un-
| derstood as saying that we, as a House of Rep-
