1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
that exploration was regarded as such an extraor-
dinary thing, and such extraordinary merits were
exhibited in the achievement of it, as to render
extra compensation necessary.. I think the world
is now getting so small, that persons can make
these explorations in the more distant seas with-
out necessarily entitling themselves to extraor-
dinary compensation, more especially since we
have now the use of steam in ocean navigation.
In regard to the merits or benefits of these ex-
peditions, we^have seen that merchants in Great
feritain are building one vessel alone which is
seven times as large as the largest vessel ever
before known, or that which is designed for the
great eastern trade, to cross the Pacific ocean
without replenishing its supply of coal. We
cannothave steam navigation on those seas unless
we shall establish coal-yards, and it is among the
objects of these expeditions to ascertain where
we can have coal depots and stationsfor refitting,
so as to sustain our commerce. For this reason,
I am quite willing to discriminate in regard to
expeditions, and maintain the importance and
expediency of the expeditions themselves.
Mr. TOOMBS. The amendment proposes to
allow extraordinary compensation. No reason
is given for it, that I know of, by the chairman
of the committee, except that there is precedent
for the allowance. It is proposed to give them,
I believe, what was given on a former occasion.
I ask the chairman if this is on the recommenda-
tion of the Department?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Florida
says there was no reason but precedent.
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir; I gave the reasons.
Mr. TOOMBS. I heard what the Senator said,
but 1 did not consider them reasons. The only
reason is precedent.
Mr. MALLORY. I said, that if this were an
original matter I should not vote for it; but I said
this appropriation was advocated by the com-
mittee in consequence of these men having been
sent on this special duty, which they could not
perform without extraordinary expenses that
were not taken into consideration when their
salaries were fixed. They all came back in debt
in consequence of being sent to these distant
places; and they incurred expenses which Con-
gress did not design when they fixed the salaries.
Mr. TOOMRS. Has the Navy Department
recommended it?
Mr. MALLORY. I do not know that the
Department has recommended the appropiiation.
The committee has not applied for a recommenda-
tion. It would not weigh with me on a matter
of this kind whether the Departmentrecommended
it or not.
Mr. TOOMBS. I only asked the question.
Mr. MALLORY. That is the answer.
Mr. TOOMRS. I think it would be of import-
ance if the benefit of the public service was in view,
and not a job. It is impossible for the Senate to
say what the services are unless we get proper
information from the Secretary of the Navy. He
is at the head of the naval service, and is the proper
person to determine whether the duty discharged
by a portion of our Navy was done under such
circumstances as to entitle them to a greater com-
pensation than they received. I do not think
there is any appropriate information in the Naval
Committee to enable them to do it more than
anybody else, but there is m the Secretary of the
Navy. It is his business to understand the whole
thing.
Now, in regard to the precedent of Wilkes, I
recollect very well the historical account of that
matter. It seems the history of his expedition is
to run to eternity. It will outlive the Govern-
ment itself. It is not done yet; but the officer is
BtiU going on with his books. We have been
paying him an appropriation from year to year;
and are we done with it ?
Mr. PEARCE. Not quite.
Mr. TOOMBS. And i suppose never will be
as long as you pay him. I suppose he will be
there when the last trump sounds fixing up that
exploration. No doubt lfr is a good place, and
why should he quit it as long as he can get ^aid ?
He went under these circunfstances: many offi-
cers of the Government wanted the place, and he
almost got into a difficulty at one time with some
officers who sought it. He went on the ordinary
duties of a seaman, such as the seamen of all nations
have done in all ages of the world—nothing could
be more directly m the line of his duty. What
the Senator now calls a reason is, that this expe-
dition was not contemplated when Congress fixed
the salary. Surely not. 1 piesume Congress did
not look to any particular expedition, from here
to the Mediterranean, or even from here to Cali-
fornia, bat fixed what was thought to be a fair
compensation to officers of the Navy for doing
the duties of seamen everywhere. That was
looked to; and the Senator from New Hampshire
has properly stated one fact that cannot be gotten
oyer—our officers of the same grade are paid
higher than any others in the world. The per-
sons engaged in that expedition, without doing
anything more than seamen's duties in the line
of seamen's duties, sailing over the world, making
discoveries if they came across any, I believe re-
ceived double pay; anditis proposed to give it to
these people also. I should like to know how the
fact stands, because, as these amendments are
presented, we cannot tell what they do mean. I
should like to know what the pay is. It is said,
" the same pay" as was allowed to Wilkes's ex-
pedition. What was it? The Naval Committee
have that information; but 1 have not got it.
Mr. MALLORY. The officers who were
passed midshipmen, and were called upon to do
the deck duty of lieutenant, received the pay of
passed midshipmen, but performed the duties of
lieutenant.
Mr. TOOMBS. What did Captain Wilkes re-
ceive ? He was a lieutenant then. What did he
receive ?
Mr. MALLORY. Double pay under the act.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the fact I wanted to
get at, that this amendment gives a parcel of of-
ficers double pay. I recollect a few years ago,
when I was in the other branch of Congress, there
was a little amendment stuck on the Naval appro-
priation bill to pay the officers who were on duty
off the California coast the same as the soldiers
There was no reason for it. The soldiers'ex-
penses were greatly increased on land, but the
sailors were not in the slightest degree alfected
by that, for they were found on board their ships.
I think that drew above a million of dollars fiom
the Treasury by about four lines of an amend-
ment at midnight introduced on an appropriation
bill. This is of the same character, because, as
I stated, nobody can tell what you are paying,
and I should like to know whether it does not in-
clude Dr. Kane's Arctic expedition?
Mr. MALLORY. There is an amendmentfor
that.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understood those men were
sent out by a citizen of New York, and his liber-
ality, I have heard,greatly lauded for paying the
expedition except the vessel and a few men fur-
nished by the Government. Men volunteered,
it was said, with great alacrity; and nobody was
sent who did not volunteer. It was understood
to be at the expense of Mr. Grinneil, of New
York. I should like to know if we are going to
give double pay to his men ? 1 am inquiring for
information where I ought to get it.
Now, as tu the La Plata expedition; the La
Plata was discovered by Spaniards, and was
settled three hundred years ago. These officers
might not have known of it. 1 have read a num-
ber of these books of discoveries. They arc
bringing in large volumes of facts taught to
school boys twenty-five years ago to my knowl-
edge, and I presume they learn them now. They
were grand discoveries with these people who
wentoutexploring,because they enlightened their
ignorance, but they were discoveries only where
there was ignorance. The La Plata river is well
understood. It is not dangerous seas; it is not
distant lands. There have been a batch of re-
publics there for many years, and we have treaties
of amity and commerce with them. We have
found out who they are. They are very good
treaties, and were ratified by the Senate. We
know the La Plata river well. The English have
gone up it in a man-of-war nine hundred or twelve
hundred miles ! WhaWgrand discoveries ! They
are discoveries to people who are ignorant. The
La Plata river has been fen own for three hundred
years, and has been fully understood from the
foot of the Andes to the ocean, and all these
streams are understood. We are paying extra
to men for going there, one of the cheapest coun-
tries of the world. They are very indifferent
people it is true, as are all the,mixed Spanish
race. The Jesuits hare been there two hundred
years. It is one of the countries where food is
cheaper than any in the world. That is the La
Plata country. I believe it would be difficult.to'
get bread there unless they carried it with them,,
for the people do not till the earth. Nature is so .■
generous that it furnishes them enough for such
support as they wish. Of all parts of the world
the La Plata country is the easiest place to sup-
port human life. The whole affair seems to be
that these men went up some river they did not
know of before, and that is the reason for extra
compensation ! These particular men have gone
up some particular river they never heard of be-
fore; but children had got it in the geographies
of the country, and I have no doubt, if they were
taught properly at Annapolis, it would not have
been so wonderful to them.
As to the Behring's straits expedition, have
they made any new discoveries there ? No doubt
they got a book full of snakes and ice-fields,
like Gilliss's book of Chili. He brings a book
with pictures of insects of that country, one very
well known with a large and intelligent popula-
tion, and you made a book which cost $160,000
to give hnn reputation. This is another of those
jobs to give reputation to these people, and put
money in their pockets. There is nothing else
in it. The sailors of Cape Cod have been going
through Behrmg's straits and catching whales
there for twenty-five years. They have succeeded
in running off everybody else by their skill, and
industry, and enterprise. This amendment in-
cludes those who explored the China seas. The
China seas are as old as the world. As long as
navigation has existed they have been known. It
is true we have forgotten much of the knowledge
of the ancients, and very much they have got in
those coantries that we have not. There is a
state of enlightenment in many of those countries
that really far excecds some places in this coun-
try. You may take China, and even Hindostan,
and so far as what is generally considered evi-
dence of education is concerned, there are more
persons in both.-those countries who can read
than in any part of America. That is the best
information we have got. We are in the habit
of considering them barbarians, and they consider
us barbarians.
The English Navy have no coast survey, but
they get their surveys done for much less money
than we do. Every British ship, when it goes
into a harbor to refit, puts the officers to surveying
the harbor; but here we must have bureaus and
jobs for everything. We have never tried these
men on sea under the new system, and I do not
think you would find the same results under this
system as we had in the last war. These are
not the men who covered your Hag with glory
then. They are a different class of men. The
seaman is liable to go everywhere his country
sends him oh a ship. That has been the duty of
seamen in all countries. Sometimes they are
negotiators, and if those negotiations have cost
them extra trouble, as in the case of Commodore
Puny, they are allowed money. I think that was
legitimate and proper, but they do not show hero
any extraordinary expenses incurred. A British
admiral oftentimes makes treaties; and when in
suchcasesexpensesareincurred,andnewrespons- - .
ibihties arc created, it is very fair and proper to
pay for them. I supported Perry's compensation
on that basis, because that was a special case, and
an exceptional case for exceptional duty. Here
we arc paying for nothing but the regular busi-
ness of seamen. Why do you not put in the
Japan expedition, and all the officers and seamen
there? 1 believe they have never been paid ex-
cepting the commanding officcr,and that was for
special and,. I think, sufficient reasons. They
were in the China seas, but these were in the
China seas and Behring's straits. Behring's
straits have been discovered a long time. They
were known on the maps at least, when I was a
boy, and very well understood. All these so-
called contributions to human knowledge are gen-
erally not of the slightest value; and I do not
believe, that in all our expeditions we have made
the slightest contribution of the least vaiue to
human knowledge, and but little to trade.
As to the results expected by the Senator .from .
New York and others from the Japan trade* I
consider it of no more vaiue than the trade of a _
