2QQQ
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
tribe of Indians or Africans. It has produced
nothing, and will not. The mistake of the Sen-
ator arises from this: anciently the western world
was engaged in fighting—they were half savage;
and the eastern world went to work and manu-
factured sdks and other articles. Having a mo-
nopoly, and a very dense population not given to
wars, they had the trade of the world, because
they supplied the world with things which other
people did not make. But the moment you erected
a" steam engine, you transferred the great com-
mercial power of the world from the Eastern to
the Western hemisphere. In China they can
now make silks cheaper than anywhere else, and
other manufactures by hand cheaper than any-
body else, but they have not the appliances of
modern science. Even in this country, as new
as we are, you will find this change. Thirty
years ago, if you look at our tables, you will find
we imported largely from China cotton goods;
now every ship that goes out of Boston takes out
some of our goods to China. Why? The intel-
ligence and intellect of the country, aided by
machinery, have overrode all the advantages of
dense population, and all the advantages of man-
ipulation. The trade of the East is nonsense,
and has been for the last two hundred years one
of the most inconsiderable trades. The trade of
the China seas is not half equal to the trade of
some ports of America. I could select particular
commodities of our trade with Great Britain,
larger than the entire exports of China, and
* Japan, and all the eastern seas. The world has
become civilized. The tide has rolled on to the
West. The East no longer manufactures and sells
to you, but you manufacture and sell to them.
Mr. PEARCE. This has been a very dis-
cursive debate, and I do not propose to follow
gentlemen in their various excursions, but I want
to guard against an admission which might per-
haps be gathered from what has fallen in debate,
and particularly from the gentleman from Geor-
gia, who I think disparages the merits of several
of these expeditions.
Now, in regard to the expedition of Captain
Wilkes. He discovered fifteen hundred miles of
coast, and was exposed to greift hardships and
extraordinary penis. He surveyed more than
one hundred islands unknown to commerce—
scarcely known to navigation—the perils of sur-
veying which were extremely great, because the
whole coast was unknown, and scattered here
and there in very many places with reefs which
made it exceedingly dangerous. I know, from
the testimony of those who were with him, and
were not particularly friendly to him, that he
conducted that expedition with singular knowl-
edge. I know that he did a vast deal of work
himself. We have the proofs of what I say in
the results of the expedition. We have more
than one hundred charts, esteemed so valuable
by our commercial marine, that they are in large
demand. They are sold for their .post in our
custom-houses; and I know the first edition,
which was quite a large one, has been entirely
exhausted, and we have been compelled to re-
print them for the use of practical men who know
nothing about science.
Mr. TOOMBS. Has anybody printed them
but this Government?
Mr. PEARCE. No, sir, and nobody can print
them but the Government, because nobody can
make money by them. The Government has
the copper-plates, and the Government prints
them and sells them at cost. There is no induce-
ment for anybody to enter into competition with
the Government. The fact of their value is shown
by the other fact which I have mentioned, that
they are bought up by the commercial marine,
and the first edition has been exhausted. They
have paid money into the Treasury, because the
money paid for them has gone into the Treasury
of the United States. So much for that.
1 think these expeditions have produced good
fruits. I have no doubt the expedition of Mr.
Rodgers will prove to be equally valuable; and I
have no doubt that the expedition of Lieutenant
Page is a meritorious one, and will be valuable.
I think, so far from having merely explored that
which everybody knew before, lie has found
unknown ground. He has gone up a river not
known to navigation at all—I think the Salado—
/ s®v'®n hundred miles. Much has been known
of the La Plata itself; but there has b6en great
ignorance of its tributaries, and this gentlem-Sn
has dispelled a great deal of that ignorance.
Now, in regard to the publications of the ex-
ploring expedition to which my friend from Geor-
gia alluded, so much has been said heretofore,
that I have not asked a: dollar these two years;
and I have at this moment a most unpleasant
controversy on my hands because I will not ask
for more money. I am firmly resolved to com-
ply with my promise made two years ago; and
whether I cut short or not, I shall ask for no
more money. The work shall be finished so far
as I can finish it with the appropriations made
by Congress. If I were to detail to the Senate
the great trouble 1 have had about it, I think
I should have the reputation of extraordinary
patience and zeal in the public service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You should have extra
pay. [Laughter.]
Mr. PEARCE. I do not know whether I could
not set up a claim for double compensation my-
self. [Laughter.] However, passing from that,
it might be supposed from all this, that I favor
this extra pay. I am sorry to say I do not. I
have seen so much of this disposition to demand,
£>r services a little beyond the customary and
ordinary, some further and other compensation,
that I have come to the conclusion to vote against
these appropriations. I am sorry I have to do
it; but it is so very difficult to discriminate be-
tween cases of extraordinary merit and extraordi-
nary hardship for which we might allow some
compensation, and those which come between
mere ordinary service and those other extraordi-
nary ones, that it seems to me the only safe rule
is to confine these gentlemen to their regular pay,
unless some case of such peculiar and extraordi-
nary hardship shall be shown as to justify our
giving extra pay. On the whole, I shall be obliged
to record my vote against this amendment, though
regretting that I am compelled to do so.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to prolong
the discussion, but having introduced the amend-
ment, it is due t.o the committee that it should be j
understood. This is an amendment to give the j
officers of the La Plata and Behring's straits ex- j
peditions the extra pay given to Captain Wilkes, !
given toHerndon,given to Gibbon,and in accord- j
ance with precedent. The Senator from Georgia j
supposes that is the only ground on which it stands. 1
I expressly disclaimed that, and said if I had been '
here when the precedent was established, I should
have voted against it entirely. But the Senator
from Georgia, to disprove the right of these peti-
tioners, has informed us that the La Plata was
known three hundred years ago, and Behring's
straits penetrated by Cape Cod men, and that the
Chinese seas are an old subject. He says these
men have not added a single iota to our stock of
geographical knowledge. That is his opinion,
and probably he has not investigated the subject.
I have. I have taken the trouble to look at some
of the results of the Behring's straits expedition,
and to that I will now refer. I have before me a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy relating to
it, in which he compliments the expedition for j
their diligence, and says:
" The duties of the expedition have been faithfully nnd
skillfully performed, and weie of an exposed and trying
nature."
In answer to a resolution proposed hero by the
Senator from New York, the Secretary of the Navy
has entered somewhat into details as to the result
of these survys. In reply to the misconception
of the Senator from Georgia, that the expedition
has not really added to the stock of our geograph-
ical knowledge, I will say to him, that this expe-
dition sailed over very large supposed islands laid
down on the British and Russian charts, and they
have, therefore, disproved the existence of land
in the open sea which has been supposed to exist
ever since those charts were published.
I will say further, that it has discovered an
island never previously discovered, in which
there are magnificent harbors for the largest sized
men of war, perfectly sheltered—islands that are
inhabited by people altogether unknown, and
lying almost directly in #ie track of our trade
between Japan and San Francisco—islands which
it will become thisGovernment to take possession
of as coal depots or naval rendezvous. It has
added much to our meteorological information in
establishing the laws of the typhoons that sweep
over the Pacific, and has surveyed particularly j
the sea of Okhotsk, the great whaling ground, and
penetrated the Arctic sea further than any Rus-
sian explorations or others have gone before, and
disproved the existence of land laid down by
Russian charts of the polar sea.
I cannot, sir, undertake to detail the hundred
cases of useful knowledge added to our geograph-
ical information and science by this expedition^
It is not proposed to make a book. The com-
mander of that expedition is not a man of that
kind. I do not know that he has had any peti-
tion here; his officers have. The committee have
not come forward and asked the Senate to give
an additional sum without knowing what it is. I
have made a calculation of the precise sum which
these men will get. Under the act of 1852 the
seamen will get double pay, and the officers the
pay of the grade they actually performed, and
two dollars a day more. That is the effect of the
amendment.
In relation to the La Plata expedition, carried
on by the single ship of Captain Page, the Sen-
ator from Georgia throws it into ridicule. As I
said, the people who live on the La Plata them-
selves thank him, and laud him in the highest
terms as the greatest discoverer in the world. If
he has not added to the information of the Sen-
ator from Georgia, he has very much increased
the stock of knowledge of the inhabitants of the
La Plata and its tributaries. They have been
vastly enlightened, very much iniproved, and they
are under high obligations to our Government for
sending Captain Page there. The Senator from
Georgia says that is a very cheap country. In
that he is mistaken. There is no comparison
between the expenses of living there now and
what they were years ago. He may suppose
beef is cheaper in the Brazils than here, because
it was formerly so. I can inform the Senator,
that any expedition that goes there now will have
to pay as much for beef as in the city of Wash-
ington. It is so now, but was not formerly, and
no officer on the expedition came away without
being in debt.
I advocate the payment of this increased pay,
not because these men have performed duties
which in establishing their salaries were not con-
templated, (for we do expect our officers to know
something of hydrography, and perform surveys
in the routine of their duty,) but I take the ground
that they have incurred a degree of expense that
Congress never contemplated in fixing the sal-
aries. The passed midshipmen who performed
this duty receive $780 a year, and many of them
are thirty years of age, and have families. I put
it to Senators here, if, living in the country any-
where, and dividing their families, the head of the
family going to sea, that is an extravagant allow-
ance. A lieutenant gets $1,500 a year, with a
divided family. It has been supposed that they
get exorbitant pay; but I hold it is exceedingly
small now, when the price of almost every article
has increased fifty per cent, since the pay was
established. Now, when a British officer per-
forms useful work of this kind, he is promoted.
That is what he gets immediately. There is no
law, no usage, forbidding his promotion. The
practice of the British Government is, when a
man comes home from an expedition of this kind,
having faithfully performed his duties to the satis-
faction of his country, to give him a higher grade
and increased pay, by promotion. We do not do
it, but simply give temporary pay. 1 will not
discuss the measure longer.
Mr. SLIDELL. Being a member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, it may be expected that
I should support the amendment. I do not concur
with the majority of the committee in the recom-
mendation which they have made. I see nothing
in this service of such a character as to entitle the
officers and men to extra compensation; and my
practice is, when a false precedent has been estab-
lished , instead of pursuing it to its consummation,
at once to recede. I think there was a mistake
in relation to the expedition of Wilkes. Perhaps,
however, the officers and men employed in that
expedition were exposed to greater hardships,
and rendered greater services, and were better
entitled to extra compensation, than the gentlemen
nowtsought to be provided for by this amend-
ment. I should have said nothing on this subject,
except, as I repeat, being a member of the com-
mittee, it might be supposed I gave my sanction
to the report. I did not.
