THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
- the course suggested by the Committee of Elec-
tions. ■ r„,r ■,
The -gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,]
who has just taken his seat, has argued, and with
considerable force, that it is competent for the
House to annul the legislation of Territories; and
he has put himself to the trouble of citing an in-
stance, which occurred during the last Congress,
of the passage of a law, for which I voted, to
annul an act of the Legislature of Minnesota.
He adverted to it as an instance of the annulment,
for fraud, of an act of a Territorial Legislature.
:The gentleman need not have put himself to so
much trouble to establish so plain a proposition;
for I say to the gentleman from Ohio, that the
Congress of the United States have not only the
right to annul an act of the Territorial Legislature
for fraud, but for any other cause. It was not
necessary, therefore, to show there was fraud in
that act. The very law establishing the territo-
rial government of Minnesota provided that the
laws of the Territory should be sent to Congress
for revision; and that, if disapproved, they should
be null and void—no matter why disapproved—
if disapproved for any reason they were to be
null and void; and although, as the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] has suggested, the
acts establishing the governments of Kansas and
Nebraska omitted this usual provision—and I
regarded the omission as of evil omen to the pol-
itics of the South—yet, sir, I am not prepared
to admit with him that, because no express
power was reserved to Congress to annul the acts
of these Territorial Legislatures, it is, therefore,
not competent for Congress to annul any act,
either of Kansas or Nebraska. I claim the power
in Congress to annul any such act, notwithstand-
ing the attempt made by Congress, in the Ne-
braska bill—for I concede that it did attempt it—
to delegate irrevocably power to the Legislatures
of Kansas and Nebraska to determine their own
legislation at all times. I maintain that it is now
competent for Congress, notwithstanding this at-
tempted abnegation, to call for and annul any acts
of these Legislatures which we may think proper
to disapprove. But I suggest that this is not the
question now before us. We are not now acting
on the laws of the Territory; we are not under-
talcing to annul any act of Kansas.
The law under which the election was held
has not been called for; it has not been sent to us;
and we are not now passing upon the provisions
of that act. "We are simply engaged in determ-
ining upon the right of a contestant to a seat
on this floor as a Delegate from a Territory; and
in this contest the validity or the invalidity of
any act of the Territorial Legislature of Kansas
is only incidentally in question. I think, then,
sir, that this is a most extraordinary power that
we are asked to confer. I, for one, am not willing
to concede it to any committee, except under very
extraordinary circumstances, and in the most im-
portant exigencies of the Government.
Mr. TAYLOR. I would ask the gentleman
from Virginia to allow me a few moments of his
time before he resumes his seat.
Mr. MILLSON. I would say to my friend
from Louisiana that I promised the gentleman |
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] to renew the demand
for the previous question. !
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from [
Louisiana will renew the demand, I have no ob-1
jection to granting his request. <
Mr. TAYLOR. I will renew it. It is not
my intention to say a word upon the questions
involved in what is known as the Kansas contro-
versy. I desire, however, to address to the House
a few words in relation to the precise question
now before it. As I understand it, the question
which is now presented for our consideration is
this: Shall the Committee of Elections have the
power to send for persons and papers, with a view
to the investigation of the question which has
risen as to the right to the seat now occupied by
General Whitfield in this Hall, as a Delegate
from the Territory of Kansas. The chairman of 1
the Committee 011 Territories, in addressing the j
House with respect to it, said, in reply to the
remark made by the gentleman from Missouri,
that the act regulating the proceedings with re- \
spect to contested elections, passed in 1851, had
no application to the question involved in this
contest; and that gentleman, after having made
that declaration, said that.the authority which the .
committee asked to be permitted to exercise was
derived from the Constitution of the United States
Mr. Speaker, aecording to my view, that gen-
tleman fell into a grave error; and it is an error
which will be perfectly apparent to any individ-
ual who takes the pains to examine (he structure
of this House, and the relations which subsist
between it and the contestants. This House has
certain authority derived from the Constitution of
the United States. That authority is conferred
upon it by an article of the Constitution, in which
it is declared that the House " shall be the judge
of the election, returns, and qualifications of its
own members." Sir, the contest which is had
in view, is not a contest in respect to the seat of
any individual claiming to be a member of this
House. The Territories are distinct and separate
from the States of this Union. The members
of this House, with respect to which the power
is given in the article of the Constitution which I
have read, have a right to seats upon this floor,
and have a right to a voice in the legislation of the
country. They have the right to act.
Now, what is the relation between the Terri-
tories and the Constitution of the United States,
and what is the relation between the Delegates of
the Territories and the Congress of the United
States ? Why, sir, the Delegate has no voice in
legislation. He is not a member of this House.
He is simply an agent of the people of a Ter-
ritory, who delegate to him the power to repre-
sent them here, with the permission of Congress
—with the permission of the Government of the
United States; and he represents them only in
making known their wishes with respect to
measures they desire to have passed for their
benefit, and in making known their objections to
measures which we propose to pass in respect
to them, and which they see reason to object to.
Under those circumstances, a Delegate is not a
member of the House. He is a simple agent,
employed by a distinct community, to act in
Congress; and under the legislation of the United
States that agent is permitted to have a seat upon
this floor for his convenience, and for the conve-
nience of the public business. That is the extent
of the privilege. He has no authority to act. He
has no voice in deciding questions. Ho has no
power. Looking at the relation which exists be-
tween the Territories and the States of the Union,
and the peculiar character and position of the
Delegates from the Territories, is it not inevita-
ble, that any one who wishes to decide correctly
will say that 110 authority whatever, with respect
to this contest, is vested in this House by that
article of the Constitution? If there be any power
in this House to engage in any such investiga-
tion as that involved in the existing contest, that
power is derived either from the provisions of
the territorial acts, or from the provisions of the
act of 1851. By the general terms of the thirty-
second section of the Kansas-Nebraska act, the
act of 1851 is, with other acts of Congress, de-
clared to bo operative over the Territory of Kan-
sas. If that act be not in force, then this House
is without any authority to act in relation to this
matter, unless it be given in the territorial act
itself. The simple question presented is, whether
this individual or that individual has the proper
power of attorney from the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas. If other evidence besides that
provided for in the territorial act is to be ob-
tained, and a power equal to the investigation is
not given by the act, and if the act of 1851 be not
operative, there is no act, no authority, and no
power in this House in relation to that subject.
But, sir, 1 believe that the act of 1851 is appli-
cable. 1 believe that the greater proposition
always includes the minor; that the mode of
investigation provided for determining the right
to the seats of members of this House—which is
the greater proposition—necessarily embraces
within it the minor proposition, that of determ-
ining the right of persons to appear amongst us
as Delegates from the Territories, upon the princi-
ples of construction so clearly laid down by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson.] If
that view be correct, then it is perfectly clear that
this House has no authority to act in any other
manner until the steps contemplated by the act of
1851 have been completed. And why ? For this
simple reason, that this body has no authority
which has not been conferred upon it by the
Constitution of the United States, or by an act of
Congress which has received a constitutional
sanction. And, sir, no such power is given by
the territorial act under which General Whitfield
has taken his seat; and if it is not conferred upon
the House by the act of 1851, it cannot be now
upon any resolution adopted by itself, for it has
no power under the Constitution to so act. It
can only act, I say, in conjunction with that other
branch to which is intrusted the legislative power
of this Government, sitting at the other end of
the Capitol, and after the power has been con-
ferred, and the particular manner of proceeding
has been established, by the exercise of the legis-
lative power of this nation.
That is all that I wish to say to the House upon
the subject at this time; and I now renew the call
for the previous question, in compliance with the
understanding with the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. DUNN. I hope the gentleman from Lou-
isiana will indulge me.
Mr. TAYLOR. I renew the call only in com-
pliance with the agreement made with the mem-
ber from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. DUNN. Then I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will consent to withdraw it until I make a
few remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL assented, and the call for
the previous question was withdrawn.
Mr. DUNN. I do not like, Mr. Speaker, to
vote for the resolution oifered by the Committee
| of Elections as it now is, if it is possible to have
it put in some better form; arid therefore it is that
I am inclined to approve of the suggestion of the
gentleman from Georgia, to recommit the resolu-
tion; and if there bo nothing more than a sugges-
tion to that etfect, I will make that motion.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have already moved to
recommit it.
Mr. DUNN. Very well; then as the motion
is made, I wish simply to give the reasons why I
approve of that motion.
It is very certain, Mr. Speaker, that there is a
great abuse of the public mind on this subject in
one or the other direction of the country. There
may be an abuse both ways, as is suggested on
my right. And it is important that the precise
truth, as far as possible, should be ascertained
by such means as we can command, and pro-
mulged to the country.' But, sir, when we are
asked to clothe the Committee of Elections with
unlimited power 011 this subject, that, I think, is
going further than is proper. Therefore it is,
that it occurs to me the matter should go back to
the committee, and they be instructed to report
the extent of the power with which they seek to
be clothed, as to the number of witnesses they
shall call on each side, and as to the points of the
controversy to which these witnesses are to be
called. While vte ought to seek for the truth, there
is no propriety in wholly disregarding all consider-
ations of economy; and gentlemen need not tax
their imaginations to see how greatly this limited
power might be abused. I am not to be under-
stood by this remark as intimating a fear that the
members of the committee themselves would in-
dulge in any abuses, but eager and anxious friends
on both sides of this controversy may press the
matter beyond the reasonable indulgence of this
committee; and if the committee should, at last,
say to them that their importunities can be no
further indulged, the party thus turned away
might go forth to the country and say that justice
had not been done them, and so the moral force
of the report of this committee will be wholly lost
on the public mind. For this cause, I think, the
matter should go again to the committee, and.the
committee should report in some plain and con-
cise way the extent of power they want as to the
number of witnesses, and as to the points on
which these witnesses are to be called. If the
indulgence proposed by the committee is deemed
insufficient by any interested party, let the fact
be then suggested here, and the House, beyond
doubt, will extend the authority of the commit-
tee to such a liberal point as will insure the ends
of justice. This will then be done in the face of
day, and all men will see it.
This investigation is due, I think, to each of
the gentlemen who are contesting for a seat on
this floor. It is due to Mr. Whitfield and to
Governor Reeder, both. It is due also to the
friends of both, and to all sections of the coun-
try. The suggestion made by the gentleman
