1186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
to meet. I had no time to revise the newspa-
pers.
Mr. JONES. Then I do not understand that
the gentleman ever publicly repudiated the report,
or that the paper which published it made any
correction.
Mr. SHEED. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. JONES. Yes; make your question.
Mr. SNEED. I 'shall object to nothing that
my col'.Shgue desires to say m personal explana-
tion, or vindication, under this leave of the House;
but X protest tigainst gentlemen getting up, and,
under the plea of personal explanations, making
accusations against others.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must make the
same decision on the question of order raised by
the gentleman from Tennessee as it made on that
raised by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Jones.] The gentleman's colleague [Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee] obtained consent to make
a statement relating to his personal position; and
it is impossible for the Chair to say that the dis-
cussion of these matters to which he alludes is
not necessary to determine his own position.
Mr. SNEED. My colleague has not been as-
sailed at all 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] has the floor.
Mr. JONES. I submit to my colleague whether
it was a personal explanation when the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Fuller] was making
an assault on Mr. Buchanan >
Mr. SNEED. Certainly it was.
_Mr. JONES. And I would ask him why he
did not then raise the question of order?
Mr. SNEED. The allusion to Mr. Buchanan
was intimately connected with his own position.
Mr. JONES. I do not see how. I do not sup-
pose that the gentleman pretended, or pretends
now, to be a supporter of Mr. Buchanan. All I
want in this case is to get at the fact.
I shall be rejoiced—if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania did in 1849 entertain the sentiments
attributed to him—if he has repudiated those
sentiments; and 1 would be rejoiced if every other
one throughout this country, who entertains
such sentiments, would follow ins example, and,
if he has repudiated them, do likewise. Sir, f do
not understand the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania
to repudiate the sentiments of anti-slavery, and
of opposition to the extension of slavery, enter-
tained by him m 1849. I do not understand that
at that time he was an opponent of tin; Wilmot
proviso. And, sir, I should be gratified to know
whether the gentleman does not occupy now the
position with regard to the slavery issues which
he has always occupied > That, sir, is a question
which t should be glad if the gentleman would
answer.
Mr. JFUXiLER. 1 stated, ns I supposed very
clearly and distinctly, that 1 denied the utteranco
ofany sentiments in favor of northern interference
to secure the abolition of slavery. I stated this
distinctly. I repeat it, that on these occasions
the question of slavery was discussed in Pennsyl-
vania in consequence of the then recent acquisi-
tion from Mexico, and was treated by me in the
manner T have stated,
Mr. JONES. That is what I understand even
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr*. Giddings] will
advocate to-day—that they will notintcrfere with
the institution in the States where it exists; that
if the South wish to retain it they have a right,
to do so. But I would ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania if he did not, in that canvass, at
that time, advocate the adoption by Congress of
the Wilmot proviso, and if he was not at the
time acting with the "VVilmot-proviso or anti-
flavcry party of Pennsylvania ?
Mr FULLER.. I will say to the gentleman,
tnat during that contest, I had not the folly to
argue a great constitutional question like that of
the Wilmot proviso. It had nothing to do with
the discharge of the duties of the office for which
I was a candidate, and 1 therefore did not attempt'
to argue iu Why, sir, as lute as 1849, General i
Cass, here in the Senate, declared that the Wilmot '■
proviso  ]
Mr. JONES. If the gentleman is going to
make a speech, he had better take another hour.
Mr. £ ITLLLR. Just a moment, by way of
illustration; I say, General Cass declared in the
Senate that he had not examined the question of
the constitutionality of the Wilmot proviso. And
sir, certainly, if General Cass, who had been
engaged all'his life in the public service, as Gov-
ernor of a Territory, as Senator in Congress, and
as Minister abroad, with all his vast opportuni-
ties, and his acknowledged intellect, had not
had time, and was not prepared, to pass upon the
constitutionality or the unconstitutionality of
the Wilmot proviso, how could I, a young and
humble candidate for the office of Canal Commis-
sioner, be expected to entertain any opinion upon
the subject? [Great laughter.]
Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania did not answer the question which I pro-
pounded to him: whether he approved, at that
time, of the Wilmot proviso or not; and whether
he did not act at that time with the Wilmot-pro-
viso party in Pennsylvania ? The gentleman says
he had not the folly to argue the constitutionality
of that question. Perhaps, like many of those
who acted with him, he took it for granted that
it was constitutional, and that it would be labor
thrown away to argue the question.
The gentleman further says that the constitu-
tionality of that question luia nothing to do with
the duties of the office for which he was a candi-
date. I ask the gentleman if he did not state
in his remarks that he discussed the question of
slavery in his Alleghany speech, but that it was
reported stronger than he made it? And I should
further like to ask the gentleman what relation
the question of slavery had to discharging the
official duties of Canal Commissioner of Pennsyl-
vania ? [Laughter.]
And again: if he did discuss that question upon
that occasion, did he or did he not touch upon
the Wilmot proviso*, and did he or did he not say
he was for the Wilmot proviso, and against the
extension of slavery in the territory then re-
cently acquired from Mexico ? or what was the
issue between hnn and his competitor that made
it necessary for him to discuss the question of
slavery at all ? Wove they both on the same side,
or did they profess different principles, and occupy
different positions ?
Mr. BENSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the llouse not to make a personal explana-
tion, but to do a little public business. I should
be glad if the flouse would allow the committees
to be called for leports of private bills.
Many Mkjmjskks dissented.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 demand the regular
order of business.
Mr. BENSON. Is it not in order to make the
motion ( have indicated ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the con-
sent of the House to withdraw some papers,
i {Loud cries of ''No!" "No!" and 44 Regular
| older!"]
| Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
I now adjourn.
I The motion was disagreed to-—ayes 55, noes
1 G9.
NEAV MEXICO CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
j of business—being the motion of Mr, Stephens
i to reconsider the vote by which the House re-
i jected the resolution rotating to the right of the
i-parties to be heard before the House in the New
j Mexico contested-election case, upon which the
i main question had been ordered.
I Mr. CARL1LIS moved that the motion to
; reconsider be laid upon the table.
j Mi. GROW demanded tellers upon the motion,
i Mr. CARL1LE demanded the yeas and nays,
j The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
1 and Toon were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 48.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The question then recurred on the following
resolutions reported from the Committee of Elec-
tions:
UaoU-crf, Th.it Jo«d flannel Gallegos i«i not entitled to a
soat m tins bofly a* Delegate from the Territory of New
Mexico.
Resolved, That Miguel A. Otero is entitled to a seat m
: tliib body aa such Delegate.
j Mr'. SMITH, of Alabama, moved that the
| resolutions and the accompanying report be laid
1 on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURN. Had we not better fix
some day to which their consideration should be
postponed?
The SPEAKER. T?he question is one of priv-
ilege, and can be called up atany time.
Mr. Smith's motion was agreed to; and then,
On motion of Mr. DAVIDSON, (at three
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned until Mon-
day, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 12, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information relative to obstructions placed
by General Andrew Jackson at the mouth of the
bayou Lafourche, in Louisiana, to prevent the
approach of the enemy's vessels in 1814, 1815,
with an estimate of the cost of removing the same;
which, on motion of Mr. Slidell, was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, copies of the correspondence on the sub-
ject of Indian disturbances in the Territories of
Washington and Oregon; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, a report of the Court of Claims, made in
pursuance of law, of the opinions of that court on
the claim of J. D. Holman, executor of Jesse B.
Holman; and the claim of John C. Hale; and of
the decisions of the court in favor of the claims
of Salvador Accardi, John Robb, William H.
Chase, Almanzon Huston, and Michael Nourse,
accompanied by a bill for the relief of Salvador
Accardi, a bill for the relief of John Robb, a bill
for the lelief of William H. Chase, a bill for the
relief of Almanzon Huston, and a bill for the relief
of Michael Nourse; which was read, and upon
motion of Mr. Brodiiead, it was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of Isaac N.
Cary and others, agents of the Columbian Har-
mony Society, in the city of Washington, pray-
ing that the restriction in the deed of conveyance
on the power to sell a square of ground, pur-
chased of the Commissioner of Public Buildings
for a burial ground, by that society, may be
removed; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens
of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, praying for a reduc-
tion of the rates of postage, and a revision of
the_ domestic and foreign postal system of the
United States: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered. That the memorial of the Legislature of Lou-
isiana on the files of the Senate, piaymg for the removal
of obstructions' at the mouth of the bayou Lafourche, be
refened to the Committee on Commeice.
Mr. SLIDELL also submitted papers in rela-
tion to the subject; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of Mi?. Jane M.
McOiabb be withdiawn from the flics and icferied to the
Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 13) granting the right of way
to the St. Louis and Iron Mountain railroad
through the arsenal, magazine, and Jefferson bar-
racks tracts, reported it without amendment.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Cyrus H. McCormick, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 301) for
his relief; which was read, and ]Dassed to a second
reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
