1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Adam.
Senate.
country; but, sir, it is a bad precedent, and one
that I do not approve—the creation of a new
office for a particular man. Again, I object to the
disposition frequently manifested to follow the
example of foreign Governments in making and
conferring new titles. I am for holding on to our
American policy in its native simplicity. Some
of these considerations will apply as objections, j
but not with the same force, to the fifth section '
also, which gives the title of flag officers to cap- I
tains in command of squadrons. j
And now to conclude. Two or three cases of i
supposed wrong and injustice (and it may be that i
such cases have been clearly established) have ;
been seized upon, and prominently discussed in
the Senate, with the expectation that denunciation ,
of the board, and condemnation of the Secretary
and the President in these cases, may induce some
action by which the old state of things may be
attained. The repeal of the law of the last ses-
sion is urged as an effectual remedy by which a
feneral restoration of all the retired officers may
e effected. I do not think it is possible to do
this by repeal; but, if it were, I have a decided
conviction that we had much better—the interests
of the public, and the success of this arm of de-
fense beingconsidered—disband the corps of naval
officers entirely, and reorganize it, than to adopt
this suggestion. My impression is that the board
have erred more in retaining "hard cases," to
which the Senator from Texas alluded, than in
retiring efficient men.
But if, under the pressure now imposed, this
reform shall be defeated, when or how will it ever
be attained by Congress ? The Navy ought to i
be cherished in the affections of the whole people.
But if these abuses are reinstated and fastened
upon us, the people will demand through the
President of the United States the exercise of his
executive power to invigorate the Navy; and, as j
a necessary consequence, a continued and exten- ;
sive discussion of these abuses will greatly injure
the Navy in public estimation.
We are reminded that a large portion of the
people are indignant at the action of the naval
board; State Legislatures have been induced to
pass resolutions; and, much to my astonishment,
in the bill of indictment preferred by a conven-
tion of the Know Nothing party, recently held in
Philadelphia, the action of the naval board, and
the administration of the law of the last session,
form one of the counts against the President.
Certainly, the party were straitened for princi-
ples of public policy from which to construct a
platform; but it may account for the energy of
some Senators here in condemning the President,
the Secretary of the Navy, and the naval board,
incarrying out this necessary reform in the Navy.
These censures may be relished by those who
take pleasure in the condemnation of the Admin-
istration; but I am confident the large mass of
the people will still believe that the Government
was not established for the peculiar benefit of
office-holders, and will cordially approve the
course of public servants in an honest effort to
make efficient the Navy of the United States.
No great reform in any branch of the public
service can be accomplished without creating dis-
content among those who are personally affected
by it. I regret to see there is so little disposi-
tion to reform many abuses and extravagancies
that are daily growing up, and which need cor-
rection. It requires a high degree of moral
courage to recommend, even much more to accom-
plish reform, in any department of this Govern-
ment, legislative or executive. I wish I could see
more of it manifested. Retrenchment and reform
are at this day generally voted obsolete ideas;
but I think I have reason to congratulate my
State, that one of her sons has with such perti-
nacity pressed, and with such ability sustained,
a radical and beneficial reform in an important
branch of the public service—that Congress, with
great unanimity, has heeded and adopted his
recommendations. The Navy, the pride of the
country, has been elevated in the public affec-
tions by removing an incubus that threatened
annihilation; and, let the clamor of interested par-
ties continue and increase, I believe the people
will approve the act, and cherish the public ser-
vants by whose agency the public interests have
been so essentially promoted.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
SPEECH OF HON. STEPHEN ADAMS,
of mississippi,
In the Senate, April 30,1856.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of the
resolutions submitted by Mr. Iverson, on the 29th of Feb-
ruary, for the appointment of a special committee to investi-
gate the action of the late Naval Board—
Mr. ADAMS said: I propose, Mr. President,
to submit a few remarks on the resolutions under
consideration, and also to make some allusion to
the bill reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs. I do not expect to detain for many
minutes the Presiding Officer and the chairman
of that committee, who are compelled to listen to
everything that is said in opposition to that bill,
though nobody else is compelled to be present.
Some statements have been made in the prog-
ress of the discussion on this subject which I
consider to be erroneous. The first to which 1
beg leave to call attention is that which has
been alluded to by the Senator from North Car-
olina, [Mr. Biggs,] that the bill creating the naval
board was passed by the Senate by an almost
unanimous vote—only two members recording
their names against it. The fact is, that the only
question Connected with that bill on which the
yeas and nays were called was a motion to post-
pone it indefinitely. I think there were but two
in favor of its indefinite postponement. Was
that a testquestion in regard to the bill in the shape
in which it was finally passed? Not at all. It
was only a test so far as to show that there were
two opposed to any bill on the subject. I recol-
lect that I voted against the bill in every shape
and form in whjch it was presented, and yet I
recorded my name against the indefinite post-
ponement. According to my impression, con-
firmatory of what has been stated by the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Batard,] there were fifteen
who opposed, the bill by their votes. My friend
from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] and my
friend from Alabama, [Mr. Clat,] I think, voted
against it. Piftsen Senators opposed its passage.
Although the bill was adopted by a very large
majority, the vote of the Senate was not so unan-
imous as seems to have been supposed by many
Senators who have discussed the subject. I have
no reflection to cast on myself for having voted
in favor of it. I never did vote for it, and I never
could be induced to do so. I think it was a bad
law. I think now that it has been improperly
executed, if, in fact, it has been executed at all.
M v own opinion is that it has never been execu-
ted; and I believe I shall be able to show very
clearly that only one step has been taken toward
its execution, and that was the appointment of
the board.
Sir, in the remarks which I may make on this
subject, I wish it to be distinctly understood that
I do not allude to individual cases. I have no
charges to make against, and no unkind feelings'
towards either the President of the United States,
the Secretary of the Navy, the naval board, or
anybody connected with this transaction. I
speak of the act itself, the manner in which it has
been attempted to be executed, and the principles
involved in it.
• Sir, there are two questions which arise in this
case. The first is: Has the law been executed ?
If not, all the proceedings under it are null and
void, and we should so declare by a proper bill
or resolution. If it has been executed, the next !
question is: Has it been done in such a way as to
commit injustice to any human being? If so, it
is the duty of the Congress of the United States,
(which passed the law,) so far as it may be within :
its legislative power, to remedy that wrong; and
it should be not merely the duty, but the pleasure
of every Senator on this floor to remedy the I
wrong.
Has the law been executed ? I have already
intimated my own opinion that it has not been.
Why ? I shall not stop to quote the language of
the law, because it has been repeated so often as
to be familiar to the Senate. I will only call at-
tention to the words on which I think great stress
should have been placed, both by the Secretary
of the Navy and those who support the action
of the board; but which they seem to have passed
over somewhat lightly. I repeat again, that I
have no unkind feelings towards the Secretary
of the Navy; I have known him for many years,
and I believe that an honester man and a purer
patriot does not live; but he is only a man, he is
liable to err, and I think he has erred very greatly
in this case. Much as I respect him, I feel com-
pelled to differ from him on this subject, and I
shall attempt to point out, as briefly as I can,
wherein his error consists.
The law prescribed that the board, when ap-
pointed by the Secretary, should make " a care-
ful examination " into the efficiency of the officers
of the Navy. What was meant by that lan-
guage? Did not the phrase, when used, have its
legal consequence, meaning, and import? Is it
not to be considered and construed according to
the legal import of the words ? What I under-
stood to be the meaning of " a careful examina-
tion " was, that the board should adopt such a
rule of ascertaining the facts contemplated by the
law as is ordinarily pursued in order to ascertain
facts, and find out the truth. Have they done
that ?
Does the phrase " careful examination" mean
such a one as was had in this case—a one-sided
examination, founded on the suggestions of a few
of the members of the board, and on charges and
imputations made against individuals without an
opportunity of their being heard ? Sir, any man
who supposes that that is a careful examination
was never in a court of justice, or if he was his
eara were closed, and he paid no attention to what
was going on. I say that, so far from adopting
the ordinary mode of ascertaining the truth, the
board pursued a method of proceeding which
was never known to lead to true results except
by accident. I appeal to every Senator here, on
his own experience, whether he would consider
a "careful examination" to be one where you
i heard suggestions from one side without any op-
| portunity of explaining them in the other ? Surely
| not.
: Suppose the members of this board had said:
" It is an unpleasant thing for us to pass on our
i brother officers; but it is necessary that there
i should be a removal or displacement of two hun-
* dred and one of them; and as, according to the
opinion of the Attorney General, we may hold
our consultations and examinations in secret, and
nobody is ever to know on what grounds we
form our opinion, we will draw lots; we will put
the names of the seven hundred officers of the
Navy into a box, and draw lots, and whoever
shall be drawn will be dropped, and his name
will be reported to the President." Suppose they
should report the names thus drawn to the Secre-
tary and the President, and the President should
approve their action, not knowing but that they
had complied with the law, would anybody say
that this was an execution of the law? Would it
have any legal or binding effect? I apprehend
that no one would say any such thing. The
mode adopted is no better calculated to ascertain
the truth, and to arrive at facts, than that which
I have just indicated—drawing lots.
Mr. BUTLER. I think my friend from Mis-
sissippi is mistaken in supposing that the Attor-
ney General gave the sanction of his opinion to
the course which was pursued.
Mr. ADAMS. My allusion to his opinion was
in consequence of what was said by tn^Senator
: from North Carolina. I may have misunderstood
the Senator from North Carolina. #If, however,
the Attorney General gave it as his opinibn, that
it was not necessary to report the evidence upon
which the board acted to the President—which
: I must doubt.—I can only say that it proves that a
i good lawyer may err in the construction of a
statute, as all must who look to the debates on a
question for its meaning, instead of to its lan-
i guage; and it proves, further, that when a great
' man gets wrong he is very wrong.
Suppose a similar law were passed in regard
to the President of the United States and his
Cabinet—not only the present President, but any
of his predecessors, or any other men who have
ever exercised power to the prejudice of what
some suppose to be their rights. If we had the
power to pass a law authorizing a board to
