1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1187
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their
Clerk:
Mr. President: The House of Representatives insist on
their disagreement to certain amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 68) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
pi mtions for the service of the fiscal yeac ending the 30th
J uno, 1856; and on their amendments to other amendments
of the Senate to said bill; they agree to the further confer-
ence asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and have appointed Mr, Pennington,
of New Jersey, Mr.-Cobb, of Georgia, and Mr. Grow, of
Pennsylvania, the committee on their part.
The House of Representatives have passed a joint reso-
lution (J. R. No. 15) lor enlarging the custom-house, post
office, and cou rt-house at Milwaukee, Wisconsin; m which
they request the concurrence of the Senate.
LANDS FOR RAILROADS IN IOWA.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Or? the last day of the
session of the Senate, a bill (H. R. No. 56)
making a grant of land to the State of Iowa in
alternate sections to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads in said State, was passed by the
Senate. On the same evening, after the adjourn-
ment of the Senate, communications were made
to me requesting me to move for a reconsidera-
tion of the vote by which that bill was passed;
which I now do.
I do not intend to enter into this subject further
than to say that the bill was passed both by the 1
House of Representatives and this body with j
great rapidity. According to the communication j
made to me, there are other parties who are im-
mediately and directly interested in the subject,
and whose rights will be eminently injured and
impaired by the passage of that bill, it is rep-
resented by the parties who have communicated
with me, and at whose instance I act in this mat- 1
ter, that there is another railroad in progress of a j
very important character to the State of Iowa, ,
and to the nation generally, by its various con- i
nections with a series of roads, constituting j
the nearest and most direct route from Council j
Bluffs to the city of New York; and that on this
particular road in Iowa—made, as I understand, 1
with the sanction of the Legislature of that State ;
—there have been expended some hundreds of j
thousands of dollars, and that two of the roads ;
which we have authorized run parallel to it, and j
within such a distance that the fifteen miles of '
land on each side granted by this bill will take j
the ground on which their road is made. j
I do not know how the facts are; I merely state i
the representations which have been made to me, j
and on which 1 am induced to make the motion |
for a reconsideration of the bill. I move, with- ]
out further consuming the time of the Senate, to j
reconsider the vote passing the bill. j
Mr. PUGH. I present the memorial and re-
monstrance of Robert C. Schenck, President of !
the Philadelphia, Fort Wayne, and Platte River !
Air-Line Railroad Company, of the State of Iowa, ;
asking for a reconsideration of the bill just re- j
feared to by.the Senator from Kentucky. As it
bears upon the same subject-matter, 1 ask that it
may be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To tke Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States in Congress assembled:
The undersigned memonahst represents to your honor-
able bodies, that lie is President of the Philadelphia, Fort
Wayne, and Platte River Air-Lino Railroad Company, an
incorporated association of the State of Iowa, now engaged
under the authority of that State, in the conjunction of a
railroad from Tool's Landing, on the Mississippi river to
Council Bluffs, on the Missouri river. This road is a con-
tinuation of another railroad, now in process of construc-
tion by the Western Air-Line Railioad Company of the
State of Illinois, across that State; and of another by the
Fort Wayne and Mississippi River Railroad Company of the
State of Indiana, from the city of Fort Wayne to tlfc west-
ern boundary of that State ; the whole forming a continu-
ous line, and one connected enterprise and woik fiom Fort !
Wayne to Council Bluffs, a distance of near mx hundred
miles, located on the nearest and most dnect practicable
loute between these points. These raihoads are also asso-
ciated with other companies and unlioads eastward of Fort
Wayne, in the States of Olnp, Pennsylvania, and New
Jersey, making one great national line, extending from
the Missouri liver to the city of New York, known as
the "American Central Railw ay," making the distance be-
tween those two points, and between the Missouri river and
the city of Philadelphia, shoitpr by at least one hundred
and seventy miles, than anv other established route. The
mutual mteiests and dependence of the sev.eral sections
of tins great chain of roads, tying m the western btatess,
along the middle table land of the country, in as nearly as
possible an air line, are apparent; but no part of this line
has ever received any aid from the General Government
by grants of land or otherwise. The Philadelphia, tort
Wayne, and Platte River Air-Line Raili oad Company, made
application to Congress for aid, by a giant of land to the
State of Iowa, in the years 1853,1854, and 1855; but no bill
for that purpose was passed. In the meantime, without
reference to, or reliance upon, Government aid, the com-
pany has proceeded with such local means and such credit
as could be commanded, with the construction of its work.
Besides a large individual subscription to its capital stock
by citizens ot Iowa, there have also been liberal subscrip-
tions, authorized by the votes of the electors in several of
the counties through which the road passes, payable in the
bonds of those counties, issued for that purpose. Some of
these bonds, to the amount of §>200,00(1, have already been
delivered to the company, and paid out to contractors on
the road in Iowa. Near three liundredthousand dollaishas
been actually expended on that road Forty-two miles of
it are under contract. A large force of men are now, and
have been for some ume, at work under the contractois. A
party of engineers for construction aie constantly employed
on the line. Other contiacts are proposed, and the road is
going forward as fast as means can be commanded, slowly,
but steadily,towaids completion. The company have faith
m their ultimate ability to complete and put m operation,
even without the aid of the Government, this section of the
great line ot roads described; but it has many difficulties to
contend with; and has ovei believed that no work of the
character might appeal with more confidence and good
reason, for help from Congress by grant of pait ot that public
domain which is so enhanced in value by the progress of
the work. The construction of the section of the road lying
in the neighboring State of Illinois is als=o going forward
steadily, one hundred and eighteen miles in that State from
the Mississippi nver and Iowa boundary eastwaid, being
under contract, and a great portion of it already graded and
made ready for the ties and iron. Several large parties of
laboreis are now engaged on the work at different points in
the State. # v
Youi memorialist, representing the interests of this com-
pany in Iowa, as the head ot the corporation, (and being
also Piesident of the above mentioned railroad companies
in Illinois and Indiana,) was led to believe that some ap-
propriation of public lands would be made by Congress at
the present heasion. for the benefit of unpouunt lines of
railroads m the State of Iowa. 1I<> hud reason to expect
that it would be the policy to grant lands to the State, to
be distubuted and applied on such works equitably, with
rofeience to their actual iclativo importance, iiut your
memorialist, and the eompam, would lopectfully repic-
sent that they have been disappointed by the iccent action
of the House of Rt pie&entauveb and the Seuate, having
relation to this subject.
Yesterday a bill was passed m the House of Represent-
atives, presented and substituted lor another hill, without
debate allowed upon it, entitled il A bill makmg a giant of
lands to the State of Iowa m alternate sections to aid m the
constiuction of railroads in said State," and to-day, with-
out printing or reference to a committee, the same bill has
passed through the Senate. This bill, if it should become
a law, must be most mjuiious to, if not utteily destructive
of, the interests ot this company, and of the road and m-
teiest*. associated therewith ; and your memorialist, m their
behalf, is constrained to remonstrate and petition against
the final enactment of the same with its pre&ent provisions,
and to respectfully and most humbly pi ay that the Senate
will be pleased to leeonsider its action thereon, so as to per-
mit it to be further considered, and to amend the same in
such manner as m some way to avoid the injury which will
otherwise be done to the piopeity and prospect? of said nul-
raid company. The bill, as it now stands passed, not only
allows no land, of all proposed to be granted to be applied
to aid m the construction of their road, but provider for
giving the same to buiid among others two lines of railioad,
from Burlington and Davenpoit, on the Mississippi liver, to
the mouth ot the Platte liver and Council Bluffs, on the
Mibsoun livei, across the State of Iowa, parallel wuh. or
converging towaids, the western terminus of the road being
constructed by this company; so that ior half the distance,
or more than fifteen miles hom each of said two loads first
named m the bill, within which space they will be allowed
to select the lands granted, will extend over and upon the
line ot load located and being built bythweompany. They
would be legislated away fiom this company to aid m the
construction of railroads, the very ground, m part,on which
their load is to be laid, and to which they give by their enter-
prise and work, its gieatcst value. It is not necessaiy, it
seems to your memorial lit, to do more than state this simple
and single fact, in order to induce Congress ^oto arrest and
modily its action as to avoid this great public and private
wrong. He feels confident that it, by uuv hasty pioeeed-
ing, such an injury to a large amount of propei ty aheady
invested, is likely to be inflicted, he may lcly on the justice
ot your honorable bodies to prevent ltw hen brought to your
attention.
Yout memorialist will add that, before the bill in ques-
tion passed the House of Representatives, an attempt was
made, as appears by the Journal, and by unanimous in-
struction, as he is informed, of the Committee on Public
Lands, of that body, so to modify and amend it, as m some
degree to protect and piovidc for the interests of this
company. But the previous question on the passage of the
bill being ordered, such amendment could only be made by
unanimous consent ot the House, which was not obtained.
Your memorialist had leason to expect that tin* modifica-
tion, or some other amendment, winch would protect and
provide for the just lights and claims of the lailroad of tins
company, would be made in the Senate, before the bill
should pass that branch ; and he accordingly, by understand j
ing and appointment with several members of the Commit- |
tec on Public Lands of the Senate, was to-day engaged at (
Ins lodgings m this city, preparing to appear beloie that ,
committee at their meeting on next Thui^day, that he ,
might then submit for their consideration full proof and
showing of the facts which he has herein briefly set forth.
This evening, however, he has been surpnsed to hear that,
instead of Ins having that expected and pionnsed opportu-
nity for exhibiting the injury and wrong winch would be
done to other interest? and citizens of Towa by the enact-
ment of the law m the shape proposed, the bill was actually
passed, without the usual reference to the Land Committee,
or any other committee of the Senate.
Under all these circumstances, considering the fatal
injury that otherwise may be done directly to the interests of
a portion of the people of Iowa, and to a great work of truly
national character; that their petitions for aid to fliis work
have been most numerously presented for three years past,
manifesting their deep interest in the same; that no addi-
tional quantity of land is asked, beyond what is granted by
the bill j but that the prayer of the company is for investi-
gation and consideration that actual wrong Wy be pre-"
vented, and an equitable and rightful course pursued in the
appropriaiion of the public land; your memorialist in their
behalf submits the subject, relying on the justice and liber-
ality which they have a right to expect m answer to this
their remonstrance and prayer.
ROBERT C. SCHENCK,
President of the Philadelphia^ Fort Wayne, and Pkjfe
River Jlir-Line Railroad Company,
Washington, May 9,1856.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky to recon-
sider the vote passing the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I cannot allow the
question to be put without resisting the motion*
I think it will be acknowledged by every Senator
present, and by everybody who heard the debate
on Friday, that the bill was fairly passed—that
there was no trick resorted to by me, or by any
friend of the bill here, or in the House, or else-
where, to procure its passage. I have acted hon-
orably in the matter; my colleagues have acted
honorably in the matter; and the Committee on
Public Lands of the House of Representatives
have acted honorably in the matter. That com-
mittee heard Mr. Schenck; they considered his
proposition; and thejr rejected it unanimously.
There was not, I believe, a single vote in the
Committee on PublicLands of the House of Rep-
resentatives in favor of ingrafting upon the bill
an amendment such as he desired, making a grant
of land for a fifth road, starting from the Missis-
sippi river to go towards the Missouri river, par-
allel with the four roads now contemplated to be
constructed through that* State. When the bill
was under consideration in the House of Repre-
sentatives, Mr. Schcnck went to the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands of that House,
[Mr. Bennett, of New York,] to the member
from Iowa, my colleague, [Mr. Tiiorington,]
and, I believe, also to Mr. Hall, of Iowa, ana
implored them to allow, by unanimous consent,
an amendment to be made to insert the proposi-
tion which lie desired to have ingrafted on the
bill, granting alternate sections of land for the
road from Toolsboro', on the Mississippi river,
to the Missouri river,parallel with the roads from
Davenport and Burlington to the Missouri river,
which are but eighty miles apart. They told
him that they could not get such a proposition
through the House if they did assent to it, and
they resisted it to the extent of their power. He
persisted; and they at last said to him: "If you,
who have killed the bills for these roads on two
or three occasions, at previous sessions, through
the influence of your friends from Ohio and Indi-
ana, and elsewhere, will now waive all objections,
and come and assist us, we will make no objec-
tion." He said that he would do it; that he
would bring in his friends—sol am told by them
—to sustain the bill; but in a short time after he
went back and said: 14 I have reconsidered this
matter; I will not agree to assist your bill; I will
do all I can to have the bill killed; if I can get
my friends to vote against it I will do so." And
ho did do so; he did got his friends to vote against
it. It passed the House of Representativesfairly;
and it came here. When the proposition was
made by the Senator from Vermont to refer the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands, 1 said dis-
tinctly that the object was to ingraft another grant
of land upon the bill. I said that I would be
glad to have a grant of all the public lands in my
State, to aid her in the construction of railroads,
but that my Legislature had never asked for this
grant; the people of Iowa had never asked for it;
and I, as one of the representatives of the people
and the State of Iowa, would not ask for it. If
Congress were disposed to say to me that they
would make another grant, I would not agree
that it should be for a road on the line of this one,
because there are paramount interests in my
State, there being two other roads which have
greater age and greater influence in the State than
the road of which Mr. Schenck is president, as I
have been informed within a few days.
I do not believe the statements which he
made here, that hundreds of thousands of dollars
have been expended on this road. I h&ve eight
or ten constituents in this city, and I have con-
