2062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
myself with the prospects of commerce with
those countries as to be able to pronounce an
opinion on it; but I think the Senate can never
suffer anything by extending liberal pay and
compensation to our intrepid mariners on such
expeditions as these.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the debate on this
question shows that it ought to have been brought
up as a separate measure, and not on an appropri-
ation bill. If we are to go into this system of be-
stowing extraordinary rewards on persons who
have served in exploring expeditions, we ought
to put it on some principle; we ought so to act as
to define what expeditions are to attract extraor-
dinary rewards hereafter—whelher it is every
expedition thai goes out to survey seas or make
charts or soundings, or only those that undergo
extraordinary peril. So far as these expeditions
are concerned, I believe they will turn out to be
highly honorable to American enterprise. I be-
lieve they were conducted by accomplished men.
I know something about Captain Page and I
have seen something of Commodore Rodgers. I
believe both of them arc men who will add to the
sum of knowledge on these subjects, and will
probably illustrate the American name. But I
am unwilling to undertake to put such a system as
this on an appropriation bill. We cannot now
limit it as it ought to be limited. We cannot say
now where the line is to be drawn between those
surveying expeditions which are exploring expe-
ditions of extraordinary difficulty, and those
which are to be ranked with the ordinary service
of the Navy. Some of them subject those who
engage in them to no more hazard, no more hard-
ship, than the ordinary service, while there may
be others which do subject them to extraordinary
perils. I say we cannot undertake, with the time
left us on this bill, to discriminate. We find that
amendments are to be offered to include the offi-
cers of every expedition which can by any sort
of construction, forced or not, be brought within
the definition of an exploring expedition. We
shall have on it Perry's expedition, and Dr.
Kane's expedition,and Ido not know howmany
other surveying expeditions undertaken by offi-
cers of the Navy. Many of them, as 1 said be-
fore, subject the persons engaged in them to no
more hazards or difficulties than ordinary service
in the Navy. In some of them the aervicc ia per-
formed in the ordinary routine of the Navy, and
I wish the rhnirnnm of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, who knows the urgency and importance
of passing this bill, will cor.xent to bring in this
measure as a separate bill. It is suggested by
the Senator from California, that this survicn is
always sought by officers. They are anxious to
obtain it; they like it. 1 think if we are going to
give them extia rewards, we ought to do it on
some principle.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment now before
the Senate, on winch my friend from Alabama
refuses to take a separate vote, is to include Com-
modore Perry's expedition. 1 will ask the hon-
orable Senator from Alabama, if he has made
any estimate of what we shall have to pay under
his amendment, if adopted.
Mr. CLAY. I have not made any estimate,
and 1 do not think that ought to be the subject of
consideration. If you arc prepared to pay the
officers of every other expedition, I do not see
why these should be excluded.
Mr; MALLORY. I will tell my friend very
§>^briefly, so far as my knowledge extends, and I
have taken some little pains to make it accurate
on (lis subject; Commodore Perry made no charts,
made no surveys, departed in no respect from his
mission as Minister to Japan, exccpt to sound
the heads of his ships going up to the Bay of
Jeddo for his own safety, and, 1 believe, made a
chart of Simoda and Hakodadi—the two ports
which, under the treaty, we have a right to use.
The expedition of Rogers has surveyed extern- i
sively those very seas. 1 will not go into the
labor performed by the La Plata and Behring's
straits expeditions. The amount of money they
win receive under this amendment is, the Behr- |
ing s straits expedition $57,000, and the La Plata j
expedition $28,000, making $65,000 for both to- :
gether—officers and crew. The Senator from Ala-
bama proposes to annex to that an amendment to
include the officers who were with Commodore
Perry. Thatwouldgivethem$l,798,214. He pro-
poses to add to this little appropriation of §85*000
for these vessels, §1,798,214—andforwhat? Have
I not shown that the duties they performed were
'entirely different? Certainly they do not stand
on the same ground. It is not for extraordinary
perils incurred, which the officers cheerfully em-
brace. It is not for performing extra duty, as I
have shown. These men, however, were called
on to perform a duty never contemplated, and to
incur very heavy extraordinary expenses which
they are not able to meet, and which Perry's offi-
cers and men did not incur. The matter was
before the committee, and we have taken pains to
investigate and find out how much these nine ves-
sels will receive by this amendment, including the
marines on board, and it will be $1,798,214. Add
that to our little appropriation of $85,000, and
what becomes of it ?
Mr. CLAY. The Senator's exposition only
shows, at best, the folly of this mode of compen-
sating officers. He has not stated to my satisfac-
tion any reason why the officers of the Japan
expedition should be excluded from this extra
pay. The book of Commodore Perry, which we
have published, represents that they were engaged
in surveys and explorations during all the time.
"We all know they were exposed somewhat to
injuries from foreign enemies, and to diseases
during their longstay in the Japanese seas, more
than the men engaged in the exploration of the
La Plata, and 1 cannot see why we should make
fish of some and flesh of others. I want to pay
all alike, or none any. The Senate and the other
branch of Congress thought the services of Com-
modore Perry worth $20,000 in money, and
$40,000 in books. If his services were worth
that amount, why, I ask, should we not pay his
officers and men ? I do not see why we should
appropriate to him all the money and all the honor
of that expedition without including the officers
engaged with him, cooperating for the sameend-
I trust my amendment will prevail.
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment to the amendment, and they were
ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays
3G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. flrodhead, Clay,Geyer, Hale,Piatt, and
Toombs—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam*, Allen, Bayard, Bell of New
Hampshire, Be)] of Tennessee, Biggs Busier, Brown, But-
lef, Ca^s, Collamer, Chittenden, Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden,
Fish, Footer, llarlan, Houston, Hunter, (verson, Jones of
Iowa, Malloiy, Mason, Peaiee, Ilex], Sebastian, Sewanl,
Slidell. Stuau, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade,
Weller, Wright, and Yulee—36.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Committee on Naval Affairs offered by Mr. Mal-
lory.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted as
follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Bell of Tennessee, Bigler, Collamer,
Fish, Fosfet, Malloiy, Seward, Thomson of New Jersey,
Wade, and Wright—10.
NAYH—Mes.sr*. Adam?, Allen, Bayard, Bell of New
Hampshire, Benjamin, Btggs, Bright, Biodhead, Brown,
Butler, Clay, Ciittenderi, Dodge, Fessenden, Ge\ei\ Hale,
Hatlan, Houston, Hunter, Iveison, Jones or Iowa, Mason,
Peatce, Piatt, Reid, Sebastian, Stuart, Toombg, Tiuinbull,
Wellet, and Yulee—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY, The next amendment of
the Committee on Naval Affairs is, after the ap-
propriation for naval contingencies, to insert:
To unable tin' Secretary of the Navy to publish the charts
and report of the exploiattons of the La Plata uver, and all
the ehaits and repoitsof the suiveysot the Behung's straits
expedition, >SG,286.
This is in accordance with the estimate which
1 hold in my hand from the Secretary of the Navy
to enable him to publish these charts.
Mr HALE. I would ask the chairman of the
committee whether this sum will cover the whole
expense of the work, or whether it is only the
beginning ?
Mr. MALLORY. T have here the estimate,
which seems to contemplate every item. It is
the sum mentioned in the amendment.
Mr. HALE. Does it cover all of it ?
Mr. MALLORY. It covers the report of the
surveys and ch/xrts.
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment is right.
These are the fruits of the expedition. The charts
ought to be published.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment of the
committee is, to insert after the amendment just
adopted—
That each purser attached to a sloop of war, or other
vessel smallei than afiigate.shall be authorized to appoint a
clerk, in lieu of the steward heretofoie allowed, subject to
the approval of the commanding officer of such vessel.
Such clerk shall have the puvtieges allowed to the clerk of
the commanding officer, and his compensation shall be the
same as that allowed now by law to midshipmen.
This is a very small matter. It is an additional
expense of $40 per year to procure a purser's
clerk instead of a purser's steward. By doing
so, and allowing him to live in the steerage with
the midshipmen, we can obtain a man of educa-
tion and talents to go, instead of a steward, who
is taken from the crew. It is recommended by
the Secretary of the Navy, and the purser's
bureau.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I have one more amend-
ment, to come in after the appropriation for the
San Francisco navy-yard:
For constructing powder magazine at San Francisco,
$119,302 11.
This is in accordance with an estimate of the
Navy Department. At San Francisco there is
now no deposit of powder for the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Committee on Fi-
nance have instructed me to offer an amendment,
in pursuance of estimates heretofore made, to
come in after the appropriation for contingencies
of the Navy;
jJnd provided further, That the compensation to the
clerk of tho commandant at Philadelphia <hall be the same
as those at Boston and Norfolk, winch shall be paid foi the
last and piesent fiscal year as estimated arid appropriated.
I have here the letter of the Department recom-
mending this proposition.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That in lieu of the compensa-
tion now paid to the Navy agent at San Francisco, Califor-
nia, that officer shall hereafter receive the yearly compen-
sation of $>6,000 ; and that the compensation of the naval
officer at that port shall hereafter be ($6,000, in lieu of the
compensation now paid to this officer.
I desire to state that this will not increase the
expenses of the Government. My object is to
equalize the compensation of these officers. Some-
how, I know not in what way, the salary of the
naval officer is fixed by law at $8,000. In my
judgment that is too much. The salary of the
navy agent is fixed by law at $4,000. So that
this proposition is to take from the one and give
to the other, and make each of them $6,000.
Mr. MALLORY. There is no sort of simi-
larity between the duty performed by the two.
The duties of a naval officer of the customs call
on him to be at his office every day from nine to
four. I suppose the navy agent has very little
to do in comparison, and I presume that was the
cause of the discrepancy in the salaries.
Mr. WELLER. The navy agent is constantly
employed. I~Ie is a purser at the navy-yard at
San Francisco, on Mare Island.
Mr. MALLORY. If he is a purser ■
Mr. WELLER. He is not a purser in the
Navy; hut he performs the duty. I have here a
letter of the Secretary of the Navy, in which he
says:
" T find that the pay ofthe navyagentismnchlovverthan
that given to other public officers at San Francisco, whose
duties ate neither more arduous noi responsible. The
naval officer of the customs i& allowed $8,000. The navy
agent, howevei, who discharges the duties of both navv
agent and puiser, thtough whose hand5! all the public money
touching naval mattois passes, is allowed a salary of only
$4,000. Undei thesecncumstances, my opinion is,a salary
of $6,000 would be a reasonable compensation to the navy
agent at San Francisco."
This has no reference to the naval officer; but,
believing myself $6,000 enough for the naval offi-
cer, I have moved to reduce that, so as to make
it, as I conceive, uniform, and a fair rate of com-
pensation.
Mr. PEARCE. The naval officer to whom the
Senator from California alludes is an officer of the
customs. I do not see why wo should, in this
bill, undertake to reduce the salary of officers of
the customs; nor do I see what propriety there
can be in a comparison between the salary of an
officer of the customs and a person employed iu
the Navy Department. 1 think we are in danger
of confounding in this bill matters which ought
to be kept separate.
