1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1189
of the Legislature of Iowa authorizing any per-
sons to associate together for such undertakings
under the authority of law. They have united
for that purpose, and are making a railroad now.
There seems to be a misunderstanding, which
[ very much regret, between my friend, Mr.
Schenck, whose petition has been presented, and
my friend the Senator from Iowa. I do not rec-
ollect precisely what the statement of the remon-
strance or petition is, but I understood, and I so
stated, that several hundred thousand dollars had
been laid out already on this road.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I do not believe one
word of it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The gentleman ex-
presses 1ns disbelief of the fact as he did before.
The gentlemen may both be right.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It may be so. I do
not know that the fact is not so, but I do not be-
Iieve it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator may be
right in saying that little or no work has been
done; yet Mr. Schenck may bo right in his state-
ment; for, although the money may not have been
actually expended, contracts have been made and
money paid over to the contractors. The money
has been expended on a contract for making that
road, though the work on that road is not yet
done. That, I presume, is the only way in which
to reconcile the gentlemen's conflicting state-
ments. The contracts have been made for this
road to such an extent, that more than $200,000,
to say the least, have been paid, as I understand.
That money has gone from the hands of the pro-
prietors, and is in the hands of the contractors;
the bargain is made, and their money is gone.
This will substantially verify the statement which
is made, that §200,000 have been laid out, though
the work for the §200,000 may only in part, or
may not at all, be executed.
This certainly creates an interest on the part
of this company. Ought we to grant the very
right of way of their road, and put it in the hands
of rival companies ? Ought we not, at least, if
there be no land to grant, or if we are unwilling
to grant any land to them, to secure them a right
of way? It seems to me very just, certainly, that
this should be done at least.
I do not know all the circumstances of the ease,
go as to be able to decide on the comparative
merits or relative claims of these several and
respective roads. I desire only that justice shall be
done; and to that end I propose that the Senate
reconsider their vote passing the bill. If they find
that justice has been done, the bill will be passed
again. This is the whole result. The Senate will
only consider the matter over again. I think,
therefore, seeing that the statements of gentlemen
on all sides can be so readily reconciled, that my
friend, when he gets a little over the deep anxiety
which he naturally feels about this bill, will think
that the expressions which he has used on this
occasion are rather harsher than the circum-
stances of the case required, and will be.disposed
to retract them. I know his generous feelings,
and that no one would be more ready to retract
an unintentional offense than himself, or to make
a magnanimous allowance, particularly to one not
standing on an equality here, and not competent
to answer for himself on this floor. I am sure
that, when he reflects on this matter, he will regret
that he has, m a moment of excitement, permitted
himself to use language so harsh towards another
gentleman. 1 think ins generosity and his mag-
nanimity of character altord the assurance that
this will take place.
Very little work may be done on this road—
btft some may be done. The Senator has been
from home five or six months. He has not seen
the work. He may be assured, as I feel myself
assured from the statement made to me, that the
money has been actually paid over into the hands
of the contractors, and if they have not done the
work, and are not at work, they are in default. I
am sure he will not feel himself authorized to con-
tradict this; but I do not know what his inform-
ation is on the subject. This may be true, and,
therefore, the statement does not, it seems to me
—and I think he will so regard it—justify the
hard and harsh epithets which he has applied.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I would be the last
mail to injure the feelings of anybody. I said so
when I uttfered the remarks to which allusion
is made. My distinguished friend from Ken-
tucky will recollect that the charge was first
made upon me by Mr. Schenck, from Ohio. That
gentleman went to the Senator from Kentucky,
and told him that I had violated my pledge to
him. Did not you tell me, my dear friend, yes-
terday, [addressing Mr. Crittenden,] that the
reason why you intended to make the motion
was because Mr. Schenck said I had promised
to put that amendment in the bill, and I was
guilty, therefore, of violating my pledge to him?
That is the reason why I feel some excitement
on this subject. Sir, I have never violated my
pledge to any man willfully and knowingly, and
I never will do it. That is the reason why I said
what 1 did.
I stated a few moments ago that I had con-
sulted with my constituents and friends who are
i in this city from Iowa, and that no one of them
| knew of any work being done, or any contract
I made for work to be done, on this road, and that
j I had never heard of it until this morning, and
did not believe it. Had I not a right to doubt it'
Friends who have come lately from Iowa saw no
work there. One gentleman, whom I see in the
gallery behind me—as anxious as any man in the
world fora road of his own—hasjust come from
Burlington, and he tells me that he does notknow
and never heard of any work being done on this
road. My colleague [Mr. Haklan] has just
come to me, and says that he has heard that there
has been some work done on this road, but he
says, at the same time, that they are working
much more extensively and rapidly on the Mus-
catine road, which lies between this road of
Mr. Schenck's and the Davenport road. What
will the city of Muscatine, with a population of
ten or twelve thousand say, if they are cutout of
a grant of land, andToomsboro' that has not one
thousand—I believe there are not ten houses in
it—get one? There is another road—this Mus-
catine road—which is being worked upon. The
Burlington road has been worked upon for the
last two or three years. It is graded for forty-
two miles, and the cars are now running a distance
of ten miles, so I am now informed, on this road.
There is no road, my colleague from the
House tells me—and I knew it myself, but did
not think of it before—in the State of Illinois,
that runs to Toolsboro', the starting point of
Mr. Schenck's air line. There is a railroad from
Chicago to Davenport, and one from Chicago to
Eurlmgton, below it; but you now are to help to
make a road to Toolsboro'—opposite to no p]ac,e
and to nobody. The Representatives from Illi-
nois themselves do not ask for it; but they
would take it, if offered, of course. They will
take all the lands in Illinois if you will give them
to them, to make a railroad in any other part
! of the State.
]'• Mr. CRITTENDEN. I had some conversa-
j tion with Mr. Schenck about this matter. I saw
|I my friend, the Senator from Iowa, very soon after
j' I had seen Mr. Schenck. I had a conversation
I with him, and I did tell him that Mr. Schenck in-
! formed me.—as I understood the conversation; I
1 did not pretend to detail it, but gave the substance
, 0f it—not only that great injustice had been done
1 to his railroad by granting away the very land
i on which it was to go, but that Mr. Schenck was
ii under the impression that some arrangement had
! j been made between him and the friends of this bill
I; (perhaps including the Senator here) by which,
!j according to his understanding, it was to undergo
! in this House such modifications as would recon-
cile their interests—some modification such as he
! would be satisfied with, or such as had been
i agreed upon. I assured him that, if the Senator
from Iowa had made any such agreement, it was
' through mere forgetfulness and inadvertence that
j! lie failed to carry it out in (his body; and that, if
[i he admitted any such arrangement to have been
| made, I had no doubt it would have been accom-
; plished in the bill, if be had not forgotten it. I
think so still.
j\[ow the gentleman finds that there lias been
some v/ork done on the road, and he does not
know but that the statement, which 1 verily be-
lieve is true, that more than §200,000has actually
been paid to contractors, is entirely correct.
'■ Some work has been done—to what extent ac-
tually done I will not undertake to say, but to no
very inconsiderable extent. All this may have
very well happened without his knowledge. I
hope, then, that he will not persist in the exciting
remarks of a personal character which he has
been tempted to make, no doubt in perfect good
faith, believing them to be justified. I think there
is no cause for them. The remonstrance on the
table is a very respectful one, I think there is
no cause for personal feeling or personal abuse;
there is no language of offense in it, and I think,
therefore, that my friend, with his customary
generosity and magnaninmity, will not persist in
such language.
Mr. STUART. The hour has arrived when,
by a previous order of Jjie Senate, my colleague
was to have the floor on another question.
think this subject should be disposed of, anSP
hope the Senate will at once proceed to vote on
the motion to reconsider. If the Senate are willing
to proceed to a vote, I shall not object to their
doing so.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am appealed to by a
dear friend by my side, [Mr. Pugii,] and ad-
monished that I have said too much against Mr.
Schenck—that I have impugned his voracity. I
told him that I should never have uttered a word
about it, but that my friend from Kentucky, who
represented him, gave me to understand that he
said I had broken my pledge to him. That is
the reason why I said what I did in relation to
him. I did not ijelieve there was any work done on
that road. I now believe it, because my colleague
tells me so, and because I understand the Chaplain
of the Senate says he has seen work done there.
The Senator from Kentucky believes it, because
Mr. Schenck has told him that they have paid
out §200,000. For what ? Is it for work on the
road? They may have sent§200,000 to London
to buy iron. If so, that iron will not be lost.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. They paid it into the
hands of the contractors for work.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. For work done? I
never heard of it before.
Mr. STUART. I ask whether Senators are
willing that the vote may be taken ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Iam.
Mr. STUART. If gentlemen are willing that
the question should be taken I shall not call for
the special order.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that this is a privileged question, and
takes precedence of other business.
Mr. STUART. Undoubtedly.
Messrs. JONES, of Tennessee, PUGH, and
WADE addressed the Chair.
Mr. STUART. I am entitled to the floor, and,
unless gentlemen will agree that the vote be taken
on the motion to reconsider, I shall move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall not agree
to it until 1 make an explanation on this subject.
Mr. STUART. Then I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. PUGH.- I hope that I shall be allowed
to say a word.
The PRESIDENT. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. PUGH. I am willing that the question
shall go over, if it be neccssary, but it certainly
would be considered very inappropriate for me
to remain silent after having presented the peti-
tion of Mr. Schenck 
The PRESIDENT. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. FOOT. I trust that I may be allowed to
interpose so far as to make a word of inquiry
. of the honorable Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass.] who is entitled to the floor at this hour
by previous arrangement, on a special order,
whether, afterhe shall have concluded his remarks,
there may not be sufficient time to take up this
question again to-day, and dispose of it? Itia
very manifest that if the discussion is to continue,
several explanations will be made. The Senator
from Tennessee has one to make, and I have one
to make myself.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stuart] insists on his motion, the
question is on laying on the table the motion of
the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. What will be the cffect
of that motion? Can a motion afterwards be
made to reconsider?
The PRESIDENT. It will bo in order at any
! time to move to take the motion from the table.
} The question now is on the motion to lay on the
i table.
