1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
463
come from ? by whose authority was it issued ? i
how is it here? and of what force and effect is it
after it is here?
Mr. STEPHENS. Will (he gentleman allow
me to say this: I heard a friend from Illinois
once oji this floor speak of a reply made by a
brother lawyer over there to another who had
brought forward a decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States, delivered by Judge Marshall
The lawyer rose and said: " Why, this is but
a book; and who is Judge Marshall himself but
a man; and a Federalist at that?" The gentle-
man to whom ho made this reply had only read
fiom a book; but that book contained the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court of the United States,
and was a book which every court in the country
is bound to recognize; and so this book from
which [ have been reading is the record of the
public acts of a legislative body.
Mr. HICKMAN. There is nothing at all in
the position assumed by my honorable friend
from Georgia, for in no court 111 Christendom
would that book be evidence. As little avail as
it may be of m a court of law, it is, if possible,
of still less avail here. Why, sir, are we to be told
here solemnly by gentlemen holding responsible
positions, that a book, be it issued by whom it
may, let it contain what it may, is to prove the
existence of a legislative body, and not merely
that, but the existence of such a body legally con-
stituted? Is not that arguing from conclusions
to promises? Why, sir, of course, if you admit
thattheie is a legal Legislature in Kansas, and you
then admit that this is the journal of that Legis-
lative, then you have some proof on which to
rely. Then, of eouise,\W! would be bound to
recognize it. But, sir, having failed to establish
the main fact, that there is such a Legislature,
you necessarily fail to establish the secondary
fact that it ever issued a journal or kept one.
Now, sir, I grant you that we arc bound to
keep an eye to the organic law; but because we
acknowledge the existence of an organic law, do
we necessarily admit that everything required
by the provisions of that organic law has been
performed5 And because that organic law looks
to the establishment of a Legislature in Kansas
and the passage of statutes, are we bound to con-
cede, by reason of that organic law, that such a
body of men has been regularly created there,
and that such enactments have been made? If
we are not, then I assume, Mr. Speaker, that the
argument of my honorable friend from Georgia
goes for nothing.
Mr. PHELPS. May I propound an interro-
gation to the gentleman?
Mr. HICKMAN. I prefer not to be inter-
rupted at this stage of the discussion.
Mr. PHELPS. I desired to inquire of the
gentleman wheiher lie is not aware that the Le-
gislature of Kansas was recognized by Governor
Reeder, and whether he has not been so informed
by Governor Rcedcr himself?
Mr. HICKMAN. If I have time before I con-
clude, I will come to that point.
Now, sir, in conducting the argument this
morning in opposition to the resolution, it has
been assumed as a fact, that there is a statute law
in Kansas. That, sir, is begging the whole ques-
tion. It is as regards the very existence of such
a law that we presume to inquire. Is there such
a law? Can the gentleman from Georgia answer
me that question affirmatively ?
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, I can, directly.
Mr. HICKMAN. Very well, sir; f would like
to have the answer.
Mi. STEPHENS, (presenting the published
acts of the Kansas Legislature.) Heie it is.
Mr. IIICKMAN. 1 am referred, sir, to a book.
Why, Mr. Speaker, are gentlemen really serious ?
Mi. STEPHENS. Yes.
Mr. HICKMAN. Will they, by referring me
to a book, attempt to convince me and this large
body of intelligent gentlemen that a Legislature
exis'ts in Kansas, legally constituted, having the
power to pass binding laws, by exhibiting this
book? Such a book cannot be evidence better in
its character than that made by a party—it is
their own manufacture. By such evidence a band
of counterfeiters or conspirators might show they
were a body corporate in law—a bank; for they
could, with as much ease and propriety, print a
book to establish their legal existence, as issue
their spurious notes.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I would like to know—
for I am very much interested in the argument of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania—how-"he would
satisfy himself of the validity of the law of any
foreign country?
Mr. HICKMAN. I cannot yield the floor
further.
Mr. MARSHALL. I merely desire to ask
this question, how is any such law to be provided ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I do not yield the floor.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to say a word in reply to the question
he has propounded to me.
Mr. HICKMAN. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS. When I showed the gen-
tleman this book, he asked me for the law show-
ing the legality of this Kansas election. I show
him this book containing the law. Now, sir, if
he asks me where is the authority for passing it,
I turn him over to this book, [pointing to the
United States laws;] and I show him again an-
other book, published by another legal authority
—the legal authority of Kansas—an authority
admitted by Governor Reedcr to be the Legisla-
ture of Kansas. I then show him, in this second
book, in the admission of this memorialist, that
it was a valid Legislature. Now my allegation
is, that he at least is estopped until he denies this
message that I show him. I say that this me-
moralist here is estopped, and estopped by that
book.
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman from Geor-
gia has shown me a book, and in it what pro-
fesses to be a law, but can the gentleman show
me any authority to enact such a law? Can he
swear what purports to be a law was passed by
any legally-constituted Legislature? He shows
me a book without a name, without a title-page,
and without the least mark of authentication, or
the least evidence that it proceeds from the Ter-
ritory of Kansas. Why, sir, is not this an argu-
ment progressing backward? Do we not start
first with a book which professes to have in it
certain enactments; and then, to prove that that
book contains legal enactments, does not the gen-
tleman refer me to another book that professes to
be a journal, and issued by the same body; and
having shown rac the journal, the conclusion is to
be drawn, that such journal proves the existence
of a legally-elected Legislature, and that they gave
birth to the other book containing their laws ? In
short, these two books, produced and exhibited
by the honorable gentleman from Georgia, are to
prove for him a legal Legislature; thus, the journal
must show there was a Legislature, and having
thus established its being, the published acts are
to prove the legality of that existence. Is this the
mode wc are to adopt to satisfy ourselves and the
country that the Kansas Legislature was a valid
Legislature3 Now, sir, this is not argument—1
submit it to the House that it is not deserving of
the name of argument. The question, whether
there is or is not a statute law in Kansas, de-
pends upon the fact about which this committee
seeks to inquire. They desire toascertain whether
the Legislature in Kansas was legally constituted
under th$ act organizing the Territory, without
reference to what Governor Reeder did or did not
do.
But, sir, how can we ascertain the fact without
first obtaining festimony bearing upon the point?
And it is to obtain this testimony that the Com-
mittee of Elections propose to "send for persons
and papers.
Now, sir, Governor Reeder decided, it is said,
that the Kansas Legislature was a legal body;
and if there is anything in the argument it must
go to this extent, that Governoi Reeder has legal-
ized that which was illegal in itself; because,
Governor Reeder, having issued certificates to
certain persons in Kansas, and having delivered
a message before that body of men claiming to be
a Legislature, he has made it a legal Legislature.
Sir, I deny the conclusiveness of the aigument.
If that Legislature was not properly constituted,
no act of Governor Reeder could make it a legal
body.
Again, it is said, that he himself is estopped,
and that the people of the Territory are estopped
by his act. In other words, because ho has re-
cognized it as a legal body, the people of the Terri-
tory have no right to say it is not a legal body.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 hope the gentleman did
not understand me as taking any such position
as that. I took no such position. On the con-
trary, I expressly said, that if the people of the
Territory raised the question, they would not be
estopped by what Mr. Reeder had done.
Mr. HICKMAN. Was the Legislature of
Kansas a legal body ?
Mr. WALKER. Certainly it was.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have no hesitation in
telling the gentleman that I think it was.
Mr. HtpKMAN. No; but, as an independent
fact standing bv itsflf, was it a legal body >
Mr. STEPHENS. The Legislature which
passed this law ?
Mr. HICKMAN. Yes.
Mr. STEPHENS. I have not the slightest
hesitation in telling the gentleman that, so far as
I have seen and heard, I believe it was perfectly
legal.
Mr.HICKMAN. Oh, but, withoutanymental
reservation or equivocation, was it a legal body ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I was not aware that I
made any mental reservation. I say that I con-
sider it a legal body—a perfectly legal body.
Mr. HICKMAN. Then I wish to know from
what source the gentleman receives the evidence
upon which he is willing to state that it was a
legal body ?
Mr. STEPHENS. I state to the gentleman
that the organic law under which it assembled
gave it power to determine upon the returns and
election of its members, all of which were ad-
judicated, and all of which are in the report before
me. Mr. Reeder himself, who was Governor of
the Territory, assumed the power to determine
upon the election of its members, and certified to
the fact that a majority of both branches of the
body had been legally returned. Therefore, as a
judicial fact, as I salt! this morning, unless gen-
tlemen throw some additional light on the subject,
it seems to mo clear that the Legislature was
legal.
Mr. HICKMAN. And that, too, in the face
of what we have all heard, that after Governor
Reeder had issued those certificates to the mem-
bers of that Legislature, the Legislature, without
any authority m the organic law for that purpose,
chose to turn out a number of its members, and
yet still it was a legal body ! Now, sir, that is
asserted; whether it be true or not it is not for me
at present to decide.
But I wish to say a word upon the other point
as to the acts of Governor Reeder estopping* the
people of this Territory from inquiring into the
legality of the election of General Whitfield and
the legality of the Legislature itself. I have never
understood that in acourt of law any were estopped
except parties to the record and privies. The
people of Kansas were certainly not parties to
the acts of Governor Ilecder; and how, I inquire,
can they be held privies to the acts of an officer
appointed over them, nnd upon whose will they
could impose no check?
Mr. STEPHENS. I say to the gentleman that
I have not maintained any such position. On the
contrary, I have said again and again that, if the
people of the Territory should file a memorial
here, they would be listened to; but all we have
here is the memorial of A. H. Reeder.
Mr. HICKMAN. Is itnccessary, in order for
the people of the Territory to be heard, that they
should present themselves here bodily? Has such
a thing ever been heard of in this House?
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not know but what
the gentleman 'will require it. After a while
nothing but the evidence of his senses will satisfy
him as to any fact.
Mr. HICKMAN. How have they appeared here
in similar cases heretofore ? By some person rep-
resenting them. And does not Governor Reeder
present himself here, in his memorial, as a repre-
sentative, and in behalf of the people of Kansas ?
He is claiming a seat here in behalf of the people
of Kansas, and those people are here now, in con-
templation of law, contesting the seat occupied by
General Whitfield.
Mr. GREENWOOD. By what authority and
upon what ground does Governor Reedcr claim.
General Whitfield's seat.
Mr. HICKMAN. I cannot yield the floor
to the gentleman from Arkansas. To proceed.
Because Mr. Reeder has been Governor of tho
Territory, and the candidate of the people for
Delegate to this House, is that any reason why
they should be estopped from this inquiry? Is
