i064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12.
condition of the contract made by Mr. Stevens.
All that is asked now is, that $87,00.0, the remain-
ing sum of the contract made between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and Mr. Stevens,
shall be appropriated; but that money will not be
paid by the Secretary of the Navy until he is
satisfied with the completion of the work, and
the vessel is turned over to the Government of
the United States, after having been subjected to
some severe trials to test whether she is shot and
shell proof, and whether she will be able to resist,
as I am very confident she will—I was going to
say all'the navies in the world. m
Mr. WELLER. I ought to have stated mat
I had a conversation last summer with Mr. Ste-
vens on this subject,and I put to him the question,
in case we were involved in a war, (and I appre-
hended there was some danger of it at the time,)
how long would it take him to complete this
vessel? and his answer was, eight months, with
a sufficient sum of money". Ile said that if there
was a pressing necessity, in eight months he
could have his vessel fully equipped.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope this appropriation
will not be struck out. I believe it will be recol-
lected by yourself, sir, and many other gentlemen
who are here, that, while it is true the Senate
had very little information on the subject, when
the last appropriation was made, it was made at
the instance of Commodore Stockton, who was
then a member of the Senate, but is no longer
among us, and whose great reputation and skill
as a naval officer, and high experience in the
construction of naval engines, are known to the
whole country, and I may say to the world. He
was satisfied that this was to be a successful
experiment; that* it was necessarily conducted
with great caution, and not without a very con-
siderable lapse of time, and that the was in
every respect to be built with so mlB care, so
much labor, so much attention, that the prosecu-
tion of the work must necessarily be very slow;
but he vouched, and ventured his whole character
for the voucher, that this would turn out to be
what Mr. Stevens projected. And what is it
that Mr. Stevens projected ? It is nothing more
nor less than a single vessel made of such dimen-
sions, of such strength, of such capacity, of such
power, and of such efficiency, that it could resist
the attack of any fleet that could reach the bay
of New York. No matter how many guns it
would carry, no matter by what skill it might be
navigated, this single vessel, driven in amongst
the fleet, capable of going everywhere, and being
itself impenetrable, and having all its officers and
crew protected against the casualties of battle,
would answer for the purposes of defense; if so,
it will supersede all fortifications.
Now, I do not know that the experiment is a
wise and judicious one; I should be utteily un-
able, if the plan were submitted to me, to determ-
ine on that point; but 1 do know that the best
guarantees in the world of the success of this ex-
periment—the guarantee first of the character and
fame of Mr. Stevens as a great engineer, unsur-
passed in this country by his achievements, and
also the voucher of Commodore Stockton, on
whose reputation I have already commented.
We have tile evidence that the work is in the
eourse of prosecution as rapidly as is expedient
and necessary. If it shall be successful, the cost
is nothing—not merely moderate,but it is nothing
—it is economy. If it shall fail, the Government
lose nothing by the experiment, because there is
an estate of $3,000,000 pledged, as well as the
reputation of the inventor, to the success of the
experiment. What is at hazard now ? Only
$86,000, which has been already contracted for,
anil for which this inventor holds the faith of the
Government, and his representatives are willing
to take that as the contract specifies—I think, upon
the condition only that he shall turn out this
vessel to the Government, and that she shall prove
to be what the Government demands and what
he promised. I see no hazard in it, and I hope,
therefore, Senators will say that the recommend-
ation is right, and should be passed. I suppose
there may be somewhat less of information on
this subject than we should otherwise have, if it
had not been for the death of this inventor during
this year,only two or three.months since. With
a large estate, and with many interests and
many earis on their hands, it is possible his
representatives have not had time to bring the
subject before the Senate in tfte manner in which
it would have been if the circumstances were dif-
fcrcnt*
Mr. PEARCE. I do not believe at all in this
system of harbor defense by floating batteries. I
think that, when we are to build ships at a cost
of over a million oftollars, we should-send them
to sea—that is their element. Their march should
be on the mountain wave; their home on the deep.
For the defense of our harbors we want stone
fortresses, which all experience, and especially
recent experience, has proved to be the very
best material"with which to repel a hostile fleet.
Let us construct them where necessary ; let
us not be buying pigs in pokes; let us not be
making empirical attempts to defend harbors by
things of which we know nothing, except that a
great deal was promised fourteen years ago, and
nothing has been redeemed. It is enough for mo*
to know that this appropriation, made fourteen
years ago, has resulted in nothing but a huge
iron hulk, which has not been completed, and, as
I have stated upon official information, cannot be
completed without an addition of $800,000 to the
sum within which the expenditure was to be lim-
ited by the terms of the original law and the con-
tract. Before we give any more money to it, 1
desire that the Navy Department should have the
opportunity of obtaining all the information which
can be obtained in regard to it, that they may
have a plan, that they may know what it is we
are doing, that we shall not go on blindly for
fourteen years more, after having gone on blindly
for fourteen years heretofore.
Mr. PRATT. I am unwilling that we should
now stop in this experiment, as it has been called,
i dare say the Senator from New York has said
everything that 1 desire to say, though I had not
the good fortune to hear him. I recollect being
present when this appropriation was passed some
four years ago. I know that I voted for it. It
was a provision introduced here by Commodore
Stockton, who stated that he had seen the inven-
tion of Mr. Stevens, and that he himself was con-
vinced that by it he would succeed in building
a vessel for harbor defense which would be im-
penetrable to cannon balls of the largest kind. I
understand further that some months since an
experiment was made with a completed section of
this vessel. This gentleman informs me that he
was present when cannon of the largest caliber
were fired at twenty yards' distance, at a section
of the vessel, and that they had no effect at all
upon the section of the vessel upon which they
were fired. The balls were flattened, and fell to
the ground. Of course a vessel of this construc-
tion must be entirely cannon-proof.
But, sir, the difficulty is this: we have already
entered on this experiment; we agreed to appro-
priate {$.586,000, and Mr. Stevens agreed to build
such a vessel to answer the purposes which were
stipulated, with the condition that this money
should be refunded unless the experiment proved
successful. We have made the experiment to the
extentof §500,000. Now, the proposition which
is made by my honorable colleague is, that we shall
abandon the contract we have made. Then all
the $500,000 which we have expended towards
this contract we are to lose. We are of course
to forfeit the bond of Stevens which he has given
to us, and which my friend from New Jersey
says is entirely adequate; because, now, if you
refuse to make the appropriation, it is a forfeiture
of the bond, and you will never get back the
$500,000 you have already expended, and which
he has stipulated to pay you if the experiment
fails.
It seems to me we ought not to stop here. If
the vessel will answer the purpose which it was
stated it would answer, I think the money never
could be better expended for any purpose by this
Government. There are many around me—my
venerable friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass]—
who says this is another of our experiments.
Yes, sir, if is, and it is an experiment which has
never been made before by this or any other Gov-
ernment. I have never known an inventor come
to the Government and say: "Agree to make an
appropriation; let me make the ship, and if I do
not succeed, here is security that you will have
the money back." I have known cases where
bond and security have been given before, of
course, but I have never known that the money
could be got baek, because there has bssn never
before a proposition that it should be returned in
the event of a failure. Here, however, if the ex-
periment fails, and we perform the contract on
our part, we have the capacity to get it back if
we choose.
But again, my honorable colleague supposes
the true plan would be, to have the Navy Depart-
ment and official officers of the Government to
examine it, and report as to whether this experi-
ment is likely to succeed. I submit to my friend
and colleague, that that would be impossible,
because it is an invention on the part of Mr. Ste-
vens which he is not to promulge to the world.
Its utility to us as a Government would be lost
if it were made known, because other Govern-
ments, as soon as it was known, would adopt it
for their defense as well as we for ours. It is an
invention upon his part—a thing which he is not
to promulge to anybody. He is to make it for
this Government. If it be successful, it will be
immensely valuable to the Government. If not,
the Government will lose nothing; but the mode
of construction is a secret. It is not what he ever
agreed with the Government that he would let us
know. He did not stipulate to tell us and all the
world the quo modo in which the object was to be
accomplished. It is being built within a place
entirely inaccessible to anybody except his own
agents. It seems to me, that we can never acquire
the information in the mode which my colleague
suggests; and the striking out now of this provis-
ion is a determination upon the part of our Gov-
ernment, that we will obtain an experiment in"
which we have already expended $500,000.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall vote against the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland, and I
wish to give a reason for so doing. Ever since
steam was applied as a motor to move vessels,
the proposition to build a vessel for the defense
of harbors having a direct entrance from the sea,
has been discussed by every leading officer of
our Navy, and I believe by some of the principal
officers of the French and English navies. The
proposition was to defend a harbor accessible by
a direct passage from the sea against vessels pro-
pelled by steam. The man who above all others
was presented to the American'public as the most
likely to bring such an experiment to a successful
issue was Mr. Stevens. The man to whom we
would look to bring such a movement forward
was Commodore Stockton. Eoth these conditions
here combined, Commodore Stockton examined
the plan of Mr. Stevens, and became convinced of
the feasibility and practicability of defending New
Yorkharbor, by a movable steam battery, against
any vessels entering that harbor. We have pro-
gressed two thirds towards the completion of this
work; and are we to stop nowand have the shell of
the work on our hands in this experiment? I
concede it as an experiment; but I think we can
better appropriate the balance of the money to
the approval of an experiment more untenable,
and a humbug, than leave the idea of defending
harbors in this way to be continually presented
to the public. It is now conceded that, entering
New York with steamers propelled at the rate of
twelve knots an hour, the fortifications there
cannot defend the harbor.
Mr. PEARCE. It is not conceded. That may
be a mistake.
Mr. MALLORY. It may not be conceded by
the Senator from Maryland; but it is conceded by
some of the leading engineers of the country. It
has been ably discussed,and I think demonstrated
that the harbor of New York is not defensible by
any fortification there now.
Mr. PEARCE. Then you want other fortifi-
cations.
Mr. MALLORY. The fortifications there now
are useless against fast steamers in consequence
of the direct entrance from the sea, and hence a
movable steam battery is requisite to complete
the fortifications. I saw a letter from Mr. Ste-
vens a short time before his death. His plans
had somewhat enlarged by experience in the con-
struction of the vessel. He was governed some-
what by the greater caliber of guns and greater
weight of shot now used in naval armaments.
When he first commenced the construction of his
battery, scarcely any guns over forty-eightpound-
ers were used m any ship of war. He contem-
plated putting nine inches solid thickness in his
vessel; but he had to increase the size of the ship,
the length, and the motive power. His plana
