1190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 12,
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 14, noes 15.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the honorable
Senator from Michigan permit me to add one
sentence or two more-to what I have already
said, by way of explanation?
Mr. CASS. I understand that I have no op- 
tion.
Mr. STUART. The reason why I made the
motion was for the purpose of enabling my col-
league to go on with his speech, which he is
anxious and desirous to deliver, and for no other
Hgfepose.
^Blr. CPJTTENDEN. I believe I am entitled
to the floor.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the question will be
taken again. The question was not understood
before. The motion was made to lay this sub-
ject on the table for the time being, with the
view of enabling the Senator from Michigan to
proceed.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CRiTTENDEN. I only wish to explain
to the gentleman from Iowa what is meant by the
statement that $$00,000 or $300,000 have been
expended on this road. A contract has been
made with Chase & Co., of Si. Louis, to the
amount of a million of dollars—they undertaking;
to build the road, or certain portions of it. Bonds
have been put in thru* hands, perhaps to the
amount of $200,000, as I understand; other
means—money—to the amount of #5200,000 or
$300,000, lias been placed in their hands by the
company who have undertaken to make the road.
That they consider as money expended. These
are the facts on which the statement was made.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If th at wine all tiue,
and if they had- made a contract for constructing
the road to the Missouri river, and hnd paid a
large proportion of the consideration, it would
not authorize them to take land from the road for
which I am asking it, to be given to them? I ask,
if they had made a contract to construct then-
road to the Missouri river, three hundred miles,
would that entitle them to this-grant of land ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I only wanted to show
that the statement was ouirect.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I am willing to admit
it to the extent that 1 have already done.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wanted to show
merely that my original statement of money ex-
pended was correct. Chase & Co. have been
contracted with to do this work. They have re-
ceived bonds of counties who have subscribed to
a large amount, and in addition have received two
or three hundied thousand dollars upon contract.
They have done some work, though to what ex-
tent I do not ki>ow.
Mr. PITCH. I think it is due to the Senator
from Michigan [Mr. Cass ] that we should proceed
to the consideration of the .special order; and, be-
lieving that to be a proper motion, I move to take
up the special order.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 move to postpone this sub-
ject for the present. ;
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the j
motion to postpone this subject until to-morrow, ;
for the purpose of taking up the special order. j
The motion was agreed to. \
naturalization laws.
Mr. ADAMS. It will be remembered that three
weeks ago, the bill to amend the naturalization
laws, introduced by myself, was mad" tin; special
order for this day. Other business has intervened ,
so as to prevent its consideration. I do not !
desire to obtrude it on the Senate, but I ask that 1
it may be taken up and made the special order for
this day week. To this, I presume, there can be :
no objection.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the j
Whole to consider thfc bill; and, on motion of Mr. j
Adams, its further consideration was postponed ;
to Monday next, and made the special order for '
that day. j
message from the president. !
A message from the President of the United !
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, informed
the Senate that he had approved and signed the
resolution forthe relief of the Southwestern and
Muscogee Railroad Companies.
Several messages in writing were also received
from the President.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S No. 172)
to authorize the people of the Territory of Kan-
sas to form a constitution and State government,
preparatory to their admission into-the Union,
when they have the requisite population.
Mr. CASS addressed the Senate at length upon
the constitutional power of Congress over the
Territories, but yielded the floor without conclud-
ing his speech; and the further consideration of
the bill was postponed until to-morrow.
milwaukee custom-house.
Mr. DODGE. A joint resolution (J. R. No.
15) for enlarging the custom-house, post office,
and court-house, at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, was
received this morning from the House of Repre-
sentatives. I ask the Senate now to take it up
and pass it.
The joint resolution was read the first and
second times by unanimous consent, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to extend the building in process of construction
at Milwaukee for a cuctom-housc, court-rooms,
and post office, not exceeding twenty-five feet in
length, at an expense of not more than $33,000.
The lesolutton was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
executive business.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. President, there is lying
on the table, as I understand, a nomination from
the Piesidont for a judge of the district of South
Caiolma. The judi;e has lately died, and the
court is to sit on next Monday. It is important,
therefore, that the nomination should be acted
upon at once. I move that the Senate proceed to
th e consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 12, lfct56.
The TIouw : met at twelve o'clock, in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Re\. Daniel Waldo.
The J ournal of Saturday was read and approved.
SECURITY OF AMERICAN CITIZENS.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was the consideration of a motion, intro-
duced by Mr. Clikgman, on Monday last, to
suspend the rules to enable him to introduce the
following resolution:
A Joint Iloohuiou for the hotter piotecuon of American
clflzetk
r,c il rotolred, tfc., That (or the better pioteetion of the
pet-on. and pmpeityol Amenean citizen* under the law
of nation-, and adeemed bv exi'-t.n^ tiuity j-upulanotis
u iih reinvmv to the thoiou«rhlaies ot htx--: of travel be-
tween the \s atei of the Atlantic and Pacific ocean1?, the
Pic-idem of the United State,- be. and lie ^ hereby, amhor-
i 'rd to emphn an\ p-ut of the land or naval iou-e;. of the
count! \, and to call foi and u<e any number of volunteer
flint may Iv neei-ssaiy to ptovide lor the safety oi pa^en-
cciv, and othci ot oui citi/.cns. in tho„>e localities, anil such
toics may he u-cd by him. in aid of the local amhontios
or othenviso, to msiue the obseivance of such Drill's as the
Government of the United States anil its citizcn* are enti-
tled to enjoy.
Air. CLTNGMAN. T wish to appeal to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Joxcs,j if he
is in, and if he is not, to tlu-House, to allow this
resolution to come in, and be postponed until a
day certain. I understand that the information
called for the other day can be here to-morrow
or the next day. I propose to defer the consid-
eration of this resolution to a future day, and I
hope there will be a general consent" to that
course. I do not desiie that there should be any
action, or even a consideration of it at this time.
If if, is postponed until a future day, I shall leave
the House, under the information which shall be
received, to act upon it. Gentlemen will, when
they come to examine the matter—I do not feel
at liberty to speak upon it now—concur with me
in the course 1 propose.
_ Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have no objec-
tion to that course, with the understanding that
I shall have an opportunity to otTer the substitute
which I send up to be lead.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I propose that they both
be allowed to come in, and their consideration go
over together.
The substitute of Mr. Campbell was then read,
as follows:
Resolvt"7, That the President be requested to negotiate,
through the Department of State, with the Governments of
England and Russia, for the acquisition of the Canadasand
all other British and Russian possessions on this continent,
and with the Government of Spain for the acquisition of the
Island, of Cuba, on terms consistent with the honor and
peaceful relation:; of the Governments negotiating, and with
the consent of the people who occupy said possessions: Pro-
vided, That if said possessions shall be annexed to the United
States theie shall neither be slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude therein, otherwise than m punishment of ciline.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from North Carolina what objection he
has to the reference of that resolution to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs ? The subject is
a grave and important one, and requires the de-
liberate action of the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection to it,
but it cannot be referred now. The committee,
too, have the subject under consideration, but
they will probably not be able to report under
two months. I doubt whether the Committee on
Public Lands will get through before that time;
and there arc two or three other committees
which must be called before that one will be
reached. I think I could satisfy the House, could
I speak for ten minutes, that, under the obliga-
tions of a treaty which I hold in my hand, we
are bound to give the President some authority
of this kind.
Mr. FAULKNER. I think the resolution
should be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection to the
gentleman's making that motion.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. LETCIIER. J propose that the House
shall give the gentleman from North Carolina ten
minutes to explain his resolution.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to the
consumption of time, by the gentleman from North
Carolina, unless the same privilege is accorded to
others.
Air. CLINGMAN. Have the yeas and nays
been ordered upon the motion to suspend the
rules ?
The SPEAKER. They have not been ordered.
Mr. WALKER. I rise for the purpose of
inquiring of the Chair if the resolution does not
come up for consideration as a matter of course,
as the first thing m order, being continued o\er
from last Monday ?
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules to allow its introduction, comes over from
last Monday,
Mr. WALKER. If the motion to suspend the
rules be decided in the affirmative, will not the
first business of the blouse be the consideration
of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
- Mr. MATTESON. I understand that the gen-
tleman Irom North Carolina proposes that its con-
sideration shall go over for the present, and" that
he desires it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That wasmy proposition.
The SPEAKER. That can only be acted upon
after the House has acted upon the motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for the
yeas and nays upon the pending motion.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were*—
yeas 53, nays 74; as follows:
YEAS-
Burnett,
Oulloii
Eva _ ^    
wood. J. Morrison Hams," Haven, Kelly, Konnott, Lump-
kin, Mace, Maxwell, McMulhri, Smith Miller, Paine, Peck,
tMielps, Ready, Jlicaud, Itich'aidson, Kuffin, Sanduhre,
Shorter, William Smith, Hnecd, Stephens. Stewait, Talbott,
Taylor, Todd, Tyson, Walkei, Warner,'Walking Welh,
Wheeler, and Daniel B. Wught—53.
j\TA YS—Mcss'ra. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Benson,
Biilinghur^t, Bingiiam, Bliss, Bradshavv, Bienton, Bufiiii-
ton, Burhrigame, Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle, Ezra Clark,
dawson, Williamson K^W. Cobb, Colrax, Cragm, Cum-
back, Ilcnry Winter Davr?, Timothy Davi^, Dean, Durfee,
Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Gidding^, Gil bei't.Goode,Ci an-
ger, Harlan, Harrison, Holloway, Thomas 11. Ilorton, Val-
entine B. Horton, George W. Jones, King, Knapp, Knight,
Knowlton, Knox, Letcher, Matteson, McCarty, Kiltian
