454
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 30,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Slavery—Mr. Buffinton.
Ho. op Reps.
citizens of Kansas what they ask—not as a boon,
but as a right. Never, sir, has this great question
of the extension of slavery come up before Con-
fress, that gentlemen here from the district which
hare the honor to represent have not taken the
same stand against it which it is now my pride
to take. The records, sir, show that the Hon.
N. B. Borden, and the Hon. Artemas Hale, and
the Hon. S. L. Crocker, from the beginning to
the termination oftheirconnection with this body,
gave a sincere, earnest, and emphatic nay—a
Massachusetts opposition to every measure which
recognized slavery as national; which extended
its territory, or which increased its powers.
Last, though not least, I am guided by the
exangple left by another of my predecessors, the
lamented Fowler, whose grave is near my home, !
whose memory is enshrined in my heart. It was
my good fortune to enjoy his friendship and his
confidence; to profit by his discriminating judg-
ment and his correct impulses; to feel as his con-
stituent that he would defend my rights, and the
rights ef every other voter in his district, with
manly boldness. And, sir, with this record of
fidelity to freedom by all of my predecessors
through so many years of political excitement, of
partisan triumphs, and of local animosities, it
would ill become me to falter, or to prove recreant
in this trying hour. Were it possible, sir, that I
should be led astray from the path so clearly
marked out by those who have preceded me, I
should be an unworthy representative, too, of
that hallowed portion of my district where repose
the mortal remains of Daniel Webster. I can-
not forget, sir, that not ten years have elapsed
since he, at the other end of the Capitol, ex-
pressed his deliberate opinion that it is certain, if
anything is certain, that the sentiment of the
whole North is opposed to the admission of new |
slave States. j
I am aware, sir, that Mr. Webster is now an 1
object of adulation to those who, at the last mo-
ment, disappointed his hopes,and snatched from
him the reward for the patriotic sentiments which
they now so often quote. Let those gentlemen,
before they talk about the position of Massachu-
setts' in the days of Daniel Webster, read his
glorious speech at New York in 1837 against the
admission of Texas as a slave State—let them 1
read his speech in the United States Senate on
the 1st of March, 1847, upon presenting resolu- i
tions from the State of Massachusetts. These j
resolutions, sir, I will read, to show what the |
opinion of Massachusetts was in those days to ;
which gentlemen now refer; and in the Congres- i
sional Globe can be found the remarks of Mr. j
Webster on presenting them—clear, distinct, im-
perative in their behalf:
Resolved, unanimously, That the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts views the existence of human slavery within the
limits of the United States as a great calamity—an immense
moral and political evil, which ought to he abolished as soon
as that end can be properly and constitutionally attained;
and that its extension should be uniformly and earnestly
opposed by all good and patriotic men throughout the Union. 1
" Resolved, unanimously, That the people of Massachu-
setts will strenuously resist the annexation of any new ter-
ritory to this Union, in which the institution of slavery is to
be tolerated or established; and the Legislature, in behalf j
of the people of this Commonwealth, do hereby solemnfy j
protest against the acquisition of any additional territory,
without an express provision by Congress that there shall
be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in such terri- *
tory, otherwise tha^ibr the punishment of crime."
I am aware, sir, that many honorable gentle-
men on this floor listen with sensitive ears to all
discussion whieh'mvolves the question of slavery,
and that some of them even go so far as to take
offense at plain statements of facts or of grievances. ;
It is neither my wish nor my intention to arouse
this sectional agitation. Yet it would be useless
for any Representative here to state his peculiar
views on a subject under discussion, or to place |
the position of his constituents fairly before this
House, if he did not speak frankly and fully, or
if he did not boldly meet the erroneous arguments
advanced by others, and plainly expose their fal-
sity, with a steady regard for truth and for right.
Yet, sir, it is not by recriminations that we can
arrive at a fair settlement of this question, or of
any other question in which sectional interests
have been entwined. Menace, sirj'is unwise,
because it is universally ineffectual; and it is with
deep regret that I have heard, since the com-
mencement of the present session of this House,
the State which I, in common with other gentle-
men around me, have the honor to represent,
denounced and defamed.
Think not for a moment, sir, that because we
who represent Massachusetts on this floor have
not thrown back the opprobrious epithets with
which our constituents have been assailed, that
we are to be drawn from our course by taunts, or
sneers, or threats. These may ring in our ears,
and make our blood tingle for the moment; but
we will not stop to hurl them back upon those
who have indulged in this style of declamation.
We are conscious, sir, that the time is not far
distant when they will regret having used this
language. And I, for one, sir, do not intend to
falter by the wayside to indulge in personal con-
i ten tions, or to swerve from the direct line of po-
litical duty to mingle in the turmoil of personal
or partisan encounter. It is not my intention,
sir, to reply to the injurious reproaches, or to the
! unfounded assertions against the old Bay Slate,
calculated to exasperate those citizens of other
portions of the Republic who.do not remember
the injunctions of Washington " to frown in-
; dignantly upon the first dawning of every attempt
to alienate one portion of our country from the
other."
Massachusetts, sir, needs no apologists, and
asks no favors; but relies with full confidence on
her own consciousness of rectitude She has
often been assailed; yet it is a matter of record
that few laurels have ever been gained by her
enefnies—whether savage or civilized, external
or internal. The " land of the free and the
home of the brave," she has ever been willing to
bear her full share of public burdens, and has
found her own resources equal for every emer-
gency. Nor has it ever been the case, sir, that
i the people of Massachusetts have forgotten that
they are the champions, by birthright, of civil and
religious liberty. It was an indomitable determ-
ination to assert those sacred principles which
led the Pilgrim Fathers across the stormy ocean
to the rock-bound coast of a dreary wilderness.
There, sir, in the inhospitable season of storms,
surrounded by wild beasts, and by more fero-
cious savages, they resolved "to live free, or
cease to live." Sacredly, sir, has that pledge
been kept! It was in defense of civil and reli-
gious liberty that the men of Massachusetts
fought the wily Penobscots, excited by their
Jesuit missionaries to deeds of rapine and cruelty.
It was in defense of civil and religious liberty that
they conquered the fortress of Louisbourg, the
stronghold of a power that had sought to impose
a religious despotism upon this entire continent;
and it was in defense of civil and religious liber-
ty that the soil of Lexington and of Bunker Hill
was moistened with Massachusetts blood, as her
sons commenced that armed resistance to tyrants
which they regarded as obedience to God. "An
appeal to Heaven," was the motto inscribed upon
their pine-tree flag; and nobly did soldiers and ;
civilians, men of strong arms and mighty minds, ;
enter into the conflict, pledging " their lives, their i
fortunes, and their sacred honors." !
Nor was it at home, alone, sir, that the men of i
Massachusetts fought during the revolutionary
struggle. No other State furnished as many
troops, or as many munitions of war. And she
may be traced on every battle-field along the
Atlantic coast, by the bones of her heroic sons.
Nay, sir, when the invading foe had made their
proud boast that Carolina was subdued, it was a
New England mechanic—the gallant Greene—
who led Massachusetts men to the succor of
Sumpter and Marion. Shoulder to shoulder they
fought—they conquered. And when, at last, the
Britons were forced to lay down their arms at
Yorktown, the haughty Cornwallis surrendered
his sword to the brave Lincoln, a Massachusetts
officer, who had gallantly, though unsuccessfully,
defended Charleston during a protracted siege, i
And they fought, be it remembered, for certain
" inalienable rights,"among which were enumer-
ated " liberty and the pursuit of happiness."
As it was in the Revolution, so has it been in
subsequent conflicts. Though a peaceful Com-
monwealth, Massachusetts yields to none in lib-
eral and generous sacrifices of blood and of treas-
urer Her troops are ever ready for the field, and
her hardy manners go into the conflict like their
own " Constitution," built of Massachusetts oak,
launched in Massachusetts waters, and manned
by Massachusetts mariners, pouring forth victo-
rious broadsides.
But these are not the achievements, sir, in which
Massachusetts takes the most pride. Her citizens
consider that peace has its victories as well as
war, and we point with pride to our churches and
school-houses, and manufactories, and commerce
j —those evidences of industry and of education.
| With us labor is not reluctant drudgery; it is
! cheerful, contented, spirited, because it is respect-
j able, and because it is certain of its reward.
I An eloquent Senator from South Carolina (Mr.
I Preston) once remarked that,although Massachu-
' setts was the most prosperous State in the Union,
: she exported no naturs^^iroducts but granite
and ice. This is true, sir, but though Nature
frowns upon us, nowhere else is the hand of man-
ufacturing industry more visibly busy. We are
told, sir, that in 1845 the aggregate productive
industry of the Commonwealth was $114,000,000.
Now, as appears by statistics, recently published
from the office of the Secretary of State, it will
go up to $300,000,000—making a growth of one
hundred per cent, in the productive wealth of the
State for ten years. In the cotton manufacture the
growth has been from $12,000,000 to #26,000,000;
in calico from #4,000,000 to $5,000,000; in wool-
ens from #8,000,000 to #12,000,000; in linen from
#145,000 to #1,500,000; in shoes from #14,000,000
to #38,000,000; in steam engines from #200,000
to #3,250,000; in copper and brass manufac-
turesfrom #1,000,000 to #3,000,000; in glass from
#750,000 to #2,750,000; and in chemicals from
#300,000 to #1,124,000.
Surely, sir, this does not look as if the indus-
trial reputation of Massachusetts was degener-
ating, although certain gentleman have been
pleased to draw disparaging comparisons between
her present and her "ancient character." Let
gentlemen remember, when they speak of the
Massachusetts of 1856, that a goodly share of tha
national revenue is paid at her custom-houses, and
that two thirds of all the cotton consumed in the
United States, and two thirds of all the cotton
manufactures produced, are consumed and pro-
duced in the part of the country of which Boston
is the commercial metropolis and chief business
center. The value of domestic cotton manufac-
tures disposed of in Boston in the year 1855, by
first hands, was #46,700,000. The value of domes-
tic manufactured woolens disposed of in Boston
in the year 1855, by first hands, was $22,000,000;
making the total of domestic cottons and woolens
#68,700,000.
In commerce, Massachusetts is second only to
New York; but, in proportion to population, the
first in the Union. Her unrivaled clippers bear
the stars and stripes in every sea, and lier hardy
mariners visit every shore, plowing the Arctic
ices, opening new ports under the sun of the
equator, and ever ready to create new commerce
wnerever fresh channels are opened. Her fish-
eries are the nurseries whence our Navy is to be
manned in case of war; and an idea of the value
of her commercial fleet may be formed from the
fact that the amount invested in ships belonging
to the Boston district alone is estimated at
$25,000,000. Out of 175 ships which arrived in
the United States from beyond the Cape of Good
Hope in the year 1854, 105 arrived in Boston;
and out of 154 which arrived in 1855, 86 came
into Boston, 7 to Salem, 1 to Providence, 54 to
New York, 5 to Philadelphia, and 1 to Baltimore.
Of the 54 which arrived in New York, 14 from
China were owned in Boston.
With such resources, sir, it is not strange that
Massachusetts maintains, and ever has "tnain-
tained, her obligations both in letter and spirit.
Her State bonds, sir, are never seen quoted among
the " fancy stocks" on which the " bulls" ana
the " bears" of exchanges revel in speculation.
And yet, sir, this people, so enterprising and so
industrious—so diligent in extending the name
and the fame of this Republic by honorable com-
mercial transactions—is stigmatized as degraded.
Ah, sir, ccyild the gentlemen who have denounced
her ride over thirteen hundred miles of railroad
which cover her with a net work of prosperity-
could they visit her six colleges, her four hun-
dred academies, and her thirty-six hundred well-
