THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 13, 1856.
New Series. ...No. 130-
underwent alteration; and with that alteration his
conviction of succcss became stronger, and the
practicability of his plan undoubted. In fact,
New York harbor will be impregnable with it,
and is indefensible without it. At the time of
Mr. Stevens's death no doubt remained on his
mind, as is shown by letters in my possession,
that he could give invulnerability to a movable
steam battery in the water, employing steam,
moving at ten knots an hour, not only in the har-
bor between the land, but progressing short dis-
tances to sea, and in fact rendering New York
perfectly defensible against all means of entrance.
I think my honorable friend from Maryland
will find, when he comes to look into the discus-
sion of the defense of New York, this idea sug-
gested: that one of the ships of Britain or France
coming into any of our commercial ports, where
merchantmen most do congregate, could easily
take two of our merchantmen, and lash one to
each side, filled with cotton, or other merchan-
dise, making bulk-heads of them, and thus freely
pass a fort perfectly invulnerable. They can lash
shields to them, like the tow-boats on the Mis-
sissippi, which have power, but not speed, and
go as fast with these shields as without them, as
the locomotive goes as fast with a fly on the
wheel. In this way, ships entering New York
harbor, with the winds, making ten miles an hour,
could not be assailed from Fort Lafayette with
more than one shot from each casemate; and if
the honorable Senator will examine the records
of the practice of all our fortifications where it is
allowed to fire seventy-five shots a year at a fixed
target, he will find that in the calmest and stillest
day, with all the appliances for secure target
firing, they scarcely ever, at five eighths of a mile,
hit the target.
Mr. PEAR.CE. I have, within the last two
three months, seen a target struck at three
iburii.? of a mile, within eighteen inches of the
center, here, at the navy-yard, ill Washington.
Mr. MALLORY. This is the exception to
the rule. The rule is as I have stated, as the
register of the firing will show; and I examined
the one at Fort Hamilton myself. You will find
Uie entries on the register: " a little above;" "a
Utile below;" " a little to the right;" ■' a little to
the left," etc. I have merely thrown out these
ideas, in reply to my friend Irom Maryland, to
show why I shall vote against tins motion to
stnke out the appropriation. 1 do not undertake
to say that I am entirely satisfied Mr. Stevens
will succeed. 1 know he was satisfied of it; I
know he was convinced of it; and he devoted a
lifetime to such investigation. If we should suc-
ceed, the appropriations %ve have given to this
object will be nothing m comparison with the
great results we shall effect. Other nations have
not tried it. Great Britain and France have npver
attempted experiments of this kmd. They are
looking to us with a great deal of interest; and I
confess, after progressing as far as we have pio-
gressed, the remnant of the money would bo
wisely expended even in proving the matter un-
tenable, and forever abandoning the experiment.
Mr. WELLES.. I felt disposed at fiist to
vote for striking out, but 1 discover that the Sen-
ator from Maryland is attempting to eviscerate
a bill reported by my friend from Virginia. I
feel under obligations to stand by the Senator
from Virginia in maintaining the bill as he re-
ported it.
Now I may be allowed to make another remark.
I believe Mr. Stevens has been subjected to a
series of delays at the Navy Department. Since
he has been building this ship, the Navy Depart-
ment has passed through the hands ot eight dif-
ferent persons, and every new Secretary of the
Navy that came into power had some new ideas
in regard to the construction of the steamship.
He was compelled to change his original^contract
under the demands or direction of the Secretary
of the Navy three or four times. Whenever a
new discovery was made in projectiles that car-
ried additional force and power for their shells
and balls, they required him to change the con-
ISO
tract, so as to make the ship impenetrable to all
the improvements which had been made in these
projectiles up to that time. I believe when he
was here this summer, there had been a great
many improvements made in the prosecution of
the war between Great Britain and Russia, and
he was required to change his contract again, and
make the vessel bomb and shell proof against all
the inventions up to the present time. Now, I
feel disposed to stand by my friend from Virginia,
who, I am sure, would not recommend anything
to the Senate that the public interest did not de-
mand.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say in regard to this
item, that our attention was called to it in the
Finance Committee, and our leaving it in was to
depend on certain information which the Senator
from Maryland was to get from the Department.
The information was received after the bill was
reported, and convinced me, as well as himself,
that for the present the item ought to go out. I
confess, however, that this is one of the few
things of this sort for which I ever voted. I voted
in the House of Representatives for it originally.
I recollect distinctly that Mr. Calhoun told ine
he knew this man well, that he was the only in-
ventor he ever saw in whose genius he would be
willing to vote so much money with confidence.
I recollect the last time 1 saw Mr. Stevens 1 told
him I was afraid the result of his experiment
would not be such as to induce us to repeat it.
He said I need not fear for the result, for he was
sure he should succeed; that he had completed a
certain portion of the side of his ship and had
exposed it to the most severe fire that could be.
directed to it, and that the balls had crumbled and
shattered which were fired upon it. Under all
these circumstances 1 have never made opposition
to it until now, nor am I disposed now to do more
than strike this clause out until we can ascer-
tain in what mode the vessel is to be concluded,
as Mr. Stevens is dead, and whether we are
likely to be remunerated for the great additional
expenditure which we are told must be incurred.
I had no idea, until my friend from Maryland le-
ceived tins information, that it would require
$800,000 more. If it does, I think we ought to
suspend it until we ascertain the particulars.
This is a mere residue, I understand, of the ori-
ginal appropriation reserved in the hands of the
Department, by way of security, to be paid when
the contract should be performed, according to
the terms of the original agreement. I am not
disposed to embark the Government in a further
expenditure until the competent officers are satis-
fied that we are likely to be compensated for it;
for I hare no idea that this Government, if they
had expended a million or a million and a half
dollars, would exact it from the heirs of Mr.
Stevens.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I want to know
from the honorable Senator from Virginia how
this appropriation came in the bill?
Mr. HUNTER. It came from the House.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. On what authority ?
Mr. HUNTER. According to estimate.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Of what Depart-
ment ?
Mr. HUNTER. The Navy Department.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should like to
know oilswhat source the information is based.
Mr. PEARCE. These estimates were sent to
Congress at the beginning of the session in De-
cember last. In March, the Secretary, having his
attention called to it, sent the chief constructor,
Mr. Lenthall, to New York to see what was the
condition of the ship, and to get some knowledge
of the plan. The only knowledge of the plan he
could get was what I have stated—a paper a few
inches long, giving the depth, breadth, and other
items I mentioned. As for the plan of the boat,
the Navy Department has never been in posses-
sion of it; and the plan has never been changed
by the Navy Department except in consequence
of the Secretary making this remark, as I under-
stand from him, to Mr. Stevens, that he should
expect it not only shell-proof and shot-proof
against guns made at the time of the contract,
and he has varied his plan——
Mr. WELLER. I ask the Senator if that is
not the cause for the increase of expense so as to
make it $800,000? He could have carried out the
original design, as I learn, for $150,000; but in
consequence of being required to make it bomb-
proof against all projectiles at present used, it will
oost $800,000.
Mr. PEARCE. I apprehend not. The whole
secret is in the sides, six and a half inches thick.
I know, seven years ago, a forty-eight pounder
was sent through seven inches of iron thickness.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I want to investi-
gate this matter to the very bottom, to know
whether the proposition to strike out is from the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. PEARCE. That is my motion.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. And no responsi-
bility on the part of the committee?
Mr. PEARCE. No; I take it all.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Then I should like
to know whether these $800,000 must be ad-
vanced by the Government before the work pro-
ceeds, and why not ask for the appropriation at
once ?
Mr. PEARCE. That is more than I can tell.
I only know the Department say it will take
§800,000, and the Secretery toid Mr. Stevens,
that if he wanted that money he should not ex-
pect it from him, but should go to Congress.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I understand that
Mr. Stevens undertook to comply with his con-
tract originally made with the Government for a
certain stipulated sum of money appropriated by
the Government, and if he went beyond that he
was to apply his own funds, and if any additions
wore made to the work, or any alterations of the
contract by the Government, the Government
was to be responsible. Then the question resolves
itself into this: whether or not the Government,
having appropriated already, as 1 understand
! from my friend from Maryland, $500,000, we
shall now appropriate this additional $86,000 to
see whether there is anything in the invention of
Mr. Stevens?
Mr. PEARCE. It is to result in #800,000.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If the Government
chooses to appropriate that for the use of this
floating battery when it is completed they can
take it, and if not, not. That is what I under-
stand. The question is raised now, whether, on
this application for an appropriation of §86,000,
you will fling away the $500,000 already appro-
priated, and say you want no more of these ex-
periments, although the estate of Mr. Stevens is
responsible and liable for the continuation of this
work. If it should meet the expectations of the
Government, the money will have been well
spent. Now, why should we stop short? We
have the opinion of my friend from Maryland;
but he will hardly undertake to set up his theory
of harbor defenses as altogether correct, and ac-
cording to the opinions of the most scientific men
of the age. I do not know, however how that
is, because I have had no consultations on this
subject. I am in favor of fortresses upon the
shore, and I do not see why they should not be
made efficient. I concur with the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland in the main as to them; but
after we have expended so much money, and
made a contract with Mr. Stevens, who is admit-
ted to have been a most extraordinary man in
connection with this subject, I think $86,000
ought not to stop us at this stage of the experi-
ment. We ought at least to appropriate this
amount. If we never derive any benefit from it,
it is gone of course; and unless there is no pros-
pect, according to the opinions of scientific men,
that this is a great and useful invention, and may
be made practical in the defense of New York or
any other harbor, I think we ought not to hesi-
tate in making this last appropriation.
Mr. MASON. I learn from my colleague, who
has charge of the finances, that the honorable
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] was depu-
ted to get information on this subject, and there-
