1956.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
455
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Slavery—Mr. Buffinton.
Ho. of Reps.
kep*. schools, sustained at an annual expense of
o:te miliion six hundred thousand dollars—they
nn in think the old Bay State worthy to "enjoy"
their friendship and share their confidence.
But we have been told, sir, by the gentleman
from South Carolina, that all this is a " magnifi-
cent diorama," and thai we " do not show the
machinery with which it is worked." He "sends
an arrow,"and it goes poisoned with sneers at a
 • large array of starving operatives," which, so
far as my own district is concerned, I challenge
kirn to hnd. There are " operatives" there in
abundance—almost every man is an " operative;"
and it has been shown on this floor, sir, during this
session of Congress, that Massachusetts " oper-
atives" are not to be despised. Sir, I am a rep-
resentative of " operates." The farmers of my
district are all " operatives;"and mingled among
them, sharing their society, in every town arc
other " operatives," engaged in manufactures of
every kind. In my owr. immediate home, the
beautiful city of Fall River, 1 am surrounded by
" operatives," whom I meet wherever I go in the
•treet, in the lecture-room, and in the worship of
God, while the busy hum of their machinery is
never out of my ears. I know " operatives " well.
We turn with exultation, sir, to those who are
trained to mechanical trades in our work-shops—
who have no resources but their own exertions
—bnt who can enjoy the benefits of education,
and are not debarred from official positions at
home by not beingpossessed of estates worth so 1
many pounds. These " operatives" are the
men—prompted, stimulated, and urged forward,
with the hope of excelling in whatever they under-
take—that rise to eminence, and are the pride of
Massachusetts.
Perhaps the gentleman would like to know the
secret by which Massachusetts, which has no
natural productions for export but granite and
ice, surpasses the rich Palmetto State. It is the
absence of that competition with slave labor,
which, in his section, depresses the operative
class, or able judges have left false testimony.
Their evidence, sir, has a direct bearing upon
the Kansas question. We are all interested, as
owners of the national domain, in the lands there,
and should listen to good advice as to what do-
mestic relations should give them a market value, j
First, sir, let us listen to George Washington— I
to him who was " first in war—first in peace— 1
first in the hearts of his countrymen." What |
did he say? I quote from 12th volume Sparks'3
Writingsof Washington,page 326. Writing from
Philadelphia, he says:
" From what I have said, you will perceive that the present
prices of lands in Pennsylvania are higher than tbey are in
Maryland and Virginia, although tbey are not of superior
quality."
And, after enumerating several other auxiliary
causes for this, he adds:
" And because there are laws here for the gradual aboli-
tion of slavery, which neither of the two States above men-
tioned have at present, but which nothing is more certain
tlian that they mast have, and at a period not remote."
Again, in writing to John F. Mercer, September 1
9, 1786, (Writings of Washington, vol. 9, page j
159,) the Father of his Country says:
" I never mean, unless some' particular circumstances I
should compel me to it, to possess another slave by pur-
chase—it being among my first wishes to see some plan
adopted by which slavery in this country may be abolished
by law."
And what said Thomas Jefferson, the " apostle
of American Democracy," whose place is now so
strangely (I will not use a stronger word) filled ?
I read from his " Notes on Virginia,"pages 221,
222. He says: ,
"There must doubtless be an unhappy influence upon
the manners of our people prodtKed by the existence of
slavery among us. The whole commerce between master
and slave is a perpetual exercise of the most boisterous
passions, the most unremitting despotism on the one part,
and degrading submissions on the other. Our children see
this,and learn to imitate it; for man is an imitative animal."
* * * * "The parent storms, the child looks on, catches the
lineaments of wrath, puts oir the same airs in the circle of I
smaller slaves, gives a loose to the worst of passions, and j
thus nursed, educated, and daily exercised in tyranny, can- !
not but he stamped by it with odious peculiarities. The
man must be a prodigy who can retain his manners and ,
morals andepraved by such circumstances. And with what I
execration should tlie statesman be loaded who, permitting
one half the citizens thus to trample on the rights of the
other, transforms those into despots, and these into enemies,
destroys the morafe of the one part, and the amorpatria of
the other. For if a slave can have a country in this world,
it must be any other in preference to that in which he is
bom to live and labor for another; in which he must lock up
the faculties of his nature, contribute as far as depends
on his individual endeavors to the evanishment of the
human race, or entail his own miserable condition on the
endless generations proceeding from him. With the morals
of the people, their industry also is destroyed; for in a
warm climate no man will labor for himself who can make
another labor for him. This is so true, that of the proprie-
tors of slaves a very small proportion indeed are ever seen
to labor. And can the liberties of a nation be thought secure
when we have removed their only firm basis, a conviction
in the mind of the people that their liberties are the gift of
: God ?—«hat they are not to be violated but with his wrath ?
Indeed I tremble for my country, when I reflect that God is
I just; that His justice cannot sleep forever; that considering
I numbers, nature, and natural means only, a revolution of
the whael of fortune, an exchange of situation, is among
possible events; that it may become probable bysupernatu- 1
ral interference! The Almighty has 110 attribute which can
take side with us in such a contest."
Is this satisfactory ? There is no lack of such
testimony, sir, coming, too,from the mosteminent
sons of Virginia, that " maternal home of Presi-
dents." In a debate in her House of Delegates
! in 1832, Governor McDowell said:
" Who, sir, that looks at this property as a legislator, and
marks its effect upon our national advance, but weeps over
t it as the worst of patrimonies ? Who that looks at this un-
\ happy bondage of an unhappy people in the midst of our
I society, and thinks of its incident*, and its issues, but weeps
I over it as a curse upon him who indicts, as upon him who
1 suffers it?" * * * " Slavery has come down to us from
1 our lathers, and the question now is, Shall we, in turn, !
! hand it ove^o our children ?—hand it over to them aggra-
vated in e\4v attribute of evil ■ Shall wc perpetuate the
calamity we deplore, and become to posterity the objects,
not of kindness,but of cursing?" * * * " If gentlemen
do not see nor feel the evil of slavery whilst this Federal
Union lasts, they will see and feel it when it is gone ; they
will see, and suffer it, then, in a magnitude of desolating
power to which the ' pestilence that walketh at noonday'
would be a blessing—to which the malaria that is now
threatening extinction to tbe' Eternal City,' as the proud one
of the Pontiffs and the Ctesars is called, would be as re-
freshing and as balmy as the first breath of spring to the
chamber of disease." * *   " It has been frankly and
unequivocally declared from the very commencement of this
debate, by the most decided enemies of abolition themselves
as well as othere, that this property is an ' rvir—that it is a
dangerous property. Yes, sir, so dangerous has it been
represented to be, even by those who desire to retain it, that
wc have been reproached for speaking of it otherwise than
in fireside whispers; reproached for entertainingdebate upon
it in this Hall; and the discussion of it with open doors and
to the general ear has been charged upon us as a climax of-
rashness and folly, which threatens issues of calamity to
our country."
Thomas Marshall, of Fauquier county, said:
" Wherefore, then, object to slavery ? Because it is
ruinous to the whites, retards improvement, roots out an
industrious population, banishes the yeomanry of the coun-
try, deprives the spinner, the weaver, the smith, the shoe-
maker, the carpenter, of employment and support. The
evil admits of no remedy. It i3 increasing, and will con-
tinue to increase, until the whole country will become in-
undated with one black wave, covering its whole extent,
with a few white faces here and there floating on the
surface. There is no diversity of occupations, no incentive
to enterprise. Labor of every species is disreputable,
because performed mostly by slaves. Our towns are sta-
tionary, our villages almost everywhere declining, and the
general aspect of the country marks the curse of a wasteful,
idle, reckless population, who have no interest in the soil,
and care not how much it is impoverished. Public improve-
ments are neglected, and the entire continent does not
present a region for which Nature has done so much and art
so little."
' Henry Berry, of Jefferson county, said:
" Sir, I believe that no cancer in the physical body was
ever more certain, steady, and fatal, in its progress, tlian is
this cancer on the political body of tbe State of Virginia.
• It is eatiug into her very vitals."
Philip A. Boiling, of Buckingham county, said:
" High-minded men should disdain to hold their fellow-
creatures as articles of traffic—disregarding all the ties of
blood and affection, tearing asunder all those sympathies
dear to men, dividing husbands and wives, parents and
children, as they would cut asunder a piece of cotton cloth."
I might go on, sir, and fill a large volume with
quotations, but I forbear. It was my object, after
denying the truth of the gentleman's sneers at the
" operatives" of Massachusetts, to prove that, by
the force of circumstances, they were superior to
those of the South. I have examined my wit-
nesses, and now I will close the argument, quoting
the very words used in the House of Delegates
of Virginia (in the debate previously alluded to)
1 by Mr. Summers, a Delegate from the western
portion of the Old Dominion:
"We claim but the right to attempt the defense of ottr.
people from what they themselves [eastern Virginians] have
acknowledged in this debate to be the sorest curse Which j
offended Deity ever visited upon a sinning people.
" Labor becomes dishonorable because it is the business '
of a slave ; and when industry is made dishonorable or un- j
fashionable, virtue iff attacked ill her strongest citadel.
I "But, sir, the evils of this system cannot be enumerated. 1
It were unnecessary to attempt it. They glare upon us at
every step. When the owner looks to his wasted estate, he
knows and feels them. When a statesmen examines the
condition of his country, and finds her moral influence gone,
her physical strength diminished, her political power waning,
he sees and must confess them."
But while the people of Massachusetts, sir,
have sought to elevate her to a high place on the
scale of States, they have not been unmindful of
their national responsibility. Never unmindful
of the rights of other States, which it is their
pride to respect, they have fearlessly sought the
extension of civil and religious liberty over every
portion of this continent where it can be intro-
duced. Foremost among communities in remov-
ing the yoke of bondage from all within their
limits, they have ever endeavored to make slavery
a sectional—not a national—stigma, by opposing
its introduction into new Territories and States.
Turn over the records of our national councils,
sir, and you will find that the Representatives
from Massachusetts have ever been found occu-
pying the same ground where we now stand. It
was Nathan Dane, of Massachusetts, sir, who
procured the passage of the celebrated ordinance
of 1787, for the government of the Northwest
Territory, to which Virginia so magnanimously
assented. How glorious have been the results!
State after State has risen into existence, each a
living evidence of Massachusetts enterprise and
Massachusetts energy; for it was a little colony
sent out from one of her small hamlets, with its
minister and its schoolmaster, that was the germ
of Ohio, and of her sister Commonwealths—those
stalwart pioneers in the march of progress.
On the admission of Missouri into the Union
in 1820, and on every other occasion when at-
tempts have been made to extend the blighting
influence of the slave power, the Senators and
Representatives of Massachusetts have ever en-
deavored to assert the principles of civil and reli-
gious liberty. Rightfully, manfully, nobly, have
most of them stood forward to express the opin-
ion of their constituents, even though they have
been menaced, derided, and censured for their
inextinguishable love of freedom. Nor has any
one of these gentlemen (able and eloquent as
many of them have been in maintaining the rights
of those whom they represented) equaled the
talented ex-Representative of the Essex north
district, now Attorney General of the United
States. His " opinions" should surely pass cur-
rent with the supporters of the present Adminis-
tration, and to their attention would I respectfully
commend the speech made by the Hon. Caleb
Cushing,on the floor of this House, in February,
1837. It can be found in the second part of the
thirteenth volume of Congressional Debates, and
is allowing, brilliant defense of his native State,
which I would like to see circulated throughout
the Union at this very time. I shall content
myself with quoting two paragraphs, which have
a direct bearing upon the momentous questions of
the day. " Gentlemen, "said the honorable Attor-
ney Greneral,
" Denounce, in no measured terms, the distinguishing
opinions of Massachusetts on the subject of this great ques-
tion of public liberty, incidental to the resolution before us.
They err most egregiously, if they believe that such opinions
are exclusively peculiar to Massachusetts or to New Eng-
land. Those opinions prevail quite as extensively in the
great States of New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, for
example, as they do in New England. They are, indeed,
opinions of elemental right, lying at the very bottom of all
the political institutions of the country. It may be that
such opinions are more strongly held, and more universally
understood, in New England, than elsewhere in the United
States. 1 may not deny it. Deny it? I glory in tbe fact.
It is the proof and the result of our old and persevering
dedication to liberty.
" Gentlemen talk to us of these our great fundamental
rights—as tbe freedom of speech, of opinion, of petition—
as if they were derived from the Constitution of the United
States. I scout such a doctrine. If there were a drop in
my veins that did not rebel against the sentiment, it would
be bastard blood. Sir, I claim to be descended from the
king-killing Roundheads of the reign of Charles I.; through
a race of men not unremembered in peace or war; never
backward in the struggles of liberty; a family, upon the
head of a member of which the first price of blood was set
by Great Britain, in revenge for his early devotion to the
cause of independence. I venerate their character and
their principles. I am ready to do as they did—to abandon
all the advantages of country, home, fortune, station—to fly
to some western wilderness, and to live upon a handful of
parched com and a cup of cold water, with God's blessing
on honest independence—sooner than I will surrender one
jot or tittle of those great principles of liberty which I have
sucked in with my mother's milk. I disdain to hold thesa
lights by any parchment title. The people of the Common-
