2066
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
fore I apply to the Senator from Maryland to
inform me on one point. As far as I have under-
stood the subject from the debate, the Government
entered into a contract with Mr. Stevens to build
tlus steamship for a stipulated sum, $,586,000; of
winch stipulated sum there remains to be paid the
amount he proposes to strike from this bill, not
to bo paid immediately, but to be paid when the
ship is submitted' to the Government, arid ready
for service. 1 understand that a further stipula-
tion of the contract is that, if the ship should not
be found to comply with the terms of the contract,
that is to say, to b6 available as a steam-battery,
the contractor is to refund the money. I under-
stand these to be the terms of the contract.
Mr. PEARCE. I understand that to be so> I
have not seen the contract, but presume it to be so.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I can say
of my own knowledge, that is the contract.
Mr. MASON. And the money is to be re-
funded if the ship does not comply with the terms
of the engagement.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. Yes, sir.
Mr. MASON. I learn from the honorable
Senator from Maryland, that the Government has
already paid to the contractor $500,000 upon the
terms of the contract, and what is now proposed
to be paid is the residue of the stipulated sum
under the contract. Now, Mr. President, from
my experience in the affairs of this world, it is
very seldom indeed that anything is received from
securities; but if we refuse on our part to comply
with this contract, it is certain nothing will be
recovered. The slightest excuse—the very least
impediment the Government thiows m the way,
will discharge tin; contractor from all obligations.
Whether this ship will turn out to he what the
contract proposed or not, 1 do not know; but it
is very certain that, if we refuse to appropriate
the money which the contract culls for, we shall
never be reimbursed if the experiment turns out
to be a failure. I am informed that the §86,000
which the Senator proposes to strike out is part
of the original sum stipulated in the contract, and
that, although we appiopriate it now, it is not to
be paid until the results are ascertained. Then,
I submit to the Senate, as a question of economy,
without knowing anything about the probable
results of the engagement, whether it would not be
better to appropriate the money, which is a part
of the original contract price, which is not to be
paid until the result is ascertained, than to refuse
it,and give to the representatives ot'the contractor,
who 1 understand is dead, a plea which will hold
before a jury to refuse to reimburse the Govern-
ment, if the experiment should faiP
Mr. BAYARD. As I understand it, this re-
commendation comes from the Navy Depart-
ment, and has been adopted by the committee of
the House. If there win reason on the part of
the Government for abandoning the contract and
refusing to make the appropriation, 1 presume
the Secretary of the Navy would have informed
the House. That would be in the line of his
duty. Why should he not have done so? If
there was any reason for us to pnuse in the pay-
ment of the money, would not tin4 Secretary of
the Navy have so reported to Congiess? For
one, 1 can sav f entertain precisely the sumo
opinion of the late Robert L. Stevens as All*.
Calhoun did. 1 think he has had few, if any,
equals in tins count)y m ins occupation, lie
was a man not only of genius, but of practical
character; and for my own p.ui, I bell, \o that, if
the thing can be accomplished, there is no man
who hus ever lived m this country more cer-
tain to accomplish it—no man who was a man of
genius with less of mere theory m his character
and his intellect. His character gives me con-
fidence that what he undertook will be accom-
plished.
When you look to the result, if it can be ac-
complished, is it not worth more than the hazard
of breaking the contract by refusing to appro-
priate ^G,000r If you can secure a means of
def( ns<_ like thi.3 (without entering into the ques-
tion of (he power of fixed batteries to leSist a
Vtrse!) v. i:1 ) will bo < ■'feetivo in future, in your
e.oumvy to the neatest city of the Union* and
iMu.-i d io other cities—for, if you once establish it,
jr Vv'ul be applicable to all the cities of the Union
e\'; osed to attack—-1 think the experiment is of
great importance. 1 think the gentleman who
engaged in the experiment engaged in it with no
pecuniary views, but as a matter of high reputa-
tion. I think he had genius, and piactical capa-
city, and knowledge to carry out the experiment
on which he entered, and 1 am, for my own part,
disposed to sustain that experiment to the utmost
limits to which faith can go.
Mr. KUTLER. 1 have listened to this debate;
and the whole range of it, I think, has eluci-
dated v^ry clearly the idea of my veteran friend
from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] who was somewhat
familiar with shipping during the war of 1812.
I concur in his legal views entirely, and shall vote
with him.
Mr. PEARCE. I shall not trouble the Senate
further. I am certain there is no member of the
Senate present who will live long enough to see
the end of this experiment, so that none of ua
will be able to establish our prophetic characters.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to strike out the
following:
For preparing the American Nautical Almanac, $25,-
732 64.
If I can have the ear of the Senate for a mo-
ment I will give a reason for this amendment. If
it is in order I will substitute the following:
That the Secretary of the Navy cause the Nautical Al-
manac to be prepared at the Washington Observatory.
t will say to the Senate, who have not watched
the Nautical Almanac perhaps as I have done,in
connection with other naval matters, that the
appropriations for itcommenced m 1850. In 1849,
on an appropriation bill, we made a provision that
an officer should be detailed to report on the Nau-
tical Almanac. In 1850 we appropriated $12,850,
and that prepared it. In 1859 we appropriated
' $12,850, and that prepared it. In 1852 we appro-
> priated £19,400, and that prerjarcd it. In 1853 we
i appropriated again #19,400. In 1854 we appro-
; prwted $20,800, and last year £20,880, and this
year we are called upon to appropriate $25,732.
It has gone on, therefore, from an appropriation
of $12,850 to double that, over $25,000. I know
no reason why the Nautical Almanac cannot be
j prepared at the Observatory. We are paying
i large, extravagant sums for instruments, and have
j detailed there an entire corps of mathematicians,
j We have twelve professors of mathematics in
| the Navy, six at the Observatory, and six at the
| Academy, besides a host of scientific officers
{ doing duty there. I see no reason why the Scc-
! retarv of the Navy should not order it to be done
i there.
j Mr. PEARCE. Before making this transfer
1 of the Nautical Almanac to the Observatory,
; gentlemen should show that they have some one
\ there who is competent to conduct it. I have
witnessed for some time a tendency in this Ob-
I servatory to extend its arms, like some huge
: Briareus, all around, and to grasp at everything,
i If it does arrogate to itself all the merit and ail
j the science of the country, it seems to me that it
j is not entitled to such credit; indeed, it may be
• doubted whether, with its force of professors,
I lieutenants, and extra officers of every sort and
j description, it is really conferring on the country
; thai scientific reputation which some gentlemen
j seem to be seeking to secure for it. At all events,
! nothing has been (lone by its head, or any of its
I arms, entitling it to supersede an establishment
; over which is already a gentleman practically
; conversant with, and competent to, this work,
i which, I venture to say, Mr. Maury, at this
time, is not; although I admit his cleverness in
1 many respects. 1 sec no reason for transferring
I it from a competent man who is discharging his
j duty, not only with accuracy and fidelity to us,
j but in such a manner as to earn the applause of
1 scientific men everywhere, in order to give it to
I another establishment which we may, in this very
| manner, be teaching to claim all the merit and all
the science of the country.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Will my friend
allow me ?
Mr. PEARCE. No, sir; 1 fear I shall getinto
a sail further difficulty. 1 hope the gentleman will
spare me. I really forgot the interest he had taken
in the Observatory. 1 should have s.iid nothing
about the Observatory at all, but for this proposi-
tion, which looks very much like an attempt to
grasp everything. Not content to leave the im-
portant duty of the Nautical Almanac where it is
well performed, and would not cost a cent more,
it is now proposed to give it to an institution
which will shortly declare itself to be overworked,
if it has not done so already; aud which, looking
back to its early history, when it began as a
depot of maps and charts, may be said to be
somewhat overgrown. Dropping this unpretend-
ing title, it grew to be a naval observatory, and
now rejoices in the title of "National Observato-
ry.*' I know not how much printing it has every
year of wind charts and sailing directions; thougn
not much, I believe, of astronomical observations.
It has, as the Senator from Floiida says, hosts
of professors and attaches of every sort and
description engaged on wind and current charts.
I should be glad if any gentleman could explain
one of these to me, and show its practical appli-
cation, notwithstanding all the talk about it. It
really seems to me, sir, this institution is becom-
ing overgrown. Whatever its merits may be, it
is unfortunate that there haj3 been so much
claimed for it. Nothing is more hazardous than
a false reputation; and I think it wdl be for the
true inleiest of the Obseivatory, and those con-
nected witn it, instead of heaping upon it, as
proposed, business that can be better done else-
where, to leave it as much opportunity as possi-
ble to perform its legitimate duties, which seem
now to be somewhat overlooked.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I object to any-
thing which occurs in the casual explanation of
the views to which Senators may give utterance,
that may do injustice to gentlemen connected
either with the Almanac at Cambridge, or with
the Observatory at Washington. I think we
are in danger of having some injustice done to the
well-merited reputation of both the distinguished
mathematician of the Navy, who has charge of the
Almanac at Cambridge, and Mr. Maury, who is
at the head of the Observatory. It is very easy
to perceive the gentlemen differ widely in their
sentiments. I suggest now to my honorable
friend from Florida, whether, with regard to the
subject of the Almanac, we had better not defer
it to another session. I believe that is not recom-
mended by the committee; and I hope he will not
persist in his proposition now suddenly, without
any investigation, without the committee coming
to any conclusion on the subject, to change the
course of procedure in relation to the Nautical
Almanac, and place it in the hands of the Observ-
atory, when one distinguished Senator (compe-
tent to be a judge, 1 admit,) says there is no
ability and capacity there 
Mr. WELLER. He did not say that.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. He said there was
no competency in the Observatory.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not say there is no ability
there; but I say the requisite ability is not to be
found in the head of that establishment, though
he is a very clever man.
Mr. BElL, of Tennessee. Now, I hope the
Senator from Florida will really withdraw his
motion.
Mr. MALLORY. This is a very harmless
amendment. I moved to strike out these three
lines, and I had no idea it contained the germ of
which we have seen the growth here. There is
no ground for dispnre between my honorable
friend from Maryland and myself, for in much
that he has said i entirely concur; and he is mis-
taken if he supposes I would attempt here to in-
stitute a comparison between the relative capacity
of the officers of the Naval Observatory and those
having charge of the Nautical Almanac. I pass
no judgment on the abilities of Mr. Maury and
Mr. Davis. They arc both men of eminent sci-
ence, and I hope they are both competent to pre-
pare a Nautical Almanac; md I believe there are
several other gentlemen m the Navy competent
to perform this or any other duty, and that Mr.
Maury or Mr. Davis docs not engross the science
of the Navy. I have watched the Nautical Al-
manac. 1 have seen it grow up from $12,000 to
§25,000 a year, and I do not care whether the
country assigns it to Boston or Washington. It
will be done at either place; but 1 look at the
expense. I will not discuss it, but I will not
withdraw it, but I shall ask for the yeas and nays
or a division upon it.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to ask the Sena-
tor from Florida one question. If his amend-
ment prevails, will it reduce the expense of pre-
paring the almanac?
Mr. MALLORY. I presume,if the amend-
