1192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 12,
sion at that point. But I concur with the Post-
master General in the opinion that it was neces-
sary that Milwaukee should have accommoda-
tions beyond what are now provided for the post
office.
And let me say to those gentlemen who have
never visited Milwaukee, Chicago, Detroit, Buf-
falo, and other flourishing cities of the Northwest,
that they can have no idea of the progress, the
necessities, and.wants of those places. I know
it is but a few years since we first heard the
names of many of these places. But, sir, if gen-
tlemen will visit the western shore of Lake Mich-
igan, they will find there cities rivaling in extent,
in magnificence, in the character of their build-
ings, and in their commerce, many of the lead-
ing cities on the Atlantic coast. I recollect very
well going to the post office in Milwaukee last
fall. I then made personal inquiry into the mat-
ter, and I came to the same conclusion then that
the Secretary of the Treasury has come to now.
I think we ought to make this small appropri-
ation, which will place this building in the same
class in which it is proposed to place that of Chi-
cago, and in which we have placed that at Buf-
falo. I think, if gentlemen will examine the sub-
ject, they will concur with me that it will not be
an extravagant or improper expenditure of the
public money. And especially guarded as this
resolution is, requiring that a contract shall be
entered into for the completion of the entire work
within the amount of the appropriation hereto-
fore and now made, before any portion of the
money can be expended, I think the appropri-
ation is a proper and economical one, and that it
is wise that it should be made.
I do not wish to detain the House further. X
think it is due to the great Northwest that this
building should be placed in the class in which it.
is now proposed to place it.
Mr. WELLS. I think the House understands
this question as well as it can understand it, and
I therefore call the previous question on the en-
grossment of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be nut.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. McMULLlN. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. WELLS moved that the vote by which
the joint resolution was passed be reconsidered;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table; which latter motion was agreed
to.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the Uniteil States, by Mr. Sidney Weii.ster, his
Private Secretary, notifying the House that he
had approved and signed bills and joint resolu-
tions of the following titles;
An act (H. R. No. 303) creating Columbus, in
Kentucky, a port of delivery.
An act (H. R. No. 121) to surrender to the
State of Illinois the Cumberland road, in said
State.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 12) for enlarging
the custom-house, post office, and court-house at
Cleveland, Ohio.
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 3) relating to the
appropriation for the improvement of the harbor
at Sheboygan, Wisconsin.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a bill for the relief of
Norwood McClelland, master of the steamboat
JSew World; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
UNITED STATES TROOPS IN KANSAS, AGAIN.
Mr. ROYCE. I rise to a privileged question.
I his Side of the House had 110 objection to call-
ing on the President for the information called
for in the resolution which was passed a few min-
utes ago, but we object to the phraseology of the
resolution. It speaks of a "supposed Legislature"
of Kansas. J do not want this question decided
in that way by a resolution of the House, and 1
move, therefore, to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was adopted. If the phraseology
is corrected, there is no objection to calling for
the proposed information.
Mr. STEPHENS. 1 hope the gentleman from
South Carolina will withdraw the motion to re-
consider. I think it would be better to allow the
resolution to stand as it was passed.
Mr. BOYCE. No, sir; I do notwithdraw the
motion.
Mr. FLAGLER. 1 move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to say
something on the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to submit some remarks
before the vote is taken on the motion ^to recon-
sider.
Several Members called to order.
The question was then taken; and the motion
to reconsider was laid on the table.
DETROIT CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. WALBRIDGE asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a joint resolution
for enlarging the custom-house, courtrooms, and
post office at Detroit.
Mr. McMULLlN" objected.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved to suspend the
rules.
The question was taken; and two thirds not
voting in the affirmative, the rules were not sus-
pended.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. I ask the consent of the House
to have some time set apart, as is usual, for the
consideration of the territorial business. The
appropriation bills are before the committee as a
special order until they are disposed of. I pro-
pose, therefore, that the territorial business be
made the special order for the first Tuesday in
July, and from day to day until disposed of.
Mr. LANE. I h< >pe the gentleman will fix an
earlier day; say the fourth Monday of June.
Mr. GROW. The presidential conventions
meet in June, and I suppose there will be but few
members here, and that will probably be the time
for an adjournment to clean and fix up the Hall
for suiiimcr.
i Mr. IIAVEN. I hope an earlier day will be
fixed. I think that circumstances will enable us
to bring the session to a elose at the time men-
tioned by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. GROW. I am willing to fix any time,
according to the sense of the House.
Mr. LANE. 1 suggest the fourth Monday of
June. By that time the presidential conventions
will be over.
Mr. GROW. I accept that time. My resolu-
tion is now—
Tlmt the fomth Momlay of June be set apart for the
consideration of the ordmnry territoual business;, and every
day thereafter until the business is disposed of.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. GROW. I move to suspend the rules to
enable me to introduce the resolution.
The House was divided on the motion; and
there were—ayes 81 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BOCOCK. If the gentleman would amend
his resolution, and, as has been usual heretofore,
set apart a certain time for the consideration of
the territorial business, I do not think there would
be a single objection to his motion.
Mr. GROW. Then I modify my resolution
so that a week from, and inclusive of, the fourth
Monday of June, be set apart for the considera-
tion of said business.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays.
The rules were suspended for the introduction
of the resolution; and, being introduced, it was
adopted.
ELECTION LAW FOR WASHINGTON CITY.
Mr. GOODE. There is on the Speaker's table
a Senate bill " defining- the duties of commis-
sioners of elections in the city of Washington,"
which I now ask leave to have taken up and put
on its passage.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I object.
Mr. GOODE. I move to suspend the rules for
J purpose I have stated. Tne passage of the
bill is asked by everybody in the city; all parties
ask for it. The Intelligencer of this morning
urges its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
have the bill read ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES. Then I ask that it be read.
The bill was read in extenso. It is as follows:
Be it enacted, #c., That if any commissioner or other
person appointed to superintend municipal elections in the
city of Washington shall knowingly refuse to receive the
vote of a person possessing the legal qualification to vote
at such election, or shall m any other manner hinder or
prevent the legal exercise of the elective franchise m said city
of Washington, he shall, upon indictment and conviction
thereof before the criminal corn t of the District of Columbia,
be subject to imprisonment m the county jail for a period of
time not exceeding six months, and to a fine not exceeding
#200 in each case, at the discretion of the court, and shall
thoieafter be ineligible to any offiec under the city corpora-
tion, besides being liable in damages to the party whose vote
shall be so rejected.
Sec. 2. And he U further enacted, That the penalty pre-
scribed in the foregoing section of this act shall apply to any
commissioners or other person appointed to superintend
an election who may willlully and knowingly receive, or
permit to be received, the vote of any person 'not legally
authoiized to vote; and, also, to any person or persons who
may willfully distuib, molest, hinder, or interfere with,said
coinimsbioners while in the discharge of their duties, or
who may willfully disturb, molest, hinder, or interfere with,
any voter while at or going to the polls ; and, also, to any
person or pen sons who may vote illegally, or more than once,
at any municipal election. And in making the returns of
any election to the register of tiie city, the commissioners
or other persons appointed to superintend said election shall
also make a return of all the ballots cast on the occasion,
to be securely kept for a period of at least two years.
Sec. 3. And he it further cnacted, That in the joint meet-
ting ot the boards of aldermen and common council for the
appointment of commissioner of elections, as provided in
the sixth section of the act approved May 15, 1820, entitled
" An act to mcoi porate the inhabitants of the city of Wash-
ington, and to repeal all acts heretofore passed for that
purpose," no member of either board shall be entitled to
vote for more than two of the three commissioners to be
elected for each ward or election precinct; and m all cases
the three peir-ons having the highest number of votes shall
be declined duly elected.
Sec. 4. And 'be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duly of the ciry eoiporation to provide at least two election
precmcN in each waid, to appoint commissioners to super-
intend elections in the same, and to adopt such other regu-
lations as may be necessaiy to give full force and effect to
tins act.
Sec. .). And be it further enacted, That at all elections
to be held in the city of Washington for municipal officers,
the polls shall be opened at seven o'clock, a. in., and closed
at seven o'clock, p. m.; and that all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with this act are hereby repealed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES. I would ask the gentleman from
Virginia to vary his motion, and to make it a
moLion to proceed to the business upon the
Speaker's tabic.
Mr. GOODE. As friends differ upon this sub-
ject, I think we had better take the question upon
this particular motion, and see what the wish of
the House is.
Mr. WALKER. I wish only to say that I
think that in the third line of the first section of
the bill, the word "willfully" ought to follow the
word " knowingly," so as to make it read "know-
ingly and willfully refuse to receive the vote,"&c.
Mr. JONES. I svish to say that the friends of
the bill will not object to that.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas G9, nays 62; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Allison, Barksdale, Bell,
Benson, Bilhngliurst, Bliss, Bocock, Branch, Brenton
"looks, Burnett, Cadwalader, Caskie, Howell Cobb, Wil-
liamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell,
Elliott, English, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D.
tuller, Goode, Granger, Greenwood, Grow, Valentine B.
Horton, Hughston, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marxian,
Matteson, Maxwell, McCarty, McMulhn, Meacharn, Kilhan
Miller, Millson, Peck, Phelps, Richardson, Ruffin, San-
didge, Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith.
Stephens, Stewart,Talbott,Taylor,Thurstnn, Tyson War-
ner, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wheeler, Williams, Daniel
B. Wiight, and John V. Wright—69.
, NAVS~Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barbour, Bingham, Biad-
shaw, Bumnton, Burhngaine, Lewis D. Campbell Garble
Ezra Claik, dawson, Cox, Cragin, Culien, Cumback, Henrv
Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, Durfee, Edie, Ed-
wards, Eustis, Flagler, Gallowav, Giddmgs, Gilbert, J.
Momson Hams, Harrison, Holloway, Knapp, Kni«ht
Knowlion, Knox, Lindley, Humphrey Marshall, Morgan,
Morrill, Paine, Parker, Pennington, Pike, Pringle, Purvi-
ance, Puryear, Ready, Rieaud. Sabm. Sapp, Scott, Sneed.
Stanton, Stianahan, Thormgton, Todd, Trafton, Valk,
Walbndge, Waldron, Welch, Whitney, Woodruff, and
Woodworth—62.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. RICHARDSON stated that he had paired
