456
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 7,
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Geyer.
Senate.
wealth of Massachusetts, the people eveij State of this
Union, came into it in the full possession and fruition of all
these rights. We did not constitute this Government as
Se mSms of acquiring new rights, but for the protection
of old ones, which nature had conferred upon us; which
the Constitution rightly regards as preexisting rights; and as
to which all tlie Constitution does is to provide that these
rigMs neither you, nor any power on earth, shall alter,
abrogate, or abridge. They are rights of heaven's own
sivina We hold them by the supreme tenure of revolu-
tion. We hold them by the dread arbitrament of battle.
We hold them by the concession of a higher and broader
charter than all the constitutions in the land—the free dona-
tion of the eternal God, when he made us to be men.
These, the cardinal principles of human freedom, he has
implanted in us, and placed them before, and behind, and
around u«, for our guard and guidance, like the cloud by
dat and the pillar of fire bv night, which led the Israelites
through the desert. It is a liberty, native, inborn, original,
underived, imprescriptible, and acknowledged in the tjon-
stitutron itself, as preeminently before and above the con-
stitution."
In these significant paragraphs, Mr. Chairman,
we have the predominant impulse—the main-
spring, if I may so term it—of the Massachusetts
emigration to Kansas. Civil and religious lib-
erty, like the cloud by day and the pillar of fire
by night, has directed the course of those who
have gpne to settle in these fertile valleys. The
whole vocabulary of opprobrious terms appears
to have been exhausted in denouncing them, and ;
in calumniating those who have afforded them
" aid." But I feel conscious, sir, that they will
submit their territorial life to any ordeal of inves-
tigation; and I am equally confident, sir, that they
are nowise behind their neighbors of Missouri in
honesty, intelligence, industry, or bravery. They
are men of strong hands and stout hearts, accom-
panied and encouraged by women of pure and
elevated character. And they are equal, sir, in
jny humble opinion, to the most chivalrous and
refined members of any "first family" in the Old
Dominion.
The Massachusetts men in Kansas were not
driven from their pleasant homes by the impover-
ishing agriculture of their fathers, or by unkind
treatment; but they go forth loving sons from a
kind mother, bearing her benediction and her
principles. And in taking possession, as citizens
of these United States, of that virgin soil which
is our common heritage, they are animated by
that same Massachusetts spirit which led Adams
and Hancock not only to declare their rights, but
to maintain and defend them. They look onward,
in the broad path of public duty; and if impedi-
ments or conflicts are placed in their way, de-
pend upon it they will not flinch! Neither empty
threats nor flashing knives will affect their nerves.
Either can be met by them withoutshrinking, and
without exciting any other emotion than con-
tempt for their calumniators, and pity for the
weakness of those who threaten, yet have not
either the courage or the power to execute their
impotent edicts.
But a bugbear, sir, is ever held up when the
New England emigrants are mentioned. We are
told, sir, by way of proving their total depravity,
that they go armed with Sharpe's rifles! Is this a
Yankee notion? or has it been the case from the
first settlement of the Mississippi valley, that
every emigrant who went forth has taken a rifle
with him, and taken the very best rifle that he
could get? When Missouri was settled, sir,
would it have been fair to have made a to-do be-
cause some enterprising emigrants went there
with percussion-lock rifles, then just beginning
to supersede the old flint and steel ? Or would
you have expected Daniel Boone, when he first
explored the fertile slopes of Kentucky, to have
carried an antiquated match-lock, because "flint
and steel" was a "Yankee notion?" I fear, sir,
that gentlemen who are so fond of using this ex-
pression do not understand the definition of this
word " Yankee;" and for their benefit I will quote
from the speech of an honorable member of Con-
gress, made when a new State was asking for j
admittance. He told his fellow members, sir,
upon the authority -of time-honored tradition,
that—
«' During the revolutionary war, two citizens of Connec-
ticut were sent to New York to negotiate an exchange of
prisoners. At the table of the commander of the British
army, where these gentlemen were invited to dine, (not,
however, forany votes they had given,) the term ' Yankee'
was overheard in an under tone. Lord Howe, in a pleas-
ant manner, asked these gentlemen the meaning of the
term' Yankee' which he bad heard at his table, (casting a
look of reproof and censure upon some young officers from
whom it came.) The reply was—' It is derived from two
Indian words, signifying fVasp and Hornet, and w full of
meaning—the Wasp never abandons the citadel; the Hornet
drives the enemy from his borders.' "
Since the time when Captain Miles Standish
was appointed to teach the Puritans " the use of
arms, the citizens of Massachusetts have ever
held it as an axiom that " It is the first duty of
a freeman to be a good citizen; the second, to be
a good soldier;" not that they desire the blood-
stained laurels of the conqueror, or booty won
by the sword; but, depend upon it, sir, th^y will I
ever maintain that freedom for which their fathers
fought, and which they will ever defend. They
consider that the dedication of any large portion
of the community to the exclusive business of
bearing arms, is as adverse to the rights and inter- '
ests of the Republic as it is hostile to our com-
mon institutions and our common safety. And
what better proof of this could we have, sir, than 1
in the fact that a thousand able-bodied men have
been idling away the past six months at Forts i
Leavenworth and Kearney, waiting for a chance
to "crush out" freedom in Kansas " by authori-
ty?" I, sir, protest against this military interfer-
ence which is becoming so supreme, though I do
not believe that the American people will ever so
crouch to martial law as to make a provost-mar-
shall's guard superior to a sheriff's posse, or to
desecrate the parchment on which the I^claration
of Independence is written, by permittmg it to be
taken for a drum "head.
But, sir, the emigrants who went from Massa-
chusetts and other New England States to Kan-
sas, were not to be frightened by a few dragoons
or by an unauthorized militia force. The exigen-
cies of the times called upon them to stand up in
vindication of the great principles of freedom—to
grapple with executive arrogance—to contend
for the right ! They felt proudly conscious that
they had toiled to the mountain top, where the
land of promise was in full sight—and that the
sun of the next administration would rise in glory
over Kansas as freedom's home, or that it would
sink into the dark night of slavery. Nor is it
strange, sir, that every American not blinded by
sectional prejudice should wish them well, and ;
feel his heart throb with warm wishes for their
success. Such was the case during the Greek, and
the Polish, and the French, ana the Hungarian
revolutions—when our feelings were enlisted with
those distant people, and their war-cry of " lib-
erty," echoing in our breasts, went booming back
with " material aid," to cheer and to animate the
struggling sons of freedom. Nay, sir, what w s
the feelingwhen our fellow-citizens who had emi-
I grated to Texas, and there sought to establish a
i State, were threatened by an edict requiring an
unqualified submission to military despotism ?
An honorable Senator from Mississippi has an-
swered this question, sir; and truly applicable are
his remarks:
" They resisted the enforcement of this order, and never
would I have uttered a word in favor of their recognition
if they had not. Had they tamely submitted to such an act
of oppression, they would have been unworthy of the name
of Americans* Had they bowed their necks to the yoke,
and submissively yielded up their limbs to the chain, I would
never have voted to welcome them among the nations of
the free. Suppose the President of these United States
should enter the Halls of Congress, seize our persons, and
drive us from our seats, and occupy them with his crea-
tures ; suppose he should then send out a band of merce-
naries into Maryland, Virginia, and Pennsylvania, should
disarm our citizens, and demand of thein, with threats, an
unqualified submission to his absolute will: I ask whether
there lives a man so abject as not to resist ? No. I know,
all men know, that the people of those States would main
tain their freedom, or perish in the struggle. iThe citizens
of Texas have done just what would have been done, in
the like case, by citizens of the United States. We did so
in circumstances far less intolerable. The colonial oppres-
sion of the Government of Great Britain was mild, was
paternal, in comparison with the despotism that was sought
to be fixed on the necks of the citizens of Texas. Their
resistance of it was justified by all laws, human and divine."
I will not occupy the time of this House by
drawing a parallel between the people of Kan-
sas and the people of Texas. The wrongs of
each have been chronicled by others; and it is
to be hoped that one will be as successful as the
other in obtaining a full share in the blessings of
the Union. Others have stated the wrongs com-
mitted upon Kansas, and the attempts made to
hinder her actual citizens in erecting their temple
of State sovereignty. They are matters of record;
I and now we see the edifice in all its fair propor-
tions. The winds of partisan eloquence may
blow against it, the rains of political wrath may
descend, and the floods of executive power may
compass it about, but it will not fall,for its found-
ation is sure!
Let us welcome the State of Kansas, which
will come into this Union free and independent.
We need, sir, a fresh infusion of that sover-
eignty to check the encroachments of the Execu-
tive, and to infuse a new republican spirit into
our Government. We ask not an extension of
what all must admit to be a cloud upon our na-
tional shield, but we greet with joy a Common-
wealth which will acknowledge no obedience but
to God, and to the laws—a State where liberty
and justice, hand in hand, will uphold the escut-
cheon of freedom, surmounted by the glorious
stripes and stars.
Hail, then, to free Kansas, with her free schools,
her free press, her freedom of thought, her free-
dom of the priceless soul! Let the railroad and
the telegraph cross her slopes, instead of the buf-
falo ana the prairie wolf! Let the clang of the
Erinting-press, and the hum of the grist-mill, be
eard where but lately only the Indian's war-
whoop awoke the forest solitudes! Let those-
who have gone there, in good faith, erect an altar
to freedom, upon which they can swear—by the
distant homes of their fathers, and by the hopes
of their children—by the soil, beneath their feet,
and by that Jehovah in whom Ethan Allen put his
trust—that she will ever be true to the principles*
of civil and religious liberty!
KANSAS CONTROVERSY.
SPEECH OF HON. H. S. GEYER,
of missouri,
In the Senate, April 7-8,1856.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having under
consideration the bill to authorize the people of the Terri-
tory of Kansas to form a constitution and State government,
preparatory to their admission into the Union, when th y
have the requisite population—
Mr. GEYER said: Mr. President, my posi-
tion, as the sole representative of the people of
Missouri in this Chamber, will not permit me to
decline a participation in a debate which has no
other attractions for me. I engage in it, there-
fore, as a work of necessity rather than one of
taste and inclination. The circumstances under
which it was inaugurated indicate the purpose to
make political capital out of the disturbances in
Kansas, with a view to the pending elections,
State and Federal. In such a controversy I could
have no disposition to engage here in the Senate;
but the debate has embraced questions of endur-
ing interest, of the legislative history and power
of Congress in respect to the Territories, the con-
stitutional and political relations of the States
and people of this Union towards each other, and
their reciprocal obligations and duties, as well as
of the events in Kansas since the organization of
the government in that Territory. Upon some
of these topics I intend to address the Senate,
and especially on those which more immediately
concern the people of Missouri.
All agree that there have been disturbances in
Kansas, but we disagree as to their origin, nature,
and extent. The honorable Senator from New-
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] opened this discussion
by a bold denunciation of the President of the
United States as the instigator of mob violence
in Kansas. This' was followed by the Senator
from Massachusetts. [Mr. Wilson,] the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] and the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] in an attempt to throw
on the people of Western Missouri the entire
responsibility for these disturbances.
The subject having been referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories, we have two reports. That
of the minority is founded on theory, differing
from all others, and affirms that the acts of all
parties engaged in the disturbances were justifi-
able under the temptations presented by the Kan-
sas-Nebraska act; or, in other words, that the re-
sponsibility for all the acts of violence which hare
been committed or threatened rests with the Con-
gress which passed that act. Oil the other hand,
