1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2067
meiit prevails, the officer at the head of it will
continue. I should hope he would not be re-
moved from the charge. I presume Mr. Davis
would be continued; butinstead of using a private
observatory, and private computers, and private
observers, who are getting extra compensation
from us, we should employ professors of mathe-
matics in the Navy, and our naval officers, di-
rectly from their studies at Annapolis Academy,
fresh from astronomical observations, who would
peifonn the duty at a decreased expense. This
would seem to be natural, becausc it would be
employing officers already receiving salaries from
the Government.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from Florida
says he has watched the Nautical Almanac, and
seen the increased expenditure. I should like to
know whether he has made any inquiry to learn
the cause which led to the increased expense?
We ought to have some further information than
the mere fact of increased expense, for that may
be capable of explanation. Does he know how
it has originated—whether extravagance or other
cause led to the increased appropriations?
Mr. MALLORY. I have not and did not
deem it necessary. I made no charge of extrav-
agance. I presume the expenditure of $25,000 is
legitimate and proper, ana I presume if it was
$50,000 the gentleman in charge would satisfy
the Senate and the Department that the expenses
were legitimate and proper. The more the sum
is increased, the moie the reason is for taking it
from private computers, and putting it in the
hands of those already paid out of the national
Treasury for doing similar work. We have a
corps for that purpose, and numerous persons to
do it. If it cannot be done at all in the Navy,
that is another thing. I am confident it can, and
do not say so without having made some inquiry
on the "subject; and I believe if the Senate will
adopt the amendment assigning the duty here,
and'keeping the same officer in charge, the ex-
penses will be decreased. That is the sole object.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me that, when
estimates come here from the Department, you
must suppose the Secretary competent for the
performance of his duties; and if there was any
change necessary in the system under which the
Kautical Almanac is prepared, he would give us
some information; but it seems to me that, without
some more light than we now have, the change
ought not to be made. I am opposed to the
amendment, and I see no reason for it.
Mr. HALE. This Nautical Almanac is an old
acquaintance of mine, and I confess 1 am not at
alt pleased with the manner in which it grew vp
at Cambridge. This work was assigned to Mr.
Davis, several years ago. He was then a lieu-
tenant in the Navy. The Secretary came m year
after year, and asked for an additional appropria-
tion of the sum of $3,000 per year for this Nau-
tical Almanac. The Senate voted it down, and
refused to make the appropriation. This was
done year after year, upon direct and decided
votes; but by and by, when we came to look at
the hook of receipts and expenditures of the Gen-
eral Government, it appeared that, notwithstand-
ing these votes of Congress refusing this appropri-
ation, it was paid, and not only paid for one year,
but went back, and was paid to him for back years,
though Congress had, by an express vote, re-
fused to pay him at all. A call was made by the
Senate to know on what authority this $3,000 had
been paid to Mr. Davis; and the Secretary of the
Navy sent in answer that it had been paid by
virtue of the appropriations and the estimate for
the year. It appeared that, in the estimates for
the Navy Department, the Secretary had estima-
ted 5,3,000 a year, and the gross amount was
added up. Congress appropriated the gross
amount which he asked, but refused to make the
specific appropriation for this officer. Then the
Secretary of the Navy submitted it to the Comp-
troller to know whether, there being an estimate
for ^3,000, and Congress having given him the
whole amount he asked for, that authorized the
payment of the money; and the Comptroller, I
believe, who held his office for about nine months,
said it would; and upon that authority, in the
face of a direct vote of Congress, year after year
f-,3,000 was paid to this officer.
That is the beginning of this nautical almanac
business. It was said to be a very useful thing
for commorcc, and the captains of our merchant
I service; but I should like to know if there has
' been a single nautical almanac sold, or any de-
1 mand for it, in the merchant service ?
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will look at
the estimate, he will find a full explanation of the
cause. It is there said, " The work is gradually
growing into use; the number sold is greater
every year.''
Mr. HALE. It does not say how much greater.
It may be one last year, and two this.
Mr. WILSON. Three hundred and more of
the books were applied for which could not be
supplied.
Mr. HALE. The number of the Nautical Al-
manac is one thousand four hundred. It has
come into existence in this way, as will appear
by the published reports. That I will show; but
the Senator from Maryland shakes his head.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not.
Mr. HUNTER. I can read further from this
estimate; or will the Senator go on ?
Mr. HALE. I have not any choice. I would
rather hear the Senator than myself at any time.
Mr. HUNTER. The report says:
"I have also applied for the fnejnis 01" publishing new
editions of the almanac as required. TUe woikis gradually
growing into use ; the nttmbci sold is greater every year.
IE is impossible to foresee the demand, and therefoie itnuist
be supplied ,-i- created. 1 introduced tins subject in ni\ last
repoil, and have had occasion to bung it to the notice ot'
the Depaitnicnt more than once duung the year. Aseeond
edition loi 18.jG has been issued under your autlionty; still
it has been neeessaiy to refuse repeated oiders, one of
winch was foi three hundred copies.
1 lespeetfuliy surest, in the fii<t place, that it is very
desirable to keep oui almanac constantly m the market, to
prevent the necessity of resorting to the iepubheation of
the Biitish ; and, 111 the second place, that any money ex-
pended in tins way is constantly returned into the Treasury,
care being taken not to altow the new editions to ovenun
the demand."
Mr. HALE. I am glad to hear it; but now
the question is, whether there is any necessity for
this being done at a private establishment, when
we have an establishment of our own, where it
can be done at much less cost. I never knew the
reason or occasion why, when we had this depot
of charts and as fine a set of instruments as there
are in the world at our own Observatory, we need
go to the expense of having a private establish-
ment at Cambridge to do this work, which ought
to be done here. I am glad to hear the remarks
of the Senator from Florida, for I am no great
friend of the Observatory. This is a naval en-
gagement in which I should like to see both beat;
but I should like to see the one at Cambridge
beat first, which has grown up illegitimately, and
then, if theie is anything wrong m the National
Observatory, correct it; but it seems to me there
is an inconsistency in our course. When wc
have a royal observatory, and officers of the
Navy paid to do this work, we should go there
for it, and not to a private establishment at Cam-
bridge, and hire private individuals to do this
duty which it is intimated our own scientific
corps cannot do. If the appropriation for making
this almanac in Cambridge is to be continued on
the ground intimated by the Senator fiom Mary-
land, that our own scientific men arc not compe-
tent to do it, let it be known; and if that be the
fact I think it will be manifest that the late retiring
naval board did not do their whole duty. If we
have men in this scientific corps who are not com-
petent to do the duty assigned them, I hope this
thing will be stopped. I am against all these pri-
vate jobs. I am against going to private places to
have public business done, when we have proper
public places where it ought to be done. Why not
go down to Boston, in some private ship-yard, to
build a ship, instead of taking it to our own navy-
yards? Wily not go to some other places than
the national armories for the manufacture of our
guns and ordnance, instead of going to the public
places we have established for the manufacture
of such things ? If we have got this Observatory
here, and men to do the work, let them do it, unless
they are incompetent, and if they are incompe-
tent, let us break up the whole thing. I hope the
amendment will prevail.
Mr. PEAR.CE. I am very much obliged to
l the Senator for this thrice-told tale. He has
! given it to us at least 
j Mr. SLIDELL. May I be permitted to state
I that the chairman of the Committee on Naval
I Affairs has been called home by the sudden indis-
| position of a member of his family, and he has
! requested me to take charg« of this bill? I have
consulted with the other.members of the com-
mittee, and with their assent I am prepared to
withdraw the amendment. I do not' think the
Senate is sufficiently informed on this subject.
Mr. PEARCE. I am satisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended j
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I rise to make an
explanation for the information of the parties
concerned, why I did not move an amendment
which I was authorized to do by the Committee
on Naval Affairs. I do not feel myself bound,
unless the committee, under the present circum-
stances, require me to move it. It is to make an
appropriation for the purpose of buying the great
circle-protractor, invented by Professor Chauve-
net. I will not offer it now with the temper and
disposition I find manifested by the Senate, until
I see some different dispositions prevailing on
questions of that description.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is very evident that no
amendment of the sort can be added to this bill.
It will be an idle consumption of time. *
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is my own
opinion. At this time the Senate is not prepared
to act as I would wish.
Mr. PRATT. I think it is only evident that
improper amendments will not pass; but the one
suggested by the Senator from Tennessee will, I
think, meet with favor.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should like to
know if the honorable Senator from Virginia
has any information he relies upon that we are
to have a bill in which the Senate can be left at
liberty to take some time in the consideration of,
and to exercise a proper discretion, when we
shall not be hedged around by the difficulties
which now exist to offering an amendment to a
general appropriation bill? I understood him to
say there was to be a miscellaneous bill.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a miscellaneous or
civil appropriation bill coming up. I understood
that the House was going to send up an addi-
tional navy bill. I do not know how true it is,
and 1 cannot answer.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have seen that
it is useless to offer the amendment now; and I
make this explanation to those who may take an
interest in it.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
was read the third time, and passed.
NEW FORTIFICATIONS.
Mr. WELLER. 1 move that the Senate take
up bill (S. No. 130) providing for the construc-
tion of new fortifications. It was under discus-
sion four or five weeks ago, and has laid on our
table ever since. I am anxious to have the bill
disposed of. It is reported from the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. STUART. There is a bill reported from
the Committee on Indian Affairs very important
to constituents of mine, which I know the Senate
will pass without discussion, and which I hope
the Senate will take up.
Mr. WELLER. I was desirous of getting up
this bill, so that it would come up to-morrow as
the unfinished business. I have no idea that it
will consume more than two or three hours.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope not, because I want
to bring in the miscellaneous or civil bill then,
and I hope we shall finish it.
Mr. WELLER. I find the Senator from Vir-
ginia always in my way. I am now represent-
ing the Committee on Military Affairs. I con-
sider these additional fortifications necessary for
the defense of the country, and I shall insist on
that bill being disposed of. I do not know that a
bill becomes of less importance because it does
not come from the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded,as in Committee ofthe Whole,to consider
the bill.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask leave to
submit the following resolution, and have action
on it now:
Resolved, Thatthe Committneon Commerce inquire into
the expediency of making an appropriation for the con-,
struetion of a building at Nashville, Tennessee, for a custom-
house, post office, and United States court-rooms.
That is in discharge of a duty I have hereto-.
