1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
committee to it, not doubting; at all their intention
to act and to bestow on this matter all the consid-
eration, personal and official, which it is properly
entitled to. I may venture to say, however, that
1 believe the committee will find, if they proceed
with the investigation of this constitutional ques-
tion, that as often as it has occurred—and it has
occurred heretofore—it has been decided by the
Senate, Every question involved in this case, I
think, has been decidcd except one, and that
seems to me be to too clear for doubt, even upon
the constitution of Illinois itself.
Mr. TOUCEY. I have the honor to be a
member of the Committee on the Judiciary, and
I am free to acknowledge that, in my mind, there ;
is no question more important that can be pre-
sented than the validity of the State constitution
in this case. If it comes in conflict with the
Constitution of the United States, itis void. For
one, I desire to investigate the matter fully, and
to decide it rightly; and I confess that, upon this
point, I have not finished my investigations. At
the same time, as a member of the committee, I
shall be anxious to bring the matter to a decision
at as early a day as possible. I may venture,
however, to suggest, that it is a grave matter to
decide here that the constitution of a State is not
a valid constitution in regard to any one of its
provisions. It is a question that ought not to be
disposed of hastily.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it is, per-
haps, due to the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, that I should remark
that he did express to me a disposition to have
this matter called up at an early day, and he will
also doubtless remember that I desired that he
should do so, and expressed to him a wish that
he would call the committee together, and have
the subject disposed of. I considered that it was
due to the State which sent me here, and due to
myself, if there were any question about my right
to hold a seat, to have it settled at once. As a
matter of course, however little I might think of
the question which is raised, if others suppose
there is anything serious in it, it makes it indeli-
cate for me to be sitting here; and I have certainly
no desire to retain a seat m this body for one mo-
ment, unless 1 am properly entitled to it.
The Legislature of Illinois has sent me here.
If the Senate believe that the Legislature of Illi-
nois do not understand their own constitution—
that they have stultified themselves, and do not
know their own rights, but have misunderstood
them, and sent here a person who has no right to
be here, I wish that decision to bo made at an
early day. If the local tribunals of the State,
who are supposed best to understand the mean-
ing of their own constitution and their own laws,
have misconstrued and misunderstood them, and
itis proper to set aside their decision, I think it
due to the State, as well as to myself, that it
should be done at an eaily day. 1 do not know
that there is any such disposition here, but what-
ever may he the feeling, I think it is right that the
question should be brought to a decision.
It may turn out that there is no constitutional
question involved in this case. In the opinion of
the Legislature of the State of Illinois, no such
question was involved. They, I presume, did not
suppose that the constitution of Illinois had any
application to my case. I have already stated
upon the floor of the Senate that I had been out
of office for a year and a half when I was elected
to this body. The constitution of the State of
Illinois declares a judge of the Supreme Court in-
eligible to other offices during the term for which
he was elected. The term for which I might have
held the office, it is true, had not expired. I held
the office of judge altogether about five years. I
was twice elected to hold it. I was elected for
nine years at the second election, but under that
election I did not hold the office long. I resigned,
and had been out of office for a year and a half,
when I was chosen to this body. Unquestion-
ably, therefore, the spirit of the constitution of
the State of Illinois docs not apply to my ense,
though it is possible that its letter may. I am not
disposed to argue the matter at all.
But however much there may be in all these
questions as to the intention of the people of
Illinois m their State constitution, to affix a qual-
ification for United States officers, or whether it
was intended simply to apply to State officers, I
io not wish to enter into or aigue them. I will
say now, however, as I have tlie floor, and as it
has been suggested by the honorable chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary, that the com-
mittee were ready to hear me on this matter, that
I have no desire in the world to be heard before
the committee. I am entirely willing to leave the
matter with them. There is no dispute about the
facts. There are no facts to be inquired into. 1
am entirely willing that the committee shall takej
the case and decide upon it. They are lawyer!^
constitutional lawyers, who understand the ques-
tion thoroughly. I only wish that it may be
early decided, and I think I have a right to ask
that. Nothing more do I desire.
Mr. TOUCEY. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question for information? I desire to
know whether there has been any decision of any
court of the State which he represents, to the ef-
fect that that provision in the State constitution
incapacitating judges of their higher courts from
being electcd to other offices for the term for which
they were chosen, and one year thereafter, is void
as coming in collision with the Constitution of
the United States?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There has been a decision.
Mr. TOUCEY. Has there ever been any judi-
cial decision ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There has been no case
involving that question before the courts judi-
cially.
Mr. TOUCEY. That is all I want to know.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state to the gentle-
man, however, the fact, that the chief justice of
the supreme court of Illinois was taken from his
place, and appointed, by the President of the
United States, a Federal judge for the southern
district of the State of Illinois, and was confirmed
by the Senate at its last session. He was taken
immediately from the bench of the State, and is
holding the office at the present time.
Mr. TOUCEY. I would suggest to the hon-
orable gentleman that that is not a case at all in
point. The constitution of the State declares that
votes given under the circumstances I have stated
shall be void, and incapacitates the Legislature
from choosing a judge to any other office during
the term for which he was chosen, and for one
year thereafter. Thepointof difficultyis, whether
it was competent for the people of the State to
withhold from the Legislature that power? I
mention it in frankness to the honorable gentle-
man, that he may have an opportunity to meet
that question before the committee in any form
that he may choose. It is one that creates some
doubt, and it is being investigated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By the permission of the.
Senate, I will reply to the gentleman's suggestion
in a moment. I presume the Senator from Con-
necticut is aware that the Constitution of the
United Stales gives authority to the Legislatures
of the States to elect Senators. Can the people
of a State limit that authority ? I heard the gen-
tleman from Connecticut himself make an argu-
ment, the other day, to show that it was not in
the power of Congress to limit the authority of
the President of the United States to appoint
whomsoever he pleases to office. He placed him-
self upon the ground, that it was a constitutional
power of the Executive, which could not be lim-
ited by Congress. Is that so? Well,'sir, where
did the President get the power to appoint to office
whomsoever he pleases? From the Constitution
of the United Status. Where did the Legislature
of Illinois got the power to elect whomsoever it
pleased to the Senate? From the Constitution
of the United States. You cannot limit the Pres-
ident's power of appointment, says the gentleman.
Then, can you limit the power of the Legislature
to choose a Senator? The power to elect a Sen-
ator is not inherent in a State; it is derivative from
the Constitution of the United States. Can the
people of the State of Illinois elect a Senator?
Can all of them together electa Senator? Surely
not. Then, if the people cannot elect a Senator,
can a convention of the people eL-ct a Senator?
Certainly not. Why not? Because tin* Consti-
tution of the United States has said that the Legis-
lature shall choose the Senators. The Senator
from Connecticut says the President of the United
States can appoint to office, and you cannot limit
his authority to appoint whom he pleases. Then,
how can you limit the power of the Legislature
to choose a Senator? I should like to know the
diffidence in principle.
Mr. TOUCEY. Does the Senator put an in-
quiry to me ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr.-TOUCEY. I would say, Mr. President,
that I did not intend to debate this question here.
I understood the honorable Senator to say that
this matter had been decided io Illinois, and my
inquiry was addressed to him for the purpose of
eliciting information in regard to any decision
which had been made in the courts of Illinois upon
the subject. I have not myself formed an opinion
upon it; but I desire to investigate it, and to
arrive at a correct conclusion. It was not my in-
tention to suggest any doubt with regard to the*
gentleman's right to sit here, nor to enter into a
debate with regard to it; but, supposing that he
alluded to some decision of the courts of Illinois,
I desired him to point me to such a decision.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The decisions to which I
alluded were the practice of the State, the prac-
tice of her judges in taking office, and the prac-
tice of her Legislature. I referred to the instance
of the chief justice of the State having recently
taken office under the United States. Sir, this
is a legislative question, and I say the Legislature
of Illinois has settled it so far as it could. If the
Senator calls for a decision, I may state further,
that this practice has been acquiesced in by the
people of two congressional districts, who have
selected their Representatives in the other House
from judges. It has been acquiesced in by the
Legislature of the State, and by the judges of the
courts of Illinois. I am free to admit, however,
that no case has arisen for judicial decision in-
volving this question. I suppose the Legislature
is the proper tribunal to pass on it.
But, sir, I do not design to argue the point; I
merely rose to state, in reply to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
who suggested that he hod notified me at an early
day that it would be taken up—that all I desire is,
that it shall be taken up, and brought before the
Senate, and disposed of.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Without entering into the
merits of this question, or intimating the slightest
opinion upon it, but reserving my judgment until
the report of tlie committee shall be received, I
feel it due to the occasion to say a word or two.
This case arises under a clause of the new con-
stitution of the State of Illinois, which was adopt-
ed m 1847. There was not a similar clause in the
old constitution. I am not aware that any case
has ever arisen in Illinois, in which this provision
of the constitution has been decidcd or brought
in question, or of any case in which it could oy
possibility be decidcd. Itis true,as my colleague
says, that in two congressional districts of Illi-
nois. at the last election, two judges were elected
to the other House, my colleague being one of
them, and Judge Marshall the other. The seats
of both those gentlemen are contested on this
very ground. These are the first instances that
have ever arisen under the provision involved in
tins case. The meeting of the present Congress
was the first time when it was possible to raise
the question.
I desire, therefore, to say, that this is an open
question; that no decision has been given on it
by the people of Illinois, or by any tribunal in
Illinois, or by any tribunal anywhere which could
possibly have a right to express an opinion oil
the subject. Being now presented, the House of
Representatives will act on the case there, as an
original question, it never having been decided
by any tribunal; and the Senate must act on it
here, as an original question, there never having
been any decision on it in Illinois or elsewhere, so
far as I know. This is all I desire to say.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I stated to the Senate, a
few moments ago, that the question had never
arisen m any court. 1 said, however, that the
Legislature of Illinois had decided the question
by my election to this body. This question was
very well understood there. The members of
the'llhnois Legislature were sworn to support the
constitution of that State; and they acted with a
full knowledge of the obligation resting upon
them. This is not a question that would be likely
to arise in a court of justice; and if the Senator
from Connecticut, or my colleague, understood
me to intimate auything of that kind, 1 was mis-
understood, 1 made no such intimation. The
question was raised in Illinois; and, during the
canvass in Judge Marshall's district, to whom
