458
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 7,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Geyer.
Senate.
the southern States,and being; repealed, or, more
properly, declared " inoperative and void by a
constitutional act of Congress, it ceases to be a
precedent of any authority.
The legislation of Congress respecting slavery
in the Territories, embraced by the eighth section
of the act of 1820, is to be referred to the obliga-
tion of the supposed compact, and not to the
assertion of a constitutional power independent
of any compact. The prohibition of slavery
north of 36° 30' in Texas was by compact
between that State and the United States. Its
validity depends upon the power of Texas, and
not upon any independent act of Congress, under
the Constitution. On the other hand, the acts
for tj)e organization of New Mexico and Utah
are precedents against the exercise of the power j
claimed. _ '
The Senator from Iowa relies upon the acts of
Congress enabling the people of the respective
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, to form
constitutions; providing that they should not be
repugnant to the ordinance of 1787, as examples
of the legislative construction of the Constitution,
in favor of the power claimed over the Territo-
ries; but it is obvious that the clause in question
was intended only to recognize the obligation ot
the compact, and not the exertion of an inde-
pendent power under the Constitution, otherwise
it must be regarded as nothing less than an
•attempt to dictate a constitution, the assertion of
a power which no Senator here will attempt to
maintain.
There is, however, a precedent in which the
authority to dictate the provisions of a State con-
stitution was asserted by Congress, independent
of any compact, in the act of February, 1811,
authorizing the people of Louisiana to form a
constitution and State government, which pro-
vided that " the constitution shall contain the
fundamental principles of civil and religious
liberty, to secure the trial by jury, the writ of
habeas corpus, &c. That the laws should be
promulgated and the records kept; judicial and
legislative preceedings conducted in the language
in which such proceedings, &c., in the United
States are conducted and published." This ex-
ample of congressional legislation would certainly
not be regarded at this day as an authoritative
exposition of the Constitution.
Pending- the Missouri question, in 1819 and
1820, the Legislatures of the non-slaveholding
States, almost without exception, resolved that
Congress possessed the constitutional power; and
the Representatives of all of them almost unani-
mously voted to impose upon Missouri, as a con-
dition to the formation of a State government,
that slavery should be forev#r prohibited by the
constitution. No such power is claimed now;
it is referred to only to test the value of legislative
precedent in settling a question of legislative
power.
I admit that the cotemporaneous exposition
of the Constitutions, as well as laws, is of the
highest authority. The received interpretation
of the several clauses of the Constitution to which
the honorable Senator from Vermont referred,
however, is founded on cotemporaneous history,
not legislative precedents, or examples of legis-
lative construction. An act of Congress, where
the question of its constitutionality is fairly pre-
sented, fully considered, and directly decided, is
doubtless entitled to high consideration as a pre-
cedent; but it is by no means of conclusive au-
thority.
Having now shown that the constitutional
power asserted in the minority report is not main-
tained by cotemporaneous construction, I pro-
pose to extend the inquiry still further. The
honorable Senator from Vermont, in his report— j
the constitutional question being directly in the
way—makes a very summary disposition of it.:
Referring to the alleged practice of Congress, in !
settling the law on the subject of slavery in the
Territories by a clear provision prohibiting or tol-
erating it at discretion, the report informs us that
" This wag done by Congress in the exercise of the same
power which molded the lorin of their organic laws, and
appointed their executive and judiciary, and sometimes
their legislative officers. Xt was the power provided in the
Constitution, in these words:
"' Congress shall have power to dispose of and iflake all
needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or
other property belonging to the United States.'
" Settling tlie subject of slavery while the country re-
mained a Territory, was no higher exercise of power in
Congress than the regulation of the functions of the terri-
torial government, and actually appointing its principal
functionaries. This practice commenced with this national
Government, and was continued, with uninterrupted uni-
formity, for more than sixty years. This practical cotem-
poraneous construction of the constitutional power of this
Government is too clear to leave room for doubt, or oppor-
tunity for scepticism."
Mr. President, I have had occasion to examine
the subject, and believe I have traced to their
origin the errors into which many have fallen in
respect to the source and extent of the power of
Congress over the Territories. I have recently
fully discussed the question at large in another,
and,perhaps, a more appropriate forum. On the
present occasion I shall content myself with pre-
senting rather the heads of an argument, or state-
ment of propositions, than an elaboration of the
points.
It is not my purpose to deny the constitutional
power of Congress to institute temporary gov-
ernments in the Territories, establishing what
the Senator from Vermont appropriately terms
municipal corporations; and that is the whole
extent of power exercised in practice under the
Constitution prior to 1820. But I cannot agree
that the power of settling the law on the subject
of slavery in the Territories is vested in Con-
gress.
The power of Congress to organize municipal
governments for the Territories, has been claimed,
First. Under the power to dispose of, and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the
territory and other property of the United States.
Second. As resulting from the power to ac-
quire territory by treaty or conquest.
Third. As resulting from the fact that the ter-
ritory is within the United States, and not within
any State.
Fourth. Under the power, after the first of Jan-
uary, 1808, to prohibit the migration or importa-
tion of such persons as any State then existing
may think proper to admit.
Fifth. Under the power to admit new States
into the Union.
From whatever source the power is derived, it
is a power to create a corporation or temporary
government only, and does not carry with it su-
preme, universal, and unlimited power over the
persons or property of the inhabitants, nor author-
ize the abolition of slavery, or interference in
any form with the laws of property. I can find
authority, I think, for the establishment of a mu-
nicipal government, but none in the Constitution
of the United States giving power over persons
or property, which does not extend to persons and
property within the States as well as Territories.
The clause of the Constitution, article one, sec-
tion nine, in respect to the migration and impor-
tation of persons from abroad, was relied on as the
source of the power asserted in the Missouri con-
troversy. It was claimed that Congress possessed
the power to prohibit slavery in that State, as
necessary to the execution of the power to pro-
hibit the migration and importation of slaves; but
after the debate on that memorable occasion, I
know of no man who has ever looked to that
clause as the source of the power to prohibit
slavery in the Territories or elsewhere. There
have been some cases in which the subject has
been mentioned in the Supreme Court of the
United States, but the question of power never
decided. The first is the case of M,cCulIough vs.
Maryland,* decided in 1819, in which the argu-
ment is to deduce a power to incorporate a Bank
of the United States, under the general clause
giving to Congress power to pass all laws neces-
sary and proper to carry into effect the powers
granted by the Constitution; and in order .to illus-
trate the argument, the Chief Justice, delivering
the opinion of the court, said:
"' The power to make all needful rules and regulations
respecting the territory or other property belonging to the
United States,' is not more comprehensive than the power
' to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for
carrying into execution the powers of Government.' Yet
all admit the constitutionality of a territorial government,
which is a corporation."
This is the first intimation of the recognition
* 4 Wiieaton, 434.
of that power even to create a corporation. In
the case of the American Insurance Company vs.
Canter, decided in 1826, Chief Justice Marshall
delivered the opinion of the court; and he there
expresses some doubt as to the source of the
power to create even a territorial government.
He says:
" Until it becomes a State, Florida continues to be a Ter-
ritory of the United States, governed by virtue of that clause
(art. 4, sec. 3.) which empowers Congress to make all need-
ful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other
property belonging to the United States.
" Perhaps the power of governing a Territory may result
necessarily from the fact, tiiat it is not within the jurisdic-
tion of a particular State, and is within the power and ju-
risdiction of the United States.
" The right to govern may be the inevitable consequence
of the right to acquire territory
" Whichever be the source ffnni whence the power is
derived, the possession of it is unquestionable."
Afterwards the construction of the clause con-
ferring upon Congress the power to dispose of
and make all needful rules and regulations re-
specting the territory or other property of the
United States, was directly before the Supreme
Court in the case of the United States vs. Gratiot,
decided in 1840. Mr. Justice Thompson, deliv-
ering the opinion of the court, said:
" The term territory, as here used, is merely descriptive
of one kind of property, and is equivalent to the word
' landsand Congress has the same power over it as it has
over any other property belonging to the United States; and
this power is vested in Congress without limitation, and haa
been considered the foundation on which the territorial gov-
ernments rest."
That is, the subject of the power is property,
and the property only of the United States, not
that of inhabitants of States or Territories.
The minority report assumes that, under the
power to dispose of and make all needful rules and
regulations respecting the territory or other prop-
erty belonging to the United States, Congress may
not only organize municipal governments, but
possess a power absolute, universal, and unlim-
ited , over the local laws, the persons and property
of the inhabitants within any Territory within
the United States, and not within any State of
the Union. This, in my opinion, is agreat error,
which, I think, may be traced to the misappre-
hension , by commentators and others, of the opin-
ions of the Supreme Court which I have quoted.
In the commentaries on the Constitution by the
late Mr. Justice Story, the power to govern is said
to result from the power to acquire territory, and
that no one ever doubted the authority of Con-
gress to erect territorial governments within the
territory of the United States, under the general
language of the clause giving power to make
needful rules and regulations respecting the ter-
ritory or other property belonging to the United
States; that this power is clearly exclusive and
universal, and the legislation of Congress is sub-
ject to no control, but is absolute and unlimited
except so far as it is affected by stipulations in the
cessions or the ordinance of 1787, under which
any parC of it was settled; that the final result
of the vote which authorized the erection of the
State of Missouri seems to establish the rightful
authority of Congress, although not then applied,
to impose a restriction of slavery as a condition
of admission.
Chancellor Kent, in his Commentaries, seems
to have adopted the views of Justice Story. He
says:
" With respect to the vast territories belonging to the
United States, Congress have assumed to exercise over them
supreme powers of sovereignty." " Exclusive and unlim-
ited power of legislation is given to Congress by the Con-
stitution, and sanctioned by judicial decisions."
Now, it has been shown that, in no act of Con-
gress passed under the Constitution prior to 1820,
did Congress assume supreme powers of sover-
eignty. Municipal corporations were established
for the government of the Territories, and to this
extent only was the power of Congress recog-
nized by judicial decisions. There is no adjudged
case affirming the power to be exclusive and un-
limited.
The commentator, after quoting and remarking
upon the clause conferring legislative power over
the District of Columbia, proceeds:
" The general sovereignty existing in the Government 9t
the United States, over iu Territories, is founded on the
Constitution, which declared that Congress ' should have
power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regula-
tions respecting the territories or other property belonging
to the United States.'"
