1194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
lowing resolution from the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolved, Tliat there be printed one hundred thousand
copies extra of the agricultural portion of the Patent Offioe
report for tiie use of the House, and ten thousand extra
additional for the use of the Patent Office.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York takes precedence.
Mr. Wheeler's resolution was reported, as
follows:
A Joint Resolution in reference to the sufferers at the Cape
de Verde Islands.
Whereas, in consideration of the great destitution now
existing at the Cape de Verde Islands, the necessity which
demands that the inhabitants of tho^e islands should have
relief from the famine winch is now destroying them, the
deep sympathy their condition has excited in this country,
and the benevolent effbrtnowmakmg by our people to send
them immediate relief; Therefore,
Be it resolved, 4*e., That so soon as it shall be notified to
the President by any committee of citizens donating a cargo
of food for gratuitous distribution on those islands, that lie
be, and hereby is, requested to cause the Secretary of the
Navy to detail a crfiw lor the vessel provided for the trans-
portation of said cargo, not cxceedmg twenty-five seamen
and ordinary seamen, and to provide them with rations lor
four months, said crew to be detailed from any men in the
naval service on the requisition of the commander of the
vessel who shall be commissioned by the donors or commit-
tee of said donors to deliver said caigo at the inlands afore-
said.
Objection was made.
Mr. WHEELER moved to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing the jomt resolution;
• and called for tellers on that'motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then put; and there were,
upon a division—ayes 60, noes 3J; no quorum
voting. :
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly (at three o'clock and five minutes) ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 13, 1856.
The House metat twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
Tii e Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION".
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I gave notice
on Saturday, that when the speech of my col-
league should be in print 1 should, as a question
of privilege, ask the House to indulge me in a
few remarks which I wished to make in reply to
my colleague.
Mr. MORGAN. If the speech is to he limited
to a few minutes 1 will not object, but I will ob-
ject to all hour speeches out ol order, and replies
thereto.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. I hope ob-
jection will be withdrawn.
Mr. MORGAN. I have no objection to the
gentleman speaking twenty or twenty-live min-
utes.
The SPEAKER. Objection is withdrawn,
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, whether he
cannot as well make his speech, which I under-
stand will probably be a political one, in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
Mr. JONES. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to give me thirty-five minutes merely to
reply to the remarks of my colleague on Satur-
day; and I ask my friend from Ohio to allowme
to proceed now with what I have to say.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I will not object.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
I was somewhat surprised on Saturday last that
my colleague, (Mr. Fuller,] who obtained, as a
question of privilege, the unanimous consent of
the House to make a personal explanation of his
own position before the country on the great
leading questions of the day, should avail himself
of that same privilege to make a covert attack
upon the Democracy of Pennsylvania and her
leading men.
Whatever may have been the design of my
colleague, whether in self-defense or otherwise,
no man who heard him could arrive at any other
conclusion than that the latter part of his specch
was intended to place James Buchanan, of Penn-
sylvania, in a false position before the country.
I name this distinguished gentleman because it
is well known that he now stands prominently
before the country, presented by his own great
State, as a candidate for the Presidency.
As far as the position of my colleague upon
the leading national questions of the day is con-
cerned, I have nothing to say I leave that to
others. He is not a member of the Democratic
party. It is not responsible for his acts or opin-
ions, nor is he a recognized expounder of its
doctrines. Whatever may have been his posi-
tion formerly, or however it may conflict with
that which he holds at present, it is a matter
which does not concern the Democracy of the
country.
I can understand why my colleague should, at
this juncture, desire to square himself to his new
position as a national man by invoking the noble
name of James-Buchanan. Sir, it is the fashion,
in the new caste of parties in this Hall, to appeal
to great names as the authors and supporters of
great errors. George Washington has been quoted
here as a Know-Nothing by a perversion of one
of his military orders; Thomas .1 efibrson has been
introduced before us as the original inventor of
the higher law; and we have even been invited to
a feast, composed of obscure and dusty tradi-
tions, at which both Franklin and Madison have
been made to figure as modern Abolitionists.
May I say to my colleague that this practice is
much better honored in the breach than in the
observance ?
Nor is it my purpose either to allude to any of
the gentlemen named by my colleague, myself
included, or to explain their positions on these
questions; that is a matter which will take care
of itself. My purpose is to address myself en-
tirely to that portion of his remarks which re-
lated. to that distinguished Pennsylvania!), James
Buchanan.
I am deeply impressed with the idea that it is
a work of supererogation for me to come to the
rescue of the noble and glorious stand which the
Democracy of Pennsylvania has taken and main-
tained fearlessly and boldly before the country, in
every crisis where the Constitution or the Union
was assailed or endangered. I rail the attention
of the House and the country to the fact, that of
all the northern Slates there is none which has
confessedly been ingre undeviatimr in its defense
of national doctrines than the State which 1 have
the honor m part to represent. I say confessedly,
because the evidence of this is to be found, not
only m the tribute paid to the record of Pennsyl-
vania by the sound men of all parts of the Union,
but by the unceasing and reckless attacks made
upon the Democracy of that State for their per-
severance and fidelity in times of trial, in resisting
. the onsets of fanaticism, by the leaders of Abo-
litionism. Pennsylvania has always occupied
this position; and,standing as it were in the cen-
ter of the Union, between the North and the
South, she has been enabled to resist the advance
of Abolitionism, and to protect with her gigantic
energies and imposing example those institutions
which are constantly imperiled m the course of
political events. The record of the Democracy
of Pennsylvania is luminous. Its acts and deeds
nre known throughout the length and breadth of
the country. 1 should only mar that record and
j weaken its powerful force by even attempting to
1 defend it from assault from any quarter. For its
| high position before the country, for its long line
, of brilliant acts, known and recognized through-
■ out our glorious Union, we stand this day more
[ indebted to the firm, consistent, and fearless coursc
\ of James Buchanan than any other man living.
| Nor, Mr. Speaker, do f deem it necessary to
come to his defense; that is not my object. He
' is understood at this day, as I have already
1 stated, to be a prominent candidate for the Pres-
: idcncy, presented by his own great State with
unparalleled unanimity. In forty years of public
service, he has made a record which, I emphat-
ically say here, needs no vindication at my hands.
. Upon that record he now stands before the coun-
' try; but as public opinion, with great propriety,
j in an exciting crisis like the present, is neces-
| snrily drawn to a close and scrutinizing mvesti-
j gation of all the acts and opinions of public men,
| even to a misrepresentation of these opinions, I
I deem it necessary here, and in my place, and for
the last time, as far as I may be able, to settle
this matter, so far as it relates to Mr. Buchanan.
The public life and character of this distin-
guished gentleman is so completely identified
with the history of the Democracy of his native
State that it is impossible to separate them; and
I could not defend the one without defending the
other. My object now is, not so much even to
offer a defense of Mr. Buchanan as it is to expose
the charactcr of the covert attacks that may be
made upon his public life and political position „
designed to have an injurious effect upon tin
country at this particular crisis. In the other
wing of the Capitol he has been associated with
the ablest intellects of the day in supporting con-
stitutional principles. Sir, you recollect this as
well as I do; and I will not consume the time of
the House by rehearsing his record, familiar as
it is to the people of the country, but come at once
to the charge of my colleague, that in 1819 Mr.
Buchanan acted as the chairman of a committee
at a meeting held at Lancaster, Pennsylvania, in
which certain resolutions were adopted denounc-
ing the Missouri compromise. Those resolutions
are as follows:
u Resolved, That the Representatives in Congress fiom
this district be, and they are hereby, most earnestly re-
quested to u^e their utmost ciideavoin, as members of the
National Legislatme, to prfvext the existence of sla-
very in any of the Territories or States which may be
erected by Congress. •
u Resolved, That, in the opinion of this meeting, the mem-
bers of Congress who, at the la^t session, sustained the
cause of lustiee, humanity, and patriotism, m opposing the
introduction ot s-laverv into the States then endeavored to
lie foimcd out of the Missouri Territory, arc entitled to the
warmest thanks of every friend of humanity/'
If my colleague is as unfortunate in his allu-
sions to others, as I think 1 will be able to show
he has been to Mr. Buchanan, the speech which
he pronounced on Saturday will not add much to
his reputation. It is somewhat remarkable and
unfortunate for my colleague that, in a speech
made to vindicate his own character from a
charge founded upon a false and spurious docu-
ment, he should in the same speech rake up
against Mr. Buchanan a charge founded upon a
document equally false and spurious.
Now, sir, 1 am enabled to state, on unquestioned
authority, that the declaration, that JamesBuch-
anan was chairman of the committee which
framed those resolutions, is unfounded and un-
true. I undertake here, in my place, to say to
the House and the country, that Mr. Buchanan
did not report the resolutions referred to; that he
was not the chairman of the committee by which
they were reported; and that lie never saw them
until they appeared m print. But, suppose he
had reported them; suppose he had been chair-
man of the committee which reported them—I
appeal to the South to answer whether this fact
should stand against him with the long experi-
ence of his life before the country.
But, Mr. Speaker, this accusation belongs to the
class of idle reports invented, and now circulated,
to damage him in the estimation of the American
people. Sir, all these accusations, whether as-
| serted anonymously or publicly, arc triumphantly
I answered by the record of his public life.
j I do not deem it necessary,My. Speaker, to go
I into an examination of the other allegations of
• my colleague, m reference to Mr. Buchanan. So
| much stress seems to have been laid upon the
j particular charge which I have just answered,
that 1 Thought it worthy of this special notice.
As to the rest, 1 confess my astonishment that
| my colleague should have deemed it nccessary to
! refer to them.
All such accusations as these against Mr. Buch-
! anan are answered by thirty-six years of devotion
j to the Constitution of the United States,
j They are answered by the fact that, twenty
j years ago, in the Senate of the United States, he
| was among the first northern men to resist the
inroads of Abolitionism.
! They are answered by his opposition to the
circulation of insurrectionary documents through
; the mails of the United States among the slaves
! of the South.
They are answered by his determined support
of the bill admitting Arkansas into the American
Union.
They are answered by his eloquent support of
the bill admitting Michigan into the Union.
They are answered by his early support of the
annexation of Texas.
