1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1195
They are answered by his persevering support
of the fugitive slave law.
They ore answered by his energetic efforts to
effect the repeal of the law of the State of Penn-
sylvania denying to the Federal authorities the
use of her prisons for the detention of fugitive
slaves.
They are answered by his early and unyield-
ing opposition to the Wilmot proviso.
They are answered by the assaults which have
been made upon him by northern fanatics during
more than a quarter of a century.
They are answered by the encomiums of the
true and national men of every section of the
country in which he- is repeatedly designated as
" distinguished for his capacity—distinguished
for his high attainments—distinguished for his
high eloquence, yet more distinguished still for
the pure morality of his life and the stern patri-
otism of his character."
They are answered by the fact that, while a
member of Mr. Polk's Cabinet, against the oppo-
sition of fanaticism, he proposed to extend the
Missouri line to the Pacific amid the delight and
gratitude of national men of all parts of the Union.
They are answered by every vote he gave in the
American Congress on the question of slavery,
and by the fact, that of all northern men he has
been among the most prominent in asserting and
deeding a strict construction of the Federal
Constitution.
They are answered by the construction which
he placed upon the compromise measures of
1850, in the letter addressed by him, in November
of the same year, to the people of Philadelphia,
in which he declared that the compromise meas-
ures had superseded the Missouri line, or, to use
his own language, that that line had " passed
away," which construction led inevitably to the
adoption of the principle of popular sovereignty,
embodied in the Kansas-Nebraska bill.
They are answered by the national action of
his State—a State memorable in the history of
this question for its fidelity to the rights of the
other States, a record with which lie and his
friends are inseparably identified.
They are answered by the resolutions adopted
by the last Democratic State Convention of Penn-
sylvania, and accepted and indorsed by Mr.
Buchanan, on Thursday) the 8th of May, in the
following language:
" The duties of the President, whomsoever he may be,
have been cleaily and ably indicated by the admirable
resolutions of the Convention which you have just pre-
sented to ine, and all of which, without reference to those
merely personal to myself, 1 heartily adopt. Indeed, they
inet my cordial approbation from the moment when I first
peru-sod them on the other side of the Atlantic. They
constitute a platform broad, national, and conservative,
and one eminently worthy of the Democracy of our great
and good old State.
" These resolutions carried into execution, with an inflex-
ibility and perseverance precluding all hope of change, and
yet in a kindly spnit, will, ere long, allay the dangerous
excitement which has for some years prevailed on the
subject of domestic slavery, and again unite all portions of
our common country m the ancient bonds of bruthcily
aftection, under the flag of the Constitution and the Union."
And I now send the resolutions adopted by the
Democracy of Pennsylvania, and indorsed by Mr.
Buchanan, to the Clerk's table, and desire that
they may be read:
" Resolved, That in the present distracted condition of
parties, in which sectional and partial issues have been
allowed to attain a dangerous supremacy, we recognize in
the policy of the Democratic party that which rests npon
the Constitution as its basis; and that it is the party which
above all others has, m the language of the illustrious Madi-
son, ever continued ' to hold the Union of the States as
the basis of their peace and happiness; to support the Con-
stitution, which is the cement of the Union, as well in its
limitations as its authorities; to respect the rights and
authorities reseived to the States and to the people, as
equally incorporated with, and essential to, the success of
the general system; and to avoid the slightest interference
with the rights of conscience or the functions of religion,
so wisely exempted from civil jurisdiction.5
" Resolved, That by the general consent of the wise and
virtuous of all nations, the framers of the Republic of the
United States exhibited in their individual characters, and
in the result of their public deliberations, a degree of virtue
and a practical statesmanship to which the history of the
world aftords no parallel; that in no part of the Federal
compact is the wisdom of our Fathers more conspicuous
than in leaving the whole question of slavery to the States
in their separate capacities; and that in'the provision for
the redelivery of fugitives escaped from labor or; service,
the v demonstrated a sense of justice., an appreciation ot the
value of the Union, an attachment to its pieservation, an
avoidance of one-sided philanthropy and impracticable
theories of government, which present a proper example tor
the guidance and imitation of us their descendants.
" Resolved, That we look only to the Constitution, ana
the exposition thereof which has been afforded by the prac-
tices of the Democratic Administrations, for the chart of
our policy. That these constitute, until the fundamental
law is changed by methods which itself provides, the high-
est law of our obedience as citizens; and that we utterly
discard that particular arid exaggerated sympathy, the at-
tempt to carry which into practice is at the peril of our
dearest interests as a nation, and threatens the infliction of
evils of tenfold magnitude to those which it proposes to heal.
" Resolved, That the equality of theStates is the vital ele-
ment of the Constitution itself, and that all interference
with the rights of the States, by those who seek to disre-
gard the sacred guarantees of the past, and by all others,
should be rebuked with the bame spirit that would denounce
and repudiate all attempts to erect odious distinctions be-
tween those who are entitled to share the blessings and
benefits of our free institutions.
" Resolved, That the effort to dircct the power of the
Government by anti-slavery agitations, under the various
names and phases of Free-Soiiism, Anti-Nebraskaistn,
Fubioiibm, and Republicanism, and bymterfering with the
rights of conscience in establishing a religious test as a
qualification for office, by the secret oath-bound society of
the Know Nothings, is opposed both to the letter and the
spirit of the Constitution, and to the earnest teachings and
practice of its earliest and most honored administrators.
" Resolved, That we are now as ever unalterably opposed
to the doctrines and designs of all organizations which con-
template the overthrow of the civil and lehgious rights of
the citizen, like the equality of the States, is a sacred and
inalienable right, never to be interfered with by factious
parties and reckless legislation, without asubveision of the
ptimary objects of our political system, and a repudiation
of the guarantees of the past, and the hopes of the future.
" Resolved, That in the repeal of the act known as the
Missouri compromise act, and the passage of the act organ-
izing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, free from
unconstitutional restrictions, the last Congress performed
a work of patriotic sacrifice in meeting the demands of
sectional excitement by unshaken adherence to the funda-
mental law.
" Resolved, That this legislation cannot be deemed un-
necessary, but that it was expedient to meet the ques-
tions of which it dispesed, and which could never admit of
a more easy settlement than at present. That we recog-
nize in it the application to the Temtories of the United
States of the rule of' equal and exact justice to all men,'
of all sections of the Confederacy, which was_dcsigned by
the tramers ol our Government, and which was defined as
one of its essential principles by the nnnioital Jefferson.
" Resohied, That the Democracy of Pennsylvania, follow-
ing the counsel of some of the wisest statesmen of the
North and South, were ready on more than one occasion
in the past to extend the Missouri compromise line to the
Pacific, so as to make it the basis of a final settlement of
the question of slavery in the Territories ; but when this
proposition was rejected, m 1848, on the ground that it in-
volved an undue concession to the South by the very men
who now clamor for a restoration of the Missouri hne,
there seemed to be but one wise alternative left, and that
was to refer the whole question of slavery in the Territories
to the people thereof, to be regulated as they may deem
proper; and we, therefore, cheerfully extend our hearty
hupport to the policy of the Government as recognized in
the compromise measures of 1850, and embodied in the
laws organizing the Territories of Kansas and Nebraska."
And what other answer is necessary to the
allegation of my colleague ? What other platform
does the country desire?
Mr. Speaker, this is Mr. Buchanan's position.
Upon this impregnable foundation he takes his
stand. There is no evasion here; all is frank,
outspoken, and plain. Who can be surprised if
to such a standard and to such a man the people,
in the present crisis, should look with confidence
and hope? Who will not rejoice to see patriotic
citizens applauding a public man who stands upon
such a creed ? Those gallant spirits heretofore
opposed to us, whoso voices we have heard with
such transports of delight in both branches of •
Congress, declaring themselves for the principles
of the national Democracy, will bo no less grati-
fied with the creed upon which Mr. Buchanan
has taken his position than will the national Dem-
ocrats themselves. And now, sir, let mc recall
to your mind the action of the Democratic party
in this House, at the opening of the present Con-
gress, to the following resolution, which I had
the honor to offer on the 3d of December, 1855,
and which was adopted by that caucus by a unan-
imous vote:
" Resolved, That the Democratic members of the House
of Representatives, though in a temporary minority in this
body, deem this a lit occasion to tender to their fellow-cit-
izens of the whole Union their heartfelt congratulations on
the triumph, in the recent elections m several of the north-
ern, eastern, and western, as well as southern States, of
the principles of the Kansas-Nebraska bill, and the doctrines
of civil and religious liberty which have been so violently
assailed by a secret political order known as the Know Noth-
ing party; and, though in a minority, we hold it to be our
highest duty to preserve our organization and continue our
elfoits in the maintenance and defense of those principles,
and the constitutional rights of every section and every cl-ss
of citizens against their opponents of every description,
whether the so-called .Republicans, Know Nothings, or
Fusiomsts; and to this end we loolv with confidence to the
support and approbation of all good and true men—friends
of the Constitution and the Union throughout the country."
You will observe that the invitation to the
patriotic men of all parties held out -in this reso-
lution is in exact accordance with the spirit
which now animates the Democracy- all over the
land, and whiqh was fitly responded to by the
Democracy of Pennsylvania, when they placed
James Buchanan in nomination for the Presi-
dency. You will observe also, that the confidence
expressed in the ultimate triumph of -the prin-
ciples of the Nebraska bill, and the advice that
these principles should not be discarded, are in
peculiar harmony with the stern patriotism of
character which has always controlled Mr. Buch-
anan in meeting great questions, and especially
in resisting the onsets of the enemies of the rights
of the States.
Mr. Speaker, we are on the eve of important
events. We are in the midst of an era of inves-
tigation; and at such a time it is natural, it is
right, that the records of our public men should
be explored, to see how far they may be trusted
in the future. Wc have not boasted of the record
of Mr. Buchanan, nor have we obtruded it upon
the coii^ry. The masses know it by heart; they
have sfllhed it carefully, and they rest upon it,
confident that it will -stand the test of the most
intelligent scrutiny.
And while we are thus careful to secure a
standard-bearer whose past history shall be one
luminous illustration of truth defended, and of
error exposed, it is proper that we should extend
to those gallant national men, heretofore in op-
£osition to us, a cheerful welcome to our ranks.
et us secure the cooperation of these gifted and
patriotic men; let us maintain our hold upon the
affections of the national Democrats, by present-
ing a candidate who, like James Buchanan, will
challenge and command the respectof all parties,
and who stands upon the record without blemish,
and can point to a career worthy of the imitation
of every young man in the land.
The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was reports from the Committee on
Public Lands, and that upon that subject the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Bennett) had
the floor.
Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman from New York to yield to me for a
moment. [Cries of "Go on!" "Go on!"]
Mr. BENNETT. X will yield if it is only for
a moment.
Mr. PULLER. My colleague has stated that
the resolutions I read the other day were not
correct.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Will the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania allow me to introduce a
resolution ?
Mr. FULLER. I only desire a few moments.
I merely wish to give my authority. _ The gen-
tleman denies the truth of the resolutions, and I
merely wish to state that my objeot is to nar-
rate a few historical facts.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I make a point of
order, and X may as well make it upon my friend
from Pennsylvania, because I can do it with a
greater degree of propriety than I could upon one
of the Opposition. I raise the objection simply
for the purpose of introducing the resolution
which I send up to the Clerk. If it is passed I
will then withdraw my objection. I ask that it
may be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That whenever unanimous consent is given to
a member to make a personal explanation, any member may
terminate such explanation by objection after the party ex-
plaining shall have spoken ten minutes.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I object to the res-
olution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Cannot the gentle-
man move to suspend the rules ?
The SPEAKER. That can only be done on
Mondays.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Well, I will withdraw illy
objection this time; but in all time to come, until
the business of the House has been disposed of,
I will object to all these personal explanations.
Mr. FULLER. I desire to respond at once to
my colleague, [Mr. Jones.] He denies, as I
understand, the authenticity of the resolutions
ascribed to Mr. Buchanan, or, rather, he says Mr.
Buchanan was not the chairman of the commit-
tee by whom they were reported. I did  Gt
be was; I say he was on the committee. My
colleague says this was a ceveri attack, which will
do me no credit. Perhaps not; it v/as not per-
