1196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13,
soiial credit, but the truth of history, I desired to
vindicate. It may be a covert attack; if so, it
has a Democratic cover, for my authority is the
leading Democratic journal of northern Pennsyl-
vania, published 28th January, 1852. It was in
this paper I first saw the resolutions: they are
prefaced with these words:
" The Democracy of this country are the guardians of its
liberty. None but a clean, pure man should receive the
office of President at their hands. The trust is too mighty
and the stake too great. High up, above glacicr, and peak,
and cloud, the dazzling radiance of eternal day upon him,
rests the guardian genius of this Union. If he be leprous,
the ea#h will see it and judge how deep the taint in the
spirit of liberty.
"It has heretofore been shown that Mr. Buchanan was
the leader of the Lancaster Fedeiahs>ts up to about 1829.
" That in thatcounty he propagated abolition sentiments
of the blackest dye. Witness the tollowmg resolutions
o/feied by him at a public meeting in that county in 1819:
"'Resolved, That the Representatives in Congress fiom
this district be, and they aie hereby, most earnestly re-
quested to use their utmost endeavors, as mernbeis of the
National Legislature, to prevent the existence of
slavery in ant/ of the Territories or States which may be
erected by Congress.
" 'Resolved, That in the opinion of this meetin^ie mem-
bers of Congress who at the last session suataineflnie cau«<c
of justice, humanity, and patriotism, in opposing the intio-
duciionof slavery into the State then endeavored to be
formed out of the Missouri Territory, are entitled to the
■warmestthanks of every fiiend of humanity.'
"That from these and kindred teachings sprung the
present abolition sentiment of Pennsylvania."
I would not willingly do Mr. Buchanan, my
colleague, who is his capccial friend and defender,
or any other man, injustice. I do not desire nor
will I misrepresent any man. My colleague says
truly that Mr. Buchanan voted for the admission
of Arkansas. He did so; and 1 find, upon present-
ation of a remonstrance against her admission, he
addressed the Senate on the 25th of April, 1836,
to this effect: He said that he had stated to the
committee who had charge of the memorial, that
he had been requested by the Delegate from Ark-
ansas to take charge of the application of that
Territory to be admitted into the Union, and that
he had cheerfully taken upon himself the per-
formance of this duty. He also read to them the
eighth section of the act of Congress of Gth of
March, 1852U, containing the famous Missouri
compromise; and mfoinied them that the whole
Territory of Aikansas was south of the paiallei
of thirty-six degrees and a half of north latitude;
and that lie rcgaided this compromise, cunsidei-
ing the exciting and alarming circumstances under
which it was made, and the dangers to the exist-
ence of the Union which it had removed, to be
almost sacred as a constitutional provision.
I am informed the remarks made by me on
Saturday last were so satisfactory to our friends
of the Republican party—I would not say it offens-
ively, but the "colored Republican party"—that
they wuie almost willing, on account of Mr.
Buchanan's antecedents, to adopt him as their
candidate—of course on account of their natural
sympathy with the Free-Soil Democratic party of
Pennsylvania. As he has already been adopted
by the Democratic party of that State, with whom
he is exceedingly popular, it may not be amiss to
inquire if he has not other elements of strength
to conciliate the American party.
Nowmy colleague, [Mr. Jones,] uponallproper
occasions, is disposed to allude to the resolu-
tions of the Democratic caucus, offered by him at
the opening session, denouncing a very innocent
class of individuals known as Know Nothings,
towards whom my colleague—whether because
they were born in this country, or for some other
reason, I shall not now inquire—entertains a pe-
culiar antipathy, in this connection it may be
refreshing to read an extract from a speech—a
Fourth of July speech of Mr. Buchanan, his
favorite candidate. It is exceedingly patriotic,
and perhaps the best speech he ever made. I
fear we shall never hear from him again in the
same strain. His fate will probably be that of
the ambitious but unfortunate Cardinal. I will
read from a valuable book recently published 
" Republican Landmarks:5'
" Again, we st.md neutral towards all the European
Powers. What, then, j-hall bo the political conduct ot our
country in luture? Pioeistlv to pursue the political maxims,
adopted by Washington. We ought to cultivate peace with
alt nations by adopting a strict neutrality not only of conduct
but of sentiment We ought to make our neutrality re-
spected by placing ourselves in an attitude of defense We
ought forever to abandon the wild project of a philosophic
vu-ionary of letting eommeieu protect itself. For its pro-
tection we ought to ineiea^e our Navy. We ought never
to think of embargoes and non-intercourse laws without
abhorrence. We ought to use every honest exertion to turn
out of power those weak and wicked men who have aban-
doned the political path marked, out for this country by
Washington, and whose wild and visionary theories have
been at length tested by expenence and found wanting.
Above all, we ought to drive from our shores foreign influ-
ence, and cherish exclusively American feelings. Foreign
influence has been in every age the curse of republies-
Her jaundiced eyes see all things in false colors. The thick
atmosphere of prejudice, by which she is forever surrounded,
excludes from her sight the light of Heaven. Whilst she
worships the nation which she favors for this very crime,
she curses the enemy of that nation even for their vntues.
In every age she has marched before the enemies of her
country, proclaiming peace when there wa<3 no peace, and
lulling its defenders into fatal security, while the iron hand
of despotism was aiming a death-blow at their liberties.
Alieady our iniant republic hasfelt her witheum-influence.
Already has shoiinvolvod in in awar which had nearly cost
us our existence. Let us, then, leain wisdom from experi-
ence, and forever banish this fiend irom our society."
Mr. Buchanan has been in politics many years.
He was a Federalist—is now a Democrat. Pie
was against the Missouri compromise—he was
for the Missouri compromise. He regarded it a
provision almost as sacred as the Constitution—
he is now for its repeal. He was against foreign
influence—in favor of the cultivation of American
feelings; now his sympathies carry him across
the great waters, and foreign acquaintance may
have prepared him for a foreign embrace.
Mr. Buchanan is a native of my State. I am
not insensible to State pride—have a natural pre-
feienco for our own men—but still can overlook
State lines and State boundaries; and sec m New
York, Tennessee, Virginia, Illinois, New Hamp-
shire, Texas, and other States, good men and
true, just as worthy of the popular support.
If Air. Buchanan could liiyl some adhesive
plaster of sufficient strength and power to enable
him to stand squarely upon all the platforms
heretofore erected by him, he would be the most
available candidate ever presented to the American
people. [Great laughter.]
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Arbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying
the House that it had agreed to the report of the
thud committee of conference on the disagieoing
votes of the two Houses on the bill of the House
(No. OS) to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, J 8,36.
Also, that the President of the United States
had notified the Senate that he did, on the 9th in-
stant, approve and sign a resolution (S. R. No. 7)
for the relief of the Southwestern and Muscogee
Railroad Companies.
RESOLUTIONS OF STATE AND TERRITORIAL
LEGISLATURES.
Mr. MEACTIAM, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented resolutions of the Legislature of Vermont
on such part of the Governor's message as relates
to Kansas; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. THORINGTON also, by unanimous con-
sent, presented joint resolutions of the Legisla-
tuie of Nebraska Territory, praying for a grant
of land for educational purposes, as well as for
the building of a university in Fontanelle, in said
Territory; which were referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. DAVIDSON, it was
OrdnetJj That leave be granted lor ihe withdiawa! from
the Court of Chums of the petition and papers* in the ca e
of Dr. Charles McConmek.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. STEPHENS, from the Committee of
Elections, presented a minority report m the case
of the contested election of Nebraska Territory;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
DEFICIENCY BILL REPORT OF COMMITTEE
OF CONFERENCE.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I am directed by the
third committee of confcrcnce on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on House bill (j$o. 68)
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1856, to present the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (II. It. No. 68) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
yeai ending the 30Ui of June, 1856, having met, after JuII
and free conference, have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows: That
the Senate do concur m the amendments of the House of
Representatives to its 15th, 16th, 23d, and 35th amend-
ments ; that the Senate do recede from its 20th, 26th, 27th,
31st, 32d, 38th, 39th, 43d, 46th, 49th, 50th, 52d, 63d, and 54th
amendments; and that the House of Representatives do
concur in the 19th, 22d, 30th, 33d, 34th, 42d, and 44th amend-
ments of the Senate.
A. C. M. PENNINGTON,
HOWELL COBB,
GALUSHA A. GROW,
ftlanagers on the part of the House of Representatives,
It. M. T. HUNTER;
JOHN B. WELLER,
HAMILTON FISH,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to inquire of the Chair,
whether we have not a message from the Senate'
announcing that the Senate has concurred in the
report of the committee of conference ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
such a message has been received.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I understand the Sen-
ate have agreed to the report of the committee
of conference, and have sent a message to the
House to that effect.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from New Jersey if the com-
mittee of conference have reported, in favor of
retaining the amendment making an appropriation
for engraving the maps of the Pacific railroad
survey? • *
Mr. PENNINGTON. The committee cm-
brace in their report a recommendation that the
House recede from its disagreement to this amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES. Do they retain the amendment
of the House to the Senate amendment increas-
i ing the appropriation for the collection of agri-
cultural statistics and seeds?
Mr. PENNINGTON. The committee of con-
ference recommend that the Senate recede from
their disagreement to that amendment of the
House.
Mr. JONES. Well, sir, I do not know of any
authority for malting cither of these appropria-
tions, and I cannot therefore vote for the report.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I will make a very
brief statement of the action of the committee in
! reference to the disagreeing votes of the two
; Houses upon the amendments to this bill. The
i Senate sent back this bill to the House withfifty-
j five amendments, of which twenty-three in all
J were subjects of difference between the Senate
and the House. Four of these amendments—
the fifteenth, sixteenth, twenty-third, and thirty-
fifth—were amended by the House, and the com-
mittee recommend that the Senate concur in the
amendments of the House.
The fifteenth amendment proposes to add
$10,000 to the contingent fund of the House, for
the puipose of defraying the expenses of the
Kansas investigating committee.
The sixteenth amendment was as follows:
To enable the Cleik to purchase the Statutes at Large
for the use of momheis of the JIoimo of Representatives;,
per resolution of February 21, 1856, $5,285.
The House amended this amendment by adding
four items, as follows:
To pay John C. Itives a balance due for reporting and
publishing in the Daily Globe ihe proceedings of the llou^e
oi Representatives foi the second ses-sion of the Thirty-
Third Congress, $1,177 50.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to
pay John C. Rives for reporting and publishing in the Daily
Globe the proceedings of the House of Representatives for
the first session of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, prior to the
1st of July, 1856, $17,380.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to pay for one hundred copies of the continuation of the
Annals of Congressfor the Lihiary of the House of Repre-
sentatives during the present fiscal year, .$1,500.
To enable the"Clcrk of the House of Repiesentativrs to
pay for the continuation of the Annals of Coneress tor the
members of the Thirty-Second Congress, S'3,000.
The twenty-third amendment relates to fitting-
up and furnishing rooms for the Court of Claims.
It was in these words:
For fitting-up and furnishing the court room*? and con-
ference loom, and offices for the solicitor and clerk of the
Court of Claims, $6,000.
The House amended this amendment by re-
ducing the appropriation to $3,000.
The thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate stood
as follows:
For the collection of agricultural statistics, investigations
for promoting agriculture and rural economy, and the pro-
curement and distnbuUon of cuttings and seeds, to be ex-
ponded under the direction of the Commissioner of Patents,
$20,000.
