1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
461
34th Co g....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Geyer.
Senate.
of the first session of the Fifteenth Congress, in
1817, it wns made a matter of boast by the Re-
publican [>r<-ss, that there vere only six Feder-
alists eleeiwi to «h* House of Representatives in
all >Vw Kndand. During that session, on the
4ih oi'Anril,18IS. Mr. Livormore, of New Hamp-
shire, introduced into the House a joint resolution
proposing an amendment to the Constitution in
these words:
" \o prison shall be heM to service nr labor aa a stave,
■« iMIl be toleraicd. m any 9ute hereafter ad-
•ulieii into u  L'iuiui,at lukdv one of the luted Slates of
Amf.'id."
This proposition met with little favor at the
time, but afterwards it was attempted to be en-
forced against Missouri without any amendment
of the Constitution.
At this period, Rufus Kin? was a member of
the Senate, and was then, as he had been before,
an aspirant tor the Presidency. The Federal
party, of which he was a distinguished member,
nad "dissolved. There was no hope of success
for him, or of preferment of his adherents, but by
• sectional organization; and at the next session
of the same Congress commcnced the agitation
of the slavery question, which, in its progress,
threatened the stability of our institutions.
A resolution for the admission of Illinois into
the Union was earnestly opposed, because the ,
constitution contained a clause allowing slaves to
be employed in that Stale on hire, for a limited
period; and on the final passage there was a for-
midable northern vote against the resolution. But
there was a more perfect union of the northern
Representatives, and its purpose was more fully
developed, on the bill to authorize the people of
Missouri to form a constitution and State govern-
ment. In the House of Representatives a clause
was inserted, making it a condition of admission
that slavery should be forever prohibited: it was
stricken out by the Senate, and the bill was lost
by the disagreement of the two Houses. It was
at the same session that the attempt was made to
prohibit slavery in Arkansas, to which I have
before alluded.
The agitation was continued during the whole
of the recess. The Legislatures of most of the
non-slaveholding States adopted resolutions af-
firming the constitutionality of the proposed re-
striction, the same, in substance, that Mr. Liver-
more proposed to impose on all new States by an
amendment to the Constitution. They instructed
or requested their Representatives to vote against
the admission of any State with a constitution
which did not contain positive prohibition of
slavery. Some of them demanded the imposi-
tion of the restriction on Missouri by name.
Under these circumstance the Sixteenth Con-
gress met,and, after a severe struggle and unpar-
alleled excitement, passed the act of 6th March,
1820, of which f shall speak hereafter.
This memorable agitation of the slavery ques-
tion in Congress occurred during a period of
exemption from political party controversy; but
it was not a lime of peace. It was the period
called the "era of good feeling," when, in my
judgment, more mischief was perpetrated, more
constitutional heresies recognized by Congress
in its legislation, than during any other equal
period in our history. It was followed by a short
period of exemption from agitation of the slavery
controversy, not the consequence, however, of
the legislation of Congress, hut the result of the
reorganization of national, political parties, com-
menced in 1825, destroying all hope of the suc-
cess of a sectional party.
There were Abolitionists then as now, of both
wings, to which the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont has alluded. They were comparatively
quiet, however, until about the year 1833, when
uiey commenced operations in the North with
great activity. Jn 1835, there were two great
parties completely organized, both national, and
therefore not disposed, if they could afford, to
encourage Abolitionism or Free-Soilism. The
consequence was, that the abolition orators were
not favorably received, or kindly treated, in the
northern cities. Their meetings were suppressed
by violence in Utica, New York; Montpelier,
Vermont. In Boston they were denied access to
Fanueil Hall; and when they assembled at an-
other place they were expelled by a mob. I hare
before me an account of the celebration of the
twentieth anniversary of that riot. |
It appears that the newspaper press of both
political parties, in all the northern States, were
earnest and eloquent in their denunciations of
that abolition movement. Icommend totheeditors
who now sustain organizations much more dan-
gerous, to read again theirproductions,and recon-
cile, if they can, the present with the past. Here
is a specimen from tne New York Courier and
Enquirer:
" 1  is lime now fer this subject to be token in hand srri-
onsly. The movements of the immediate Abolitionists in-
volve not merely Hie welfare of our country, but the very
existence of her insuiutions; and every cituen, from Maine
to Mississippi, who lias not already made up Ins mind to a
willingness to see our Oinfederney dissolved, our whole
flrame of government broken up, and an experiment made
to beuer u amidst the eon fun ion, misery, and bloodshed of
a revolution, is bound to grapple at once with tlie sedition)
fanaticism now abroad. It has become the duty of all
classes and all parties—of the hall of legislation—of the
press—of the pulpit, and of every pood citizen within his
own particular sphere of influence, to assist in putting down
this trkxso.n that is stalking through our borders."
There are several other extracts from different
journals of that period, of like import, and not
less worthy of perusal. It may be instructive to
contrast the past with the present position of the
northern press.
The Reverend Theodore Parker, comparing 1
the present with the past condition and prospects ;
of his party, in a speech delivered at the celebra- i
tion to which I have alluded, says; !
" Since this day twenty years ago, what a step! See all
these parties coming up into power—the Free-Soil party,
I be Republican party—which are only the wings of the
great anu Hlavery party which is to be, and will command
the continent. Just now, it is very plain Uurt the only
question before the people, at the next national election,
will be, ' Shall the slave power possess the presidential
officer, or shall the power of freedom possess itI say,
there is to be only one question before the people, and that
is the question."
The Legislatures of some of the non-slavehold-
ing States were not less decided than the press in
the condemnation of political agitations on the
subject "of domestic slavery. I have before me
resolutions passed by the Legislature of New
York, in 1836, condemning all such agitations in
clearand emphatic language; contrasting strongly
with the resolves of the Legislature of the same
State during the pendency of the Missouri ques-
tion, and with some very recentlyadopted. The
same remarks will apply to the resolves of other
northern Legislatures at the different periods
mentioned.
Political agitation on the subject of slavery was
renewed by northern members pending the prop-
ositions for the annexation of Texas, and resulted
in a provision making it one of the conditions
that slavery should forever be prohibited in States
, to be organized north of 360 30'. Nor did that
quiet agitation; it was resumed during the Mex-
ican war, when an attempt was made to prohibit
slavery in anticipation of the acquisition of ter-
ritory by an amendment to an appropriation bill.
The peace of the country was again interrupted
by the renewal of the agitation of the disturbing
question of domestic slavery in the first attempt
to legislate for the territory and people acquired
by the treaty with Mexico in 1848. The con-
troversy was attended with greater excitement in
Congress, and caused more apprehension among
the people than any other since 1820, until it was
finally adjusted by the compromise measures of
1850. The efficiency of the Democratic party had
been greatly impaired by the defection of i ts Free-
Soil members who organized a new party at Buf-
falo. The Whig party, greatly reduced in num-
bers, was also composed in part of Free-Soilers,
who cooperated with the party organized at Buf-
falo and the Abolitionists, in promoting, instead
of discountenancing, agitation in Congress. The
compromise of 1850, we are informed by the
minority report, " secured votes from the free
States, enough, with those of the slaveholding
States, to adopt it;" but " it was not satisfactory
to the free States;" and the Senator from Vermont
tells us that they acquiesced in it very reluctantly.
It is undoubtedly true that the Abolitionists and
Free-Soilers in the North were dissatisfied with
that compromise; and those of them who pro-
i fessed to acquiesce in it, did so because acquies-
I pence seemed to be very general, and there was
no hope of preferment without it. Manv of them
succeeded in getting into the Thirty-Third Con-
gress under the name of Whigs; and, during the
discussion of the Kansas-Nebraska bill in the
House, they contended that opposition to that
bill was a principle of the Whig party. My
honorable friend lrom the other House, now near
me, [Mr. Livdlet,] knowa that I speak by the
card, when I say they so asserted. The Aboli-
tionists and Free-Soilers who made that pretense,
are now known by another name. The conserva-
tive National Whigs from the North, who wera
in that Congress, with few exceptions, although
they voted against the bill, have been made to
give place to the representatives of a new sec-
tional organization, ani mated by a spirit of aggres-
sion—the source of our troubles now.
Mr. President, I will now direct my attention
to the allegation that solemn compacts were
broken and compromises disregarded by the pas-
sage of the Kansas-Nebraska act in 1854. The
first is the so-called Missouri compromise.
I have already mentioned the agitation of the
slavery question, and the failureof the first Mis-
souri bill at the second &ession of the Fifteenth
Congress, and the proceedings and resolves of
the State Legislatures in relation to the admission
of Missouri. At the first session of the Sixteenth
Congress, a second bill toauthorize the people of
Missouri to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, became the subject of a most exciting and
fearful controversy, which terminated in the pas-
sage of the act of 6th March, 1820, by which it
is said the slave-holding States secured the admis-
sion of Missouri by agreeing and enacting that
slavery should be forever prohibited in the terri-
tory north and west of that State.
What I have to say in regard to that act will be
better understood by reference to the proceedings
of the session. There were three distinct meas-
ures pending in both Houses. One was the abo-
lition of slavery in the Territories. Notice of
a bill for that purpose was given in the House of
Representatives by Mr. Strong. Resolutions
were introduced by Mr. Taylor, of New York,
and a joint resolution by Mr. Foot, of Connec-
ticut. Notice of a bill to prohibit slavery in the
Territories was given, ana the bill introduced in
the Senate by Mr. Thomas, of Illinois. A bill
for the admission of Maine, and the Missouri bill
before mentioned. The Maine bill was the first
to pass the House; it was amended in the Senate
by adding the provisions of the Missouri bill^ and
a provision prohibiting slavery in the territory
north and west of Missouri; thus constituting)
by the union of the three measures in one bill,
what has since been called an " omnibus." The
House disagreed to the amendments, and passed
the Missouri bill, with the restriction of slavery as
a condition of admission. The Senate, which had
before disagreed to the restriction in Missouri, it
was known would not yield: there was what the
Senatorfrom Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] in the
debate on the Nebraska bill, called "adead lock."
The act of Massachusetts authorizing the peo-
ple of Maine to form a State government, con-
tained the condition, that the new State should be
admitted into the Union before the 4th of March.
The Representatives from that part of Massachu-
setts forming the new State implored a speedy
adjustment of the question. Things had become
critical, more so for Maine than Missouri; and
the 2d of March was a day of activity. A joint
committee of conference had been appointed on
the disagreements between the two Houses, and,
upon their recommendation, the Maine bill was
relieved of the amendments of the Senate, and
passed; the Missouri bill was amended by striking
out the restriction on the State, and attaching to
it, as the eighth section, the ninth of the omni-
bus, prohibiting slavery in the Territory—the ap-
propriate subject of a separate bill, which might
as well have been attached to the Maine as the
Missouri bill, except that it related to territory
adjoining Missouri. Under this arrangement,
Maine was admitted into the Union; Missouri
was not.
What, then, is the nature and effect of the pro-
vision in the act of 1820, the repeal of which is
complained of? It must be conceded that, un-
less it is a part of a compact obligatory .on the
northern as well as the southern States, it has no
