47£-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
February 20,
The PRESIDENT. Before anything further
is said, the Chair will read the 14th rule: '' When
the reading of a paper is called for, and the same
is -objected to by any member, it shall be determ-
ined by a vote of the Senate, and without debate."
Mr. WELLER. I believe the Senator from
Florida had the floor-when the question was under
discussion the other day.
The PRESIDENTS The question immediately
before the Senate is not a debatable one.
Mr. MALLORY. I know it is not debatable,
but I simply wish to observe to the honorable
Senator from Tennessee that I do not think there
is now any objection whatever to the passage of
his resolution. On behalf of the Committee on
Naval Affairs I have never made any opposition
to its passage. I have simply notified the Sen-
ator of my desire to insert an amendment except-
ing from the operation of the resolution those
officers who may not wish their cases to come
before the Senate. I am willing, however, that
the vote may be taken instanter, if the Senator
desires it.
The PRESIDENT. The first question is,
whether the paper offered by the Senator from
Tennessee shall be read ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I made an objection the
other day, to the reading of the paper, but I will
withdraw it at the request of my friend from
Tennessee. When I made the objection, I had
not the slightest idea that it was a matter in which
my frietsd from Tennessee had any personal in-
terest. My objection was based on the consid-
eration that papers of this kind ought not to be
read at the Secretary's desk, because they bring
into conflicts of statement and opinion persons
who are not members of the body, and with
whose disputes we have nothing to do, and which
we are not the proper body to adjust; but as my
friend from Tennessee thinks he has some inter-
est in having the paper read, I make no further
objection, i suppose, however, that if Captain
Du Pont should desire to have a counter-state-
ment read hereafter, there will be no objection.
Several Senators. Certainly not.
The PRESIDENT. The objection being with-
drawn, the paper will be read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Flori-
da will be entitled to the floor when the paper
shall be read. The paper will first be read.
Mr. MALLORY. I object to the reading of
the paper.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will submit
the question to the Senate whether the paper shall
bo read. It is not a debatable question.
Mr. MASON. May 1 be allowed to ask what
the paper is ? I understand that without objection
two letters were read on a former day "to the
Senate, one of them addressed by Captain Du
Pont to Lieutenant Rliind, ami the other an
answer from lum. Then it was proposed to read
another paper which contained a statement of a
conversation that had passed between those gen-
tlemen. The present vote is upon reading that
statement, the letters having been read, as J under-
stand. My vote is governed by that consideration.
The letters have been read, and now the objection
is to reading tiiis statement of the conversation.
I _ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. May 1 ask aques-
r tion for information? ["No objection."] Does
anybody doubt that I have a right to get up and
read this statement from my place as part of my
spccch? ["Certainly not."] Nobody, of course,
doubts that; but I would not inflict on the Senate
any injustice or any wrong. I would not do in
my place here anything which would not bo ap-
proved by the Senate. I knew perfectly well that.
I had aright to read this paperorany other paper
in my place on my own responsibility, but I chose
to submit the question to the Senate for decision,
and I am perfectly satisfied that if the Senate
understood this note, there would be no objection
to its reading.
Now, with the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate, I desire to state my position, without any
argument and without reading the note. When
an interrogatory was propounded the other day
by the Senator from Virginia to the Senator from
Florida, as to whether any correspondence had
passed between members of the board and other
individuals, as to charges and rumors of charges |
against men who had been ostracised by the I
board; the Senator said at first that he thought j
not; but when I called his attention to the corre-
spondence which was read at the desk a few days
since between Captain Du Pont and Lieutenant
Rhind, he remembered it, but said he had not
read it. In my allusion to that correspondence,
I stated that, after that correspondence had taken
place, (because I had seen it, and other Senators
had seen it,) an interview took place between
Captain Du Pont and Lieutenant Rhind, explan-
atory of the notes which were read; and that an
understanding of that conversation was essential,
in ray judgment, to a proper vindication of charges
preferred against Lieutenant Bartlett, and in vin-
dication of the statement which I made that men
had been tried upon rumor. Though no man gets
up here and says that such is not the truth, there
is no positive proof of it. I was guarded in my
remark. I said that I believed such was the
truth. I have the proof of the assertion which I
then made, and I ask-the Senate to hear it read.
If the Senate do not choose to hear it, I shall
have at least the poor privilege of publishing it
in the newspapers of the country. 1 stated what
I believed to be true upon rumor. I have the
statement of a responsible gentleman that such
an interview did take placc, and he puts it down
in his own terms, signs his name to it, and is
responsible for it. He is an officer of the Govern-
ment implicated in the charges which we are now
trying before the Senate.
How can any injustice be done to anybody by
reading the statement ? I would not do injustice
to Mr. Du Pont. If he has a word to say in con-
tradiction of this statement, and will furnish it to
me, I shall ask the indulgence of the Senate to
have it read from the Secretary's desk, just as I
ask that this vindication of these officers may be
read.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senate will indulge
me in a few words, I wish to say why I object to
the reading of the paper. Prom the manner of
the Senatorfrom Tennessee, and what has fallen
from him, itwould seem to be inferred that there
is something in his possession which, if read to
the Senate, would place a member of the board—
Captain Du Pont is mentioned—in an odious and
improper light.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I certainly did
not mean to be understood as saying any such
thing; and if the Senator so understood mo, I beg
to correct him. I meant simply to say, and 1
think I did say, that this communication estab-
lished the fact that one member of the board, at
least, went out in quest of information m relation
to chaiges preferred against an American officer
upon rumor; and when he afterwards met the
gentleman to whom he wrote, he said that the
board had disposed of the case of Bartlett before
his answer was received. 1 did not mean to
reflect on Captain Du Pont, but when I can get a
fair chance at him legitimately, I shall say what
1 think proper.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the question
before the Senate is whether a certain paper—
comments of Lieutenant Rhind on aconversation
with Captain Du Pont—shall be read, here in the
Senate for information. That is the naked ques-
tion. The poper contains comments of Mr. Rhind
on a conversation between him and Captain Du
Pont. As a matter of course, if that be read, and
an impression shall be made by it against Captain
Du I'ont as a member of the board, it will become
the duty of those who are conversant with the
facts to procure and read the statement of Cap-
tain Du Pont. It will place Captain Du Pont,
Mr. Rhind, and Mr. Bartlett here on trial. The
question before the Senate, properly, is a resolu-
tion callingon the Secretary of the Navy for cer-
tain official information supposed to be in his
possession; and I submit to the Senate.that the
reading of this paper has no relation to that in-
quiry. It is going into an investigation which is
now before the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
in which that committee is engaged at this mo-
ment. The committee has in its possession many
official papers which relate to this transaction; and
if this statement be read, perhaps it will be neces-
sary to take those official papers fi-om the hands
of the committee and place them in the hands of
the Secretary, to be read from the desk.
I do not object to the Senator's reading, if he
pleases, and making a portion of his remarks,
any statement of Mr. Rhind, as to the conduct
of the board; for 1 say again, as I have always
said, that if the board cannot stand right before
the country, in every word and deed which it
performed and uttered, I, for one, must not be
expected to stand by it. I have investigated and
am familiar with the transaction to which the
honorable Senator alludes, and throughout the
whole transaction I am with the board. It can
be explained in a manner perfectly consistent
with the integrity of the board and every member
upon it. But, sir, I am not disposed, knowing
the facts which are within the knowledge of the
committee, to suffer extraneous matter, which
should not go into the records of the Senate, to
be read here, and get up a controversy between
individuals outside of this Chamber, who are not
on trial before the Senate. You cannot read a
paper which reflects on the official or private con-
duct of a member of the board, without yielding
to another the right to read a countervailing state-
ment; and thus we shall be involved in a contro-
versy which has no relation to our duties.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Florida object to the reading of the paper?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Tennessee insist on the reading?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir, 1 shall
insist, or I shall read it myself.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will submit
the question to the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to say a few
words, but not on that point.
The PRESIDENT. This is a question which
must be decided without debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to reply to
a remark of the Senator from Florida.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will submit
the question to the Senate, whether the paper
submitted by the Senator from Tennessee shall
be read.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—yeas 13, nays 18.
A Senator. No quorum voting.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will not press
anything which seems to be contrary to the sense
of the Senate; for it is my pleasure to defer at all
times to what seems to be the wish of a majority
of this body; and I shall continue to do so as
long as I occupy a place on this floor For that
reason I shall not press the reading of this paper;
but I still insist that it was an act of justice to an
injured man to have it read at the desk; but of
that we shall be able to judge hereafter. I am
happy to know that the paper which I hold is an
indestructible one.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator allow
the Chair to make a statement ? The Chair heard
a Senator remark, when the last vote was taken—■
"no quorum voting." That brings up the ques-
tion whether the Chair, in putting questions here-
after, shall be governed by the fact that there are
now several vacancies in the Senate. Shall we
require a quorum to be a quorum of Senators
entitled to places on the floor, or a quorum of
the whole number of which the Senate would be
constituted if it were full ? There was a quorum
voting on the last vote, provided the vacancies
be not included.
Mr. STUART. I do not know whether the
rules prescribe anything on that subject; but 1
had some conversation with the officers of the
Senate in regard to it, a few years ago; and it
struck me that, on principle, the true view to take
would be this: A majority of all the Senators
must be present to form a quorum to do business.
That is tile constitutional provision; but that does
not mean a majority of all the Senators who might
be present if the Senate was full, and if there were
no vacancies, but a majority of those who have
a right to be here. That being the case, and a
quorum having voie.d according to that mode of
estimation, the question was decided on the last
vote. It seems to me that that is the fact.
Mr. FISH. Mr. President, I think that this
question is not a new one to the Senate. Accord-
ing to my impression, we had precisely the same
question raised here some three or four years
since, while Mr. King, the late Vice President,
was occupying the chair. If my memory serves
me, it was at the time when the Senator from
California, now in his seat, [Mr. Weller,] was
supposed to be on his way from California here.
I remember distinctly that his colleague [Mr.
Gwin] insisted that there was a Senator from
