2072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
paid over to said Jones, at Sutter's fort, the sum
of #3,020, nine days before his death.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 254) for the.relief of the heirs
of the late Samuel R. Thurston, Delegate from
Oregon. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
A bill (H. R. No. 275) for the relief of Captain
Thomas Ap Catesby Jones.
The bill directs the proper accounting officer
of the Treasury to pay to Captain Thomas Ap
Catesby Jones, the sum of $900 in full for moneys
paid by him to Hall', McAllister & Co., as coun-
sel fee upon, the trial of Blade, and five others,
for mutiny, before the general naval court mar-
tial on board of the sloop of war Warren, in
October, 1849.
The report setting forth the grounds of the
claim was read.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 278) for the relief of Mrs.
A. W. Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel
Angus, United States Navy. [Objected to by
Mr. McMcli.in.]
A bill (H. R. No. 281) for the relief of Betsey
Nash.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Betsey Nash, of Stock-
bridge, in the county of Madison, State of New
York, upon the list of half-pay pensioners, as
the widow of Doctor Sylvester Nash, at the rate
of twenty-two dollars per month, to commence
from the 1st of January, 1831, and to continue
for ten years.
The bill was laid aside to b§ reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 283) for the relief of Evelina
Porter, widow of the late Commodore David Por-
ter, of the United States Navy. [Objected to by
Mr. Morgan.]
A bill (H. R. No. 298) for the relief of the owner
and crew of the fishing schooner Florilla. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Carlile.]
A bill (H. R. No. 300) forthe relief of Joshua
Knowles, junior, and others, owners of the
schooner Garnet, of Truro. [Objected to by Mr.
Cabi-ile.]
An act (S. No. 140) for the relief of the owners
of the fishing schooners Brandywine, Forrester,
Grampus, Ursula,Stephen C. Phillips, and Union.
[Objected to by Mr. Caki.ile.]
A bill (H. R. No. 325) for the relief of Isaac
Adams.
Mr. WALKER. What has become of the
reports on the Calendar from the Court of Claims ?
The CHAIRMAN. They are adverse re-
ports, and therefore are objected to. The Court
of Claims reports adversely to the memorialists,
and therefore the Chair considers the reports as
objected to, and proceeds to the consideration of
other bills.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to submit a question
to the Chair—whether, in the case of adverse re-
ports by the Court of Claims, it is not competent
to move a bill as an amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair remarks that
the committee has preceded to consider bills on
the Private Calendar. In those cases which the
Chair has directed the Clerk to omit, there aro no
bills, and therefore there is nothing to be consid-
ered but the report. Under the law of Congress
they are to be considered in Committee of the
Whole House, but not on objection day.
Mr. WALKER. Will the Chair allow me to
make a suggestion? It seems to me that the Chair
is in error in holding that adverse reports by the
Court of Claims are tantamount to objections
made in committee.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ala-
bama does not apprehend the point. There is
no bill in any of these cases; therefore there is
nothing to be considered. A bill has to originate
somewhere.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The adverse reports
have been made by the court.
The CHAIRMAN. Yes; they have been
Made by the Court of Claims, not by the Com-
mittee of Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move to lay aside those reports, to be reported to
the House with the recommendation that the
report of the Court of Claims be concurred in?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
committee can take no cognizance of these reports.
A bill (H. R. No. 325) for the relief of Isaac
Adams. [Objected to by Mr. Cadwalader.]
A bill (C. C. No. 3) for the relief of James M.
Lindsay.
The bill confirms to James M. Lindsay, of the
State of Alabama, his title to fractional section
twenty-one, township six, range five, west of the
Alabama river, except the south half of the south-
east quarter and the south half of the southwest
quarter of said section, the same being the part of a
reservation made to Samuel and David Hale, Creek
Indians, by the treaty of August 9,1814, between
the United States and the hostile Creeks; pro-
vided, that this act shall be construed to vest in
the said Lindsay only the reversionary interest
of the United States, and not to prejudice the
rights of bona fide claimants other than the United
States.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (C. C. No. 4) for the relief of Salvador
Accardi.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Salvador Accardi upon the roll
of invalid pensioners, at the rate of six dollars
per month, commencing from the 14th of March,
1854.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (C. C. No. G) for the relief of William
H. Chase.
The bill directs the accounting officers of the
Treasury to pass to the credit of William H.
Chase, a major in the Army, in the settlement of
his accounts, the sum of $812 50, being for the
amount heretofoie disallowed him in lieu of quar-
ters and fuel in the years 1838 and 1839, and the
further sum of $150 tor money paid by him to Dr.
Wedderburn, of the Navy, for medical services;
and the further sum of f 130 /or money paid by
him for the hire of a vessel to convey him, in the
course of his duty, from Key West to Havana,
in 1845, amounting in all to $1,092 50.
The Committee of Claims reported an amend-
ment to strike out the item of $150 to be paid to
Dr. Wedderburn.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to amend
further by reducing the aggregate amount $150,
to correspond with the amendment just made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, ns amended, was then laid aside to be
reported to the House.
A bill (C. C. No. 2) for the relief of Asbury
Dicluns. [Objected to by Mr. J ones, of Ten-
nessee.]
A bill (C. C. No. 8) for the relief of Michael
Nourse. [Objected to by Mr. Wasiiburnu, of
Illinois.]
A bill (C. C. No. 5) for the relief of John
Robb. [Objected to by Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois.]
A bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of Collins
Bnomer.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay Collins Boomer $1,000, in full payment
for the sloop and provisions captured from him
in 1813 by the British, in consequence of his
employment of the sloop in the conveyance of
American troops upon the river St. Lawrfence.
Mr. CARLILE. 1 object.
Mr. EDWARDS. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his objection. The bill was unani-
mously reported by the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CARLILE. It seems that this claim ori-
ginated some forty years ago, and I think it is
very strange that it has never been paid before,
if it was due him.
Mr. GILBERT. It does not appear from the
report that the claim has ever been pressed before
Congress until now.
Mr. CARLILE. Very well. I will withdraw
my objection.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
A resolution to pay William Cooper the sum
of #400, for his services as laborer at the Capitol
during the Thirty-First and Thirty-Second Con-
gresses.
It appears from tho report that Cooper, in addi-
tion to labor for which he received compensation,
performed other labor about the Capitol during
the Thirty-First and Thirty-Second Congresses,
for which the sum of $100 per session has been
paid for like services during other sessions of
Congress.
The resolution was laid aside, to be reported
to the House.
A bill (H- R-- No. 339) for the relief of J. H.
F. Thornton, Lawrence Taliaferro, and Hay T.
Taliaferro, sureties of D. M. F. Thornton, late
a purser in the Navy of the United States. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
A bill (H. R. No. 340) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Joseph Nourse, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Greenwood.]
A bill (H. R. No. 342) to allow the legal rep-
resentatives of Samuel Jones, of the eleventh Vir-
ginia regiment on continental establishment, five
years' full pay as a captain of infantry, in lieu of
half pay for life. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of
Tennessee.]
A bill (H. R. No. 336) for the relief of Rans-
dell Pegg.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Ransdell Pegg $108 50 out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, being
the amount of difference of pay received by him
as a watchman at the east wing of the Patent
Office, and that received by the other watchman
of said building, from the 23d of July, 1849, to
1st of October, 1850.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 349) for the relief of An-
drew A. II. Knox and Joseph A. Campbell, or
their heirs and legal representatives.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I ask that that bill may bo
passed over informally.
It was so ordered.
An act (S. No. 240) to confirm the title of
Henry Volcker to a certain tract of land in the
Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. SAND1DGE. Upon the request of the
Delegate from New Mexico I objected to that bill
upon a former occasion, and I make the samo
objection now.
An act (S. No. 191) for the relief of Cezaire
Wallace, of the parish of Bossier, and State of
Louisiana.
The bill provides that Cezaire Wallace be con-
firmed in his claim to the two tracts of land,each
containing six hundred and forty acres, lying in
the State of Louisiana, and within the limits of
the late neutral territory, which said claims were
founded on inhabitation and cultivation, and
reported for confirmation by the register and re-
ceiver of the southwestern district of Louisiana
in their rrpoit, dated November 1, 1824, in con-
fomiity to the provisions of the act of Congress,
approved March 3,1823, and the act supplement-
ary thereto, approved May 26, 1824; which
claims are numbered, respectively, thirty-four
and fifty-six, and embraced in the third class
of the leport; that the confirmation made by the
act shall not be construed to extend further than
to a relinquishment of title on the part of the
United Stales; and the claims so confirmed shall
be located under the direction of the register and
receiver of the proper land oflice, in conformity
with the legal 8ubdivisionsof the public surveys,
so far as practicable, and shall include the im-
provements of the claimant; that upon the loca-
tion, as herein provided, such register shall for-
ward certificates thereof to the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, who, upon the receipt
thereof, shall cause patents to be issued to the
said Cezaire Wallace for the lands so located;
provided, the same does not exceed the quantity
hereby confirmed.
The Committee on Private Land Claims re-
ported the following amendment:
Add to the proviso the following: And if its location as
herein continued should interfere with any bona fide pre-
emption claim, or other adverse valid rerht., the same to
the extent of &ucii confhetion may be located on any public
land of the district to which there may be no existing pre-
emption or other valid claim, under such regulations as
may be prescribed by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office.
The amendment was agreed to.
