1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm*-
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act CS. No. 241) for the relief of the legal
representatives of John Morrison and Charles
Gmn. Reported with an amendment.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I ask that this bill may-
be passed by informally.
No objection being made, it was passed by.
An act (S. No. 194) for the relief of Joseph
Smith.
The bill authorizes Joseph Smith to locate,
free of cost, one hundred and sixty acres of land,
according to the legal subdivisions, on any of the
public lands of the United States subject to pri-
vate entry, in lieu of a location made by said
Smith on the west half of the southwest quarter
of section twenty-five, and the east half of the
southwest quarter of section twenty-six, in town-
ship seven south, of range fifteen west, in the
Kalamazoo land district, in the State of Michigan,
as assignee of military land warrant No. 5599,
and which location was canceled by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. And it
directs the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, upon the receipt of the certificate of loca-
tion from the register of the proper land office, to
issue a patent to the said Joseph Smith for the
lands so located.
On the 28th day of April, 1849, a bounty land
warrant was issued to William Hill, a private m
Captain Wittenmeyer's company, in the first
regiment of Michigan volunteers, in the war with
Mexico. Prior to the issuing of the said war-
rant, to wit, on the 2d of August, 1848, the said
William Hill departed this life, leaving no wife
or children, or relatives, as appears from the cer-
tificate of the judge of the probate court for Cass
county, Michigan; that said Hill, at the time of
his decease, was indebted for expenses incurred
during his last sickness in the sum of about one
hundred and twenty dollars, and left no personal
property for the payment of the said indebtedness.
On the 5th day of October, 1848, one Chailes S.
Clowes was duly appointed administrator of the
estate of the said Hill, who, on the loth of De-
cember, 1849, as such administrator, and under
the order of the probate judge, sold and assigned
the said warrant to the petitioner, Joseph Smith,
and applied the money thus realized to the liqui-
dation of the indebtedness of the said Hill, and
expenses of administration; that said warrant
was located by the said Smith upon the west half
of the southwest quarter of section twenty-five,
and east half of the southeast quarter of section
twenty-six, in township seven south, of range
fifteen west, m the Kalamazoo land district, in the
State of Michigan, which location was canceled
by order of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, m May, 1851, on the ground that the war-
rant issued after the death of said Hill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
whether the first part of the? report states when
this man entered the service.
The CHAIRMAN. The report does not state
the length of time of service, or when he entered
the service.
Mr. JONES. I have no doubt that the claimant
rendered the service, but the point I wish to get
at is this: under the general law, if a soldier die
before the warrant issues, and leave no widow or
children, brothers or sisters, I believe the warrant
js void, under the act of the Mexican service.
I3ut if this man entered the service after February,
1847, then this warrant, though issued after his
death, would, in my opinion, belong to his heirs
general, or to his creditors; because the law was
m existence at that time, and offered this bounty
of one hundred and sixty acres of land as an in-
ducement to persons to enlist in that war, and
therein differs from the acts of 1850 and 1855, which
gave a mere gratuity or bounty for services before
rendered. Those laws confined the bounty to
the soldier himself, his widow and minor children.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 38) granting one hundred
and sixty acres of land to Richard Smith, of Co-
shocton county, Ohio, for his services in the ex-
pedition against the Rickaree Indians. [Objected
to by Mr. Q,uitman.]
An act (S. No. 159) for the relief of James
Harrington.
Mr. LETCHER called for the reading of the
report.
The CHAIRMAN. No report accompanies
tjme bill.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I object.
An act (S. No. 158) for the relief of Dempsey
Pitt man.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury, under the direction of the Sec-
retary of War, to audit and settle the account of
Dempsey Pittman against the United States, for
his military services in Florida, in 1838, and pay
him such compensation and allowances as may be
found to be justly due him, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: pro-
vided, that the amount shall in no case exceed the
pay of a colonel of infantry for five months.
The report of the Senate Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was read.
I'he bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (II. R. No. 357) for the relief of the legal
representatives of William Austin, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
A bill (H. R. No. 11) for the relief of J. W.
Todd, a lieutenant of ordnance in the United
States Army.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to give credit to J. W. Todd, a
lieutenant of ordnance in the United States Army,
m the sum of $2,450, the same being the amount
placed in his hands by the United States, and
charged to him as a disbursing officer, which was
irrecoverably lost whilst in his charge and cus-
tody, by the burning and sinking of the steam-
boat Gipsey, on the Mississippi river, between
Baton Rouge and New Orleans, on the 7th of
December, 1854.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
an amendment, to strike out the second section,
as follows:
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That there be paid
to the said Todd, out of any moneys in the Trea>uiy not
otherwise appiopnated, the sum of $150, the valuf1 of hw
money, elotlim?, and other effects lost by the burning and
sinking of s>:ud vessel.
From the report, which was read, it appears
that Lieutenant Todd was in command of the
Baton Rouge arsenal; that it was a part of his
duty to collect, at various times, war warrants
issued in his favor in virtue of requisitions made
by him on the ordnance department; that to col-
lect those warrants he had to present them to the
sub-treasurer at New Orleans; that in the early
part of December, 1854, he presented three drafts
to the sub-treasurer aforesaid, amounting to
$2,450; that in returning to Baton Rouge on the
steamer Gipsey he deposited his funds in the safe
of the steamer, in charge of the chief clerk; that
at four o'clock on the morning of the 7th of De-
cember, 1854, the steamer was burned, some
twelve or fourteen passengers lost, the safe with
all its contents sunk, and the said Lieutenant J.
W. Todd barely escaping with his life, losing
all of his baggage, besides the public funds de-
posited in the safe aforesaid, amounting to the
aggregate of the drafts referred to, to wit: $2,450.
The bill referred to the committee proposes to
grant what the metnoiial of the said Todd prays
for, namely: a credit on the account of the said
Todd of the amount of the public funds lost which
stand charged against him, as well as an allow-
ance of the amount of his loss by reason of the
destruction of his baggage. The committee rec-
ommend the allowance of a credit to Lieutenant
Todd of the amount of public money lost by him,
for the reason that he appears to have taken every
possible precaution for the safety of the money,
and because the loss was the iesult of unavoid-
able accident; but the committee do not conceive
that Lieutenant Todd has any claim upon the
Government for the destruction of his private
baggage.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,as
amended, was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 338) for the relief of George
Schelhnger. The bill requires the Secretary of.
the Treasury to pay, out of any money in the
I Treasury not otherwi&e appropriated, the sum
of ยง284 25, in full for damages sustained by him
by reason of destruction of property by the Army
of the United States during the Black 1-Iawk war.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark
that the bill is defective in flaniing no prerson to,
whom the amount is to be paid. If there be no1
objection, an amendment will be made, fosertittg
the name which appears in the title of the bill.
The amendmentwas agreed to.
The bill, as anrended, was laid aside to be-
reported to the House.
An act (S. No. 63) to authorize and dfrec't the
settlement of the account of the Bank of the State
of Missouri for money advanced for the subsist-
ence and transportation of volunteers.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury Department to audit the account
of the Bank of the State of Missouri against the
United States, for money advanced, in 1846 for
subsistence and transportation of certain com-
panies of volunteers, which, by order of General'
E. P. Gaines, assembled at St. Louis, Missouri,
in May and June of that year, with the view of
being mustered into the service of the* United
States, in the same manner as if the said com-
panies had been regularly received into the ser-
vice, and the payment of the balance which may
be found to be due to the said bank, with interest
thereupon; provided that the amount authorized
to be paid snail not exceed $663 78, with interest
from the 1st of June, 1846, and that the account
be sustained by such vouchers as are required in
similar cases.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the interest wherever it occurs in the bill.
Mr. KENNETT. I hope the gentleman will
not insist upon his amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I do insist upon it. I will
not consent to pay interest upon any claim against
the Government. If interest be allowed, I shall
object to the bill.
Mr. KENNETT. Well, sir, it will be better
to have the principal without the interest than not
to have anything at all. I hope, therefore, the
amendment will be agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House.
A bill (H. R. No. 359) increasing the pension
of George W. Torrence.
The bill increases the pension allowed to
George W. Torrcnce, by the act approved July
17, 1854, to forty dollars per month, commencing
from the date of the beginning of his present
pension, in consideration of his great disability
by reason of wounds received at the National
Bridge, Mexico, on the 9th of September, 1847.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 137) for the relief of Amos B.
Eaton, a commissary of subsistence in the United
States Army.
The bill directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury to allow and credit to Amos B.
Eaton, a commissary of subsistence in the United
States Army, the sum of $1,137 79, the amount
paid by hnu to William Sibley, William H.
Spencer, and A. Herbert, who were clerks in the
United States commissary department, for ser-
vices rendered by them as auctioneers in the sales
of certain damaged and surplus subsistence stores
at Brazos Island, Texas, and at Monterey, Mex-
ico, in 1847 and 1848.
The bill was laid aside to-be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 184) for the relief of Samuel
Forrest.
The bill directs the accounting officers of the
Treasury to allow to Samuel Forrest two and a
half per cent, upon the amount of military contri-
butions received by him while acting as purser to
the United States ship Ohio, on the coast of the
Pacific, during the Mexican war, and that the
same be paid out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated; the said allowance to
be in full compensation for all extra services, ex-
i penses, and losses, during the period aforesaid,
J according to the spirit of the act of March 3,1849,
I " to provide for the settlement of accounts of
j public officers and others who may have received
| moneys arising from military contributions, or
i otherwise, in Mexico.5'
| The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
| House.
I An act for the relief of Mrs. Agatha O'B
! widow of Brevet Major J. P/J. O'Brifen, JAtt of
I the United States Army.
