1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
4TS
that State; but the question of fact became un-
important, in consequence of the decision of the
Chair, that a majority of all entitled to seats—if
the Senate were full, a majority of sixty-two—
was necessary for the transaction of business. I
think, too—though upon this point my memory is
not so distinct—that a vote was taken by the
Senate, sustaining that decision. At all events,
the decision was acquiesced in.
The PRESIDENT. There are three vacancies
in the Senate, which may not be filled for some
time to come.
Mr. BUTLER. I will solve the difficulty by
calling for the yeas and nays upon the last vote.
I tlnnk there are enough Senators present to
decide it without compromiting the decision of
tlie Chair on this constitutional question.
The PRESIDENT. It is important to settle
that question, and hence I took the liberty of
interrupting the Senator from Tennessee.
Mr. FOOT. My own recollection concurs
entirely with the statement of the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Fish,] that some four years ago
this question was raised, was considered at length,
and fully debated by some of the most experi-
enced members of the Senate. I remember that
Mr. Berrien, of Georgia, Mr. Badger, of North
Carolina, and Mr. Underwood, of Kentucky,
participated m the debate; and it was then decided
by the Senate that a quorum must consist of a
majority of the whole number constituting the
Senate of the United States; 111 other words, a
majority of sixty-two.
Mr. HUNTER. That is my impression, and
I think it has been so settled more than once.
The PRESIDENT. If that be the true con-
struction, there is not a quorum of Senators
present.
Mr. WELLER. A great many new Senators
have come m since that decision was made,whose
judgment may not, perhaps, be in accordance
with that ruling. I believe that a majority of
those legnliy entitled to seats in the Senate con-
stitute a quorum for the transaction of business
under the Constitution; but I wish to avoid that
question now. I do not desire that it shall be
decided here, where it is immaterial. Let it come
up at some other time. We can settle that ques-
tion whenever a case is presented of sufficient im-
portance to justify it. The present difficulty will
be obviated by acceding to the request of my
friend from South Carolina, who calls for the
yeas and nays. 1 am satisfied that there is a
quorum present, according to either construction
of the Constitution; and I think the yeas and
nays will show it.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will put the
question whether the yeas and nays shall be or-
dered on reading the paper.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understood my friend
from Tennessee to say that he was sufficiently
satisfied that a majority of the Senate prefened
that the paper should not bo read, and therefore
would not press it further.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Tennessee withdraw his call for the reading of
the paper?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ccrtainly intended
to be understood as stated by my friend from
Louisiana. I am incapable of pressing upon the
Senate anything repugnant to their feelings, how-
ever much I may differ from them in judgment.
I am persuaded that the time will come when even
my friend from Florida will regret having refused
the reading of this statement. I feel assured that
the time will come when every Senator will feel
that he may, by possibility—unintentionally,
doubtless—have done injustice and injury to an
innocent man. But, sir, it is not my purpose to
debate this question. I acquiesce in what seems
to be the sense of the Senate. I hope that the
Senate will proceed at once to dispose of the res-
olution before them. Let the Senator from Flor-
ida move his amen4ment, and then let us pass the
resolution. At a subsequent time I shall read or
publish the statement which I hold in my hand.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the resolution will
be passed. I have no opposition to make to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Did I understand that an
amendment was to be offered to the resolution?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir, I shall offer no
amendment, and I shall make no opposition to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was anxious to say some-
thing on this subject, and it is yet my desire to
be l.jard;butl have no wish to delay the passage
of the resolution, if it is important to have it
acted on; but if that be not so, I should desire to
avail myself of the first opportunity to address
the Senate upon the subject. 1 do not know
when that will be. I should have moved to fix
Monday, but that day has already been appro-
priated for the consideration of another subject.
Several Senators. Say to-morrow.
Mr. HOUSTON. It will not be possible for
me to proceed to-morrow.
Mr. MALLORY. If the Senator will allow
this resolution to be passed, he can speak upon
the report of the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. When will the committee
make a report ?
Mr. MALLORY. In a short time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then 1 will postpone my
remarks until it shall be presented.
The resolution was adopted.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 20, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the resolution reported from the Committee of
Elections.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. BERNH1SEL. I ask the unanimous
consent to introduce some bills of which previous
notice has been given.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I have a proposition to
offer to the gentleman from Utah, and to the
House. It is, that, by general consent, the House
devote half an hour to the reception of bills of
which previous notice has been given, in order
that they may be referred only.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope that
proposition will be agreed to.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I have no objection
to that, provided it be limited to such bills as will
not give rise to debate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Half an hour will
not be sufficient.
Mr. HOUSTON. Jf the time is extended be-
yond half an hour, I shall object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is important,
with a view to get business before the committees,
that papers may be withdrawn from the files of
the House, and referred to the committees. Will
that be in order under the proposition made by
the gentleman from Arkansas?
Mr. HOUSTON. If the proposition of the
gentleman from Virginia, in refeicncu to the with-
drawing of papers, is agreed to, it will consume
the whole half hour, for the reason that there are
questions in reference thereto to be settled by the
House, of winch questions the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Haven] spoke the other day.
The SPEAKER. Papers can be withdrawn
and referred to committees of the House under
the rules of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no objection to that.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to the proposition of
the gentleman from Arkansas. Half an hour is
not half time enough.
RESOLUTIONS—UTAH.
Mr. BERNIIISEL then, by unanimous con-
sent, presented the following resolutions; which
were severally read, considered, and agreed to:
Rejoined, That the Committor on Military Affair^ bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of lefunding to the
Temtoiy of Utah the expenses incurred by said Territory
in FupprerfMng Indian hostilities in the year 18G3; and that
said committee report by bill or otheivvise. .
Resolved, «Th.u the Committee of Ways and Means be
instiueted to inquire into the expediency of providing fot the
completion of the territorial capitol of Utah ; and that said
committee icport by bill or otherwise.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing for the
construction of a military road fiom Bridgets' Pa^s, m the
Rockv Mountains, to Great Salt Lake City, m the Temtory
of Utcih; and that said committee report by bill or otherwise.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 appeal to the gentle-
man from Georgia, [Mr. Seward,] who inter-
posed objection to spending half an hour in the
reception of bills of which previous notice has
been given, and which give rise to no debate, to
withdraw that objection.
Mr. SEWARD. It is useless to consume th*
time of the House in that way. Gentlemen who
are most fortunate in obtaining the eye of the
Speaker will get m their bills, and none others.
If gentlemen will agree to an hour, I will with-
draw mv objection.
Mr. fiOtfSTON. Then I shall object.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would modify my
resolution, but it will then be objected to.
Mr. HOUSTON. We can try half an hour*
and then, if we find that it works unequally, and
does not do justice to ail parts of the House, we
can extend it another half hour.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not desire to be captious >
and to gratify gentlemen I withdraw my objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. There being no objection,,
the suggestion of the gentleman from Arkansas,
is agreed to, to have half an hour assigned for the-
introduction of bills, of which previous notice has
been given, for the purpose of reference only, and
which will not give rise to debate.
Mr. SMITH. Let the call be by States; there
is no other way.
The States were then called for bills in compli-
ance with the order, commencing with the State
of Maine.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have a res-
olution which I desire to offer.
Mr. McMULLIN. The order only refers to"
bills of which previous notice has been given.
Mr. WASHBURN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to allow me to introduce the
resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON By the express order of the
House this half hour is to be consumed in the in-
troduction of bills.
Mr. WASHBURN. Then I withdraw the res-
olution, and give notice that as soon as the half
hour has expired I will olfcr it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire
from the Chair if the call of the States has not
been commenced, and hud made some progress-
the other day?
The SPEAKER. That call was for resolu-
tions, and not for bills.
Mr. BENSON offeied to present a memorial.
Mr. HOUSTON. Under the rule memorials
cannot be received.
Mr. BENSON. May I not present this me-
morial at this time ?
The SPEAKER. The order under which the'
House is acting relates to bills only.
Mr. MILLSON introduced the following billr
of which previous notice had been given: A bill to
repeal an act entitled an act to promote the effi-
ciency of the Navy.
The bill was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. FAULKNER introduced the following
bills, of which previous notice had been given*
which were severally read a first and second time-
by their respective titles, as follows, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs:
A bill to prohibit officers of the Army and Navy
from having an interest in contracts for the siip-
ply of any articles for any branch of the service
to which such officers belong;
A bill extending the provisions of the act of
August 11, 1848, to the widows and orphans of
persons dying in the military service of the
United States; and
A bill explanatory of an act entitled an act to
increase the pay of the rank and file of the Army,
and to encourage enlistments.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, introduced bills, of
which previous notice had been given; which were
severally read a first and second time by their
respective titles, as follows, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill to amend an acUapproved August 4, 1854,
entitled an act to graduate and reducc the price of
the public lands to actual cultivators and settlers.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill to grant to the State of Alabama, and
i other States havingjmblic lands therein, the un-
j sold and unappropriated public lands that have
i been m market for twenty years and upwards, for
; purposes of education and internal improvement,.
• Referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
i A bill to authorize the States and Territories in
| which sixteenth sections are situated to relinquish
i such land, reserved or granted for the use of
