464
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 8,
34th C«ng....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr._ Geyer.
Senate.
same I have in my hand; I think it had more
signatures to it than are here appended. This
pamphlet is dated January the 19th. The prop-
osition to organize the two Territories was re-
ported as a substitute for the bill, on the 23d of
January, and consequently this paper could not
have had reference to it; but the subject was
before Congress. It was known that a large
number of the members of the two Houses would
not consent to vote for a proposition containing
the prohibition of slavery, whatever they might
otherwise be willing to do. This document,which
was evidently gotten up for agitation in advance,
purports to be signed by " S. P. Chase, Senator
from Ohio; Charles Sumner, Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; J. R. Giddings and Edward Wade,
Representatives from Ohio; Gerritt Smith, Rep-
resentative from New York; Alexander De Witt,
Representative from Massachusetts;" in which
they say:
" We arraign the bill as -a frogs violation of a sacred
pledge ; as a criminal betrayal of precious rights; as part
and parcel of an atrocious plot to exclude from a vast un-
occupied region, immigrants from the Old World, and free
laborers from our own States, and convert it into a dreary
region of despotism, inhabited by masters and slaves."
Such is the language employed with respect to
the bill when it contained no provision on the
subject, leaving the Missouri prohibition unre-
pealed, which, if it had any force, excluded
slavery. But the object was to get up the political
agitation of the slavery question. I need not tell
Senators here what was the result of it. If any
of them have forgotten it, let them read the Jour-
nals, and see how the memorials came pouring in
upon us during the pendency of the bill; some of
which were written before the substitute was
reported.
The address invites the people to take their
■maps, and see how extensive and valuable the
country, and how great the enormity of excluding
foreigners and northern laborers " from the rich
lands and large territory" embraced by the bill;
and proceeds:
K It is hoped, doubtless,hy compellmgthe commerce and
tlie whole travel between the East and the West to pass
for hundreds of miles through a Blaveholding region in the
heart of the continent, and by the influence of a territorial
?;overnment controlled by the slave power, to extinguish
reedom and establish slavery in the Stares and Territories
of the Pacific, and thus permanently subjugate the whole
country to the yoke of a slaveholding despotism."
The note appended shows that the signers had
not, at the time of the first publication, any
knowledge of any other proposition on the subject
of slavery than those offered by Mr. Dixon, then
a Senator from Kentucky, and the Senator from
Massachusetts. The note states that the Ne-
braska bill was promptly printed, and after remain-
ing some time here amendments were reported, i
which proposed two territorial governments; to
strike out the clerical errors before referred to,
and insert elsewhere in the bill a clause excepting
from the laws of the United States extended over
the territory " the Missouri prohibition." Some
other names had appeared m the first edition, 1
and we find here an apology for their non-appear- >
ance in the second:
" So far as other signatures than those of the independent
Democrats in Congress have been printed in connection
with the foregoing appeal, it has been through mistake. The
independent Democrats represent the only powerful polit-
ical organization fully committed against the extension and '
nationalization of slavery, and, therefore^ though they trust
that there are many in both Houses who will with them
oppose Uie repeal of the Misseuri prohibition, tliey yet
thought it best that an appeal to the people of the country, i
setting forth their reasons for opposition, and their determ- !
ination toraite anew the standard of liberty and Democracy,
should it be beaten down in the impending struggle,  h(nM
bear only their own signatures,
I understand from this note that the names of
Senators and Representatives had been subscribed
to the first edition without their consent" through
mistake," and, they being unwilling to be com-
mitted to an undertaking of doubtful success, the
six "independent Democrats" take upon them-
selves the whole responsibility of renewing the
political agitation on the subject of slavery by !
this proclamation of a political tournament a {
struggle for supremacy by sectional organization.!
You will remember, sir, the debate in both
Houses of Congress, and the effect on the public I
mind. Almost the instant it became probable
that the bill would be passed by the House of
Representatives, the .first aid society that I ever
heard of was formed here in Washington. One
of the members of the House of Representatives
from Massachusetts, (Mr. Goodrich,) was the
president of the society, and another from Indi-
ana, (Mr. Mace,) the secretary. It is now pre-
tended that this, and other such societies, were
organized for the purpose of purchasing tickets
by wholesale and selling them by retail, at cost,
to the emigrants who desired to go to Kansas;
but that of which I speak was organized here by
politicians, with a view evidently to efficiency in
the struggle for political supremacy.
The aid society incorporated in Massachusetts
declare that their object is "to determine in the
right way the institutions of unsettled Territories
in less time than has been required in Congress."
I quote from their circular, part of which was
read by the honorable Senator from Tennessee,
[Mr. Jones.]
ij The same society issued an address to the
1 people of Missouri m September last, professing
1 to explain the motives and purposes of the or-
ganization, the substance of which appears to be
that—"Thousands of emigrants were attracted
by the soil and climate of Kansas, and the s<y:iet.y
was organized for the purpose of enabling them
to go conveniently and cheaply, to procure tickets
at wholesale, and sell them to emigrants at retail
at cost, and furnish facilities to men who mean to
live in a free State." These facilities, you will
observe, cannot be the tickets, and must be some-
thing else;—probably it was a box of them that
was arrested at Lexington, Missouri, very re-
cently, marked " carpenters' tools."
t But the emigrants were " attracted by soil and
climate !" It is wonderful how sudden and ex-
clusive became their affection for this Territory
of Kansas. Nebraska had no attraction fortliem.
Illinois, in the same latitude, had lost hers; and
so had Indiana. Very suddenly, it would seem,
thousands became captivated by a soil and climate
of which not one in fifty had ever heard prior to
the controversy here, in Congress, in 1854. This
society, they say, was formed to enable these
captivated emigrants to go " conveniently and
cheaply !" We are told that these were among
the very best inhabitants of Massachusetts.
What was it that so suddenly came over that
ancient Commonwealth, that she became anxious
to export Her best citizens, and that it was neces-
sary to provide for them the means by which
tliey could go " conveniently and cheaply ?"
Sir, are the people of Massachusetts, or else-
where in New England,of the high respectability
of these emigrants, so incapable of taking care of
themselves, that they must have a society organ-
ized and incorporated to enable them to go
" conveniently and cheaply," to procure tickets
at^wholesale and retail them at cost? An associ-
ation organized in the latitude in which this con-
ducts its operations, professing to have for its
object the purchase of any commodity at whole-
sale, and retail at cost, is, I think, suspicious.
They are not in that region so unthrifty as to
engage in any such unprofitable trade. But they
are to " furnish facilities to men who mean to live
in a free State!"—a significant expression to be
found in the concluding part of the address to the
people of Missouri! Now, what " facilities'' are
these? Not tickets, certainly, sold to them
cheaply—and no other aid is furnished to enable
them to get to Kansas; they deny that they fur-
nish them with any money. They say the
emigrants bear all their own expenses, and all the
Society did was to furnish them with tickets.
The facilities are for service in Kansas, and
adapted to the purpose of men who mean to live
in a free State, that is, determined to make Kan-
sas a free State at any cost.
Mr. Thayer, their secretary, in February last
undertook to reply to the message of the Presi-
dent, and he winds up by saying that it was " a !
voluntary association within the pale of law," and
therefore not to be reprobated. The honorable j
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] says
"they haye violated no law, human or divine."
That depends on what we regard as divine law.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
says they were organized " in the northern States
for the purpose of aiding emigrants to go there i
with the avowed purpose of making Kansas a
free State, and that they had an undoubted rigkt,
todoso;"and asks, " Did you see any thing crim-
inal? No, sir." I do not undertake to say that
they have violated any statute, or are punishable
as criminals under any Jaw. The minority re-
Fort justifies the organization on the same ground.
t says " it is a lawfully associated effort." Yes,
! it is incorporated—" to advance the great object"
political supremacy—" by lawful means, it being
permitted by the laws of the country."
The principle which is here announced is, that
everything is right, every thing is justifiable, every-
thing is commendable, in the effort to achieve a
political supremacy, which is not forbidden by
positive law, or criminally punishable. Sir, it
was said of the Pharisees, that they never were
known to violate the letter of a precept, nor re-
spect a principle of the moral law. Is there, then,
no protection to persons and property, but that
which is to be found in the statute-book ? Is that
the only standard of morals, the only rule of con-
duct for individuals, societies, or States? Mr.
President, I have been taught to believe that there
were obligations between members of society and
, States which did not depend upon any positive
enactment. There is mischief in the opposite
sentiment. It has been applied to the relations of
these States, and it was very correctly remarked
by my honorable friend from South Carolina,
[Mr. Butler,] that what is true law, as announced
by the Supreme Court, has been perverted to mis-
chievous uses in the relations of these States
toward each other. I refer to the opinion of that
court in the case of Prigg vs. The Commonwealth
of Pennsylvania, in which it is asserted (and it
is undoubtedly true) that these States, as inde-
pendent nations, are not bound to protect the
rights of the citizens of their co-States, in property
found within their jurisdiction, except so far as
the obligation is imposed by the Constitution.
All else is a matter of comity, and it is, unhap-
pily, too true, that there is lesS comity between
the States of this Union than between the inde-
pendent Powers of Europe.
The antagonism and hostility between the
• States and the people, engendered by the agita-
tion of the slavery question, is aggravated by hos-
tile legislation and the struggle for political power
by a sectional party warring upon the institu-
tions of one half the States of the Union.
There is now in force in Massachusetts a stat-
ute, founded on a construction of the obligation
of that State, that " sticks in the bark" remark-
ably close—a labored effort to keep within the
letter and evade the spirit of the Constitution, to
which I shall hereafter advert in another connec-
tion. But before the passage of that act, a slave,
escaping or taken by violence from his owner
while sojourning or passing through that State,
could not be arrested and restored to .his owner,
1 and if arrested would be discharged on habeas
corpus, because the Constitution provides only
for the rendition of fugitives who escape into one
State from another. In Pennsylvania, some years
ago, a female fugitive from another State gave
birth to a child: the mother was returned, the
child was held to be free; being born in the State
was not escaping " into" it.
You will remember how common it was for
the Legislatures of the free States to exert their
ingenuity in legislating to defeat the purpose of
the act of 1793 for the rendition of fugitives, re-
fusing their prisons, and imposing penalties on
their officers who undertook to execute the law,
because they were not bound to do it by the Con
stitution.
I agree that, by law, they are not bound to
provide for the restoration of any property in any
case not embraced by the Constitution; but l
cannot agree that we have no other obligations
than those enjoined on us by the Constitution or
the statute law, and which can be specifically ex-
ecuted by the process of a court. No; keeping
within the letter of the Constitution will not
justify hostile legislation by any State against
sister States or their citizens; keening within the
pale of the law, furnishes no justification to indi-
viduals or organized societies for offensive aggres-
sion, nor exempts them from moral responsibility
for the known consequences of their voluntary
acts.
Now, let me inquire how does it happen that
the aid societies direct all their efforts to the col-
