9074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- • The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Mrs. Agatha O'Brien,
widow of Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien, such
sums of money as may be found due to her late
husband, as captain of artdlerf, from the 31st of
December, 1849, when lie was la?: paid, to the
31st of March, 1850, the day of his death.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported
the bill with the following amendment, as an ad-
- ditional section:
Sec.-2. And be it further cnacted, That the proper ac-
counting officers of the Treasury audit and settle the
accounts of the late Major J. P. J, O'Brien, of the United
States Army, upon the piineiples of equity and justice.
The memorialist states <£ that her late husband
wasassistantquartermaster United States Army,
from 1847 to the time of his death, and, as such,
disbursed large sums of public money at various
places, particularly at Camargo, Mexico, an d In di-
anola, Texas; that while actually in the perform-
anceofhisduties" * * * "he was seized with
cholera and died after a few hours* illness, at In-
dianola, on March 31, 1850, necessarily leaving
his accounts in a very unsettled condition. Upon
a settlement of his accounts at the Treasury, a
balance of about seven hundred dollars stands
charged against him, wlule his pay and emolu-
ments, for the, quarter ending on the day he died,
are, to his credit, $335 50.
Mr. LETCHE11. If I understand the report,
t^**e IS- ^ J. P. J. O'Brien, on the books of
the United States, a balance of some four hun-
dred dollars; and the bill provides that an allow-
ance shall be paid to his widow.
file CHAIRMAN. There is a balance due
from him, upon the books of the Department, of
some seven hundred dollars, and the bill proposes
to pay to his widow the amount of Ins pay and
emoluments from the 3d of December, 1849,
■when he was last paid, to the 1st day of March,
1850, the day of his death.
Mr. LETCHER. What is to be done with
the book account in the meantime? Does the
committee make any recommendation upon that
nubject ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. The amendment directs
the accounting officer of the Treasury to settle
his accounts.
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire if the sec-
ond section is intended to cause the account to be
balanced upon the books?
Mr. WILLIAMS!. It is.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I prefer to say so in-
stead of going through tins round about way of
doing so. I move to amend by sinking out the
amendment reported by the committee—the sec-
ond section—and inserting the following in lieu
thereof:
Sfc. 2. Jln<l be it further enacted, 'J'liaf the piopcr ac-
counting officer of tllo Trcustuy balance the uccouni of the
late Major J, i\ J. O'llnen, on thi- books of the (limed
States, and pay over to the mrmuiialist ttie balance that
may be due Major J. P. J. O'Hrii-nfor lm services.
^The amendment to the amendment was agreed
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
A bill (S. No. 3G0) to reimburse the State of
Vermont the expenses incurred by her in payin"
her militia, called out m 1838and 183U to preserve
the neutrality of the country.
The billdnccts the Secretary of the Treasury to 1
pay to the State of Vermont, out of any moneys ^
Jii the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the I
sum of $4,00!)^ 18, the same being the amount ex- '
pended by said State in paying and subsisting !
her militia, called out to preserve the neutrality
of the United States, then .involved in the troubles
on the Canada frontier.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. 1 ask that the reading of
the report, which is a lengthy one, may bo dis-
pensed with. The Committee on Military Affairs
were unanimous in reporting this bill, being sat-
lsfied that the sum of $4,009 18 was expended by
the State of Vermont for the purposes stated in
the bill. ' 1
The reading of the report was dispensed with,
House ^ WaS as^c t0 ®3e reported to the
An act directing payment to George P. Marsh
for judicial services rendered by him, under the
act of August 11, 1S48, while minister resident
to the Ottoman Porte. [Objected to by Mr.
Wheeler.]
A bill for the relief of William Hunter, chief
clerk of the Department of State. [Objected 1%
by Mr. Hughston.]
A bill for the relief of Peter Parker, late secre-
tary of legation at Canton, China. [Objected to
by Mr. Orr.]
A bill for the relief of Step,hen II. Weems, late
consul at Guatemala. fObiected to bv Mr.
Letcher ]
A bill for the relief of George W. Lippitt.
[Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
An act (H. R. No. 365) for the relief of Charles
L. Denman.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Charles L. Denman $200, in full
consideration of a like sum by him advanced to
the Pacific Mail Company, for the passage of two
American citizens from Acapulco, in Mexico, to
San Francisco, California, and to be paid out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 366) for the relief of Rebec-
ca Smith.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Rebecca Smith on the roll of
revolutionary pensions for the State of Georgia,
under the act of July 7, 1838, and the other acts
subsequent thereto, continuing the. benefits of said
acts to the recipients thereof, and pay her a pen-
sion, at the rate of $100 a year, under said act,
during her natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 367) for the relief of Mary
Winship, widow of Oscar I''. Winship.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Mary B. Winship, widow of
the late Major Oscar P. Winship, deceased, on
the pension roll at the rate of fifty dollars a
month, from the 13th day of December, 1855, for
and during her natural life.
The report was read.
Mr, McMULLIN. It seems to me that the
distinction between the amounts to be paid m this
bill and that in the last is too great. As far as I
can see, the principle is precisely the same. I
would inquire of the gentleman who reported the
hill, whether he will not consent to an amend-
ment reducing the amount?
Mr. OLIVER, of New York. \Vhat amend-
ment does the gentleman propose?
M r. McAIULLlN. Well, sir, the last bill pro-
vided a pension of only §1(10 a year, and this for
a pension of $50 per month. 1 cannot see the
distinction between the two eases.
Mr. JONES, of T enncssec. I would inquire
what rank this Wmshipheld. I understand that
his rank was that of caplam, and that his pension
under the general law would have been only
twenty dollars per month. I ihink the full dis-
ability pension is all the husband would' have
received under the general law.
^ Mr. McMULLIN. Upon the statement of my
friend from Tennessee, I will move to strike out
" fifty dollars," and insert " twenty dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House.
n A bill (H. R. No. 368) for the relief of Ursula
K. Cobb, widow of Charles Cobb.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Ursula E. Cobb, widow of
the Inte Charles Cobb, n gunner in the naval
service of the Uniied .States, upon the list of
those pensioners who are allowed pensions by
the act entitled "An act for the more eqiutable.
administration of the Navy pension fund," ap-
proved March 3, 1837, and to allow her, as the
widow of Cobb, a pension, agreeable to the pro-
visions of said act, and that her pension com-
mence on the 9th of May, 1853.
The bill was-laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. McMULLIN moved that the committee
August 12,
The motion was not agreed to.
A bill (H, R. No. 369) for the relief of Albro
Tripp.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Albro Tripp upon the invalid
pension roll at the rate of twenty dollars per
month, in lieu of the pension to which he is
entitled under the law of Congress approved
August 3, 3854, to commence oil the 1st of De-
cember, 1855, t.o continue during his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 369) for the relief of Mary
Ann Clark. '
The bill and report were read.
Mr. LETCHER. If disease were contracted
in Mexico, the surgeon of the army who had
charge of this claimant's husband could certify
the fact.
Mr. OLIVER. He was taken ill with this
disease in Mexico, and it grew upon him after
he left the service. He was taken into the coun-
try and died, and his widow has had no oppor-
tunity to get the certificate of the surgeon.
Mr. LETCHER. Others are required to pro-
duce a certificate, and I do not see why this case
should be an exception. I object to the bill.
A bill (H. R. No. 371) for the relief of Dolly
Empson.
The bill directs that the name of Dolly Empson,
of the State of Tennessee, widow of Jacob Emp-
son, deceased, a private in the war of 1812, shall
be placed on the pension roll; and that she be
allowed and paid, by the proper officer of the
Government, such pension as is now allowed by
law to the widows of soldiers who were killed
in battle, or died in the service of wounds received
in battle, or of disease contracted in the service
in the line of their duty, or who died at any time
after being discharged of wounds received, or of
disease contracted, while m the service and in the
line of their duty, to commence on the 1st of
January, 1856.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 372) for the relief of Lyman
N. Cook.
The bill directs that the name of Lyman N.
Cook be placed on the pension roll of the United
States, and that he receive an annual pension of
$22 50 per month, during his natural life, to be
paid to him out of the Treasury of the United
States.
The bill wa3 laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 210) to increase the pension of
Alpheus T. Palmer,late a lieutenant m the ninth
regiment United States infantry.
■The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to pay to Alpheus T. Palmer, late a lieutenant in
the ninth regiment United States infantry, a pen-
i Mon at the rate of thirty dollars per months in-
stead of the pension of seventeen dollars per
month, which he has heretofore received.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An net (S. No. 208) for the relief of Betsey
Whipple. 3
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Betsey Whipple, widow of
Stephen Whipple, late a pensioner of the United
States, upon the roll of pensioners, and pay to
her annually, during her widowhood, the sum of
ninety-six dollars, to commence on the 28th of
June, 1853.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to tha
House.
SjNEED. I move that the committee rise.
With the consent of the committee, I desire to
state my reasons for making the motion. There
is a bill which was, at an early day of the ses-
sion, placed upon the calendar of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. It is a
bill to liquidate the unadjusted contracts of the
Tennessee river improvements. It is really a
private bill, and involves a case of very great
hardship. It was reported long before these bills
. which we are now acting upon; and I desire,
j when we get into the House, to call it up for con-
1 sideration.
The motion was not agreed to.
An act (S. No. 315) granting a pension to
Samuel B. Porter, a soldier in the late war with
Great Britain.
The bill dire els the Secretary of the Interior to
