1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
that the bill has been read a second time, and
that the question now is on its reference.
Mr. JONES. As soon as the title of the bill
was read, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith] rose in his place and objected.
Mr. SMITH. I most certainly objected to the
bill as soon as the title was read.
Mr. JONES. The 116th rule prescribes that,
if there be objection, the first question put shall
be on the rejection of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand that objection was made. The call is made
for the previous question.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The half hour has ex-
pired, and I now call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The half hour has not yet
expired.
Mr. CRAWFORD. When, then, does it ex-
pire r
The SPEAKER. At twenty minutes to one
o'clock.
Mr. SMITH. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The gentleman from Indiana*proposes
that the bill introduced by him be referred to the
Committee on Territories; and on that motion
calls for the previous question. The gentleman
from Virginia raises the question of order, whether
the call for the previous question is in order. The
Chair decides under the usage of the House that
it is. From that decision the gentleman from
Virginia takes an appeal. The question now is,
*4 Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the House?"
Mr. CRAIGE. That is not the question. The
Chair docs not state the ground of the appeal.
The appeal, if I properly understand it, and I
think 1 do, is this: there was this morning an
agreement and an order'of the House, that bills
might be introduced by general consent, but only
bills to which there should be no objection—not
bills of a controversial character. To this bill
there was objection, and the Chair decides that it
is in order. Wc hold under the order that it is
not m ordei; and on this ground it is that the
gentleman from Virginia takes his appeal.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
gentleman from Indiana moves that the hill be
referred to the Committee on Territories. The
Chair entertains the motion. The gentleman from
Virginia objects to the motion on the ground that
lie wishes to debate the proposition.
Mr. CRAIGE. No, sir.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will state his question of order.
Mr. SMITH. I will "do so; and I wish the
House to distinctly understand it, because it will
have to pass on it. When a proposition was made
to get business before committees, it was agreed,
by general consent, that the States should be
called, and that all bills to which there was no
objection, and gave rise to no debate, should be
entertained. The object was to get the ordinary
current business of the House before the commit-
tees, that the committees might get to work.
When the gentleman from Indiana made his mo-
tion to commit the bill, or when he offered the
bill, the very moment I could get the ear of the
Speaker I made objection, and distinctly stated
that I wished to discuss the matter
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
objection was made when the bill had been read a
second time, and the question was on its reference.
Mr. SMITH. To push this bill through m
this way is not in conformity with the under-
standing of the House in the adoption of the order
this morning, that only the current business, busi-
ness to which there was no objection, and which
would lead to no controversy, should be enter-
tained. It is a gross and palpable violation of
the faith under which the order was made. This
bill is objected to, and members do desire its dis-
cussion;* it is not to be entertained under the
order, and it is therefore that I take an appeal
from the decision of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman objects, on
the ground that he wishes to debate the bill. The
question is on the motion to refer. The Chair
decides that it is in order. The gentleman from
Virginia takes an appeal. The question is," Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment
of the House?'*
Mr. CRAWFORD. I demand the yeas and
nays on that question.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I desire to make a
suggestion on the point of order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. GREENWOOD obtained the floor.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a privileged question.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I yield the floor to the
gentleman from Georgia.
Mr. SEWARD. My objection, it will be now
seen, was well founded; and, as the half hour is
now expired, I move that the House proceed to
the regular order of business.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to say to the
gentleman, that he will recollect that some time
had elapsed, alter the order was adopted, before
the House proceeded to execute the order.
Mr. SEWARD. But the half hour has expired,
and 1 insist on the enforcement of the rule.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I do not understand
that it has yet expired.
The SPEAKER. The time has expired.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 rose for the purpose
of stating, if 1 am in order, what 1 understand to
have been the order of the House this morning.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order, as the time under the order has expired.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the Chair announce the
regular order of business?
kansas election.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the resolution reported from the Committee of
Elections yesterday, and the question is upon
agreeing to the resolution, upon which the House
has ordered the main question.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I moved yesterday to
lay the resolution upon the tabic.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman made the
motion, but it was not stated by the Chair. The
resolution will be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That in the Kansas contested-election ease the
Committee ot Elections he, and are hereby, empowered to
send ibr persons and papers.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to lay the reso-
lution upon the table; and upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. Do I understand the Chair
to dccide that the previous question is operating
now ? Was not the previous question exhausted
upon the motion to recommit?
The SPEAKER. It was not exhausted. The
previous question, under the rules, bears upon
the main question.
Mr. McMULLIN. I respectfully suggest to
the gentleman to withdraw the previous question,
to allow us to amend the resolution, so as to make
it acceptable to both sides of the House. I flat-
ter myself it can be done.
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered, and cannot be withdrawn except by
unanimous consent.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 67, nays 70; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Me-srs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Ilendley
S. Bennett, Boyoe, Bianch, Cadwalader, John P. Campbell,
Caruthers,Caskie,Cljngman,Williamson R. W. Cohb, Cox,
Craige, Crawford, CuSIen, Davidson, Elliott, English, Eth-
eridije, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Footer, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harns,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Houston, Jewctt,
Geoigc W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell, Letcher, Lindley,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Mai-shrill, Samuel S. Marshall,
McMulhn, Smith Miller, Millson, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Phelps, Puiyeai, Quitman, Reade, Rivers, iluffin, Savage,
Seward, Shorter, William Smith, Stephen^, Stewart,
Swope, Taylor. Vail, Walker, Watkins, Winslow, Daniel
B. Wnght, and John V. Wright—Ci.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Ben-
son, Billnighui-it, Bingham, Bliss, Brenton, Broom, Buihn-
game, Lewi* I). Campbell, dawson, Colfax, Coming Cum-
back, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Flagler, Granger,
Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harrison, Haven, Hickman, Hoi-
lovvay, Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Hughbton, Kelsev.
Knapp, Knight, Knox, Leiter, Mace, Meacham, Kilhan
Miller, Morrill. Mott, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Pcarce.' Pennington, Pike, Purviance, Ritchie, Rob-
bin?, Robison,' Sabin, Sapp, Seott, Sherman, Simmons
.Spinner, Stanton, Snauahan, Thurston, Tratton, Tyson,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Eilihu B. Wa&h-
burne, Israel Washburn, and Woodruff—-70.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. KEITT stated that Mr. Brooks was ill,
and confined to his room.
Mr. DENVER stated that he bad paired off
with Mr. Day.
Mr. LAKE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Morgan on this and all kindred questions
which may arise between this time and Monday
next.
Mr. PURYEAR stated that Mr. Paine had
been absent from the House for three or four
days in consequence of indisposition, and was
unable to attend the sessions of the House.
Mr. SANDIDGE said he would have voted to
lay the resolution upon the table, but he had
paired off with Mr. Galloway.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL stated that Mr. Valk
had requested him to say that he was suddenly
called home this morning.
Mr. DOWDELL said that if he had been
within the bar when his name was called, he
should have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, stated that his
colleague [Mr. Smith] had paired off with Mr.
Giddings.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
resolution.
Mr. DOWDELL demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. RUST. Is it in order to move to amend
the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is not at this time, as the
House has ordered the main question to be now
put.
Mr. KEITT. Is it in order to move to recom-
mit the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Meal's, Albnght, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Ben-
son, Bi!Imghur*t, Bingham, Bli ?, Brenton, Broom, Bur-
lingame, Lewis D Campbell, Claw^on, Colfax, Comins,
Cumback, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, English,
Flagler, Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Hnm«on, Haven,
Hickman, Hoilovvay, Thomas R. llorton, Howard, Ilugh-
ston, Kelsey, Knapp, Kmght, Knox, Letter, Mace, Mcach-
ain, KiJhan Miller, Moiriii, Mott, Nichols, Noiton, Paiker,
Penreo, Pennington, Pcriy, Pike, Purviance, Ritchie, Rob-
bins, Robison, Sabm, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spin-
nor, Stanton, Stranahan, Thuiston,Trafton, Tyson, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldion, ElUhu 13. Waahbutne,
Israel Wa?hbum, and Woodruff—" 1.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Baiksdale, Bell, Iiendley
S. Bennett, Boyce, Branch, Cadwalader, John P. Camp-
bell, Caruthers, Caskie, Chngman, Williamson It. W. Cohb,
Cox, Ciaige, Ciawtord, Cullen, Davidson, Dovvdell, Elliott,
Ethendge, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Moiri.-on Ham*,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Houston, .lewett,
George W. Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kcnnett, Kidwell, Letcher,
Liud!''}, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, McMulhn, Smith Miller, Miilt-on, Moideeai Oli-
ver. Orr, Phelp.>, Putyear. Quitman, Rcadc,Rivcis, Ruffiu,
Uu.-t, Savage, Sewaid, Shoiter. William Smith, Stephens,
Stowart, Swope, Tayloi, Vail, Walker, Watkins, Wmslow,
Daniel B. Wnght, and John V. Wright—69.
I So the resolution was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. PIKE stated that Mr. Cragin had paired
off with Mr. Underwood from February 18 to
February 25, and with Mr. McMullin" from
February 26 to March 3. Also, thatMr. Tappan
had paired off with Mr. Bowie.
Mr. PORTER stated that he should have voted
in the negative had he been withm the bar when
his name was callcd.
Mr. ENGLISH (who had voted no, when his
name was called) said: For the purpose of ena-
bling me to move a reconsideration of the vote, I
change my vote to ay.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which
the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move to lay that motion
upon the table.
Mr. ENGLISH. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has not the floor to make that motion.
I am upon the floor, and I demand the previous
: question on my motion.
j Mr. HICKMAN. Does the Speaker enter-
! tain my motion ?
I The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
■ at this time.
; Thepievious question was then seconded, and
i the main question ordered to be pat.
| Mr. HICKMAN. I now move to lay the mo -
i tion to reconsider upon the table.
