mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt®
place the name of Samuel B. Porter on the list
of invalid pensioners of the United States, and
pay him a pension at the rate of six dollars per
month, commencing on the 1st of January, 3853,
and to continue (luring his natural life; provided,
that if, at anytime hereafter, he shall prove to
the satisfaction of the Commissioner of rensions
that he is totally disabled in consequence of the
injury alleged to have been received in the battle
of Piattsburg during the late war with Great
Britain, then his pension, by this act granted,
shall ^ be increased to eight dollars per month;
said increase to date from the completion of the
proof of such increased disability.
The report, which was read, sets forth that the
petitioner enlisted in the United States infantry,
m January, 1814, for during the war. In the
battle of Plattsburg, while engaged in the de-
fense of the bastion of the middle or principal
fort, the upper floor, on which he was stationed,
was torn up by an eighteen or twenty-four pound
shot, and he was thrown some ten or twelve feet
to the lower floor, receiving severe wounds in his
right arm and elbow," from which he has never
recovered.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 206) increasing the pension of
Albert Hart.
The bill instructs the Secretary of the Interior
to increase the pension of Albert Hart to sixteen
dollars per month, land pay him at the rate of
sixteen dollars per month from the 1st January,
1854, during his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 212) to increase the pension of
Amaziah Goodwin, of the State of Maine.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
pay to Amaziah Goodwin, of Maine, ten dollars
per month, instead of six dollars per month, now
payable to him as an invalid pensioner of the
United States. This increase to take effect from
and after the 1st January, 1852, and to continue
during his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 24G) granting a pension to Mrs.
Olivia W. Cannon, widow of Joseph S. Cannon,
late a midshipman in the United States Navy,
now deceased.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
pay to Mrs. Olivia W. Cannon, widow of Joseph
S. Cannon, late a midshipman m the United
States Navy, now deceased, a sum equal to five
years' half pay of her deceased husband's grade
m the Navy, estimated according to his pay for
active sea service, under act of March 2, 1835;
provided, that said half-pay pension shall be paid
from any money appropriated, or to be appro-
priated, to pay the half-pay pensions of widows
and orphans of the Navy, and lhat no sale, trans-
fer, or mortgage of the whole or any part of the
sum granted by the act, made prior to the taking
effect thereof, shall be valid.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 374) for the relief of Claib#fri
Vaughn.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Claiborn Vaughn on the roll
of invalid pensions for the State of Georgia, at the
rate of six dollars per month, to commence on
the 4th of December, 1855, and to continue during
his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 375) for the relief of George
Bond.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of George Bond on the roll of
invalid pensions for the State of Georgia, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, to commence on
the 4th of December, 1855, and to continue during
his natural life. *
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
committee rise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash- !
burne of Illinois, and Evans were appointed. I
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 5, noes 117.
So the committee refused to rise.
^ A bill (H. R. No. 376) for the benefit of Rob-
ert S. Wimberly.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Robert S. Wimberly, of the
State of Georgia, upon the roll of invalid pen-
sions, at eight dollars per month, from the 1st of
December, 1855, to continue during his natural
life.
Mr. FOSTER. I offer the following amend-
ment to the bill:
Add as follows:
JlnS. be it farther rnaeted, That the Secretary of the
Interior be, and he is hereby, directed to issue, or cau^e to
be issued, by the proper officer, to the said .Robert S. Wim-
berly, a bounty land wanant for one hundred and sixty
acre* ofland 111 the same wayas though he had established
his claim under the laws now in force upon that subject.
Mr. LETCHER. If the gentleman insists on
the amendment, I must object to the bill.
Mr. FOSTER. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 378) for the relief of Richard
I. Murray.
The bill directs that the name of Richard I.
Murray be placed on the roll of invalid pensions,
at the rate of eight dollars per month, to com-
mence on the 1st day of December, 1855, and to
continue during his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 207) for the relief of Levi C.
Harris.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Levi C. Harris, of the State of
Mississippi, upon the roll of invalid pensioners,
and pay him a pension at the rate of ninety-six
dollars per annum, from the 1st of December,
1854, during his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 209) restoring Joshua Mercer
to the roll of invalid pensioners.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
restore the name of Joshua Mercer to the list of
invalid pensioners, and pay him at the rate of
eight dollars per month, from the 1st of January,
1852, during his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 201) granting a pension to
Nathaniel Mothershead, of Missouri.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Nathaniel Mothershead, of
Missouri, upon the roll of invalid pensioners of
the United States, and pay to him a pension at
the rate of eight dollars per month, from the 1st
of January, 1850, during his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
An act (S. No. 247) granting a pension to Mor-
ris Powers.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Moms Powers on the list of
invalid pensioners of the United States, and pay
him eight dollars per month from the 1st of Jan-
uary, 1850, during his natural life.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
The committee rose informally, and a message
was received from the Senate, by Asbury Dick-
ins, their Secretary, informing the House that
the Senate had passed a bill of the House (H.
R. No. 189) making appropriations for the naval
service for the yrar ending the 30th of June,
1857, with amendments, in which he was directed
to ask the concuirence of the House.
The committee resumed its session, and again
proceeded to the consideration of bills upon the
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
A bill (H. R. No. 379) for the relief of Robin-
son Gammon.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interiorto
place the name of Robinson Gammon, of Rox-
bury, county of Oxford, and State of Maine,
upon the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate ©f
eight dollars per month, from the 3d of J3e£enab.er,
1850, during his life.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi. I move that
the committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire when the
pension in the last case read commences?
The CHAIRMAN. On the 3d of December,
1850.
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire why itgoes
back so far? I propose to amend the bill by
making the increase commence in December,
1855—the beginningof this session of Congress.
Mr. PIKE. It was a mistake: it should have
read 1855.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
A bill (H. R. No. 380) for the relief of John
Campbell.
The bill increases the pension of John Camp-
bell from four to eight dollars per month, such
increase to commence on the 1st of December,
1855.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. In order that we may have
a quorum for the passage of these bills, I move that
the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the .committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Phelps reported that the
Committee of the Whole House had had under
consideration the Private Calendar, and had di-
rected him to report to the House forty-six bills,
some with and some without amendments, with
a recommendation that they do pass.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I now move to take up the
bills that have passed without objection and with-
out amendment, and to pass them in the aggre-
gate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose, if it
meet the approbation of the House,Hhat the
House concur with the report of the Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. PHELPS. I suggest a modification of
that proposition. Tf there are any bills on which
gentiemen desire a separate vote, let them be
indicated.
Mr. SAGE. I ask a separate vote on bill No.
367, for the relief of Mary B. Winship.
Mr. MILLSON. We got into serious diffi-
culty at the last session by not having the titles
of bills read.
Mr. McMULLIN. As a separate vote is de-
manded by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Sack,] on bill No. 367, I shall object to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Tennessee. I am
perfectly willing that the vote on all be taken en
masse.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] asks that the bills be read
by their titles.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is now near
six o'clock, and 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia insists, as he has a right, that the bills be
read by their titles.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to say one word.
At the last session, in consequence of bills not
being read by their titles, a bill was reported as
having passed which never had passed the com-
mittee at all.
Mr. McMULLIN, (at thirty-five minutes past
five o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I will withdraw my objec-
tion to the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee.
The bills were then read by their titles, and
those upon which a separate vote was not asked
were acted on en masse. The amendments re-
ported by the Committee of the Whole House
were agreed to, the bills carried through their
several necessary stages, and finally passed. The
following are the bills passed:
A bill (H. R. No. 224) authorizing the legal
representatives of Manuel Gonzales Moro to
( enter certain lands in Missouri;
j A bill (H. R. No. 243) for the relief of George
t K. McGunnegle, surviving partner of the late firm
1 of Hill & McGunnegle, of St, Louis, Missouri;
