466
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GUOBE.
[April 8,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Geyer.
Senate.
1855; and it is a well-known feet, susceptible of the
clearest proof, were it necessary, that hundreds of those
emigrants, in less than one week after the election was
over, were seen returning, as they said, to their homes in
the East on steamboats aud by land, saying that they had
fulfilled their obligations to those under whose auspices
they had gone there; that they had seen the Territory; that
they did not tike the appearance of it; and that they thought
they could be much more happy at their old homes in the
East than in the Territory. In proof of the assertion that
these emigrants were mere adventurers, 1 beg to state the
fact, that there were not more than eight or ten females to
two or three hundred males in that emigration, and that
their traveling equipages consisted, in the main, of hand-
sacks and small trunks. Some of them had guns, and
nearly all of them side-aims and other weapons of offense
and defense."
Mr. GEYER. Now, Mr. President, we ac-
count for a small part of the increase of popula-
tion; there were other additions from the same
quarter. When they arrived in the upper part
of the river, it of course became known that they
were going into Kansas for the purpose of voting
at the election, and that they were not bona fide
emigrants; but, in addition to that, I have it on
good authority, that intelligence was received on
the Missouri side of the line, that those who had
wintered in that State would not be allowed to
vote.
You will remember that there had been organized
what was called the Kansas legion, to which the
attention of the Senate was called in the majority
report, and in the speech of the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Dobgla.s.1 That Kansas legion, it
was understood, had determined to prevent those
who were bona fide emigrants, ana who, com-
pelled by the inclemency of the season, had sought
shelter in Missouri during the winter, or at their
homes in Indiana or Illinois, from voting. They
resolved that they would vote, went into the Ter-
ritory for that purpose, and I suppose did vote,
as they lawfully might. There were others who
went from Missouri, (not all Missourians, how-
ever,) who were not entitled to vote, and did
not intend to vote, unless others who entered
Kansas about the same time, no better entitled,
were allowed to do so. There was much excite-
ment and great disorder in the neighborhood of
the polls, and perhaps some illegal voting on
both sides; but many who went from Missouri
did not vote. I have it, on the authority of a
gentleman who was at one of the precincts, that
an entire company, as it is called, never went to
the polls at all; but watched another company
from the East, and told them that, if they had a
right to vote, those from Missouri had the same
right, and would exercise it; and neither party
voted.
The minority report passes over the period
from the first settlement of the Territory down
to the election in 1855, on the 30th of March, and
gives this account of it:
"On the day of election, large bodies of armed men from
the State of Missouri appeared at the polls in most of the
districts, and by most violent and tumultuous carriage and
demeanor overawed the defenseless inhabitants, and by
their own votes elected a large majority of the members of
both Houses of said Assembly."
That is a sweeping allegation, and requires
proof. We have the declaration of the honorable
author of that report that there was no evidence
before the committee of any such fact. They
had no power, he said, to send for persons and
papers. Then why not ask for it ? Had it not
been announced here over and over again that
there were, under the eaves of this Capitol and
within its walls, the missionaries who nad been
sent out by the chairman of the Kansas executive
committee and committee of safety (so-called)
on a mission of agitation in the States. They
were about this Capitol, ready to be made wit-
nesses, and to receive their pay from the Treas-
ury. Is it not most extraordinary that a report
should be made involving the character of our
citizens without a particle of evidence ? It is very
true, that after the report was made there came
the executive minutes from Kansas, which have
since been printed; but the author of the report
bad not even that to give color to the charge.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
made the charge first, and he read from General.
Pomeroy's memorial, giving an account of the
election at the several precincts; and that was re-
cognized and indorsed as conclusive proof by the
honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Thumbttll.]
We have the unsworn testimony, then, of Gen-
eral Pomeroy, who is the agent of the emigrant
aid society, and one of those who are now on a
mission of agitation. I do not question his verac-
ity as to any fact he may state on his personal
knowledge, but he must nave told what is stated
in that memorial on hearsay; for, with all his
properties, he has not the power of ubiquity. He
could not be at all the polls in Kansas, and testify
of his own knowledge what occurred there; and
I have a right to demand higher and more reliable
evidence to support an accusation so gravely made
in this high place.
The honorable Senator from Iowa [Mr. Har-
lan] followed; and here 1 must beg leave to say
that I heard with amazement a most extraordi-
nary declaration which I quote from his published
speech. He said:
" I do not propose to enter into a general review of all
these fects; but that large bodies of men from an adjoining
her elections, and by false swearing in some districts, and
by intimidation and force in others, (with guns and knives,
and revolvers, driving away the officers of elections and free-
State voters when necessary for that purpose,) did deposit
votes in sufficient numbers to determine the character of her
first Legislature."
**********
" The war, the arson, the carnage and bloodshed have
been occasioned by a persevering effort on the part of armed
bands of meu rending out of the Territory to compel the
people to acquiesce in the consummation of this high-nanded
outrage on their rights as freemen, is a part of the history
of the country which no-amount of learning, no strength of
logic, and no fire of eloquence can ever obliterate."
Anticipating an inquiry for his authority he
says:
" I respond by inquiring for the authority of the world's
conviction that Louis Napoleon was elevated to the throne
of his imperial uncle < by force and fraud." "
It appears, then, in the opinion of that Senator,
that because, under ordinary circumstances, we
receive, and sometimes credit, intelligence of
events in Europe upon the authority of public
journals, newspaper articles are not only compe-
tent evidence, but conclusive proof of a charge
against an entire community of force, fraud, and
periury!
But the honorable Senator does not stop there.
He says he has been in western Missouri, and
conversed with the people; and they will not deny
the leading facts stated; and " if these facts are
doubted, or called in question by their friends on
this floor, it will not be received by them as a com-
pliment." Does he mean to say that they admit
the perpetration of force, fraud, and perjury?
Does he mean to say he has ever heard any man
of any respectability in Missouri, or Iowa, assert
that ne has knowledge of the facts charged ? Mr.
President, the people of that country—as in every
other new State I believe — are excitable, but
they are not prone to deeds of moral turpitude.
Neither the people of Missouri nor Iowa can be
tempted to the commission of periury; they may
be provoked to acts of violence, but not crimes
involving moral turpitude.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. GEYER. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. Immediately preceding my
arrival here, I conversed with citizens living in
and around Council Bluffs, in Iowa,- and, among
others, I remember, distinctly, conversing with
Mr. Jollie, who represented himself as being one
of the officers in Kansas at the time when this
election is said to have taken place. He said that
he himself administered the oath to numbers of
persons whom he personally knew to be citizens
of Missouri, who went so far as to swear that
they were then residents of the Territory, and
expected to live and die in the Territory. Yet
they, then, to his certain personal knowledge,
returned to Missouri before night.
Mr. GEYER. Mr. President, if he adminis-
tered any such oath it was not under any law of
Kansas. Persons were not called upon to swear
"that they expected to live and die in Kansas."
But if the fact be that they swore that they were
residents of Kansas, does it follow that they
committed perjury ? Did nobody vote who went
there at the same time from other quarters as
residents ? Is the fact, that they went back to
Missouri, -even if they had ever been residents
there, evidence that they committed peijury,
when they said that their residence was then in
Kansas ? As I have said, the fact is known—it
cannot be successfully contradicted—that many
went from Kansas and wintered in Missouri, and
in other States, and well they might. They had
no shelter in Kansas to protect them from the
storms of winter. It was the policy of the Gov-
ernor to order the election at an inclement season
of the year. Some of the emigrant aid voters
went to Missouri to stay during the winter. The
fact that a man crossed the line for shelter after
the election was over is no proof of perjury. I
did hope that the charge would be recanted; I did
suppose that, as a Christian gentleman, the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa would retract the
charge, but he adheres to it. Who is Mr. Jollie
who invented and administered the oath ? Where
is he ? What is he, that an honorable Senator
ventures on his authority to make so grave a
charge against his countrymen and neighbors?
Mr. President, the deceptions that have been
practiced in regard to this subject are enormous.
Since this debate was commenced, I saw an article
in a newspaper, which I cut out, and intended to
make use of, wherein a citizen of Iowa, (as he
said he was, but a most unfortunate and greatly
injured pro-slavery man, according to the account
given by himself,) said that he had a house and a
piece of land nearTopeka, and that the Abolition-
ists from Topeka turned him and his family out
of the house, tore it down, and stole the logs.
[Laughter.] When I first saw it, I thought I
could make something out of that; but I took the
precaution, first, to inquire of persons who have
been on the ground, and who knew the men, and
then I believe I ascertained the true state of facts.
I found that this very man was himself an Abo-
litionist, that he went into partnership with a
brother Abolitionist, that they built their house
together, that he got his family into it, occupied
it, and would not let the other come in. He
kept within "the pale of the law." There
was no process by which he could be expelled;
there was no law by which he could be punished.
Then his brother Abolitionists of Topeka went
out to the spot, turned him out, and took posses-
sion of the logs, and gave them to the other part-
ner in the concern.
This shows how unreliable are newspaper
articles as evidences of occurrences in Kansas.
Some time since a proclamation was issued by
the President in consequence of dispatches re-
ceived by him from J. H. Lane, (chairman of
the executive committee,) now claiming to be a
Senator, and C. Robinson, (chairman of the
committee of safety,) now claiming to be Gov-
ernor of Kansas, informing the President that
"an overwhelming force was organized upon the
border for the avowed purpose of invading Kan-
sas, and butchering the unoffending free-State
citizens." It happened that, on the very day the
Senator from Massachusetts was delivering his
speech, the Pioneer Association of J ackson county
assembled at Independence to adopt a constitu-
tion. They had been informed of the proclama-
tion, and of the information upon which it was
issued, but had not learned by whom furnished.
The Senator from Massachusetts had said that
the proclamation would be received with joy by
the people of western Missouri, because it was
aimed at those innocent individuals, Robinson,
Lane, and their associates. A mass meeting was
immediately held at Independence, and it was
resolved (I have the resolutions before me) that
the information of a contemplated invasion from
Missouri, by whomsoever communicated, was
untrue; that there was no organization for such-
purpose existing or contemplated. The persons
whose names appear in the proceedings, as well as
the officers who signed them, are men who have
position in society. I have the proceedings of
another mass meeting held at Lexington, Mis-
souri, at which an address to the President and
people was adopted, in which the dispatch of
those two high functionaries of Kansas is quoted
and pronounced an unmitigated falsehood. The
meeting declares that west of Jefferson there is
but one piece of artillery, (not in the national
depot of arms,) and that piece is one of those
captured by Colonel Doniphan's regiment, and
was presented by the State of Missouri as a com-
pliment to the Jackson county company. All the
artillery captured by Colonel Doniphan's regi-
ment, it will be remembered, was relinquished
