THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 12,
A bill (H. R. No. 260) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Thomas Gordon, de-
A bill (H. R. No. 269) for the relief of the sure-
ties of the late Lieutenant Charles E.Jarvis, Uni-
ted States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 275) for the relief of Captain
Thomas Ap Catesby Jones;
^ A^bill (H. R. No. 281) for the relief of Betsey
A bill (C. C. No. 3) for the relief of James M.
Lindsay;
A bill (C. C. No. 4) for the relief of Salvador
Aceardi;
A bill (C. C. No. 6) for the relief of William
H. Chase;
A bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of Collins
Bbomer;
A resolution to pay William Cooper the sum
of four hundred dollars for his services as laborer
at the Capitol duringthe Thirty-First and Thirty-
Seeond Congresses;
A bill (H. R. No. 336) for the relief of Ransdell
Pesg;
An act (S. No. 240) to confirm the title of Henry
Volcker to a certain tract of land in the Territory
of New Mexico;
An act (S. No. 191) for the relief of Cezaire
Wallace, of the parish of Bossier, and State of
Louisiana;
An act (S. No. 194) for the relief of Joseph
Smith;
An act (S. No. 158) for the relief of Dempsey
Pitman;
A bill (H. R. No. 11) for the relief of J. W.
Todd, a lieutenant of ordnance in the United
States Army;
A bill (H. R. No. 358) for the relief of George
Schellenger;
An act (S. No. 63) to authorize and direct the
settlement of the account of the Bank of the State
of Missouri for money advanced for the subsist-
ence a n tf_!i r a n s po r t a t i o 11 of volunteers;
A bill (H. K. No. 359) increasing the pension
of George W.Torrence;
An act (S. No. 137) for the relief of Amos B.
Eaton, a commissary of subsistence in the Uni-
ted States Army;
An act (S. No. 184) for the relief of Samuel
Forrest;
A bill (II. R. No. 3G4) for the relief of George
W. Lmpitt;
A bill (H. R. No. 365) for the relief of Charles
S. Denman;
A bill (IT. R. No. 3GG) for the relief of Rebecca
Smith;
A bill (EI. R. No. 367) for the relief of Mary
B. Winship, widow of Oscar V. Winship;
A bill (II. R. No. 308) for the relief of Ursula
E. Cobb, widow of Charles Cobb;
A bill (Ii. R. No. 36Uj for the relief of Albro
Tripp;
A bill (H. R. No, 370) for the relief of Mary
Ana Clark;
A bill (IT. R. No. 371) for the relief of Dolly
Empsons
A hill (H. R. No, 372) for the relief of Lyman
N. Cook;
An act (S. No. 210) to increase the pension of
Alpheus T. Palmer, late a quartermaster in the
ninth legiinent United States infantry;
An act (S. No. 208) fur the relief of Betsey
Whipple;
An act (S. No. 215) granting a pension to Sam-
uel B. Porter, a soldier m the late war with Great
Britain;
An act (S. No. 206) increasing the pension of
Albert Hart;
An act (S. No. 212) to increase the pension of
Amaziah Goodwin, of the State ofMaine;
An act (S. No. 246) granting; a pension to Mrs.
Olivia W. Cannon, widow of Joseph S. Cannon,
late a midshipman in the United States Navy,
now deceased; <
A bill (H. R. No. 374) for the relief of Clai- !
born Vaughn; !
A bill (ii. R. No. 375) for the relief of George 1
Bond; i
^°* 3^) for the benefit of Rob- <
ert S. Wimberly; i
A bill (H. R. No. 378) for the relief of Richard 1
I. Murray; j
An act (S. No, 207) for the relief of Levi C. |
Harris; I
An act (S. No. 209) restoring Joshua Mercer
to the roll of invalid pensioners;
An act (S. No. 201) granting a pension to
Nathaniel Mothershead, of Missouri;
An act (S. No. 247) granting a pension to
Morris Powers;
A bill (H. R. No. 379) for the relief of Robin-
son Gammon;
A bill (H. R. No. 380) for the relief of John
Campbell;
The question was then on the bill of the House
(No. 360) to reimburse the State of Vermont the
expenses incurred by her in paying her militia,
called out in 1838 and 1839 to preserve the neu-
trality of the country, upon which Mr. Green-
wood had demanded a separate vote.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I offer the following
amendment:
Provided, That tlie reimbursement to the State of Ver-
mont hereby authorized to be made, shall not be .-o con-
strued as to authorize the allowance of bounty land to the
militia so called out m said State in the years 1838 and
1809 to preserve the neutrality of the country.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I hone that
amendment will not be adopted. It will ue seen
that it will have the effect of changing the existing
bounty land law. I ask for no special legislation
in behalf of Vermont, and I object to any inter-
polation in this bill which discriminates against
her, and changes the construction of the present
law. If any citizens of Vermont are entitled to
bounty land under the present laws, certainly I
do not think this House will be disposed to de-
prive them of it by such an amendment as this.
It will not be contended, I suppose, by the gen- j
tlcman from Arkansas, [Mr. Greenwood,] under j
his construction of the bounty land acts, that, if j
the General Government had paid the amount j
due to Vermont seventeen or eighteen years ago, j
some of these citizens, called out in the emer- I
geney to which the hill under consideration re-
fers, would not be entitled to bounty land. Well,
sir, because the Government has delayed the
payment of a just debt seventeen or eighteen
years, they are not now any the less entitled to
it. I do not know what construction the Depai t-
ment might put upon it; but 1 object decidedly to
the amendment of the gentleman from Arkansas
being placed upon this bill, and trust the House
will vote it down.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I am very far from
Wishing to deprive those men of any rights they
may have under existing laws. Nor do I think
my amendment will hear that construction. The
hill proposes to reimburse the .State of Vermont
the expenses incurre't by her in paying her militia,
cnlIftl out m KS.'Jrt and 18;!!) to preserve the neu-
trality of the country. To show that I do not
intend to deprive those mini of any rights they
may have under existing laws, 1 will modify my
amendment by adding these words: " unless al-
ready entitled by law."
Mr. MORRILL. I object decidedly to any
such amendment being interpolated upon this
bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The amendment pro-
vides that tins militia shall not be construed to
bo entitled to bounty land, unless entitled to it
under a former ia\e.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I say this: we ought to put
Vermont on the same footingasMaineand other
States. I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 call for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
MARY B. WINSHIP.
A bill (H. R. No. 367) for the relief of Mary
B. Winship, widow of Oscar F. Winship.
The SPEAKER. This bill is reported from
the Committee of the Whole House, with an
amendment, that the pension be reduced from
fifty to twenty dollars per month, to commence
on the 13th day of December, 1855.
Mr. HAVEN. I knew Major Winship per-
sonally when he was alive; and I know histor- j
ically that his services were very valuable and
very gallant. I hope the amendment will be ;
rejected, and that the not unreasonable pension of
fifty dollars per month will be given to his widow.
I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to recommit the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
pending the order for the previous question.
The question was taken; and the amendment
of the Committee of the Whole House was dis-
agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. G1DD1NGS. 1 call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which all the bills reported from the com-
mittee, and upon which tne vote was taken in
gross, be reconsidered; and I also move that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, the
bill (H. R. No. 189) making appropriations for
the support of the Navy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1857, with the Senate amendments
thereto, was taken from the Speaker's table, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
ISAAC-ADAMS.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. On several ob-
jection days a bill has been passed over, to which
there is slight objection. It is House bill (No.
325) for the relief of Isaac Adams. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to discharge the
Committee of the Wliole from the further con-
sideration of that bill, and to put it upon its pas-
sage
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object. I do not like
to pass these patent cases m this way.
Mr. SMITH. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays upon that motion.
Mr. ORR. I move thattheHouse adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The yeas and nays were refused upon the mo-
tion to suspend the rules.
Mr, MACE. I move the that House do now
adjourn; and upon that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
flPhe question was then taken on Mr. Smith's
motion, and the rules were suspended, two thirds
voting in favor thereof.
Phe Committee of the Whole was accordingly
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill for the relief of Isaac Adams; and it was re-
ported to the House for consideration.
The bill provides that tlie letters patent granted
to Isaac Adams on the 14th ofOctober, 1830, for
new and useful improvements in printing ma-
chinery, called the power printing press, and also
the letters patent granted to Isaac Adams in
March, 1836, for additional improvements, be
renewed, revived, and extended from the passage
of this act to the 2d day of March, 1865, for the
benefit of said Adams, his heirs, and legal repre-
sentatives.
Mr. SMITH. I have only one word to say in
reference to this bill. It is recommended by
nearly all the prominent printers in the United
States. There is an inaccuracy in the bill which
I desire to have corrected. I move to strike out
1865," and insert in lieu thereof "1864." I call
the previous question.
Mr. ALBRIGHT. I move that th,e bill be laid
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
