1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1203
Bion. I do not think that is in accordance with
the courtesy which we have heretofore extended
to ono another. I see no reason why we should
not extend courtesy to the honorable Senator from
Vermont as well as to any other gentleman here.
He is always courteous to others. I say again,
that I should be very glad to have the subject
disposed of; but J, do not see how it can be taken
up now without trespassing on the proprieties
which we always observe towards one another.
I hope, therefore, that the motion before the Sen-
ate will not be agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not wish to
interfere with the views or feelings of gentlemen
on either side of this question. I only desire to
suggest to the honorable Senator from Iowa that
if the motion to reconsider the vote on his bill be
a privileged question, as the President of the
Senate has decided it to be, it will override every
other question until it be disposed of, if he thinks
proper to press it. It seems to me,-thercfoie,
that he need feel no uneasiness about allowing it
to lie over until to-morrow. I have consulted
with the honorable Senator from Florida, the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
it will be as agreeable to him to make his remarks
on Thursday as to-morrow. The Senator from
Vermont says that he is entirely unprepared to
go on this afternoon. I think it would be rather
discourteous to him, unless under very pressing
circumstances, to urge a decision of this motion
to-day. I think that 110 exigency exists requiring
us to refuse to concede to him the privilege of
having this subject postponed until to-moirow.
I consider it pioper now to state, that whenever
I feel sufficient interest in such a question to raise
the point, I shall submit to the decision of the
Chair and the Senate,whether a motion to recon-
sider has precedence of all other questions. I
yield to the decision of that matter now, because j
it has been conceded heretofore. |
Air. JONES, of Iowa. I shall not object to I
the postponement. j
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I thought that my ;
friend's generous nature would not allow lum to
persist in his opposition.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Of course I feel more
anxiety on this than on any other subject, lam
perfectly willing, however, that it shall go over
until to-morrow, with the express understanding
that we shall then dispose of it. [" Certainly.]"
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I very seldom in-
terfere with questions of parliamentary rule or
order, but I have had some experience in the
Senate, and a great deal more in the House of
Representatives, and I never knew any progress
to be made in business, except by rigidly adher-
ing to the ordinary parliamentary course—that
the last preceding subject under consideration
shall be the subject for the next day, and shall
continue to be so until it be disposed of, unless
there be some very imperative exigency requiring
another course. I would suggest, therefore, that
the question of the reconsideration of the bill of
my friend from Iowa, shall be the business of
the Senate until it be disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That will suit me.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. After disposing
of that, I think,'from what I know of the rela-
tive importance of the business before the Senate,
that the resolution of my friend from Virginia,
in reference to the Danish Sound dues, should be
next taken up and finished. Then probably,
according to the feeling of the Senate, though I
do not say that it is of the greatest importance,
the question of what shall be done m reference
to the proceedings of the naval board, should be
taken up and finished; and, after that, that the
Kansas bill should be disposed of. Of course I
will notexclude anv business which may be inter-
polated by the honorable Senator trom Virginia,
[Mr. Huxtfr,] the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, in relation to the general appropria-
tion bills. I only mean to say now, that I tlunk
no substantial progress can be made m the busi-
ness, either of the Senate or House of Repre-
sentatives—I speak from some experience in both
bodies—unless you have some stable rule of this
1 do not mean to preclude the bill of the Sen-
ator from California to j#ovide for the construction
of a railroad to the Pocific. He knows the deep
interest which I take m that measure; but in le-
gard to its ultimate results I am not quite as san-
guine as he is. The disposition which I propose
for the consideration of the Senate is, first, to dis-
pose of the motion to reconsider the bill of my
friend from Iowa, then the questions connected
with the naval board, and next, the questions
connected with Kansas affairs, which imperatively
call upon us for action.
It seems to me, that I have thus indicated the
proper order of business. My experience justi-
fies me ill saying that you can do nothing unless
by adopting some rule of proceeding that will bo
imperative, and never be departed from, except
upon a manifest public necessity and exigency,
when a subject of great importance intervenes to
interfere with the regular order of business. The
proper rule is, that the question under consider-
ation at the last adjournment shall be taken up,
unless ill some case of paramount necessity, such
as I have pointed out.
Mr. MASON. I understand that the Senator
from Iowa has agreed to defer the issues con-
nected with Ins bill until to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. Thereupon, I withdraw my
motion t5 reconsider the vote by which th^fl bill
was postponed until to-morrow.
DANISH SOUND DUES.
Mr. MASON. As the resolution of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations gave way to that
privileged question, I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to rescind the order which has just
been made postponing that resolution until Thurs-
day next. I cannot move to reconsider it, as I
voted in the minority. I trust that we shall take
up that resolution. [ understand that the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] is prepared to go on with
the discussion of it.
Mr. WELLER. 1 will make amotion to re-
consider that vote. 1 voted m the majority. j
1 Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to be niisun- ]
I derstood. I have 110 particulai and special interest
i in the business committed to me, but to-morrow 1
is assigned for the continuation of that business,
and I do not wish to be considered as failing 111
my duty here. I must therefore insist upon it,
that that business shall be taken up to-morrow,
unless the Senate otherwise order. It seems to
be the understanding of this body that on Mon-
day next the Kansas bill will be taken up and ]
discussed until the final vote be taken. I have :
no idea that the naval business will be concluded j
by Monday, if we do not take it up to-morrow, ;
because Friday is private bill day, and we do not |
sit on Saturday. It seems to be the general un-
demanding, that 011 Monday the naval business, I
though not concluded, will be laid aside for the •
Kansas matter, which in my judgment is of less j
importance at this moment than the questions
: connected with the action of the naval board.
hope that 110 order will be made by the Senate |
interfering with the discussion of the naval busi- j
ness to-moirow, for if we take it up to-morrow i
we may conclude it this week. |
The PRESIDENT. The question is 011 the j
motion to reconsider the vote by which the reso- j
lution of the Committee on Foreign Relations :
was postponed until Thursday next. |
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ac- j
cordingly resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing0 resolution, reported by Mr. Mason from
the Committee on Foreign Relations:
Resolved, That the notice which lias been given by the
President to Denmark, pursuant to the resolution ot the
Senate of MnioJl 3, 1KT>, to terminate the treaty with that
Power of the 2oth of April, in the year is sufficient to
cause such treutv to tei ruinate and be annuilej to ail
intents whatsoever, pursuant to the eleventh attieie thereof;
ami that 110 other 01 turthcr act ot lusislatiou is necessary
to put an end to said treaty as part ot the law of tile land.
The pending question being 011 the amend-
ment of Mr. Stuart, to strike out all after the
words, "cause such treaty to terminate," and
insert "as between Denmark and the United
j States."
Mr. CLAYTON addressed the Senate on the
' origin of the Sound dues, and their importance to
1 the commerce of the United States. His remarks
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President. I have said
nothing in the course of the debate 011 this ques-
j Hon from an extreme reluctance to take up the
i time of the Senate, and because on the part of the
committee I submitted a report giving the reasons,
, as 1 understood, of the committee, and certainly
' my own, why the notice which had been given
was sufficient to terminate the treaty; and there-
fore it would be more agreeable to me to close the
debate when it shall bo closed. I will do it this
evening, but it is manifest that we can get no
vote now.
Mr. SEWARD. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the honorable Senator, that I have a few
words to say by way of explanation before Jie"
closes the debate, as it is his right to do. If no
other Senator desires to speak 011 the subject now,
it would not be worth while to go into it at this
late hour of the day.
Mr. TOUCEY. I wish to say a few words
on this subject before it be disposed of. Ithink
it proper to proceed before the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, so that he may
have the opportunity of closing the debate. I
will go on now if that be the pleasure of the
Senate.
Mr. SEWARD and others. Oh no; let us
adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I wish to make a statement to
the Senate, that they may know exactly where
the question stands, in reply more particularly to
a remark made the other day by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.] He said that, as he
understood the matter, since the notice was given,
the President extended the term by allowing sixty
days more. I have informed myself of the fact
at the Department of State, and the exact fact is
this: At the request of Denmark, that the notice
should not be peremptorily enforced, although
the treaty would terminate at the end of tno
twelve months limited, that is to say, on the I4th
of April last; yet, as Denmark had represented
that her conferences with the other Powers of
Europe on the subject of the Sound dues might
be embarrassed by it, the President consented,
if it would be any advantage to Denmark, that
no steps should be taken on the part of the Ex-
ecutive until sixty days more have expired, but
with tin- distinct intimation that, in the opinion of
the President, the judgment of the country—so
far as he represented that judgment, and he was
the only organ known to Denmark—the treaty
expired by limitation on the 14th of April, but
that the Executive would take no steps until the
14th of June. That is the exact state of the case.
I now move that the further consideration of this
subject be postponed until to-morrow, at half past
twelve o'clock, and be made the special order for
that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, the Senate ad-
journed.   
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 14, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Hevry C. Deaw.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. EVANS presented the memorial of Thomas
Osborn, late a lieutenant in the revenue cutter
service, praying to be allowed the pay of a lieu-
tenant in the Navy for the time he acted in that
capacity; which was referred to the Committee
011 Na\al Affairs. ' . .
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of citizens
of Indiana, praying that patents may be issued
to them for lands entered under the graduation
act, or that they may be allowed further time for
the settlement and improvement of their lands;
which was referred to the Committee on 1 ublic
Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, That John L. Mersereau have leave to withdraw
his memona! and papers.
REPORTS PROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of John H.
Seranton and James M. Hunt, owners of tho
steamer Major Tompkins, reported a bill (S. No.
308) for their relief; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 207) for tho relief of the heirs of Colonel
Charles Simms, late collector of the port of Alex?
andfia, reported it without amendment.
He also, from tho same committee, reported
I back, and. moved that the committee be dis-
