1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I71> rt
wF7
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill as
amended was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. SMITH moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
Tiie previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ALBRIGHT called the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McGUjeen
and Woodruff were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 70, noes 42.
So the motion was agreed to-; and thereupon
(at ten minutes past six o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned till to-morrow, at eleven o'clock, a. m.
1ST SENATE.
"Wednesday, August 13, 1856.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report from the
Secretary of State, with accompanying docu-
ments, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
Monday last in relation to the deliberations of
the late congress of plenipotentiaries in Paris on
the subject of privateering.
Mr. MASON. That is a reply to a call by the
Senate made on Monday on my motion for cor-
respondence between the Secretary of State and
the French Minister, touching the propositions in
reference to the establishment of neutral relations
between the Governments of Europe and this
country. It is a correspondence of very great
interest, and I move that five thousand copies of
it bo printed in addition to the usual number, of
which five hundred shall be for the use of the
Department of State for transmission to our vari-
ous representatives abroad.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore- also laid before
the Senate a message received from the President
of the United States, transmitting, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 7th instant,
in relation to the refusal of the Government of
Honduras to receive a commercial agent from
this country, a report from the Secretary of State,
and documents accompanying it.
Mr. WELLER. This communication is in
answer to a call made by a resolution which I
presented a few days ago. I desire to have it
printed. It will disclose the fact, that the Pres-
ident of the State of Honduras has recently pub-
lished a decree prohibiting all North Americans
from going into Honduras, unless they bring
with them capital as merchants, or have some
trade, either being mechanics or merchants. The
prohibition is against no other people but the
people of the United States. I move that the com-
munication be laid on the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a report of the Secretary of the In-
terior, communicating, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate, information in relation to
the site for a post office and court-house in the
city of New York; which, on motion of Mr.
Sewaud, was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the en-
rolled bill for the relief of Norwood McClelland,
master of the steamboat New World; and the
enrolled bill to alter the time for holding the dis-
trict court in South Carolina, and for other pur-
poses.
LIEUTENANT W. A. BARTLETT.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to call atten-
tion to a matter which is embraced in the resolu-
tion which I now present:
Resolved, That in the proceedings before the Senate In
the matter of the memorial of Washington Allon Bartlett,
late a lieutenant in the Navy of the United States, com-
plaining of the action had under the act of Congiess entitled
" An act to promote the efficiency of the Navy," approved
^February 28, 1855, nothing appears winch impeaches his
promptness and efficiency as ail officer of the Navy, or
impugns Ins character as a gentleman.
I do not ask for the consideration of the reso-
lution now. I perceive, in the New York Herald
of the 11th instant, some very severe strictures
on the character of Lieutenant Eartlett, touching
the report made by the Naval Committee of the
Senate, which report, the Herald states, has the
intention to condemn, or does condemn, Mr.
Bartlett. I desire now to call on the Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] who made the report,
to explain, as he may see proper, what was the
course and conduct of the committee in relation
to Mr. Bartlett.
Mr. MALLORY. The resolution lies over.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. ] do not ask for the
consideration of the resolution now, but I desire
the Senator from Tennessee to make an explana-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The consid-
eration of the resolution is objected to, and there-
fore it cannot come up now.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Unless it is objected
to, and I hope it will not be, I desire to say, and
I think I am called upon to say, as the member
of the committee who made the report 
Mr. MALLORY. I object to any discussion.
If the debate goes on, I shall mingle in it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion must lie over under the rules; objection being
made to its consideration at this time.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
451) making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes, reported it, with an amendment.
He also moved that the Committee on Com-
merce be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the resolution of the Legislature of New
. York, in relation to buildings erected by the Gov-
ernment upon the quarantine grounds; which
was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, moved that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition of G. W. Brown and others, detained in
custody in Kansas on charges of treason.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH subsequently desired to be heard
in connection with that report, but he was ruled
out of order.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 215) to authorize the circuit court of the
District of Columbia to decree the sale of real
estate in certain cases,reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom the subject wasrefeired, reported
a joint resolution (S. No. 39) relative to sections
sixteen and thirty-six, in Minnesota Territory;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
201) making appropriations for the civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th of
June, 1857, reported it with amendments, and
gave notice that he should ask for its considera-
tion to-morrow.
JOSEPH S. RUTH.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the
Library, to whom was referred the memorial of
Harriet L. B. Ruth, reported the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate pay out of
the contingent fund of the Senate to Harriet t, B. Ruth,
mother of Joseph S. Ruth, deceased, the sum of $^,50U, m
full tor the services of Joseph S. Huth, ill preparing lor pub-
lication the observations on terrestrial magnetism, made at
the observatory at the Girard College, and'published under
the orders of the Senate of the 11th and 12th of February,
A. D. 1845.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate to act on
this resolution at once, as it is to pay money out
of the contingent fund for services rendered under
the order of the Senate. If the Senate will agree
to act on it now, I will make a brief statement of
the case, wliich will not occupy five minutes.
Mr. MASON. I must object to itsepn.sidera.-
tion, because it is my duty ,t_o wove for an. exec-
utive session.
The PRESIDENT pro .tempore. The consid-
eration of the resolution being objected to, it jiea
over, under the rules.
WEST DRINKWATER AND OTHERS.
Mr. PUGH asked , and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to withdraw the ^notion made by
him on the 7th instant, to reconsider the vote on
passing the bill (H. R. No. 205) for the relief of
West Drmkwater and others.
FRANCIS BURT.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to reconsider the vote
adopting the resolution passed yesterday, referring
the papers in the case of the administrator of
Francis Burt to the Court of Claims. I" find that
the papers are on file in the House of Represent-
atives, and not in the Senate.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
leave was given to withdraw the papers.
HOUSE RESOLUTIONS REFERRED.
The House joint resolutions, extending th?
time for the creditors of Texas to present their
claims, and giving increased compensation to all
laborers m the employment of the executive and
legislative departments of the Government, in
the city of Washington, were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone all previous
orders, for the purpose of proceeding to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. SLIDELL. I trust the Senator from .
Virginia will allow me to offer a resolution, to
which I hope there will be no objection, providing
that, at four o'clock to-day, we proceed to the
consideration of private bills from the House of
Representatives, that will not lead to debate. I
think we can dispose of twenty or thirty of them
if we fix that time for their consideration. If
that be done, I shall sustain the motion of the
Senator from Virginia.
Mr. MASON. If I retain my right to the
floor, I have no objection to allowing the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana to be inter-
posed.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana will be unanimously adopted.
Air. SLIDELL. My resolution is, that at
four o'clock to-daytheSenate proceed to consider
private bills from the House of Representatives,
which will not give rise to debate.
Mr. MASON. I think it would be better not
to present that proposition until the chairman of
the Committee on Finance shall be present. I
insist on my motion for an executive session.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then I shall be under the
necessity of opposing the motion of the Senator
from Virginia.
Mr. MASON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. In my judgment the stats
of our executive business will not require more
than one other executive session, and we can
just as well have it on Saturday as now. I do
not see the necessity for going into executive
session more than once again this week; and, in
my judgment, it had better be postponed until
Saturday. I shall, therefore, oppose the motion.
Mr. SEWARD. We are all aware that there
is very important business in executive session;
and I am quite willing to consent to the motion
with a desire to go into executive session, and
get through with the business there to-day. Any
other executive session that may be lequired will
be for supplemental business hereafter, which can
be very easily disposed of. I wish, however, to
state that, if it should be the pleasure of the Sen-
ate not to go into executive session, I shall adhere
to my notice to call up at twelve o'clock to-day,
for consideration, the veto of the Des Moinea
rapids improvement bill. For myself, I think it
would be best to go into executive session now;
and I shall ask an early hour for that bill.
Mr. MASON. I desire to say, in reply to
what fell from the Senator from California, that
I think all Senators will agree that, from the con-
dition of the public business, as shown when wa
were in executive session before, it will probably
occupy mora than on« or two hours to dispose of
