1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
467
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Geyer.
Senate.
by the General Government to the State of Mis-
souri.
Here, then, we have more evidence of the
questionable character of information furnished
by the free-State men of Kansas.
Sir, I have accounted for the large accession of
population in March, 1855. It was composed of
people who belonged to Kansas, and had wintered
in Missouri, Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio. They
came back earlier than they otherwise would have
done in consequence of the order of an election
at that extraordinary season. Some of them were
obliged to go back to the State of Missouri after
the election, and seek the hospitality of the people
of that State; so that there is nothing in the fact
oftheir going over, or coming back, tojustify the al-
legation that they were not legal voterins Kansas.
The Governor approved of the election of ten
councilmen and sixteen representatives. He re-
jected nearly all the votes in one district, and
returned a Mr. Conway, and a Mr. McCarty, of
whose existence the Governor had serious doubts.
He rejected two councilmen and nine represent-
atives. A new election was ordered to be held
in May. The Governor left the Territory on the
17th of April to visit his family, and did not re-
turn until about the 23d of June. During his
absence he appears to have discovered, for the
first time, that there had been any serious dis-
turbance in Kansas. In a speech, delivered at
Easton, Pennsylvania, he said, " It was too true
that Kansas had been invaded, conquered, sub-
jugated, by armed forces from beyond the bor-
ders." It is somewhat remarkable that the Gov-
ernor made this discovery of important events
in Kansas at a distance of a thousand miles from
his post, about the time that he discovered, also,
that the President had received information of :
his interest in the PawI peculation, and he I
perceived at once what was-to be his fate. j
The President was charged by the Senator ;
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale], with gross
neglect of duty because he did not instantly, upon
the publication of Governor Reeder's speech, in-
terfere by sending an armed force into Kansas.
But, as the Governor had never made an official
report of facts stated in the speech, the President
might be supposed to understand his duty better
than to interfere upon the authority alone of
Governor Reeder's speech, if he ever read it.
It is a significant fact, that Governor Reeder
would not take the responsibility of reporting to
the President, on his official oath, what he stated
in his speech, or anything like it. He either
betrayed his trust, or his statement at Easton is
untrue. If he was faithful to his duty and the
obligation of his official oath, he reported officially
all invasions of Kansas during his administra-
tion. But I infer that he obtained his informa-
tion of the invasion of which he speaks from the
source which furnishes an abundant supply of
similar information located in New York and
Boston.
The power of the Governor is unquestioned
to regulate the first election, and to declare duly
elected the persons having the highest number
of legal votes. He did adopt regulations for the
election; he published them, and they were for
Kansas the law, under the authority of the or-
ganic act, and the election was decided in pur-
suance of it. Yet we are told, by the honorable
Senator from Vermont and others, that the peo-
ple of Kansas are not bound by it. What, sir!
Have the people of Kansas an appeal on the
question of the legality of an election—to hold a
controversy with arms in their hands to settle the
election and returns of members of their General
Assembly? It was the act of the constituted
authority of Kansas, binding upon the people of
Kansas, when those certificates were granted. It
was decided according to law, and under the
authority of law, and just as obligatory as if it
had been decided by Congress.
I shall not enter at large into the controversy
about the power of each branch of the Legisla-
ture to judge of the election and returns of its
members. It is enough to say that, at the election
ordered by Governor Reeder, two members of
the Council, and six of the House of Representa-
tives, were elected in place of those rejected by
him. The other three were the same who had
been elected, and took their seats in the General
Assembly, as having been elected at both elections
This left undisputed ten councilmen and nineteen
I representatives, with the undoubted authority
i as a Legislature; and if anybody had a right
: to judge of the elections and returns, under the
! certificate of the Governor, it was in them. But
suppose it to be a doubtful question: is it to be
settled by an appeal to mob law ? Neither the
regularity of the election, the sufficiency of the
returns, or the qualifications of members, is an
open question in determining the validity of a
law enacted by them, in any tribunal. And are
men to turn out and resist the execution of laws,
because they suppose that they were passed by
the votes of members who ai^ disqualified, were
elected by illegal votes, or obtained their seats by
force, or fraud? Suppose we should pass a bill
in the Senate, by a majority of one, ana that vote
given by the honorable Senator from Illinois,
[Mr. Trumbull,] whose seat has been contested.
There is a Senator near me who believes he was
not entitled to a seat. Now, if the bill supposed,
is passed by the other House and approved by
the President, its validity cannot be made to de-
pend upon the vedidity of the election of the
Senator from Illinois; yet the question would be
open in that case, as much as if the bill had been
carried by the votes of any number of members
where seats were contested; and if individuals
and mass meetings may decide that question,
their right to resist the law would not depend
upon the correctness of the decision. If resist-
ance to a law is justifiable, where it is passed by
the vote of any number of members of the Legis-
lature who are not entitled to their seats, ana if
those who resist are the judges of the validity of
the elections, they are justified, whether they
decide right or wrong.
The attempt at revolution in Kansas is at-
tempted to be justified, or excused, because there
have been some laws passed by the Legislature
alleged to be of a very objectionable character.
The honorable Senator from Vermont quotes
one of these acts, and complains againstit because,
as he says, it assumes that slavery exists bylaw,
when it did not. Whether it does or not, how-
ever, is a grave question of constitutional law.
If I am right in the opinion that the Missouri
prohibition was unconstitutional, slavery does
exist in Kansas—a question which is not to be
referred to mass meetings or-Topeka conven-
tions. Besides, the law referred to is itself a
recognition of slavery, and that is all-sufficient.
The laws of Virginia and other slave States do
no more. Gentlemen say that slavery cannot
exist anywhere except by authority of law.
Agreed: but there never was a law in any of the
States tolerating slavery, to authorize any per-
son to reduce another to slavery. All that there
is in the legislation on the subject is to be found
in acts recognizing the authority of the owner
and securing to him the possession of the slave
as property. Slavery exists by law wherever the
law recognizes its existence.
I have before me some curiosities in legislation,
which it would be well enough for gentlemen
who are disposed to indulge in severe criticism
of the laws of Kansas, to find an apology for re-
bellion, to look at. The first act to which I will
call their attention is that of Vermont.* The
marginal note of the third section is in these
words:
" Two justices empowered to examine strangers on com-
plaint of overseers of poor."
It appears in the body of the section that, if the
result of the examination is not satisfactory, the
constable of the town is to transport such stranger
out of it; and further, by another section:
" If any person so removed shall return, to reside within
the town, without permission of the selectmen, he or .she
shall be whipped not exceeding ten stripes, at the discre-
tion of the justice before whom the trial shall be had."
Mr. BUTLER. Does that apply to white
people ?
Mr. GEYER. Yes, sir; white or black, if they
are strangers; [laughter;] that is to sav, if a citi-
zen of any other State, white or blaclc, male or
female, should under that law, go into Vermont,
they were liable to be ordered out of it by the
overseer of the poor; and if they came back after
being ordered out, they were liable to be whipped
on their return. But Vermont is not singular.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish my friend would in-
corporate into his speech an old law of Massa-
chusetts, which I have found. 1 would remind
my friend of an old league between the four New
England States, made while they were colonies,
expressly repudiating trial byjury for the recla-
mation of fugitive slaves. They called them
"slaves" too, or rather "fugitive servants," and
they say that they shall be delivered upon the
certificate of one magistrate.*
j Mr. GEYER. I am not objecting to these laws.
They are police laws, and I leave the people of
'l those States to interpret them; but while we are
:' looking for curiosities of legislation, gentlemen
J may as well look at home. Here is another from
the State of New York:
" Any householder entertaining a stranger for fifteen day*
without giving notice, to forfeit five dollars. [Laughter.]
If the justices think proper, they may cause the stranger to
be removed out of the town."
t And by another section it is provided that per-
sons removed and returning, shall be retrans-
ported and may be whipped; " if a man, not ex-
ceeding thirty-nine lashes, and if a woman, not
exceeding twenty-five lashes; and so as often as
such person shall return after such transporta-
tion. "f [Laughter.] Such is the entertainment
provided for strangers according to the law of
New York.
I have before referred to one specimen of legis-
lation in Massachusetts. I now turn to the last
effort of the Legislature, to fulfill the obligation
of that State, under the Constitution, to return
fugitive slaves.
By the personal liberty bill, so called, passed
in 1855, fugitive slaves arrested may be admitted
to bail on habeas corpus, and are entitled to a trial
byjury. The claimant is required to state, in
writing, the facts on which he relies with " pre-
cision and certainty."
" And no confessions, admissions, or declarations, of the
alleged fugitive against himself, shall be given in evidence.
Upon every question of fact involved in the issue, the bur-
den of proof shall be on the claimant, and the facts alleged
and necessary to be established must be proved by the tes-
timony of at least two credible witnesses, or other legal
evidence equivalent thereto, and by the rules of evidence
known and secured by the common law; and no ex parte
deposition or affidavit shall be received in proof in behalf
of the claimant, and no presumption shall arise in favor of
the claimant from any proof that the alleged fugitive or any
of his ancestor had been actually held as a slave, without
proof that such holding was legal."
The obvious design oS this act is to defeat the
execution of the fugitive slave law. It not only
undertakes to establish rules of pleading and evi-
dence, but substantially.provides that no proof
possible shall be available to the claimant, by re-
quiring proof that the alleged fugitive was lawfully
held to slavery according to the law of Massa-
chusetts; that is the obvious intention of the last
clause of the part I have quoted.
The next section provides that any person who
shall remove, or attempt to remove, any person
" who is not ' held to service or labor' by the
• party' making 'claim,' or who has not 'escaped'
from the ' party' making ' claim,' or whose 'ser-
vice or labor' is not * due' to the ' party' making
• claim ' within the meaning of those words in the
Constitution of the United States, on the pretense
that such person is so held, or has so escaped, or
that his ' service or labor ' is so 1 due,' or with
the intent to subject him to such 'service or
labor,'he shall be punished by a fine not less
than one thousand nor more than five thousand
| dollars, and by imprisonment in the State prison
jj not less than one nor more than five years. "J
j! You will observe,Mr. President, that there are
i frequent quotations of words and phrases from
the Constitution, and marked As such. The Con-
stitution provides that—
" No person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law or regulation therein, be discharged from
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the partyto whom such service or labor may be due."
The clause of the Massachusetts act last quoted
is a manifest attempt to keep within the letter,
* Law* of Vermont, 1606, vol. 1, pp. 384 and 403,
* See Appendix, No. 6.
t Laws of New York, edition 1802, pp. 568 B.
j See Appendix, No. 8.
