1204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
charged from the memorial of Amaral & Bastos,
the memorial of Manuel A. T. Barboza, and the
memorial of Alexander Jose da Cruz, Luis Vidal
Cezar, and Bento dos Santoa, and that the me-
morials and accompanying papers be referred to
the Court of Claims.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom were referred a bill (H. R.
No. 266) entitled " An act for the relief of Cap-
tain J. P. Hatch, of the United States Army;" a
bill (H. R. No. 268) entitled " An act for the
relief of the legal representatives of Captain Jo-
seph H. Whipple, deceased;" a joint resolution
(H. R, No. 10) for the relief of Dr. William P.
A. Hail, late of the Tennessee volunteers in the
Mexican war, reported them back without amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, on the me-
morial of David Butler, reported that the prayer
of the memorialist ought not to be granted.
He also, from the same committee, reported
back the petition of David W. Rogers; andonhis
motion the committee was discharged from its
further consideration, and it was referred to the
Court of Claims.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 302) for the relief
of the widow of Adjutant General Jones, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
John B. Walbach, reported a bill (S. No. 309)
far- the relief of Brevet Brigadier General John
B. Walbach, of the United States Army; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the petition of
Horatio J. Perry, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 310) for his relief; which
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to bo printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of C. E. Anderson, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
311) for his relief; which was read, and passed to
a second reading. The report was ordered to bo
printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, who were instructed to inquire into the pro-
priety of printing the correspondence in relation
to the Lobos Islands, submitted an adverse re-
port; which was concurred in.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on Printing
have instructed me to make a report on the reso-
lution referred to them in regard to printing the
report on commercial statistics made by the State
Department to the House of Representatives.
The resolution provides for the printing of the
commercial statistics by this body, which have
already been printed by the House of Represent-
atives, provided it can be done without any ad-
ditional cost of composition. After consideration,
we find it cannot be done without again paying
for the entire composition; and, under the terms
of the resolution, we therefore report against the
printing.
The report was concurred in.
RESOLUTION.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,and
agreed to:
Resolvedj That the Secretary of Wni l>c instructed to
eommunicatc to the Senate the rnpoit of l.icntenunt Ool-
onol Graham, ol'the topofitaphieal eoips, respectui}; the
improvement of the navigation of the Hals of tho .St. Clan-
river.
INTRODUCTION OP A BILL.
■ Mr. SLIDELL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent, obtained leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 307)
granting bounty land to certain officers and sol-
diers employed in the protection of the public
property at Baton Rouge in the year 1836, and
during the Florida Indian war; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
LIEUTENANT WARREN'S EXPLORATION.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on Printing
have considered the propriety of printing the re-
port of Lieutenant G. It. Warren, of the United
States engineer corps, of his recent exploration of
the region of country between the Missouri and
Platte rivers and the Rocky Mountains, with an
accompanying map. We make ail adverse report
on the subject; and in order that the Senate may
see the argument in favor of the printing, I wish
to have read the letter of the Secretary of War in
regard to it.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
War. Department,
Washington, March, 26,1856.
Dear Sir: The topographical engineer, Lieutenant G.
K. Warren, on General Hartley's stuff", during the pa&tyeai's
campaign in the region between the Missouri and Platte
rivers and Rocky Mountains, has addressed a biief and in-
teresting report (accompanied by a map) to that oliice, winch
contains much useful and newly-acquired information re-
specting the country and routes, rivers and streams travers-
ing it, &c. The report and map should be printed, as they
will be very useful to the troops on that frontier, and to
travelers and emigrants.
It will not, probably, occupy more than forty printed
pages, (octavo,) or twenty leaves.
Very respectfully and truly yours,
JBFF'N DAVIS.
Hon. John B. Wei,ler,
Chairman Committee on Military Jtjfairs, Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is another letter of
pretty much the same import, which will show
the ground on which it is asked that this explo-
ratiolf shall be printed. It is a report fcf an ex-
ploration similar to the one in regard to which
we rejected the printing of extra numbers a few
days since. The Senate then established a prece-
dent by which the committee should be governed.
I refer to the report of Captain Marcy's explora-
tion of the Witchita and the head waters of the
Brazos rivers. The Senate refused to print extra
copies of it. Subsequently, however, they order-
ed the printing of the usual number. The com-
mittee have instructed me to report against the
printing of this exploration of Lieutenant War- i
ren at all; for the simple reason, that the original I
cost of the usual number, one thousand four j
hundred, will be nearly as much as the cost of j
printing five, six, or seven thousand copies. The j
cost of paper and the press-work is the only j
additional expense which would bo incurred by j
printing the larger number. There is an estimate '
furnished by the Superintendent of Public Print- |
ing, which shows that the printing of one thou- j
sand four hundred copies, embracing about sixty j
pages, with the map which accompanies the j
document, and which constitutes the chief cost, j
will amount to $1,420 30. Such maps may be 1
preserved, and I suppose are preservedin the War !
I Department and topographical bureau; but they
I will never be of use tu us unless they are put into
! a book, and the book bound. This document is
: not of the size which would be bound; it is only
1 some sixty pages. The printing of the map
j will cost $1,239. 0
! Under these circumstances, the committee have
| instructed mo to report against printing the doc-
! umerit at all, taking the rule which was adopted
m%Iarcy\s case i«s a precedent, considering that
that precedent ought to have been made still more
extensive, and that we should resist the printing
of any copies of such document if we refuse the
I printing- of extra numbers.
| Mr. WELLER. I have had no opportunity
of looking into this report, but I am informed by |
! the War Department that it is regarded as a very j
I valuable contribution to the geography of that j
i country. The letter of the Secretary of War ;
1 informs the Senate, that it would be very valua- |
I ble to those who are traveling through that region ■
I of country in going to our possessions on the j
j Pacific. It is well known that we are not very
j well informed in regard to the character of that
; immense region lying between the Mississippi
i and the Pacific ocean. If this infoimation be
| valuable, it seems to me that it ought to be pub-
i lished. If in any way it will contribute towards j
aiding the emigrants passing through that section
! of the Union, [ think by all means it should be
i published.
I This report comes here in answer to a call of
I the Senate. We have asked the War Department
' to send this information here on the supposition
j that it would be valuable, and the question now
' presented by the Committee on Printing is, whether
we shall avail ourselves of that information which
i has thus been obtained? An officer belonging to
1 the corps of engineers has been sent into that
! country; he has acquired, as he supposes, valuable
| information; he has sent it to the War Depart-
! ment; the Senate have called for it, and it is now
! before us. The simple question is, whether we
| shall put it in such a shape as to be of service to
j the people ?
I am opposed myself to printing extra numbers
of these vafious reports. I desire to see that
practice stopped. Economy and the public inter-
est require that it should be put an end to, but at
the same time I do not wish, in carrying out my
economy, to shut out that valuable information
which the country ought to have. I propose,
therefore, that the usual number of copies (four-
teen hundred) of this document be printed.
So far as the report of the committee is con-
cerned, I have no doubt that they acted upon
what they suppose to have been the precedent
established by the Senate in the case of Captain
Marcy; but that report had already been pub-
lished, I believe; at all events, all the informa-
tion which it contained had been spread abro.ad
throughout the land.
Mr. JOHNSON. It never has been published.
Mr. WELLER. One of his reports was pub-
lished. I trust that the Senate will agree to print
the usual cumber of copies of this document.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Cali-
fornia moves to amend the report of the committee
in such a manner as to print fourteen hundred
copies.
Mr. WELLER. I understand that to be the
usual number.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to correct the Senator
in one remark. He says that the exploration of
Marcy had been already published. If he means
that the one under consideration a few days since
has been published, he is certainly in error. The
exploration of the head waters of the Red river,
made by Captain Marcy, has been published,
but this exploration has not been printed. The
motion to print it was rejected the other day. I
have no objection to its printing. The Senate
can take its own course in regard to the matter.
The committee have only followed the precedent
established by the Senate.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I concurred in the ad-
verse report just made by the chairman of the
Committee on Printing. 1 occupy the same
ground in relation to the printing of this docu-
ment as in reference to the publication of Captain
Marcy's exploration, which was debated in the
Senate some time ago. If the object be simply
to publish a number of copics for the use of the
Senate, and if it be essential for the use of the
Senate, I have nothing to say against it; but I
understood, from the tenor of the remarks of the
Senator from California, that this document is to
be useful to the engineer corps.
Now, sir, fourteen hundied copies in the way
in which they are usually distiibuted will allow
to each Senator two or three copics. If you in-
tend to publish this document it will hardly be in
the press before Senators will receive communi-
cations from persons desiring the work. We
shall create an anxiety throughout the country
for it, and we shall not have it to distribute. The
committee believe that the safer plan would be to
let this exploration remain where it is—deposited
in the War Department—where it can be had if
it ever becomes necessary to resort to the work,
and have it published.
So for as its publication for the use of the
Senate is concerned, I can see no object to be ac-
complished by it. I rarely retain a copy of these
works for myself. There can be no benefit de-
rived from such a course. If the object be to
bestow them on the War Department, to be used
there, perhaps there would be some force in the
argument. But if it be understood that you have
ordered the printing of the work, and that it has
gone to the press, the community, perhaps, not
understanding the limited extent of the volumes to
be printed, will call upon us for it. Thence I cor-
dially concur with my colleague on the committee
in saying,that we should not publish the work at
all unless it is essential for the use of the engineer
corps.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to have this report
printed, not so much for the use of the Senate,
or the use of the War Department, but I desire
it for popular use—for the use of the people. I
understand that it contains much valuable inform-
ation as to tho character of the country, which
will be useful to the emigrant. It is, therefore,
for the advantage of the people that I desire that
this report shall be pri#ed, so that those who
wish to emigrate to the Pacific may be able to
obtain exact information as to the character of
the country over which they are to pass. It is in
