1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1205
litis light that I present it—not that it is neces-
sary for our information, in order to determine
any practical question which may be brought be-
fore us—not for the furpose of enabling the War
Department to ascertain the geography or topog-
raphy of thv country--but for the purpose of
enabling emigrants, and those who desire to go to
our western possessions, to find informa'.on which
wiil be important to them. It is in that light
aione that I present it. I undeistand that it con-
tains more valuable information to the emigrant,
and to those who desire to pass over the country,
than any other report we have had.
Tue PRE&IDEN X1. The hour has arrived for
the consideration of the special order, and this
subject niust be postponed unless otherwise or-
dered by the Senate.
Mr. JOJS ES, of Iowa. I hope the special or-
der will be taken up.
Mr. WELLEIt. I trust that the question will
be taken on this resolution.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the Chair will state the question on the amend-
ment of the Senator from California.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to say a word 011
that question.
The PRESIDENT. Then the special order
will be taken up unless otherwise directed by the
Senate. The special order is the resolution re-
ported by the Committee 011 Foreign Relations
on the resolution of the Senate of the Gth of
March, relative to the abrogation of the treaty
with Denmark m regard to the Sound dues.
Mr. JONES, of lowd. I move thai the Senate |
proceed to tin* consideration of the motion of the |
Senator trom Kentucky to reconsider the vote by 1
which the bill making a grant of land to the State
of^Iowa to aid in the construction of railroads m
said State was passed. That question wos pro-
nounced by yourself, sir, to be a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. MASON. I should be very glad to have
the resolution of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions taken up, but I understand that the question
in which the Senator from Iowa is interested has
the preference, it being a privileged question.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator from Iowa
insists on taking up the motion of the Senator
from Kentucky, it must be taken up.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I do.
Mr. CLAYTON. Before that question is
taken, I desire the consent of the Senate to make
a few remarks somewhat in the nature of a per-
sonal explanation.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Dela-
ware will proceed if there be no objection.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 hud m a morning paper,
sir, that a portion of the British statement of the i
correspondence on the Central American ques- |
tion, lately laid before Parliament by Lord Pal-
merston, is published, and, among other things,
an extractor a letter from Mr. Crampton, the
British Minister at Washington, to the Earl of j
Clarendon, dated Washington, March 31, 1856, j
containing this most remarkable statement: j
iHr. Crampton to the Earl of Clarendon, received %-lpril 12— i
Extract. |
" Wamiisgtov, March 31,1^56. ;
"It nail bo within your lordship's recollection that Mr. I
Clauon was mfomied by Sir Hemy Bulwer, before the :
treaty of ) 8.30 was signed, that Roman was dc jvi c and dc j
facto a British po^e^-ion ; and Mr. Clayton //«<• on various |
occasions since, in conversation ilWi me. Stated thut he consul- I
cied Roatan as much a Jhitidi po^se^sun us Jamaica}orany ,
other British TFcst India islands." !
Now,'sir, I wish to say, in reference to this i
statement of conversations with me, that it is j
utterly untrue in every particular, and that the j
British Minister must have labored under one of ;
the strangest hallucinations that ever affected the j
bram of any man, m making such a statement j
to the British Secretary for Foreign Affairs, in I
London. Nothing like what he imputes to me j
ever escaped from me to him, or to any one else, i
Fortunately the fact does not depend merely upon !
the counter-statements of Mr. Crampton and ;
myself. I mean to refer presently to a living j
witness; but before I do it I call the attention of j
the Senate to a letter written by Mr. Crampton,
and read by me in the Senate of the United j
States on the 12th of January, 1854, in the course 1
of a speech in which I was endeavoring to prove j
that Roatan v/as not a dependency of Belize, and 1
| was not therefore exempted from the provisions
i of the treaty of the 19th of April, 1850. I had
his own testimony on this subject; I read it to ,
the Senate, and I propose to read it again now, !
to contradict this statement winch is made known j
to me wnhm this hour, for the first time, and of j
which I had not before the most remote conc.ep- I
tion. I
It will be recollected that Great Britain has 1
rented her claim to the island of Roatan entirely ;
011 the assumed fact that it was a dependency j
of Belize. That was the ground, and the only
ground, upon which she pretended, at the time ]
of the treaty of 1850, to have had title. In a de- 1
bate here 111 January. 185-1—the Senate then con- '
sidering that very question—I produced the letter j
of Mr. Crampton, in which he uses these words: j
British Ligation, Januctiy 7. 1834.
My pear Sir: I have the honor to ncknow lodge the
icceipr of your note of to da\'s date, m which yon inquire
of me—Fn-.t. whether thoie may noi he a mistake in the
dispatches of my Government, lateh communicated to
Congre", so fai as they spenk of Bntivh Honduias a> part
ot Cential America? Secondly, whether I und<n--tand Cen-
tral Ameuca as einbiaeni" amtlnu<r more than the five
Central Amencan States J And thirdly, whether I under-
stand the dependencies of Hiur-h Honduras as an> thing
more than the tinall islands de^eubed by the neaty of 1786.
I reelet that I am at piesent unable to supply you with
an explicit explanation of the pas^uies of the di<patche«?
fiom which it seem-- to he jnfei ted that BHi/.e j* stated, by
the Bimsh Government, to he situated inCential America,
as J <mi not in possesion of any official communication
irom my Go\einment 111 winch that question is directly
treated.
A fair inference, however, from the text of treaties and
other documents to which J have access, with legarri to
the title oi G1 edt Britain to British Honduras and it« de- j
pendencies, would h-ad me to conclude that Bnti-h Hon-
duias is situated in mcmco. and not m Ontial Aincnea,
p'opciiy *• o called. In this opinion f have good reason to
think the Government °f the I hilled States concurs.
The dcjicndrnac-y 0/ British Ilond/trw, arc. in my opinion,
rh^tui' tlx/ cnnnic, alc<1 in the ti caiy 0/1*5 £o
Jt occur* to nic that in the di-patche- m question which,
it mu-u he recollected, tientot this somewhat complicated
matter incidentally only, the term *' < Yntiul America " may
have been u^eri in some geographical sen^e m which it has j
not unhequently b^en applied to the cential part of this '
continent, and not m the true political and diplomatic mea.i-
usf of the tcim. I would remark, too, that the boundaries
ot Central America, in the political ^ense, aie. in some re-
>peet<, not \et completely defined, more patueulatiy as
regards the boundary between Costarica and New Gian.ida,
which is 'still in depute between tho^e States.
These are my own individual impressions, and I can only
give them to vou as such. I shall willingly, liowcvci, apply
to my own Government for a more di-amct explanation of
the rnattei, wln^h, J doubt not, will prove satisfactoiy to
the Government of the United States and to \ourself.
1 am, inv dear sir, with much r^pect, vouin veiv faith
fully, * JOHN F. CRAMPTON.
To the lion John M. Clayton", IftiifeJ States Senate.
I thus adduced Mr. Crampton's own authority
for the purpose of showing that there must li^ve
been a mistake in a previous dispatch written by
Lord Clarendon, who claimed, as Lord Palmers-
ton had done, that Roatan was a dependency of
Belize, otherwise called British Honduras. He
agrees that there was a mistake in those dispatches.
He says that he has consulted the records of his
legation, and that, after doing so fully, and after
the premonition by me which expressed a wish
that lie should do so. he has arrived at the conclu-
sion deliberately, lithat the dependencies of British
Honduras are distinctly enumerated in the treaty
e/1786."
"Well, sir, if they are distinctly enumerated in
the treaty of 1786. what follows from that? The
treaty of 1786 describes the small islands that are
dependencies of Belize, and they are these islands:
First, Cayo Casino, or St. George's Key, and
then those small islands embraced in a triangle
within a very small distance from Belize, not
extending from it, at any rate, more than a few
leagues. Roatan is stated by Air. "Buchanan to
be three hundred miles from Belize, and, so far ,
from being one of those small island-? embraced in j
that triangle, is an island of considerable size, j
and more than a hundred miles, by any mode of j
computation, from those small islands, and from j
that triangle. i
Then, sir, M*\ Crampton arrived at the conclu- j
sion,and so authorized me by his own hand- ■
writing to announce to the Senate and to the 1
world, as I did at the time, substantially, that j
Roatan was not a dependency of British Hon- 'j
duras, and could not be claimed, in his opinion, ;!
as such. I mentioned on his authority, in the |
Senate, a few days after his letter, that the islands lj
which were the dependencies of Belize were '!
marked out in the treaty of 1786, and that the ,1
irresistible consequence followed, that Roatan was
not a dependency of Belize, and therefore could
not have been, if Great Britain claimed it as a
dependency of Belize, exempted from the opera-
tion of the treaty of 1850. That of itself is a con-
clusive refutation of the statement which is now
for the first time published, as under his authority,
that I ever said Roatan was a British posses-
sion as much as Jamaica, or any other West India
islandbecause Iliad never* heard that Great
Britain claimed the island in any other way, or
by any other title, than as a dependency of Belize.
How could I suppose the British claim of Roatan
wao valid when he himself thought, as I always
expressed my own opinion in debate here, that it
was impossible it could have been a dependency of
Belize while Great Britain asserted no other title ?
1 am inclined, in charity, to believe that this
gentleman has imagined that some such conver-
sation os this took place between him and me,
from the fact that, in all the negotiations relating
to the subject, and in all conversations about it,
I hove always said that, if it could be shown on
the part of the British Government that Roatan
was a West India island, so remote from the old
viceroyalty of Guatemala, now called Central
America, that it was not an "island adjacent" to
that territory within the meaning of the treaty of
17S6, it would be exempted from the operation of
the treaty of 1786, by which Great Britain aban-
doned to Spain all claim to that viceroyalty and
the '* islands adjacent" to it; but whether it was
or not within the treaty depended on geograph-
ical facts; and those facts, as now fully estab-
lished, show that the island is adjacent to that
territory and to the shore of the State of Hon-
duras, which is a part of it.
It so happened that, during last March, (I
think it was in that month,) and while I was
unable to attend the sessions of the Senate, being
sick at my lodgings, 1 was waited on one day by
my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
and engaged m a conversation with him in refer-
ence to a statement that had been made by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] who had
observed (as I had supposed, upon some author-
ity emanating from the British Minister here)
that something was to come to light some day
which would show that Roatan was understood,
between the parties who negotiated the treaty of
1850, to be a British possession exempted from
the operation of that treaty. 1 called the atten-
tion of my friend to it, and we were in conversa-
tion in relation to it when Mr. Crampton came
in, for the purpose (as he said) of inviting me to
go to dine with him. I was too sick to dine with
him,but 1 conversed with him at length. As soon
as he took a seat I called his attention to the state-
ment which had been made here in the Sogate
by the Senator from Massachusetts; and I de-
manded of him whether he knew of anything, or
whether anything was to be found in the British
records, to implicate me in such a manner as that
—whether there was any charge that I had ever
admitted that Roatan was not within the limits
of the treaty, and was exempted from its opera-
tion? In the most unqualified terms, in the pres-
ence of my friend from Kentucky, now here, he
acknowledged that there was nothing of the kind,
and that lie never intended to make such an im-
putation. Now, sir, I ask my friend from Ken-
tucky to state what his recollections are of the
conversation, to which he accidentally happened
to be a witness, on that occasion.
Mr. CASS. Docs the honorable Senator rec-
ollect the date of the interview with Mr. Cramp-
ton to which he refers?
Mr. CLAYTON. I cannot now remember the
precise date. My friend from Kentucky perhaps
may fix the very day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir, I cannot. I
think it was m the month of March, but I cannot
be positive about the day. It was some time ago.
Mr. "WILSON. The time referred to by the
Senator from Kentucky, I think, was on orabout
the 23d of February, or the latter part of the
month of February.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know it was cold
weather. I remember that perfectly, and I think
there was snow on the ground. The gentleman
from M assachusetts ought to recollect it,-because
it was shortly after the delivery -of his speech.
Mr. WILSON. 1 think it was the 22d or 23d
o'f February.
