1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
34th Cong,... 1st Sess.
Policy of the Republican Party—Mr. Perry.
Ho. of Reps.
gom" from town to city as missionaries in a holy cause
T!,ov are doiii? feat p*"l-
•• -The E-puMicans l.ave secured the organization of the '
House at \V,i lungton. Good will come of it. i
Very truly yours, EDS. TRIBUNE.' " |
I have before me, also, some elegant extracts
from the New York Tribune, and will read a part
of a one, as a specimen: |
The people of Kansas, and the friends of freedom for
Kansas, mast continue to do ichat they have been doing era
since the passage o f the Kansas-Nebraska bill? Conforming
tothe principle of squatter sovereignty, on which that hill
assumes to found itself, they must pour free settlers into
' Kansas, veil armed with Sharpe's rifles, or other convenient
weapons."
It then proceeds to appeal to young men of
ardor and enthusiasm, and calls upon them to go to
Kansas, and take part in the impending struggle
for the sake of' 'glory and a quarter section.1' Thus
■we find the appeal of the insurgent convention to
their friends to raise and organize troops, and pro- |
cure and prepare arms, recognized and responded i
to, with a view to the contemplated issue. j
Mr. President, the measures have been taken
which are necessary to kceD the peace in Kansas.
If no violence is designed by either party, no one j
has a right to complain of those measures. If
violence is designed, it is the duty of the Presi-
dent to maintain o force there, which shall keep
them in check. This, I apprehend, is all that need j
be done. The laws are equal to the preservation j!
of peace in that Territory. 11
But, sir, they demand admission into the Union, i
either now or at some distant day to be fixed by |
Congress. I will say now that I have no objec- '!
tion to the passage of a general law prescribing ;
the terms on which new States formed out of the '
Territories may be admitted into the Union; but
I am altogether disinclined to yield to demands,
accompanied by threats, from revolutionists in
Kansas. Nor am I disposed to allow them to !
occupy the immense territory which they claim
as a State, and to come into the Union, with a
population of less than twenty-five thousand, j
according to their own representation, on an !
equality with any State having one Representative i j
in the other House. I cannot consent to it. To j
agree to that course is to settle the question by j
Congress yielding to the demands set up by an
insurrectionary organization under the influence
of the emigrant aid association. It is to sur-
render at once to that unquiet spirit of aggression
which for more than forty years has warred upon
the institutions of one half of the States of this
Union; has sought to exclude their citizens from
the common territory of the nation, and to annul
even the compromises of the Constitution,which ;
promise protection for their property, and secure
to them a portion of their political power. I am !
unwilling to yield to that spirit. I donotappre- j
hend any serious trouble.
I said, yesterday, that whenever agitators have
succeeded in disturbing the peace of the country '
to an extent to create serious apprehensions of
danger, the great body of the people have proved :
themselves loyal to the Union; and I believe that,
if the present agitation is continued, the people of
this country will again rebuke the fomenters of !
•discord, and maintain the supremacy of the Con-
stitution and the laws.
I have spoken of the action of parties; but I
desire it to be understood that, when I speak of
the present organizations, I wish to distinguish
conservative men, who act with the associa- ;
tion called Republican, from the two wings of
that party known as Abolitionists. I condemn j
no man for voting against the passage of the !
Kansas-Nebraska act. Theie are differences of
opinion on that subject. There were such differ- j
ences among conservative men at the time of its |
passage among the members of the House of Rep- :
resentatives: many of those who voted against j
the bill afterwards shared the fate of others who I
voted for it, because they were conservative. By
the union of Abolitionists with a new organiza-
tion called Know Nothings, every conservative
member from Massachusetts was immolated.
The same thing occurred in other States. What
I mean to say to honorable gentlemen of the
Republican party, who are not Abolitionists, is
'this—if they do not wish to be made responsible
for the action of their associates, let them at once
dissolve the connection, and seek a healthy organ-
ization which shall be natioaal in it  charafcter,
and manifest their fidelity to the Union by rally-
ing to the support of the laws and the Constitu-
tion.
APPENDIX.
[No. 1.]
House of Representatives, February 18,1819.
The bUl establishing a Territorial Government for Ark-
ansas.
Mr. Taylor, of New York, moved to insert a section pro-
viding that neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall
be introduced into the said Territory, otherwise than for the
punishment of crimes, whereof tile party shall have been
duly convicted} and all children bom of slaves within said
Territory shall be free, but may be held to service until the
age of twenty-five years.
The question was divided, and put on the first part of the
clause down to the word " convicted," inclusive, aud de-
cided in the negative—TO to 71; the second clause was
agreed to—75 to 73.
| Friday. February 19.—On a motion to commit the bill,
1 with instructions to strike out the second clause of the
amendment, and on the question there were—yeas 88,
nays 88.
The question was decided in the affirmative by the vote
of the Speaker. The votes of the free States were as fol-
lows :
Teas. Nays. Teas. Nays.
New Hampshire.... i 4
Vermont  5
Massachusetts 4 15
Rhode Island  2
Connecticut  7
New York 3 24
New Jersey. 2 4
Pennsylvania  1 22
Oliio  3 3
Indiana  * 1
Illinois 1
I Total 15 .86
Delaware voted, ay 1, no 1; all the votes of the other
States were in the affirmative.
The committee reported back the bill amended agreeably
to the instructions; and the question being taken to concur
with the select committee, it passed in the affirmative. The
free States voted as before, except that Massachusetts gave
one less in the negative.
Mr. Taylor, of New York, then moved to amend by
inserting the first clause of the former amendment; and it
was determined in the negative—yeas 86, nays 90. The
votes of the frep Stales in the affirmative were the same as
j their negative voles on the question last preceding, except
, that the affirmative vote of New York was one less than
| the negative vote before.—Mouse Journal, second session,
| Fifteenth Congress, pp. 283 to 294.
[ [No. 2.J
Ik the Senate, March 2,1830.
On motion of Mr. Bardocr to amend the Missouri bifh
of the House to strike out from the fourth section of the
bill the provisions prohibiting slavery or involuntary servi-
tude in the contemplated State otherwise than in the pun-
ishment of crimes, as recommended by the committee of
conference, it was agreed to—yeas 27, nays 15.
The free States voted as follows :
Teas. Nays. Teas. Nays.
New Hampshire.. 1 1 New Jersey  2
Vermont  Pennsylvania  2
Massachusetts.... 9 Ohio  2
Rhode Island 1 1 Indiana  2
Connecticut 1 1 Illinois 2
New York  2    
Total ^. .4^ 5 15
Senate Journal, first session Sixteenth Congress, p. 201.
House or Representatives, March 2,1820.
On the question of concurrence with the Senate on the
above amendment it passed in the affirmative—yeas 90,
nays 87, the free States voting as follows :
Teas. Nays. : Teas. Nays.
New Hampshire... 6 New Jersey..;.... 3 3
Vermont.  6 Pennsylvania 2 21
Massachusetts.... 4 16 Ohio  e
Rhode Island 1 1 Indiana  1
Connecticut 2 4 Illinois  1
New York  2 22 — —
Total 14 87
House Journal, p. 276.
[No. 3.]
House or Representatives, December 13,1820.
The House resumed the consideration of the resolution
(reported by Mr. Lowndes) declaring the admission of the
State of Missouri into the Union; and on the question,
" Shall the resolution be engrossed and read a third time ?"
it was determined in the negative—yeas 79, nays 93; the
free States voting as follows:
Teas. Nays. Teas.
New Hampshire.....
Vermont 
Massachusetts  I
Rhode Island 
Connecticut 
New York  1
Nays.
6
New Jersey....
. 2
4
6
Pennsylvania..
. 1
22
18
5
1
1
7
1
21
, 5
92
Delaware gave one vote hi the negative. The votes of
Maine are included with Massachusetts House Journal.
tetond fession Sfstitvnth Coitgrrtr, p. fl).
[No. 4.J
House or Representatives, February 12,1821.
The vote being taken 011 Mr. Mallory's amendment to
the amendment of the select committee to the joint resolu-
tion of the Senate for the admission of Missouri, it was
determined in the negative—yeas Gl, nays 107. The votes
1 of the free States were as follows:
I Teas. Nays. Teas. Nays.
New Hampshire.... 4 2 New Jersey...  4
Vermont 6 Pennsylvania 15 6
Massachusetts 14 6 Ohio  2 3
J Rhode Island  1 Indiana  1
: Connecticut 4 3 Illinois  1
New York 15 8 . _ —
Total 61 34
The vote of Maine is included with that of Massachu-
setts.—House Journal, second session Sixteenth Congress,
p. 220.
[No. 5.]
House of Representatives, February 26,1821.
The joint resolution for the admission of Missouri upon
a fundamental condition therein contained, as reported by
Mr. Clay from the joint committee, being under consider-
ation on the question, " Shall the resolution be engrossed
and read a third time I" it was determined in the affirm-
ative—yeas 86, nays 82. The resolution waB then read a
third time, and on the question " Shall it pass ?" it was de-
termined in tlie affirmative—yeas 87, nays 81. The vote
of the free States was as follows :
Teas. Nays. Teas. Nays.
Maine 1 6 New York 6 17
New Hampshire— 5 New Jersey 4 1
Vermont  5 Pennsylvania 4 19
Massachusetts..'... 1 11 Ohio  6
Rhode Islnad  1 Indiana l
Connecticut   1 6 Illinois  i
House Journal, second session Sixteenth Congress, od.
276,277,278. °
[No. 6.]
Senator Butler refers to the clause in the eighth article
of the league or confederation of 29th May, 1643, entitled,
" Articles of confederation between the Plantations under
the Government of Massachusetts, New Plymouth, Con-
necticut, New Ilaven,in NcwEngland, with the Plantations
in combination with thein."
The particular clause referred to is in these words :
" It is also agreed that, if any servant run away from his
master, into any of the confederate jurisdictions, that in
such case (and upon certificate from one magistrate in the
jurisdiction out of which said servant fled, or upon other
due proof) the said servant shall be either delivered to his
master, or any other that pursues and brings such certificate
and proof."
POLICY OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
SPEECH OF HON. JOHN J. PERRT,
of maine,
In the House of Representatives,
May 1, 1856.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. PERRY said: Mr. Chairman, in. the dis-
cussions that have taken place upon this floor, and
at various other places in the Union, the Republi-
can party has been charged with "sectionalism,"
The authors of this groundless assumption have,
in the same connection, boasted of the nationality
of the Democratic party. These two propositions
I now desire to discuss.
Prior to the meeting of the Thirty-Third Con-
gress, the country was' enjoying a remarkable
state of repose. The waves of agitation,, which
in former years had rolled over the country, had
abated theirfury,and ceased to disturb the peace
or threaten the perpetuity of the Union. The
discordant political elements had become qui-
eted, and universal peace and almost unexampled
prosperity reigned throughout the States. The
people, a few months before, passed through a
presidential contest, and elected to the executive
chair of the nation a son of New England by an
overwhelming majority.
General Pierce accepted the nomination upon
a platform which declared:
"The Democratic party will resist all attempts at renew-
ing in Congress, or out of it, the agitation of the slavery
question, under whatever shape or color the attempt may be
made."
The President, at the opening of Congress,
declared, in the most emphatic terms, his determ-
ination to carry out the principles upon which he
was elected. In his message he says:
" But notwithstanding differences of opinion and senti-
ment, which, tlieu existed in relation to details and specific
provisions, the ' acqulascenefc of distinguished citizens,
