1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mr$
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1857, and agreed to the second
amendment of the Senate with an amendment.
On motion of Mr. Hunter, the Senate insisted
on their first and third amendments, disagreed
to the House amendment to their second amend-
ment, and asked for a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses. Messrs. Hunter,
Mallory, and Fish were appointed the commit-
tee of conference on the part of the Senate.
order of business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
«rder is the bill (S. No. 146) making provision
to compensate agents for paying pensions, and
prescribing the time and manner of settling their
accounts.
Mr WELLER. I move its postponement for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
the bill i^S. No. 130) making appropriations for
new fortifications.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope_ not. We have
had this bill up two or three times, and it was
agreed last week that it should bo the special
order for to-day. It will not take long to dispose
of it. I do not think anybody wants to discuss
it.
Mr. IVERSON. I should like to move an
amendment to the motion of the Senator from
California to postpone the prior order, not for
the purpose of taking up the fortification bill, but
for the purpose of taking up and passing a bill
reported from the Committee on Finance to reg-
ulate the pay of members of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question will be on postponing the special order,
which is the bill stated by the Chair, S. No. 146.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope that will not be
done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
of priority of business will come up afterwards.
Mr. HUNTER. I might be willing to post-
pone for one bill and not for the other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will first state the question on postponing.
Mr. WELLER. The bill to which the Sen-
ator from Georgia alludes is a sp,ecial order. I
made a motion to postpone the prior orders for
the purpose of taking up the bill I indicated. I
apprehend that will be the first question put to
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is a
double motion. The Senator from Georgia is in
favor of postponing the special older; but not to
take up the bill indicated by the Senator from
California.
Mr. IVERSON. I have a right to ask for a
division of the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Certainly.
The first question is on postponing the special
order.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 21, noes 15.
Mr. WELLER. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 130) making ap-
propriations for certain new fortifications.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope that motion will not
prevail, but that the Senate will agree, in lieu of
it, to take up the bill to regulate the compensa-
tion of members of Congress. I do not propose
to discuss the bill, though at one time I was dis-
posed to go into a full discussion of it; but I trust
the Senate will take up that bill and act on it. I
have good reason to believe that, if the Senate
should pass the bill to-day, we shall be able to
finish it at this session of Congress. Every Sen-
ator is interested in it, and it is important that we
should act on it to-day, because, if we do not
pass it at this session, it will not take effect next
session.
Mr. WELLER. I understand the Senator
from Georgia desires to take up something in
which we are particularly interested. I suppose
there is nobody interested in the increase of com-
pensation except Senators. I propose to take up
a bill in which the whole community is interested.
We are deeply interested in putting the nation in
a proper state of defense. Fortifications are in-
dispensably necessary to accomplish that object.
The Senator proposes that-I should forego this
bill, in order to take up one which directly affects
our pay. As he puts it on personal account, and
every Senator is interested, m all probability they
may votg ma down, and therefor* I shall take it
graciously, and hope the Senate will consume as
Tittle time as possible on the compensation bill.
Mr. IVERSON. The fortification bill will
pass, as a matter of course.
The PRESIDENT fro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California
to take up the bill S. No. 130.
Mr. WELLER. I withdraw rny motion.
Mr. IVERSON. Now I move to take up the
bill (S. No. 398) to regulate the compensation of
members of Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
private bills.
Mr. SLID ELL. I gave notice early this morn-
ing, that I intended to offer a resolution to de-
vote an hour or two this afternoon, commencing
at four o'clock, to the consideration of private
bills from the House. That evidently cannot be
done to-day. I now hope the Senate will consent
to devote from half past eleven o'clock to one
o'clock to-morrow to the consideration of private
bills from tlie House, and I offer a resolution to
that effect:
Resolved, That the Senate will proceed to morrow, at
halt"past eleven o'clock until one o'clock, to the consid-
eration of private bills from the House of Representatives
that will not give rise to debate.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senate will not
adopt that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark that it is necessary, under the rules,
to give one day's notice before such a change can
be made.
Mr. SLID ELL. I desire to give notice that, to-
morrow morning, at twelve o'clock, 1 will ask the
Senate to take up the President's message vetoing
the Des Moines rapids bill, and shall ask the
Senate to consider and determine that subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana will be re-
garded as a notice that he will make his motion
to-morrow.
IOWA SENATORS HIP.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If the Senator from
Georgia gives me his consent, I will move to take
from the files the resolution of the Senate of tine
State of Iowa, relative to the seat of my col-
league, [Mr. Harlan,] and have it referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary without any remark.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer, if that subject be
taken up, that it be made the special order for an
early day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will not entertain the proposition, if it is to lead
to debate. There is a bill before the Senate—the
one taken up on the motion of the Senator from
Georgia.
Mr. HALE. I object to everything else.
PAY OP MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 398) to regu-
late the compensation of members of Congress,
which was reported from the Committee on Fi-
nance, with an amendment to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert the following sub-
stitute:
That the compensation of each Senator, Representa-
tive, and Delegate (-.hail bt1 *'2/>00 per annum, to commence
from and after the date of the adjournment of the piesent
session of Confess, t!ie In st payment to be made pro laia at
the next session ot' Congiess, and monthly duuug the ses-
sion until its close. Tlie pay of the members ot each future
Congress shall commence on the 4th March, of each year,
whether they shall be elected hefoie or aiter that time, and
they shall receivc the pro rata amount, together with their
mileage^ which may he due at the commencement of tlie
session, and the residue m monthly payments until the
clo e of tlie session. But, if a member shall die duung the
recess, the said pro rata pay may go to his heirs until the
commencement of the nest session, after wiiieh it may be
paid on proper lequisition; and if during the session, then
such pay shall cease on the day of the choice of his succes-
sor, who shall receive his mileage and the residue of the
pay to which lus predecessor would have been entitled.
And each Senator, Representative, and Delegate shall also
be allowed at each annual session of Congress eight dollars
for every twenty miles of the estimated distance by the
most usual route from his place of residence to the seat of
Congress, at the commencement and end of every such
session, when such estimated distance does not exceed
twelve hundred and titty miles; and where it exceeds
twelve hundred and fifty miles, he shall be allowed six
dollars for every twenty miles.
Sec. 2. And le it further enacted. That the President of
the Senate pro tempore, when there is no Vice President,
or when the Vice President shall exercise the office of Presi-
dent of the United States, and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives, shall he entitled to receive such addiuon to
the annual compensation and mileage allowed by the first
section of this act, as will, in the aggregate, equal the pay
of the Vice President; and in ca-e of the temporary absence
of the Vice President, tlie President of the Senate pro tern*
pore shall be entitled to receive ten dollars per diem in-ad-
dition to the annual compensation to which lie may be en-
titled under the first section of this act.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That if any hooks shall
hereafter be distributed to members of Congress' by a resolu-
tion of either or both Houses of Congress, the price given for
the same shall he deducted from the compensation herein
provided by law for the said meriibei or members: Provided,
however, That this shall not extend to hooks ordered to be
printed during the Congress for which the said* member
shall have been elected.
Sko. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. IVERSON. As I stated to the Senate, I
do not rise to discuss this bill. The condition of
my voice is such as to render it impossible for
me to do so, if I were desirous of it; but I appre-
hend the Senate has made up its mind on this
question. Every Senator can vote intelligently,
without advice or instruction. I think it impor-
tant, if we act on this bill at all, that we should
act p romptly, m order that it may go to the House
of Representatives and receivc their sanction. As
I stated, when I was up before, if the Senate pass
the bill now, the concurrence of the other branch
may be received. It is important to pass it now,
if the bill is to take effect at the next session; and,
if not passed now, it will not take effect until after
the 4th of March next. I hope the Senate will
vote on the bill without any elaborate discussion.
Mr. WELLER. I believe this bill increases
the compensation of every Senator and member
of the House of Representatives, except those
who happen to live upon the Pacific. It reduces
the compensation of the Senators and members
from California, and of trie Delegates of the Ter-
ritories of Oregon and Washington. I know not
on what principle my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] has arranged this provision; but I am
very certain that it was the design to increase the
pay of members of Congress. We have all felt
tlie necessity of that. I have found it utterly im-
possible to live oil the pay allowed to me; but you
propose in this bill to diminish that; so that I
want it understood by the Senate and the country
that it increases very much the compensation of
everybody in the Senate Chamber except the
humble man who now addresses you.
Mr. HALE. I desire the humble man who
just addressed the Senate to be kind enough to
tell us, under the existing law, what his mileage
is ?
Mi. WELLER. My mileage is $5,400, and
I trust it may never be necessary for the Senator
to ask me that again. [Laughter.] It is some-
what invidious for the Senator to get up here, and
propound questions of that sort; but I have no
objection to answer. There may be a fraction
over; it may bt $5,425. The answer ought to
be sufficiently explicit for the purpose for which
the Senator designed it.
Mr. HALE. I cannot think it is invidious to
ask the question of the Senator, when he makes
the proffer of himself as an example. I certainly
should not have (lone it, if he had not made a
proller; and of course I disclaim any intention of
being invidious.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am sensible, Mr. Pres-
ident, that the Senate may be in the condition
suggested by the Senator from Georgia—every
( man's mind may be made up. That, however, is
i not exactly my condition, and I will not occupy
the Senate a long time, if gentlemen will give me
their attention for a few minutes.
In the first place, I am perfectly satisfied that
the pay of members of Congress should be in-
creased. All are well aware of reasons enough
why that should be done; but I have one reason
on my mind particularly, and that is, that Con-
gress has increased the pay of the^ heads of the
Departments, of the clerks, of foreign ministers,
of the judiciary, of their workmen, their own
pages, and clerks, and officers in the Army and
Navy, and every part of the Government; but
there seems to have been a sort of shrinking from
apportioning their own pay in the same way. I
hardly think that creditable.
Mr. WELLER. If my friend from Vermont
will allow me, I wish simply to show the effect
of this measure on the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. His present pay, including mileage, is
$1,932, and under this bill he will get $2,932, a
difference of a thousand dollars in his pocket.
