1856.1
appendix to the congressional globe.
471
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Policy of the Republican Party—Mr. Perry.
Ho. or Reps.
The founders of the Government not only left
their testimony as individuals upon the question
of slavery, but their well-known opinions were
incorporated into the Constitution and legislation
of the country.
To go back to the Declaration of Independence,
we find Washington, and Jefferson, and Frank-
lin, and Sherman, and Pinckney,and their illus-
trious compatriots, solemnly subscribing their
names to these " self-evident truths, that all men i
are created equal; that they are endowed by their j
Maker with inherent and inalienable rights; that
among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness."
The Constitution itself is a great chart of lib-
erty. Nowhere in it can be found the word ,
•• slave," or " slaves," so careful were its found-
era to give no implied sanction to the traffic in
human beings. In its very commencement—in
its preamble, it declares—
" The people of the United States, in order to form a
more perfect Union, establish justice," * * * « pro-
mote the general welfare, and secure th« blessings of lib-
erty," * * * "do ordain and establish this Constitu-
tion!"
In the same instrument it is declared—
" No person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
Without due process of law."—•Amendment, jtrt. 5.
There is another provision contained in the
Constitution, which for the last ten years has
been the subject of warm discussion both in and
out of Congress. I mean that provision which i
gives Congress " power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the i
territory, or other property belonging- to the
United States." In this connection, I do not
propose to go into a discussion of the question,
whether Congress has constitutional power to
interdict slavery in the Territories of the United
States; but shall here content myself with show-
ing how the framers of the Constitution under-
stood it themselves.
On the 1st of March, 1784, Congress voted to
accept of a cession from the State of Virginia of
what was subsequently known as the North-
west Territory. On the same day, Mr. Jefferson,
from a committee consisting of himself, Mr. Chase
of Maryland, and Mr. Howell of Rhode Island,
reported a plan for the government. This plan
embraced all the Western Territory, and all ter-
ritory ceded or to be ceded by individual States
to the United States. (See Journals of Congress,
April 23,1784.) One of the provisions of said plan
is as follows:
• "That after the year 1800 of the Christian era there shall
be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in any of the
■aid States, otherwise than in the punishment of crimes
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted to have
been personally guilty."—4 Jour. Cong. Confei., 374.
Territories were in this article of the ordinance
Spoken of as States, because it was contemplated
to erect the Territories into States. Under the
Articles of Confederation amajority of the thirteen
States was necessary to an affirmative decision
of any question. On the 19th of April a vote was
taken on this proviso. The vote stood for the
proviso—McState*, viz: New Hampshire, Massa-
chusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York,
and Pennsylvania. Against it—three States, viz:
Virginia, Maryland, and South Carolina. Dela-
ware and Georgia were not represented. Nevtr
Jersey by Mr. Dick voted ay, but her vote, only
one delegate being present,could not be counted. !
North Carolina was divided—Mr. Williamson ,
voting ay, and Mr. Speight no. From Virginia
Mr. Jefferson voted ay, and Messrs. Hardy and !
Mercer no. Of the twenty-three delegates present, j
sixteen voted for, and seven against—thus this pro-
viso was defeated by a minority vote. The people j
were for it, and the States for it; but it failed Dy 1
a provision which enabled the minority to control
the majority.
In the same year, Mr. Rufus King, of Massa-
chusetts, moved the proviso in the following
form:
"That there shall be neither slavery nor involuntary
servitude in any of the States described in the resolves of
Congress of the 23d of April, 1784, otherwise than in the
punishment of crimes whereof the party shall have been
personally guilty; and that this regulation shall be an article
of compact, and remain a fundamental principle of the con-
stitutions between the thirteen original States, and such of
the States described in the said resolve of the 23d of April,
1784."—4 Jour. Co,tg. Confed., 481.
This was committed by a vote of two to one,
and resulted in the celebrated ordinance of 1787,
which expressly prohibited slavery and involuntary
servitude, except for crime, throughout the whole ter-
ritory [then belonging to the United States] for-
ever." This proviso received the votes of every
delegate (with a single exception from New York)
in the convention. The First Congress under i
i the Constitution ratified the ordinance of 1787. j
} In the convention which framed the Constitution i
there were twenty men who were also members |
of the First Congress under the Federal Consti-
tution. This proves very clearly that they un- ;
derstood that Congress had power, under the Con- :
j stitution which they themselves had made, to
. prohibit sl&verjf in the Territories.
Thus history vindicates the fact, that the
j patriots of the Revolution, the members of the old
State Confederation, the members of the conven-
tion which framed the Constitution, and the mem-
bers of the First Congress after the adoption of
| the Constitution, entertained the same sentiments
; upon the questions of slavery extension and re-
! striction that are now advocated by the Repub-
lican party.
But I will not stop here, but proceed to prove
that the views of the Republican party on the
constitutional right of Congress to prohibit sla-
very in the Territories are sustained by the legis-
lation of Congress from the meeting of the first
Congress up to 1848, and that such legislation
has received the sanction of every President,
with a single exception, beginning with General
Washington up to, and including, President Polk.
To maintain this proposition I shall introduce
facts direct from the records of the Government:
1. The ordinance of 1787 was recognized by i
chapter one, firstsession of First Congress. There
seems to have been no objection to it. Mr. Mad-
ison's name appears on the Journal of the pro-
ceedings the same day it passed. He was, no
doubt, present, and concurred in the measure.
The act was signed by General Washington. ,
2. On the 7th of April, 1798, an act was passed
authorizing the establishment of a government in
Mississippi Territory. It authorized the Pres-
ident to establish therein a government similar to
that in the territory northwest of the Ohio river,
excepting the Jefferson proviso of 1787. It then
prohibited the importation of slaves from any
place without the limits of the United States.
This act passed about ten years before Congress
was authorized by the Constitution to prohibit
oringing slaves into the States which were origin-
ally parties to the Federal compact. This act
passed under the administration of the elder
Adams.
3. At the first session of the Sixth Congress,
chapter forty-one, laws of 1800, an act was passed
creating a territorial government for Indiana
out of the Northwest Territory—reaffirming the
ordinance of 1787—and was signed by President
Adams.
4. On the 26th of March, 1804, an act was
passed dividing Louisiana into two Territories,
and providing that all that part of the Territory
south of the thirty-third parallel of latitude, now
the southern boundary of Arkansas, should be
erected intp the Territory of Orleans. In this
act there are three provisions in respect to slavery
in the Territory: First. The importation from
any place without the limits of the United States
was prohibited; Second. The importation from
any place within the United States of slaves im-
ported since the 1st of May, 1798, was prohibited;
Third. The importation of slaves, except by a
" citizen Qf the United States removing into said
Territory for actual settlement, and being at the
time of sueh removal bona fide owner of such
slaves," wasprohibited. This is one of the strong-
est cases on record to show the control of Con-
gress over slavery in the Territories. It was a
direct prohibition of the domestic slave trade.
This act was signed by President Jefferson.
5. On the 11th of January, 1805, an act was
passed establishing the Territory of Michigan,
reaffirming the ordinance of 1787.
6. On the 3d of February, 1809, a similar gov-
ernment was established for the Territory of Illi-
nois, recognizing the same ordinance. These two
last acts were under the administration of Jeffer-
son.
7. On the 4th of June, 1812, an act was passed
providing for the government of the Territory of
Missouri, and the laws and regulations in force
in the District of Louisiana were continued in
operation.
8. On the 3d of March, 1817, a government
was formed for the Territory of Alabama, and
the laws then in force within it as a part of Mis-
sissippi were continued in operation. These acts
were passed under Mr. Madison's administra-
tion.
9. On the 9th of March, 1819, the Territory
of Arkansas was formed from the Territory of
Mississippi, and a government established for it..
10. On the 6th of March, 1820, the inhabitants
of Missouri were authorized to form a State gov-
ernment, and slavery prohibited in all that part
of the Territory north of 36© 30' north latitude.-
11. On the 10th of March, 1822, a territorial
government was established for Florida, con-
taining provisions making it unlawful " to import
or bring into the said Territory, from any place,
without the limits of the United States," any
slave or slaves. These three acts were signed by
Mr. Monroe.
12. On the 20th of April, 1836, an act was
passed establishing the territorial government of
Wisconsin, reaffirming the ordinance of 1787.
This act was signed by General Jackson.
13. On the 12th of June, 1838, a territorial
government for Iowa was established, extending
the laws of the United States over the same, ana
signed by Mr. Van Buren.
14. On the 3d of March, 1848, an act. was
passed establishing the territorial government
of Oregon, with the proviso forever prohibiting
slavery in the same This act was signed by
Mr. Polk.
Here is an almost uninterrupted series of le-
gislative acts, commencing with the first Congress,
and running through the long period of more
than half a century, containing the official sanc-
tion of Washington, Adams, Jefferson,Madison,
Monroe, Jackson, Van Buren, and Polk, direct-
ly recognizing the constitutional right of Con-
gress to prohibit slavery in the Territories of the
United States.
Thus the legislation of the General Government
for more than half a century furnishes a prece-
dent, in strict conformity with the platform of the
Republican party, on the right of Congress to ■
interdict slavery in the national domain. If, then,
the Republican party are to be denounced as sec-
tional on account of entertaining and defending
these time-honored doctrines, then the revolution-,
ary heroes were Sectional—the signers of the
Declaration of Independence were sectional—that
immortal instrument was itself sectional, the
framers of the Constitution were sectional, and so
is the Constitution itself. Every President of the
United States, from Washington to Polk, were
sectional; and nearly all legislation of Congress,
in the formation of Territories for over fifty years,
has been of the same sectional character.
_ Mr. Chairman, 1 now desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee and the country to another
leading idea in the Republican platform, to wit:
The substantial restoration of the Missouri com-
promise. I have now no time to go into a histori-
cal detail of the circumstances that originally led
to the adoption of this act of Congress in 1820;
neither is it necessary; for the facts connected,
with the admission of Missouri into the Union
are now pretty well understood. It is sufficient
for my present purpose to remark that, after one
of the moststormy periods of excitement through
which this country ever passed, it was solemmy
agreed that Missouri should be admitted into the
Union with a constitution allowing slavery; and
that all territory which had been acquired by
purchase from France, north of 36° 30', should
be forever free. The parties to this arrangement
were the free States oa the one side, and the-
slave States on the other. The prohibition north
of 36° 30* was both absolute and perpetual. I now
propose to give some reasons why this contract
should be restored in substance, if not in form.
1. Because the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise was a breach of good faith. Each section
of the Union/had become a party to this contract.
It became a matter of national honor. The North
and the South had both agreed to it. Each party
