1820.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1207
Senator from New York did not distinctly under-
stand from the British Minister, that he made no
profession that 1 had ever admitted the British
title to RoattV.; and, on the contrary, whether he
did not expressly admit that I had always denied
the British title to that island?
Mr. FISH. Mr. President, I regret to be
called upon as a witness in this stage of this ques-
tion. I can scarcely persuade myself that there
is not some mistake in the copy of the letter
which the honorable Senator from Delaware read
this morning-, purporting to have been written by
Mr. Crampton to his Government. I am rather
confirmed in this impression, from the appearance
of the letter as published in the papers. On look-
ing at it, I find that there are asterisks and italics,
which appear to me hardly consistent with the
supposition that it is an accurate copy of an
official diplomatic dispatch.
Under the conviction that there must be some
mistake with regard to this alleged letter, I should
prefer, sir, to have remained silent for the pres-
ent; but the call upon me, made by my honor-
able friend, will not allow me to consult my own
inclination.
Some time in the winter—probably in Feb-
ruary—while the Senator from Delaware was ill,
I called to see him. I found him suffering, and,
as I thought, very much excited by a speech of
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,]
then recently made, and particularly that part
of it wherein the Senator from Massachusetts
referred to the British title to Roatan, and the
supposed admission, on the part of the Senator
from Delaware, when Secretary of Suite, of that
title, or the delivery to him of a lettei from Sir
Ilemy Bulwer, asserting the title, which letter
remained uncontradicted. We conversed freely,
and very fullv, upon llie subject; and the con-
clusion was that I called, at Ins request, on Mr.
Crampton to ascertain the purport, and, if pos-
sible, to obtain a copy of a letter which I think was
from Mr. Woodson, superintendent of the Belize,
which the Senator from Delaware stated had been
shown to him by Mr. Crampton, the contents
and purpoit of which were stated to me by the
Senator, according to his recollection thereof.
Mr. Crampton was very frank and courteous,
as he always is. He stated that there was such
a letter, and that he had shown it or stated its
contents to the Senator. He could not conveni-
ently lay his hand on it, but he represented the
purport of it the same as the Senator from Del-
aware had stated to me. There had been a dis-
cussion during a preceding session of Congress,
in which the. Senator from Michigan [Mi. Cass]
ond, I think, the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Douglas] took part. This got into the papers
there. Referring to this, Mr. Woodson slated in
this letter that there was a great misapprehension
on the part of both Governments and m the Sen-
ate with regard to the true claim of Roatan. lie
said that the British title to Roatan was not that
of a dependency of the Belize, but that their title,
such as it might be, rested on a different founda-
tion. That it was a dependency of the Belize so
far as the necessities of certain settlers who were
there, and who found themselves without any gov-
ernment, had made it necessary for them to apply
to the Belize (the nearest British possession) for
protection. The Governor of Belize promised
to send them, and had sent them, or had commis-
sioned a magistrate to keep the peace among
them on their stipulating to pay the expenses.
That the connection of Roatan with the Belize
was one of convenience for municipal or police
regulation, established by the colonial authorities,
and not by the parent Government, resulting
from the necessity's to which I have referred, and
not arising from the relation of a dependency or
frfom identity of title.
* This, I understood from Mr. Crampton, was
the purport of the letter. The Senator from
Delaware was desirous to see it. Upon my sug-
gestion to Mr. Crampton that he should call upon
the Senator from Delaware, and take the letter
or communrcdte with him in regaid to it, he
promised to do so. I saw the Senator from Dela-
ware again the same day, and told him what
had passed between Mr. Crampton and myself.
Within a day or two thereafter, the interview
between Mr. Crampton and the Senator from
Delaware, to which reference has been made,
took place. On the same^day that it occurred. I
again saw Mr. Crampton, who told me that he
had seen the Senator from Delaware, and had
had a very pleasant conversation with him, and
explained everything, as he believed, to his entire
satisfaction.
In the course of these two interviews Mr.
Crampton undoubtedly stated that lie understood
perfectly well that the" former Secretary of State
(the Senator Jrom Delaware) always denied the
British title to Roatan—that he never understood
him, as the Senator from Massachusetts was
reported to have represented him, as having
admitted it cither by assent or by implication.
Mr. CLAYTON. That is the point.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator is per-
fectly confirmed in his statement by the dispatch
of Lord Clarendon himself, who puts the British
title to Iloatan on the basis of " spontaneous set-
tlement. " The honorable Senator from Delaware
will recollect the expression in the correspond-
ence. There is not one word in Lord Claren-
don's correspondence claiming it as a dependency
of the Belize but on this new right of " sponta-
neous settlement." This is one of the discoveries
which have been made, one afteranother, to fort-
ify the determination to hold on to the Belize and
to the whole country—treaty or no treaty. Duven
from one position they have fallen back on
another. Now, in the face of Lord Clarendon's
declaration, that they claimed Roatan on the
ground of spontaneous settlement, it is claimed
as a dependency of the Bohze. Spontaneous set-
tlement is a new foundation of British title. It is
one which will carry us a great way.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Ch'rk, announced that
they had passed a bill (H. R. No. 322) granting
public lands, m alternate sections, to the States
of Florida and Alabama, to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads m said States.
LANDS FOR RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. Crittenden to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (H. It. No. 56) making a
grant of land to the State of Iowa, to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said State,
was passed. The debate which occurred on this
question yesterday was postponed for reasons
which were then stated. It was as follows:
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I have had some con-
versation with my distinguished friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Cuittem;^',] with my friend
fiom Ohio, [Mr. Pucij,] and with other gentle-
men, who have satisfied me that I made use of
expressions yesterday, m relation to Mr. Schcnck,
which were unbecoming the Senate, and which I
ought not to have made. 1 regret that I used them.
My relations with Mr. Schenck have been of a
pleasant character heretofore. We have never had
the least disagreement outside of the Senate; but
I felt that the rights of my State were infringed
upon by outside inlluencfc, and I feel so now. If
the dearest friend whom I have in Iowa were to
come here, and say to me that he wanted me to
include any other road m this bill than the roads
which are now in it, I would reject the propo-
sition, and tell him to attend tohis own business;
that I am the representative of the people of Iowa,
and am held responsible by them for what I
do. I would not listen to his proposition, or any
other.
I regret the heat which I exhibited yesterday.
It was the consequence of an excitement which
had been upon me for four days, which prevented
me every night fiom sleeping, and which com-
pelled me to resort to morphine to settle my nerves.
I believe that, previous to yesterday morning, I
had taken almost enough morphine to have killed
a man under ordinary circumstances. Regretting
the remarks which I made, I hope my friends
from Ohio and Kentucky will be satisfied with
the explanation which I have made, and especi-
ally as I directed the reporters of the Senate
to omit from publication the severe animadver-
sions which I had made against their friend Mr.
Schenck.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am very glnd
that my friend from lowahas not only put himself
right, out has put right a gentleman who [under-
stand is a very honorable man—Mr. Schenck;
and it mu&t be very gratifying to the Senate.
That my friend from Iowa should have exhibited
some warmth of feeling is not at all strange or
unnatural. I think I should have been betrayed
under similar circumstances into a like excess of
heat; and I think my distinguished friend from
Kentucky, with all his equanimity, would have
manifested something of the same feeling under
similar circumstances.
What is the question before us,Mr. President?
It is ihe reconsideration of a bill passed in both
branches of Congress by an almost unprecedented
majority. Upon what ground is it assumed that
this reconsideration ought to take place ? The
reconsideration is based upon a memorial pre-
sented by Mr. Schenck, who is the representative
of a raihoad now being constructed in the State
of Iowa. I submit to the Senate,and particularly
to the distinguished Senator from Kentucky,
whether that is not a little extraordinary. Here
is a bill passed by the Congress of the United
States, granting alternate sections of land for
four railroads within the limits of Iowa. Why
did the Congress of the United States pass the
bill? They did it upon petitions from the Legis-
lature of Iowa, praying Congress to grant alter-
nate sections of land for this purpose, but not as &
donation. If you put it on the ground of dona-
tion, I should never have voted fora single railroad
bill. I do not regard such a grant as a donation.
I hold that the Government of the United States
receives a full equivalent for every acre of land
that it cedes to the States for the purpose of con-
structing railroads. The Legislature of Iowa,
following the example of other States, memori-
alized the Congress of the United States to grant
them alternate sections of the public land for four
roads named in the bill. Have the Legislature
of Iowa ever petitioned for a grant of land for
this railroad of Mr. Schenck? If so, it has
escapcd my observation. I do not know that
they have; I do not think that they have. Have
the citizens of Iowa come here memorializing and
praying Congress to grant alternate sections of
land to that road ? 1 am not aware that they
have.
In regard to the roads for which we have agreed
to grant land by this bill, individual citizens and
the State of Iowa have come here asking that
the grants might be made. In obedience to these
memorials, the House of Representatives took up
the question; they examined it in all its details;
and after a full investigation they came to the
conclusion that it was their duty and the interest
of the United States to grant the prayer of the
petitions. They accordingly passed a bill grant-
ing alternate sections for these four roads, and
they sent it to us. Now, sir, who is the guardian
of the rights of the country? Are not the mem-
bers of the House of Re2'>resentatives and of the
Senate, in a legislative sense, the peculiar guardians
of the rights of the country, particularly in the
administration of the funds of the Government?
The House investigated the subject, passed this
bill, and sent it to us. After an investigation—
after debate, it was taken up and passed by an
overwhelming majority of this body. Thereupon
Mr. Schcnck comes in and enteis his protest
against the solemn legislation of the Congress of
the United States, enacted in accordance with the
expressed will of the people to be affected by it.
I shall not speak unkindly; I shall not say that
this is immodest; but I must be allowed to say that
it does not comport very well with my impressions
of the nicest sense of delicacy. That, however, is
a matter of taste. That the Senators from Iowa
should have felt some indignation is very natural.
Here is a man, not a resident of the State of Iowa,
having no interest in it as a citizen, who comes
to us remonstrating against the express will of
the Legislature of the State, and against the con-
current testimony of the Representatives and Sen-
ators of that State, and against the voice of the
Congress of the United States.
My objection to the motion to reconsider is
predicated in part upon the fact to which I have
alluded. Now I wish to present a case for the
consideration of my friend from Kentucky. Let
me suppose that Kentucky, through her Legisla-
ture and the petitions of her citizens, (presuming
that there were public lands in that State,) had
asked the Congress of the United States lor a
grant af alternate sections of land for the con-
struction of roads through that State. The Con-
gress of the United States, taking up the memo-
