THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 13,
the practical efiect of it upon the legislation of
the country, and the attendance of members in
their seats in giving the necessary consideration
to public measures. If the operation of this bill
cottld be limited to two Congresses after the pres-
ent one, I should be better satisfied with it. We
should then have the benefit of experience, and
ihe judgment of the public, to guide Congress at
,:the close of the term of its operation in deciding
whether it had been a beneficial measure or not.
tlnless it is liraiteij, it is very difficult to repeal
«uch an enactment as this will be; but I perceive
that the sense of the Senate, from indications
around me, is not favorable to any limitation,
and I will not propose any amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Georgia to the amendment of the committee, to
add to the first section:
Provided, That no Senator, Representative, or Delegate
shall receive less thau the aggregate amount of per dicrii
arid mileage now allowed by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I move to strike out the third
section. It seems to be unjustifiable. It is in
effect that a majority may compel a minority to
buy books. It provides, that whenever a reso-
lution shall pass Congress to'buy books for mem-
bers, it shall be deducted out of their pay. I
think those who do not wish to have books should
not be compelled to pay for them. I do not un-
derstand where Congress gets the right to make
a man buy books. I move to strike out that sec-
tion, and I wish to say a word in explanation of
my vote.
I shall vote against the amendment of the com-
mittee, and if the amendment be adopted I shall
vote against the bill; for although Senators here
generally may agree—and 1 distrust not their sin-
cerity—that this is a fair radtture, objections will
be made to it by others in tlrcountry, and there
will be just as much trouble from adopting the
amendment of the committee as any other prop-
osition. I am satisfied the compensation pro-
vided by it will not pay the expenses of members
of Congress in the style in which they ought to
live; but, if I am compelled to undergo abuse
from the outsiders on account of voting for it, I
want to vote for enough. I want to have the sat-
isfaction of either getting full pay, or not having
abuse.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will read the section proposed to be stricken out.
The Secretary read it, us follows:
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That if any book stall
hereafter be distributed to members of Congress by a reso-
lution of either or both Houses of CoilgrenH tlio price given
for the same shall be deducted from the compensation
herein provided by law for the said member or members :
Provided, however, That this shall not euumi to documents
ordered to be printed (luring the Congress for which the
eaid member shall have been elected.
Mr. HUNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ohio that it only proposes to deduct
them in the event of the books being distributed
and actually given. If he thinks that is not
specific enough, let him add, " and be taken by
members."
Mr. PUGH. I am apposed to the whole affair.
The Senator can have that amendment made, if
he chooses.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend the section
before the question is taken on striking it out, by
inserting after "distributed to, "the words, " and
received by."
The amendment was agreed to.
Ihe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on striking out the section as amended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to call attention
to the third section. The eflectis very manifest.
There are in the Senate some half a dozen new
members, pethaps more—I do not know how
many. They have received no books whatever.
The usual practice of Congress has been to fur-
nish the new members with books. Some are
very necessary to them; and if this section be
adopted, it will only operate upon the new mem-
W^° ^aTe come 'nt0 Congress. I believe in
the other House they have passed a resolution
"ew members with certain books.
, ere as no doubt, great abuse on that
subject; but there are some books which it is
absolutely necessaruifew members should have;
and if they be not furnished, they have to pur-
chase them themselves, if tliey can be purchased,
but some of them are not in market, and cannot
be purchased; nobody but the Government has
them. Some of them relate to the history of the
country, and the congressional debates. It is
very difficult to get them. I have been unable
myself to purchase some volumes of the Con-
gressional Globe; and unless they are distributed
by Congress, they cannot be obtained at all by
the new members. The effect of this third sec-
tion, if these books shall be hereafter distributed,
will be to take the amount out of the pay of some
half dozen persons. It would not affect, I sup-
pose, more than that. I have not made a calcu-
lation, but I suppose not more than ten could be
affected by it.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator may attain his
object by adding a proviso. I was under the im-
pression it would not extend to this session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It says " hereafter."
Mr. HUNTER. You can add a proviso that
it shall not apply to this session of Congress.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall certainly not make
any motion to furnish new members with books.
Older members of the Senate may, i^they think
proper, offer their propositions. I wish to call
attention to the fact, that the effect of the section
is to charge to the.new members, who have come
in the Senate, any books which they may be
voted.
Mr. HALE. It does not apply to this ssssion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, it does.
Mr. BROWN. I will move a proviso that it
shall not apply to members of the present Con-
gress.
. Mr. HALE. It d oes not apply to the present
session. If you look at it you find that the bill
does not take effect until after the close of the
present session.
Mr. BROWN. But if there is any doubt about
it, put all on an equality.
Mr. HALE. There is no doubt; it does not
affect the present session.
Mr. COLLAMER. We have not passed any
resolution at the present session giving new mem-
bers any books.
Mr. BROWN. Wc will do it.
Mr. OOLLLAMER. I do not know that.
Mr. STUART. This difficulty can be relieved
by an amendment to this section in this way:
Provided, This section shall not apply to members of the
present Congress.
I move that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Ohio accept the modification ?
Mr. i'UGH. If a resolution for books is
offered, it will be easy to put this proviso in that,
and therefore it appears to me we had better strike
outthe section. The proviso will give an oppor-
tunity to all persons to say to members of Con-
gress, you voted to give yourselves books.
Mr. STUART. 1 have a right to move to
amend this section before the question is taken
on striking it out. 1 move, as an addition to this
section, these words:
Provided, This section shall not apply to members of
the present Congress.
Mr. BAYARD. If that amendment be agreed
to, I shall necessarily have to vote against the
whole bill. I think this abuse has grown to an
enormous extent. Gentlemen talk about book?
being necessary. Why, sir, they are not taken.
A great change of members takes place, espe-
cially in the other House, to the extent of nearly
half the members every second session, and a
great change also takes place in this body. The
result is an expense of $1,500 for each member
of Congress for books which are not taken. I
have no objection to furnishing books that are
necessary; but the original scheme was a bad one
m itself. There was no necessity for furnishing
members of Congress with these books. Why
not establish a documentary library room for each
House of Congress ? That is all you want. That
is what is capable of being done by legislation.
That is what the members want. Place in that
library half a dozen sets of every document
which is printed. Provide a librarian to take
charge of it, distinct from the law library, and
the congressional library. That is all that would
be advisable for purposes of legislation. But
here your members are changing very often, and
you provide them books that are never used.
They never become practically useful, because of
the short time they are in Congress; there is
only a casual reference to them now and then.
If you provide a documentary library, members
will have access to books for all requisite pur-
poses of legislation. The abuse has become alarm-
ing, m my judgment. I am not opposed to high
compensation, but I am opposed, as I stated the
other day, to public plunder under any cover
whatever. I do not object to a joint resolution
of the two Houses furnishing members of the
existing Congress—a custom which has existed
heretofore—to the extent to which the books are
in print, provided the custom is stopped hereaf-
ter. It ought to be stopped; but if this practice
is to go on hereafter, under the operation of this
bill, 1 will vote against the bill, though I think it
ought otherwise to pass.
Mr. WADE. This subject seems to lead to an
endless debate; and in order to test the question,
1 move to lay the bill and amendments on the
table.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 7, nays 39, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Dodge, Fessenden, Harlan, Pugh, Sew-
ard, Thompson ofKentueky, and Wade—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire,
Benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Butler,
Cass, Clay, Collamei, Durkee, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer,
Hale, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, James, Jones of Iowa,
Maliory, Mason, Pearce, Piatt, Reid, Sebastian, Slidell,
Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull,
Weller, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—39.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT;?™ tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan to the third section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The question
now is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to
strike out the third section as amended.
Mr. PUGH. As the Senate has adopted the
other amendment, I have no idea that my motion
will prevail, although I should prefer it. I with-
draw the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempoi'e, The question
now is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] to strike out all of
the amendment recommended by the Committee
on Finance after the word " that," and insert:
After the present session of Congiess the members of
Ihe Senate and House of Representatives siiall receive, for
their attendance at the sessions of Congress, twenty-five per
centum in addition to what they by law are entitled to
receive for attendance.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have some amendments
to offer to the bill of the committee, but I presume
they can be offered if this amendment should be
adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill can
be perfected before the question is taken on the
substitute.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have several amend-
ments to offer. I move to strike out of the bill
everything which changes the present system for
the payment of mileage. I know no reason for
any change in that. No satisfactory reason, it
appears to me, has been suggested; and the
amount of the bill is merely this: to increase the
pay and mileage of members who live near the
seat of Government, and leave those who live at
a distance unaffected. If there is to be any sys-
tem adopted on this subject, it seems to me it
ought to be a general one. The increase of the
pay of members of Congress, for attendance,
brings the comparative remuneration of the mem-
bers from different sections of the Confederacy
nearer to an equality; but the proposition to
increase the pay for attendance, and diminish the
pay for mileage, in point of fact is equivalent to
passing a law to increase the pay of those who
live close by, and diminish the pay of those who
live at a distance from, the seat of Government.
From the time this system of mileage has been
established, it has ever been considered as an
indemnity—and, under all the circumstances, a
totally inadequate one—for the privationsimposed
on those who live at a distance from the seat of
Government. I see no reason for changing it.
It seems to me entirely invidious. I hope that
the mileage will be left as it now is, and that we
shall mei*ely pass the proposition to increase the
pay for attendance.
Mr. BAYARD. I differ from the honorable
