THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
.correspondence exhibits the facts that Kincannon
was'the agent of the Government; that he re-
ceived the money in December, 1839;and that no
objection was made to its reception until March,
1843. Then, for the first time, the Secretary of
War notified the agentthat the currency in which
the payment was made had depreciated, and that
the Government would not receive it. The com-
mittee think the last payment was improperly
demanded.
Mr- BROWN. I hope this bill will be passed.
The Government is in possession of ^650—the
money of this gentleman—to which it has no
clairft whatever. This bill is to provide authority
for paying it back to him.
Mr. SUMNER. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi why this is not a matter
for the consideration of the Court of Claims?
Mr. BROWN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs thought that it was not proper to compel
a man to incur the expense of litigating a claim
in the court, when the Government itself admits
that it has received his money wrongfully, but
cannot pay it back simply on account of the want
of an appropriation. The committee were unan-
imously of the opinion that it was better to pass
a bill making, the appropriation.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ANSON "DART.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 60) for the
relief of Anson Dart.
The original bill, as introduced by Mr. Dodge,
proposed to direct the proper accounting officers
to account with and allow to Anson Dart, late
superintendent of Indian affairs in Oregon Terri-
tory, for the time he served as such, the same
compensation which was allowed by the act of
March 3, 1852, to the superintendent of Indian
affairs in California, deducting therefrom the com-
pensation heretofore received by him as superin-
tendent of Indian affairs for Oregon Territory.
The bill was reported from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, with an amendment to strike out
" the same compensation as is allowed by the act
of March 3, 1852, to the superintendent of Indian
affairs in California," and insert, "$3,500 per
annum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE. The object of this hill is to
make compensation to Mr. Dart for his services
as superintendent of Indian affairs in Oregon. It
was reported from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs by the chairman, [Mr. Sebastian;] but as
he is too much indisposed to address the Senate
on the subject, and inasmuch as I introduced the
bill, I feel it to be my duty to say a few words.
When this gentleman wont to Oregon his salary
was $2,500. It was understood then, however,
that u was to be increased, There was an under-
standing between the chairman of the Committee
on Indian Affairs at that tune, [Mr. Atchison,]
and Mr. Dart, that the salary should be increased
if possible. By some omission, however, it was
not done. Mr. Dart was a faithful officer, and
perfect quiet reigned among the Indians during
the time when he was superintendent. It seems
to me to be nothing more than an act of justice
to allow him the same compensation which was
fiven to the Indian superintendent m California;
ut I shall acquiesce in the proposition of the com-
mittee to allow a less amount. I trust no objec-
tion will be made to the bill. Ithas been reported
unanimously from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. RUSK. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs were unanimous upon this subject. I know
that it is a bad practice to give increased compen-
sation to an officer after his services have bpon
performed; but it has been done in several in-
stances, and in some cases which perhaps were
not meritorious. There is no doubt that this is a
meritorious case. It was distinctly stated to Mr.
Dart, at the time of his appointment by the then
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs, that
a bill which was then pending for an increase of
the salary of the California superintendent should
be made to include the superintendent in Oregon.
That provision, according to my recollection, had
the sanction of the Indian bureau; but by some
oversight it was not included in the bill. Mr.
Dart went to Oregon and performed his duties in
a very satisfactory manner. He preserved peace
among the Indians in Ofegon, and brought back
as good a report as perhaps any other superin-
tendent. Tnisbill,as it now stands, does not
allow this gentleman the same compensation
which has been accorded to the California super-
intendent, but simply adds $1,000 a year to his
salary. I think it ought to be passed at once.
Mr. HUNTER. This may be a case for an
exception to the general rule; but it seems to me
to be a very dangerous precedent to establish the
principle, that whenever we increase the pay of
an officer for the future, we must go back and
compensate him at the same rateforpastservicus.
.This man accepted the office knowing what the
pay was. He was willing to take it with the
existing pay, or he would not have accepted it.
! Nor do I think that we have assimilated the pay
of officers in Oregon with that of officers in Cal-
ifornia. It has been heretofore considered more
expensive to live in California than anywhere else,
and therefore we have compensated public officers
there by a higher rate than in other places. I do
not dispute the merits of this Indian agent; but I
think the principle of the bill is a very bad one,
I and I am afraid that we shall not end until we
I establish it as a general rule, that when we in-
j crease an officer's salary we must allow him
j back pay.
[ Mr. DODGE. In reply to the honorable Sen-
j ator from Viiginia, I beg leave to say that Mr.
i Dart was the first superintendent of Indian af-
! fairs sent to Oregon, and he had, therefore, very
I great difficulties to encounter in the performance
I of his duties. That he was faithful is proved by
the sanction of the Commissioner oflndian Affairs
of his conduct in the discharge of his duties. Mr.
Dart was appointed by the last Administration.
He and I do not agree in politics;but that differ-
ence does not prevent me bearing testimony to
his faithfulness and efficiency in the discharge of
his public duties. As I have stated, he was the
first Indian superintendent in Oregon; and for
that reason he had to perforin all the labors in-
cident to the organization of the Indian system
there. He was a poor man, and during his two
or three years' service in Oregon he received no
more than was barely sufficient to cover his ex-
penses. I am sure this honorable body will not
refuse to this meritorious man some compensa-
tion which a proper appreciation of his services
necessarily requires. He stood high with the
Administration of President Fillmore. I have
known him for eighteen years as a resident of
the State which I have the honor in part to rep-
resent, and I have always considered him to be
an honest, faithful, and upright man, competent
for the performance of any duty which he ever
undertook.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from "Virginia is
mistaken as to this bill. As it now stands it does
not allow to this gentleman the compensation
which has been received by the superintendent
of Indian affairs in California. This officer re-
ceived a salary of $2,500. The salary of the su-
ponntendentin California was £4,500. The pres-
ent bill proposes to allow #3,500 for the services
of this gentleman.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to one other fact, in con-
firmation of what has been said by the Senator
from Wisconsin and the Senator from Texas.
The committee took into consideration the prin-
ciple stated by the Senator from Virginia, that
increased compensation should not be allowed for
services previously performed; but thoy thought
this case was fairly exempt from the operation
of that principle. We all admit that it is bad
policy to make extra compensation to officers
after their duties have been discharged, and they
are out of office. In this case, however, it seemed
to the committee that there was very strong evi-
dence—evidence which it was scarcely possible
to resist—that this gentleman accepted the office
with the expectation,and withapositive promise,
that his compensation should be increased at that
session of Congress; and that it was not increased
in consequence of an accident.
I understand further, as stated hy the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, that during the three
years while this gentleman was at the head of
! the Oregon superintendency, he preserved peace
i in a large extent of country now comprising the
Territories of Oregon and Washington. I do not
believe there was a single Indian disturbance in
that region while he was in office. My opinion
has always been in that it depended to a great
extent on the officers of the Government whether
or not we had Indian wars, particularly in a
country where the Indians 'are so small and are
so much broken up as they are in this region. I
may, however, be mistaken in that. I do not
wish to cast censure on any one; but I think this
gentleman is entitled to some distinction for his
services. In addition to the increased compen-
sation which it is proposed to allow him, I should
be willing, if it were possible, to confer on him
some testimonial. When other officers who
come here asking for increased compensation
shall he able to show that they performed as
arduous duties as this gentleman did, when ho
encountered all the difficulties and privations of
a new country, at great personal expense, I
should be willing to provide for their cases as
coming within the same category.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, was concurred in. The bill as amended
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
JACOB DODSON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. IN'o. 79) for tho
relief of Jacob Dodson, which was reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs. It proposes
to direct the proper accounting; officers of the
Government to allow to Jacob Dodson, a colored
• man, who, on the 7th of July, 1846, at the Amer-
j ican Forks, in California, Volunteered as a private
( for " during the war" in Captain Richard Owen's
i company of the California battalion, and who
! was discharged on the 14th of April, 1847, at Los
| Angeles, m California, all the pay and allowances
.i to which he would be entitled under the existing
! laws, in the same manner as if he had been legally
! enlisted in, and honorably discharged from, the
| service of the United States, deducting the sum
| of #281, paid tu him by Colonel J. C. Fremont
!j for his services as a member of the exploring
j| expedition within this period.
fj Mr. WELLER. This biii was passed by the
I Senate at the last session of Congress, but was
| not acted on in the Hou«*e of Representatives. It
[ is for the relief of a colored man in the employ
j of the Senate, whom Senators may recollect. He
1 enlisted as a private in Captain Owen's company,
and served with him during the whole of Colonel
Fremont's campaign in California; but in conse-
quence of his being a colored man he could not
be legally mustered. AH that we propose m this
bill is to give him what he would have received
if he had been of a different color—in other words,
if he had been a white man.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BANK OF MISSOURI.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
next considered the bill, (S. No. 63,) which was
introduced by Mr. Geyer, and reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs, to authorize
and direct the settlement of the account of the
Bank of the State of Missouri for money ad-
vanced for the subsistence and transportation
of volunteers. It proposes to direct the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
to audit the account of the Bank of the State of
Missouri against, the United States, for moneys
advanced in the year 1846 for subsistence and
transportation of certain companies of volunteers,
which, by order of General E P. Gaines, assem-
bled at St. Louis, Missouri, in the months of May
and June of that year, with the view of being
mustered into the service of the United States, in
the same manner as if those companies had been
regularly received into the service, and to pay the
balance which may be found to be due to the bank,
with interest, with a proviso that the amount to be
paid shall not exceed the sum of six hundred and
sixty-three dollars and seventy-eight cents, with
interest from the 1st of June, 1846, and that the
account be sustained by such vouchers as are
required in similar cases.
The report states, that during the late war with
Mexico, m May and June, 1846, under a requisi-
i tion of General Gaines upon the Governor of
