1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
Missouri, thirteen companiesof volunteers assem-
bled at St. Louis, to be mustered into the service
of the United States. After the arrival of these
companies at St. Louis, it was determined to send
only six of them to Mexico, and to disband the
other seven companies; which, being done, the
Bank of Missouri, at the request of the Governor
of the State, and in good faith, paid the seven dis-
banded companies their transportation to theplace
of rendezvous and their subsistence until dis-
charged; and the bank's claim for reimbursement,
having been refused by the Treasury Department,
is now brought before Congress. It has been the
settled practice of Congress to repay States for
advances made under similar circumstances, and
the committee cannotseeanygoodreasonforpur-
suing a different course of policy in the present
instance.
These companies were regularly enlisted by the
proper recruiting officers, and the accident of their
not being received into the service should not tend
to their prejudice or injury. It is admitted that
the companies were regularly enrolled; that they
assembled at St. Louis; that they were paid for the
period of time between their enlistment and their
discharge, and that they obtained their bounty
lands for this service, under the decision of At-
torney General Crittenden.
In view of all the circumstances of the case,
the committee decide that the amount advanced
by the Bank of Missouri, with interest thereupon,
should be repaid to the bank, particularly as die
money was advanced at the request of the Gov-
ernor of the State, with the assurance that it
should be promptly reimbursed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CALIFORNIA CLAIMS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution (S. R.
No. 3) authorizing and directing the Secretary
of Wai to furnish, in certain cases, verified copies
of original papers, filed before the board for the
examination of claims contracted in California
under Lieutenant Colonel Fremont. It confcrs
authority on the Secretary of War to famish to
the claimants, or their agents, verified copies of
the original papers which have been filed as evi-
dence of claims contracted in California under
Lieutenant Colonel Fremont with the board ap-
pointed, agreeably to the requirements of the
sixth section of the act of Congress making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1853, appioved August 31,
1853, together with the opinions, m full, of the
board m cases whore their opinions have been
recorded.
Mr. WELLER. It will be recollected, Mr.
President, that the board which was originally
organized to adjust the claims growing out of the
operations of Colonel Fremont in California, was
discontinued at the last session of Congress; but
no disposition was made of the papers in those
cases. The claims which had been filed before
the hoard were all turned over to the War De-
partment. The parties now desire to get certified
copies of the papers relating to their claims, in
order to prosecute them before the Court of
Claims. The object of this joint resolution is
simply to authorize the Secretary of War to fur-
nish verified copies of the papers, in order that
they may be presented to the Court of Claims.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SENATE BILLS BECOME LAWS. !
A message was received from the President of j
the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Secre- i
tary, announcing that lie had approved and signed '
tlie following bills of the Senate: ° !
An act to lelieve the Commissioner of Pen- '
sions from the performance of certain clerical j
duties; and I
An act to authorize the issuing of a register to |
the bark Monmouth. J
INDIAN DISTURBANCES ON TIIE PACIFIC, j
A message in writing was also received from jj
the President of the United States, which was J |
laid before the Senate, in answer to a resolution !'
of the 11th instant, transmitting documents from ;
the War and Navy Departments, not heretofore ■
communicated, in reference to Indian disturbances
in the State of California and in the Territories
of Washington and Oregon.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the message
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senate does not ap-
pear to be engagedin anything of special interest;
and as it is necessary that some executive busi-
ness should be considered and disposed of, I
move that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The-motion was agreed to; and, after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for
the relief of the purchasers of swamp lands from
the States in which the same are situated; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
CHARGES AGAINST NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy communicate
to the Semite all the eoirespondence to and from Captain
Charles Boarman, recently commanding the navy yard at
■New York, touching the inspection of the steam 1 agate San
Jacinto, at New York, on her late return from the West
Indies, via Key West; and any communication the De-
partment may have made to Commodore McCauley or
Captain Stribhng, of the Navy, (who commanded on board
that ship.) on the same subject.
I ask for the immediate consideration of the
resolution. It calls for information which I desire
to obtain before the further discussion of the ac-
tion of the late naval board.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to. ;
Mr. HOUSTON. I also offer the following
I resolution, and ask for its immediate considera-
j tion: i
. Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he requested i
; to furnish, as soon a* piacticable, to the Senate all leports, 1
complaint^, allegations, ehaiffe^, and specifications of I
charge* piefened against Coinmodoie G.J. Pemleigra^t,
c-peeially if any made by Lieutenant William May, when
said Pemlei«iast was 111 command ot the United States
steamship Saranae, on the Home station; and to inform the
Senate what action was had thereon by the Department,
and if no action was had, the reason therefor.
And that the Secretary of the Navy be further icques-ted
to inform the Senate of all complaints, charges, allegations,
repoits, and specifications of charges made against said
G. J. Pcndeigrost.S. F. Du Pont, John S. Misroom, Sylva-
niis Godon, and others, when serving as lieutenants when
on board the United States ship Ohio, under the command
of Commodore Jsaac Hull, in or about the years 1838,1839,
1810, and 1841. And further, the Secretaiy of the Navy is
requested to inform the Senate whether these and other
chaigcs, reports, and allegations, with the correspondence
of the Navy Department thereon, against haul i'cndeigravt
and the aiores-aid officer*, were investigated by the naval
retiring board assembled in June and July la^t, under an act
of Congiess approved Februaiy 28, 1805.
Mr. MALLORY. Let the resolution lie over.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, Februanj 21, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean*.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
In pursuance of the order of the House adopted
yesterday, Mr. Vail was appointed an additional
member of the Committee on Enrolled Bills.
TIIE CHAPLAINCY.
The SPEAKER. It has been ascertained, sincc
the adjournment, that an error was committed in
taking the vote on the question of the indefinite
postponement of the further execution of the order
of the House, that it piocecd to the election of a
Chaplain. The vote was declared—631 n the affirm-
ative, and 57 in the negative. It should have been
declared—57 in the affirmative, and 58 in the nega-
tive; no quorum voting. The Chair is informed
that the Journal has been made to correspond with
the fact; and the question, therefore, now recurs
on the motion to postpone indefinitely the further
execution of the order of the House', that it pro-
ceed to the election of a Chaplain. 1,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As no quorum I
voted last evening previous 10 adjournment, the jj
vote then taken falls, and the question comes up \\
again on the motion io postpone. ||
The SPEAKER. So the Chair has stated. On
the motion to postpone indefinitely the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to in-
troduce a bill of which I have given previous
notice, in order that it may receive an appro-
priate reference.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. If it be in order, I submit
a motion, that the motion to postpone indefinitely
be laid upon the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. That will carry the whole
subject to the table.
'The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion is not strictly in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. If it would carry the whole
subject to the table, I would not submit the
motion.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE OP A MEMORIAL.
Mr. GROW. I am directed by the Committee
on Territories to report back a memorial of the
Legislature of New Mexico, asking an appro-
priation for bridges over the Rio Grande, which
was inappropriately referred to that committee;
and to move that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
The memorial was referred as proposed.
PROPOSITION FOR RECEPTION OF BILLS.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to make, this morning, the same proposition, but
more specifically, that I submitted, and which
was adopted on yesterday. It will be recollected
that by general consent I then proposed that
half an hour be devoted to the reception of bills
of which previous notice had been given, and
which would give rise to no debate. I submit the
same proposition now, with this explanation: My
motion, it adopted, is in its execution to embrace
only those bills to which there are no objections,
and of which previous notice has been given. If, on
the statement of the title of a bill, any one member
objects, the bill is to be considered as not having
been presented, or at least as not having been in-
troduced. If this be done, and the order executed
m good faith, there will be introduced many bills,
reference given to them, and work supplied to the
committees. I do not think there can be any mis-
understanding in regard to the matter. -A single
objection is to prevent the introduction of a bill.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object to the proposition,
and for the reason slated yesterday. The propo-
sition was then made and agreed to; it was so
plain that none of us feared misunderstanding;
but there was misunderstanding. I am con-
strained, under the circumstances, to interpose
my objection.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I think the understand-
ing which I suggest is sufficiently explicit. 1
also propose, which is only fair, that the call shall
commence where it left off on yesterday. Bills are
to be introduced for reference, and reference only.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
proposition. It is, that one half hour be set apart
for the reception of bills, for reference only, of
which previous notice has been given, and which
will give rise to no debate; and that a single ob-
jection precludes introduction. Docs the Chair
correctly state the question?
Mr. LETCHER. As I understood the Chair
yesterday, he decided that when a gentleman was
upon the floor for the purpose of introducing a
bill, no other gentleman could get it to make ob-
jection, and that by calling for the previous ques-
tion the reference might be secured. I desire to
know whether I am in error in the statement.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair
was to tins effect; A bill having been introduced
under the order, and read a first and seeondtime,
and the question being on the reference, the gen-
tleman who introduced it had the right to call for
the previous question. The decision was based
upon what the Chair understood to be the uni-
form practice of the House in the analogous case
of resolutions.
Mr. LETCHER. If the proposition is to be
agreed to, I desire, for myself, as well as for
others on this side of the House, the privilege of
objecting to bills when they are announced at the
Clerk's table I do not wish to be cut oft" because
a particular member happens to be upon the floor,
and has the right to movf the previous question,
and thereby i xelude all others.
