1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2088
Senator from Louisiana on this question of mile-
age; although 1 admit, unhesitatingly, that mem-
bers attending Congress from a distance ought
to receive a greater amount than those who are
nearer at hand: there is at present too great a dis-
proportion in the amounts. I admit there is a
disconnection from a man's home, especially
when the sessions are long, not equally injurious
to him who is near, as to him who is remote.
But the original system of mileage was framed
when this Union did not extend more than two
thousand five hundred miles, and the same sys-
tem has been suffered to stand when its extent
lias gone much further. If 1 had known this bill
was to come up to-day, I would have offered an
amendment which I think would be satisfactory
on the subject of mileage. At a former session
I made a calculation to show what effect the
change, which I then proposed, would make. It
was to allow forty cents a mile for the first one
thousand miles; thirty-five cents for all exceeding
one thousand, and not more than two thousand
miles, trirty cents for exceeding two thousand,
and twenty-five cents for distances exceeding
three thousand miles. 1 found that rate of mile-
age, with the salary now proposed, $2,SOU,
would diminish the pay of no member, except
those from California; that it would increase the
pay of every member, with some little variation
m the rate of increase, living within five thousand
miles, and then it would have a contrary effect.
I think that is the operation of the present bill.
It is true there may be, in the present bill, some
difficulty in construction. I do not know exactly
how to read that part of it which says that " each
Senator and Representative shall be allowed, at
an annual session of Congress, eight dollars for
every twenty miles of the estimated distance by
the most usual route from his place of residence
to the seat of Congress, at the commencement
and end of every such session, when such esti-
mated distance does not exceed one thousand two
hundred and fifty miles; and were it exceeds one
thousand two hundred and fifty miles, he shall be
allowed six dollars for every twenty miles."
I do not know what the effect of that will be on
distant members, unless the construction be that
he is entitled to his present mileage for one thou-
sand twohundied and fifty nnles, and six dollars
for every twenty miles exceeding one thousand
two hundred and fifty. That construction may be
given to it, and I am willing to read it so that it
shall be given; and then 1 am very sure it will
not even diminish the pay of the members from
California.
Now, what is the state of pay arising out of a
system of mileage adopted forty years ago ?
Why, sir, the members from California receive
$7,000 year, and the Senators from Maryland
and myself, who reside nearei, receive only jpl,500
a year. The inequality is great. There is a
measure in all things. I concede unhesitatingly
that gentlemen who reside at a distance ought to
receive more than those who reside nearer. I do
not desire to reduce them to any extent, but I
think the ratio ought to be changed in reference
to the system of mileage, so as to increase the
pay of those who reside nearer more than of
those who live remote. If this bill receives the
construction, which I think it may receive, of
allowing eight dollars for every twenty miles
under one thousand two hundred and fifty nnles,
and six dollars for twenty miles over that, I am
satisfied it will not reduce the pay of a single
member of Congress. As to its effect on those
whose pay it increases, I will state my own case,
as I am one of those who live near. It will make
my pay §,2,600 a year, and leave that of the
Senators from California §7,000 a year, f think
the difference between the two is very great; but
as it stands now, no man can come here without
a positive sacrifice in a pecuniary point of view.
If he has a fortune, of course that will enable him
to come; but if he resides at a distance, and is
enabled to get mileage and pay to the amount of
,000, it may be different, i think the bill is,
on the whole, wisely framed, and I am not dis-
posed to interfere with it; but I do not think the
present system of mileage ought to stand with
the increased*compensation, because then the
effect will be to make the pay of members of
Congress as distant as California §8,000 a year,
or over. *
Mr. SUTLER. I will make one remark, and
but one, to my friend from Delaware, who is
| generally very exact in his knowledge of things
t and correct in his conclusions. I would rather
take $2,600 living in Delaware, where I could
hear from my family every day, witii little haz-
ard of life in going: there, than I would live in
California, and go across the ocean, with all the
risks and all the privations incident to such a
separation. I say it without the least hesitation.
Mr. WELLER. I have been somewhat sur-
prised that the Senator from Delaware should
make complaint of the compensation allowed
under the present l^wto Senators and Represent-
atives of California. The Senator seems to for-
fetthat we are compelled to travel some twenty-
ve days on the ocean, with all the dangers and
hazards incident to the ocean. He forgets that
I whilst we are here we can have no connection,
| no correspondence short of a month, with our
! families. If a man has a family, as is the ca^e
! with myself, I am either compelled to be separated
j from tfiat family, or bring them with me, and
j subject them not only to the hazards of the ocean,
| butapassage through amostinhospitableclimate.
! Now, here stands the Senator from Delaware,
i He can go home in six hours. He attends to
; his professional business, and attends to the
| courts regularly.
| Mr. BAYARD. No, sir.
| Mr. WELLER. He does not allow his pub-
lic business to interfere.
! Mi*. BAYARD. T beg pardon. The statc-
! ment of the Senator is incorrect. It does inter-
i fere, and 1 do not and cannot attend to practice
j in the courts regularly. I can safely say that
j the amount I have sacrificed in my profession, is
; much more than my pay, since I have been here,
j Mr. WELLER. I only inferred that from
1 the fact that the Senator is very often absent.
Mr. BAYARD. I say my sacrificc is decid-
edly more than my pay, and I do not think any
man can come here without it.
Mr. WELLER. I am coming to the conclu-
sion of the Senator from Delaware, that this bill
i is for the benefit particularly of those who live m
1 the vicinity of the Capitol. There is not a Sena-
tor on this floor but myself, except the Senator
: from Texas, who cannot reach his home m Jive
! days. It takes the Senator from Texas twelve
i days to get to his home. It takes me fiom twemy-
i five to thirty days; so that, as I said before, a
; Senator coming from that distant coast i^ eom-
] pelied to surrender, not only his profession, but
1 all his private business, if money had been
i my object, I could make in five days, in Califor-
I nia as much as I could make here by a whole
| year's pubiic service; so that I think the Senator
: from Delaware selected a very bad point to make
• complaint about. He can go to his home if he
j chooses on Friday afternoon, and be back again
| on Monday, and resume his seat in the Senate,
| and can hear from his family every day. They
' are not subjected to the dangers of a sea voyage,
i They are not compelled to pass thlough the
tropics. If there be anything the matter with
them he can hear every day by telcgroph. Yet
he complains. I thank my friend from South
Carolina for what he said, and I have no doubt
he is sincere in it. 1 am sure, if 1 had the choice,
I would prefer taking the position of the Senator
from South Carolina, and sending him out to
1 California, so far as the country is concerned;
I but of course I prefer California, because it is a
' much superior place to live in to South Carolina.
Mr. MASON. I would submit to the Senate
i that this is a very disagreeable, though necessary
! duty in which we are engaged; and being disa-
1 greeable and being necessary, let us vote our
; opinions without any debate. [Agreed, agreed.]
i Mr. BAYARD. I will not let any Senator
! misrepresent me on this floor, though unintcn-
1 tionally, which I have no doubt the Senator from
j California did. I made no complaint of the Sen-
; ator from California. I meant nothing personal
i to anybody, but he chooses to make his remarks
! personal to me. I cannot understand the reason
i for that. So far from being personal, Istated that,
| by the clause which I offered at a previous ses-
I sion of Congress, (and I submitted it to the then
i colleague of the Senator from California, and he
i approved of it,) a difference of about $300 or
I §400 was made m the pay of the Senators from
California, and those were the only members it
I reduced. I thought, as I stated before, and I
think still, that the ratio of mileage, which "was
fixed at a time when this Union extended only
twenty-five hundred or three thousand miles at
most, is now too unequal when the Uftion has
extended much further.
Gentlemen may have their own individual
tastes; I am not speaking of whether they would
rather travel twenty-five days on the ocean, and
receive $7,000 a year, or not. I admit it breaks
up a man's business. I think he ought to be paid,
and I think $7,000 a year is a fair compensation,
come from what quarter he may. I suppose the
expense of going and returning does not exceed
$1,000. I do not speak of it m reference to the
Senators from California, or from any other par-
ticular portion of the country; but I think their
compensation is sufficient. Under the amend-
ment now proposed, you will increase the pay of
the Senators from California to over eight thou-
sand dollars a year. I think that is going too far.
That is all I said, and all I meant to say. I am
satisfied to let it stand as it is; and I think this
bill will let it stand nearly as it is, with the
construction which I said I was willing to give
it, and if the woids do not bear it, let them be
made more clear. That construction is, that for
a distance of over twelve hundred and fifty miles
they should rcccive six dollars for every twenty
miles of travel, and for twelve hundred'and fifty
miles eight dollars. I am perfectly satisfied that
would clfcct no variation of the slightest moment
in their pay.
I do not know why the Senator from California
should suppose I had any personal reference to
members fiom that State. Not at all. I was
looking to the whole thing as a general system.
I think still the disproportion, arising from the
fret that the Union has been extended so much
beyond what it was at the time when the ratio
was originally has become too gieat. I
admitted, ill the beginning, that there ought to be
a disproportion—a very considerable dispropor-
tion; but there is a limit to all tilings, and that is
the reason why 1 think the committee adopted
this rule, and I think they have adopted a reason-
able one
Mr. BENJAMIN. In my judgment, any pro-
vision regulation: the compensation of members
of Congress which touches the mileage will
defeat the bill. I am just as confident of it as I
am that I am now addressing the Senate. It never
can pass, and it never ought to pass. The prin-
ciple upon which that mileage has been allowed
is one too just and too equitable to admit of dis-
turbance when properly presented to the vote of
Congress. To my individual case, it is a matter
of very little importance; but I speak of it, know-
ing the feelings 011 that subject, and knowing the
existing inconvenience and losses to which gen-
tlemen living at a distance are subjected. Here
is my friend from Delaware. It'is always, of
course, invidinus to refer to particular examples;
but my friend is within reach 01 his courts. He
can attend all the courts. He can attend to I113
private business; and when his supreme court is
in session, he can go home and preserve his
clients, and continue in the practice of the pro-
fession, with some limitation—something less
than before; but still he preserves and controls
hispiivatc business, whilst other gentlemen are
kept far away from their families for periods of
seven, eight, and nine months.
Now, when gentlemen who live near the seat
of Government think the remuneration allowed
to them is insufficient for their support, to which
1 agree, and desire to raise it, they are not satis-
fied with raising it without at the same time
endeavoring to diminish the mileage allowed by
law to gentlemen at a distance. There is no
necessary connection between the two proposi-
tions; they are entirely independent. If gentle-
men who live near the seat of Government think
the pay of members ought to be increased, as I
think it ought to be, let it be increased; but where
is the connection between the increase of the pay
for attendance and the diminution of the mileage
of members? How these two propositions de-
pend on each other I cannot conceive. I know
no reason why this is brought into the bill at all.
It does not appear to me to be connected with the
other subject. The bill, as it stands, gives less
mileage to a man who lives sixteen hunaied miles
from the seat of Government than to one who
lives twelve hundred and fifty miles.
