1210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
These roads must all be begun, built, and com-
pleted within ten years, by the terms of your bill.
If these roads were completed now, and your
population and business doubled and quadrupled,
they would not pay the salaries of the officers of
the different roads. Is it not better, then, to make
your bonus, if you are to make one, for the con-
struction of these railroads, to one, or possibly
two roads, which will subserve every public
interest, and every material interest in the State
of Iowa, and will do a living business if they do
not pay dividends ? There are few roads in this
country paying dividends, even between the most
populous cities. The first mortgage bonds of the
great Illinois Central Railroad Company are now
selling in the market at eighty-seven cents to the
dollar. You could not sell the bonds of any one
of the four parallel roads within the breadth of
one hundred miles, in any market in this country,
or of Europe, for a song—you could not sell
them at Esau's price for his birth-right.
Mr. President, this is hardly the appropriate
time to go into a general discussion of the merits
of this bill. The simple question now involved
in the motion to reconsider is, whether we shall
have an examination of this subject by an appro-
priate committee.
The morning hour having expired, the honor-
able gentleman from Vermont yielded the floor,
and the further consideration of the subject was
postponed until to-day; and on its resumption
this morning, he concluded his speech thus:
Mr. President, when I was intenupied yes-
terday morning in the course of my remarks
upon the motion before us, by the call for the
special orders, I had been endeavoring to show
that the bill under consideration was an entire
departure in respect to all the various lines of
roads, described m it, from the instructions and
memorials of the Legislature of Iowa. I read to
you, from each of these memorials, the location
and course of direction of each one of those roads,
for the construction of which the aid of the Gen-
eral Government was prayed for by that State.
I compared with those several descriptions the
several roads ns laid down and defined in the bill
before us, and pointed out wherein consisted the
discrepancy, and showed, 1 think beyond ques-
tion, that the programme of this bill in entirely
different in almost every particular from the roads
asked for by the'Legislaiuiv of that State. J said
this in answer to the asseition made at the time
when the bill was first under consideration, that
it was in conformity to, and in piusuan^e of,
the instructions of the Legislature of that State.
That was urged, and urged forcibly, as an argu-
ment in favor of the immediate passage of the
bill without a reference.
It was also jsjkI that this bill was similar in
character, if not identical, with former bills which
had been time and again before us, considered by
our committee, and passed by this House. I will
now proceed to show the discrepancy between
the former bill—for there never has been more
than one, and that was twice before this body,
and twice passed—-and the one now under con-
sideration. X will do it as briefly as I can, for I
am well aware of the urgent impatience of the
Senate to dispose of this question, and to proceed
to the consideration of other business.
That bill was first introduced near the opening
of the first session of the last Congress—pre-
sented, I think, on the 12th of December, 1£J3.
At that time the Hon. Air. Dodjje, of Iowa, the
colleague and friend of the honoiable Senator
from tliat State, [Air. Jones,] was then a mem-
ber of this body, and chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands. Early in the session he gave
notice that he should ask leave to introduce a bill
into this body extending the aid of the General
Government towards the construction of several
railroads within that State, in pursuance of the
instructions of its Legislature. In pursuance of
that notice, the bill was introduced and referred i
to the Committee on Public Lands, and deliber- i
ately and fully considered by them. It was re- i
ported back to this body, and passed this Senate,
and was sent down to the House of Representa-
tives. I hold a copy of that bill m my hand.
Now, sir, upon examination and comparison,
it will be found that that bill, in the location and
direction, the beginning and terminate of each
of the four roads for winch it provided, was in
exact conformity with, nod in pursuance of, the
memorials, resolutions, and instructions of the
State of Iowa. I will read in their order the
descriptions of these several roads as expressed
in the bill introduced by General Dodge in Decem-
ber, 1853; and will read in connection with it the
description of the same roads (where there is any
degree of sameness between them) in the bill now
before us, and point out to the Senate the discrep-
ancies.
The first road described in the only bill ever
before us for carrying out the instructions of the
Legislature of Iowa in asking the aid of the Gen-
eral Government for the construction of roads
within the limits of that State, is defined in these
words:
" From the city of Burlington and the city of Keokuk to
some convenient point of junction northeast of the Des
Moines river, thence on the most feasible route to a point
on Uie Missouri aver, at or near the mouth of Platte river."
It will be recollected that this description is in
exact conformity with, and almost in the exact
terms of, the memorial of that Legislature, asking
the aid of the Government for the construction
of that line of road. How does it differ from
the road named in this bill?—and this road more
nearly conforms with the instructions of the Legis-
lature, and with the road defined in the original
bill introduced by General Dodge, than either the
other three roads. There is but a slight departure
in this road, as described and laid down in the
bill of 1853, and the bill now before us. The
difference is in this particular: The road in the
original bill started from two points—Burlington
and Keokuk—coming together at a common point,
neara town called Washington, some miles west,
and thence running in nearly a direct line to the
Missouri river, near the mouth of the Platte.
There is this difference between the southern
line of road, as laid down and defined in the bill
before us, and that which was laid down and de-
fined iu the other and only bill upon this subject
that has ever been before this body, in that the
piesent bill provides for no road starting from
Keokuk, as the former bill did. The next in order
is thus described in the bill which formerly passed
this dody:
" Ficun the city of Davenpoit, in Scott county, by the way
of the cilvof Mu-catmc, in Muscatine county, to Council
Blurt's on the Missouri river: Provided, That said road go
by the way of Kanesville."
There is a very material dispaiity between the
road here described and that described in the bill
now before us. The second road, as I may de-
nominate it, is described in the bill before us as
follows:
" From the city of Davcnpovt, via Iowa City and Fort
Des Moines, to Council Bluffs."
In the former bill it is from " Davenport, by
way of the city of Muscatine," running far south
of the route as hud down and defined in the
former bill, and as prayed for by the Legislature
of the State of Iowa. I will point out the differ-
ence by the map shortly.
The third road, described in the former bill to
carry out the objects and prayer of the Legisla-
ture, is thus described:
'* From Dubuque, on the Mississippi uver, to a point on
the Missouu, at or near Kanc->villc, in the county of Pota-
wotamie, by way of Fort Des Moines."
We understand from the Senators from Iowa
that Kanesville and Council Bluffs are one and
the-same place. Bear in mind, sir, that the road
for which the State of Iowa asked the aid of the
Government in its construction leaves Dubuque
running in a southwesterly direction, by Fort
Des Moines, to Council Bluffs. The correspond-
ing road, in the bill before us, leaves the city of
Dubuque, and, instead of running in this direc-
tion, as defined in the former bill, and in accord-
ance with the instructions of the Legislature,
swings up towards the north, and strikes the
Missouri river some one hundred and fifty miles
from the western terminus as defined and laid
down in the former bill, and as asked for by the
Legislature of Iowa. This road as laid down in
tiie present bill leaves the old track and direc-
tion as laid down in the former bill; and yet the
honorable Senator from. Iuwa [Mr. Jones] ven-
tured to tell the Senate, when this bill was urged j
to its passage, that they were identical. It was j
an inadvertent or inconsiderate statement on his j
part, no doubt. I
The fourth road for which the aid of the Gov-
emment has been asked, and which was provided I
for in the former bill, passed by this body and
sent to the House of Representatives, is thus de-
scribed:
" From McGregor's Landing, ia Clayton county, on the
Mississippi river"—
A point far* above Dubuque, and above the
entrance of the Wisconsin river into the Mis-
sissippi—
" to the Missouri, at or near the mouth of the Big Sioux
river, m Iowa."
This road, for which the aid of the Govern-
mentwas prayed, was contained in the bill which
formerly passed this body, but is entirely left out
of this bill.
The disparity, then, between the several roads
as laid down and defined in the former bill which
we passed, (and which we were assured was iden-
tical, or nearly so, with the one before us,) and
the one now under consideration, is clearly indi-
cated on the map which I hold in my hand. Their
relative position is shown by the relative position
and direction of the black lines, which corre-
spond with the lines of road described in the bill
before us, and the red lines, which correspond
with the roads described in the bill which this
House passed at both sessions of the last Con-
gress. Every Senator can see what identity there
is between that bill and the present one, which
were said at the time when this bill was passed a
few days ago, to be one and the same.
The road from Lyons to the Missouri river,
embraced in the bill before us, was never prayed
for by the Legislature of Iowa, and is not con-
tained in the bill which passed this body at
former sessions. There was a road prayed for
by the Legislature of Iowa, contained in the
former bill, which passed this body and went to the
House, starting from McGregor's Landing, north
*of the entrance of the Wisconsin river into the
Mississippi, running in a westerly direction, and
striking the Missouri at or near Sioux City.
Every part of that road which was embraced in
the former bill is left out entirely in the present
one.
A further discrepancy between the two bills is
observable in the road starting from Dubuque.
As it was asked for by the Legislature of Iowa,
and as contained in General Dodge's bill, which
we parsed, it was to run from Dubuque in a
southwesterly direction by Fort Des Moines, and
terminating at Council Bluffs. The road con-
tained in the bill before us, starting from Dubuque,
swings far north, as I have already remarked,
of the western point of termination, as indicated
in the former bill, and by the instructions of the
Legislature of Iowa, and runs to a point near
Sioux City, on the Missouri, thus making an
entire and wide departure from the former bill,
and from the instructions of the Legislature of
that State.
The disparity in reference to the road starting
from Davenport, in the former bill, and in this
one, is in this: The former bill lays down a road
starting from Davenport, running in the direction
of Muscatine—in a southwesterly direction—and
then on a straight line to Council Bluffs, run-
ning very nearly on the line of the present Cen-
tral Air-Line road, so called; whereas the road
in the bill before us, instead of running down
southwest to Muscatine, and over the route indi-
cated by the red line on my map, runs to Iowa
City; from Iowa City to Fort Des Moines; and
so on, bearing southwest, striking the Missouri
at Council Bluffs.
Another discrepancy, as I have already re-
marked, between the former bill and the present
one, is that, in this bill, no provision is made for
a road starting from Keokuk, meeting the road
starting from Burlington at a common point on a
common trunk line reaching tho Missouri near
the mouth of the Platte river.
Now, sir, it may be said that this modification
of the different directions given to these roads; the
entire omission of the northern road which the
Legislature of Iowa asked aid in constructing; the
introduction of an entirely new road from Lyons
City to the Missouri river, which the Legisla-
ture never asked for, and which was never con-
tained in anyjformcr bill; the running of the road
westerly from Dubuque to Sioux City, instead of
running it southwesterly, striking the Missouri
at Council Bluffs; the alteration of the road start-
ing from Davenport, instead of running down to
Muscatine, bearing northerly to Iowa City, and so
