2084.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 13,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Louis-
iana to strike out the words:
And each Senator, Representative, and Delegate shall
also be allowed at each annual session of Congress, eight
dollars for every twenty miles of the estimated distance by
the most usual route from his residence to the seat of Con-
gross, at the commencement and end of every such session,
when such estimated distance does not exceed twelve hun-
dred and fifty miles, and where it exceeds twelve hundred
and fifty miles he shall be allowed six dollars foi every
twenty miles: Provided, No Senator, Representative, or
Delegate shall receive less than the aggregate amount of
the per diem and mileage now allowed by law.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 should have preferred to
have the clause read in this way: "and for a dis-
tance which exceeds twelve hundred and fifty
miles, six dollars." I am satisfied that will reduce
. nobody. My object is not to reduce at all.
Mr. PRATT. The mileage of eight dollars
for twenty miles, as I have always understood,
was originally fixed, not only in reference to those
elements which have already been referred to, but
in reference to another which has always governed
the vote of the representatives of Maryland in
both branches of the National Legislature in re-
gard to all attempts to alter the mileage; and that
is this: it was supposed that the more distant
members were interested in having the scat of
Governmentfixed and established, and they would
be those most opposed to changing it. It was
supposed, for example, that a man coming from
California, and receiving liis eight dollars for every
twenty miles, would at any rate not be desirous of
having the Capitol removed nearer to himself for
any interested purposes. That is the motive which
has heretofore governed the people of Maryland
and Virginia against voting for any interference
with mileage, and I hope my friends from Virginia
will vote with us of Maryland for the proposition
of my friend from Louisiana.
The amendment was agreedJp; there being on
a division—ayes 22, noes 15. -
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the proposition of the Senator from Vermont
to strike out all after the word "that " in the
amendment of the committee as amended, and
insert:
After the present session of Congress the members of the
Senate and Rouse of Representatives shall receive for their
attendance at ttie sessions of Congress, twenty-five per
centum in addition to what they arc by law now entitled to
receive for attendance.
Mr. GEYER. Will it be in order to move to
amend the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. GEYER. I move to strike out " twenty-
iive" and insert " fifty" per cent. I propose the
sum of twelve dollars per day, which will be the
compensation allowed if my amendment shall
prevail, which will approach very nearly the
average amount to be paid annually by a salary
of $2,500 a year. The average compensation of
members attending the two sessions will be about
$2,200 or $2,.'100 for each, at twelve dollars per
day. I prefer that mode of compensation to a
salary. It will be found, when it comes to be re-
duced to practice, attended witli a great many
other inconveniences. Among others, I will name
that of contested seats. You propose to give a
salary of $2,500 to every member, and pay it
monthly—that is, it is to commence on the 4th of
March, and he is entitled to draw by the month,
I suppose, oratleast, at the commencement of the
session, he may draw the entire compensation for
the eight intervening months. I will suppose the
case of a contested election. A member comes
and serves but one, or two. or three, or four, or
five days. He is to receive his compensation, when
he is not entitled to a seat, as a necessary conse-
quence of the law; and the member who obtains
the seat by a vote of the Senate or House, in the
case of a contested election, can be compensated
in no way whatever, because this will not provide
a compensation for him.
This annual compensation is supposed to be a
remedy to provide against what are called long
sessions. Now, sir, as was said by the honor-
able Senator from Vermont, if there is a member
of the Senate or House of Representatives who
■will stay here one day longer for eight dollars a
day, if you give hirn a salary of §2,500, the same
man will stay at home all the time and attend to ,
his own business. I must say, that the result of
my observation has been that there is absenteeism
enough under the present system. It would be
a salutary provision in the law. when we shall
appoint a compensation per diem, to require the
members to make out their own accounts, and
make their own charges as a point of honor, to
draw their per diem when they shall be in attend-
ance, and not leave it to the Clerk to make out
the accounts. I think an annual compensation
will be no remedy for the existing mischiefs. I
E refer, therefore, a per diem compensation, and
ave moved an addition of fifty per cent, to the
presentamount of compensation received by mem-
bers, because it will equal very nearly the amount
proposed to be given as the average annual sum
by the committee.
There is another thing that is not provided for
in this bill. You have mileage for the regular ses-
sions, and none for an extra session.
Mr. BUTLER. My bill provided for an extra
session.
Mr. GEYER. The bill of the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina provided for an extra
session. I do not know whether the provision
that has been stricken out would allow mileage
for the extra session; but if you pay members by
the year, and the public exigencies should require
an extra session, there would benosortof induce-
ment to attend it. Those, if there be any such,
who are disposed to prolong the session for eight
dollars a day, would stay away from the extra
session when they were to get no compensation.
I think we had better adhere to the system to
which we are accustomed,until we shall provide
in the details of a bill all the provisions necessary
on a subjcct of so much importance.
Mr. PRATT. Does not my friend from Mis-
souri see that, if there be a class of Senators or
Representatives who come within the category
he has mentioned, we should legislate very much
better without their presence at all ? If the effect
of compensating members by paying salaries
would be to produce the result that those who
have no sense of public duty operating on them
would stay away altogether, I think we should
be much better off.
Mr. GEYER. The honorable Senator will
not understand me as supposing that Senators
would stay away because they would be receiv-
ing compensation whether they attended here or
not; but I am answering an objection on the
other side. It is urged now, as a reason for the
change, that there are members who prolong the
session because of the eight dollars a day. Tsay,
if there be any such in either House of Congress,
you will introduce a greater evil by affording
them nn apology to themselves for remaining
away altogether. The Senator from Maryland
says there is no injury from absenteeism, because
we are better without them than with them. Sir,
several times during the present session, when
absenteeism has prevailed to a very considerable
extent, the business of the Senate lias been
arrested for the want of a quorum; and it hap-
pens very frequently that, in the midst of the
day, in the transaction of business here, we are
without a quorum.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to say to the Senator
from Missouri, in regard to extra sessions, that
there is a law now m existence which prevents
mileage for extra sessions convened on the 4th
of March.
Mr. BUTLER. But there may be an extra
session besides that. I preferred the bill which I
originally introduced, for it contained this clause.
In the event of war, or the probability of it, we
may be called together in extra session. There
is no provision made for it in the proposition of
the committee. I made this provision in my
bill:
And for every extra session his compensation shall be the
same as provided by law.
There may be extra sessions besides th ose called
on the 4th of March.
Mr. HUNTER. For those extra sessions
mileage is allowed under the existing law.
Mr. BUTLER. Not by your bill, for it is
taken away.
Mr. HUNTER. This bill only repeals so much
of the law as is inconsistent, with it; but if that is
to be put in I have no objection.
The amendment of Mr. Geyer to the amend-
ment of Mr. Collamer was rejected; and the
original amendment of Mr. Coi.lambr was
rejected.
Mr. BUTLER. I move the following amend-
ment at the end of the first section:
And for every extra session his compensation shall be the
same as now provided by law.
Mr. HUNTER. It is obvious that, if you take
the scheme of a salary you cannot adopt the pres-
ent compensation which is one mixed of per diem
and mileage. What the Senator wants, I appre-
hend, is to allow the same mileage at an extra
session.
Mr. BUTLER. I will explain. The amend-
ment is nothing more nor less than this: that if the
President should call us, by his proclamation in
extra session, we should get the mileage and per
diem we get now.
Mr. HUNTER. Besides the §2,500?
Mr. BUTLER. No, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. But this provides for #2,500,
beginning on the 4th of March, and, therefore,
there ought to be no allowance for per diem.
Tftere may be an allowance for mileage at extra
sessions other than those called on the 4th of
March. We have a law for those now existing.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, I will modify it that the
mileage shall be the same for extra sessions as
now allowed by law. I offer this amendment:
And for every extra session bis mileage shall be the
same as now provided by law.
Mr. HALE. By the existing law, mileage is
paid now for every extra session, except one called
on the 4th of March, immediately after the regular
adjournment of Congress, so that the law in fact
is just as the Senator wants it.
Mr. BUTLER. Suppose we are called in ex-
tra session, in contemplation of war, or anything
of that kind?
Mr. HALE. The existing law provides for
the payment of it then.
Mr. BUTLER. This bill repeals that law.
Mr. PRATT. The last section of this bill re-
peals all other laws.
Mr. HALE. Inconsistent with this.
Mr. PRATT. But it is inconsistent.
Mr. BROWN. It will do no harm.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have an amendment
which is necessary, by having the last clause of
the first section stricken out. The bill now re-
peals all mileage, I think. In the fourth line, at
the top of page two, after the words " shall be,"
1 propose to insert: " in addition to the mileage
now allowed bylaw."1
Mr. HUNTER. That is unnecessary, in con-
sequence of an amendment already made.
Mr. BENJx\MIN. The section will then read :
That the compensation of each member, &c., shall be,
in addition to the mileage now allowed by law, $2,500, &c.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to mileage, there
is this law in existence, which it seems to me
makes unnecessary the amendment offered by the
Senator from South Carolina:
" That the act entitled ' An act to amend an act entitled
" An act allowing compensation to members of the Senate
and members of the House of Representatives of the
United States, and to the Delegates of Territories, and re-
pealing ali other laws on that subject," ' shall apply to Sen-
ators and members of the House of Representatives and
Delegates fiom the Territories at all extra sessions of
Congress or the Senate convened within ten days after the
adjournment of a regular session."
This act gives mileage to all sessions convened
more than ten days after the adjournment. The
act passed at the preceding session, I think, pro-
hibits mileage where an extra session is convened
on the 4th of March; so that the existing law
seems to me to effect the purpose of the Senator
from South Carolina.
Mr. BUTLER. The Senator from Virginia is
in error; because that existing law would give
both per diem and mileage. This bill abolishes
the per diem and substitutes $2,500 salary. It
makes a clean business of the whole thing—pay
and mileage both for regular and extra sessions.
The amendment of the Committee on Finance,
as amended, was agreed to; the bill was reported
to the Senate as amended; and the amendments
made as in Committee of the Whole were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and it was read the third time.
Mr. GEYER and Mr. HARLAN called for
the yeas and nays on its passage; and they were
ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall, with great reluctance.,
be compelled to vote against this bill; and I do sp
in consequence of the amendment offered by the
