THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
.The SPEAKER. .The gentleman's objection
may Be obviated by including in the proposition-
that the previous question shall not bG moved.
Mr\ RAVAGE. I object to any proposition
wftiuh asks for an evasion of the rules of the
tlouse. I object to the pending one; and I wish it
to .be now understood that I shall object to any of
the same sort that maybe presented in the future.
Mr. MACE. Mr. Speaker, I have had the
- honor of serving in Congress for four years, and
I have never known any instance where it was
agreed to do business out of order that we were
^ot involved in confusion, and business was not
retarded; therefore, I give notice now that I shall,
if l am in my seat, object at all times to any and
all business whatever that is not strictly in order.
If. we proceed in accordance with our rules, I am
sure that we can do a greater amount of business
than in any other way.
• The' SPEAKER. Objection is made to the
proposition of the gentleman from Arkansas.
The question recurs on the motion to postpone
indefinitely the order in relation to the election of
a Chaplain.
. Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
'rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
iftto the Committee of the Whole on the state of
theUnion, with a view to considerthe President's
annual message.
Mr. PHELPS. That motion is not in order,
for the order is, that we now proceed, to the
election of a Chaplain; and until that is executed,
no other business is in order.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
ordered on the motion to postpone indefinitely;
$nd, under the rules of the House, the Chair is
of opinion the gentleman's motion to go into
committee is not in order.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to understand dis-
tinctly what is to be the effect of my vote on this
motion to postpone indefinitely. Suppose the
motion is agreed to, would there then suosist the
order of the House under which the daily sessions
have been, and are now, opened by prayer? I
am opposed to the election of a Chaplain, pro-
vided we can, as now, have our daily sessions
opened with prayer by the clergy of this District,
each in his turn.
The SPEAKER. The order adopted by the
House in the early part of the session would still
subsist.
Mr. FLORENCE. To open our daily sessions
with prayer is an act of volition with the clergy
of this District; we have no assurance that they
will continue to do as they have done.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The existing arrange-
ment is a good one. The Speaker decides that,
if the pending motion be adopted, that order will
subsist. 1 shall, therefore, vote for the motion
to postpone.
Mr. FLORENCE. There is upon the Speak-
er's table a joint resolution from the Senate asking
for a concurrent vote of this House to elect Chap-
lains, to alternate each week or day, as may be
agreed upon; and, if the motion to postpone
indefinitely be carried, the question will come up'
again on the adoption of that resolution. But
suppose this order is indefinitely postponed, what
assurance have we that we shall in the future, as
we have had heretofore, have our daily sessions
opened with prayer? And what assurance have
we that, at the end of the session, a resolution
will not be introduced —it is more than probable
there will be a resolution introduced—giving to
each of these gentlemen compensation ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I know it is not; but, in-
asmuch as the gentleman from North Carolina
asked a question, I supposed I might be indulged
in an answer.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone indefinitely; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 63, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Barksdale, Henry Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Bliss, Boyce, Branch, Cadwalader, Caruthers,
Caskie, Clingrnan, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Ccaige, Craw-
ford, Davidson, Dickson, Dowdell, English, Kthertdge,
Faulkner, Flagler, Foster, Greenwood, Giow, Augustus
Hall, Thomas L. Harris, flolfoway, Houston, ITiigliston,
George W. Jones, Kelly, Knight, Letcher, Limlley, Lump-
km, Samuel S. Marshall, MeMulhn, Smith Miller, Morrill,
Mott, Nichols. Mordecai Oliver, Pelton, Quitman, Ruffin,
Rust, Sabm, Savage, Scott, Seward, Sherman, WiJham
Smith, Spinner, Stephens, Stranahan, Taylor, Thurston,
Wade, Wakeman, Williams, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright,
and John V. Wright—63.
NAYS —Messrs. Aiken, Barbour, Bell, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Benson, Bingham, Brenton, Burlingame, John P.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, dawson, Colfax. Conrins,
Cox, Cullen, Cumback, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dunn, Evans,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Granger, J. Monison Haf-
ris, Harrison, Hickman, Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Kel-
sey, Knapp, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace, Alexander IC.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Killian Miller, Millson, Nor-
ton, Orr, Parker, Pennuigton, Perry, Phelps, Pike, Porter,
Purviance, Puryear, Reade, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, Rob-
ison, Shorter, Simmons, Stanton, Swope, Trafton, Wal-
bridge, Waldron,Ellihu B. Washburwe, Israel Washburn,
Watkins, and Woodruff—65.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL stated that Mr.
Walker had paired off with Mr. Tyson.
Mr. STUART stated that he was outside the
bar when his name was called. If he had been
within the bar, he should have voted ay.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, made the same
statement.
Mr. SHORTER stated that he voted in the
negative for the purpose of moving to reconsider.
The result was then announced, as above stated.
Mr. SHORTER. I move that the vote just
taken, by which the House refused indefinitely
to postpone, be reconsidered.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask for inform-
ation; if the motion to reconsider is laid upon thetf1
table, what will be the next business in order?
The SPEAKER. It will be the execution of
the order of the HoUse for the election of Chap-
Iain.
Mr. RITCHIE. I ask for tellers upon the
motion to lay on the table.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ritchie
and Shorter were appointed.
Mr. SMITH. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE. A number of gentlemen
all around the House seem to desire to have a
direct vote on the motion to reconsider. I do not
understand the philosophy of the request, but I
will accede to it, and withdraw the motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL. I renew the motion.
Mr. RITCHIE. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 66, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Barbour, Bell, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Benson, Bingham, Brenton, Bnrlmgame, John P.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, dawson, Colfax,
Connns*, Cox, Cullen, Cumback, Dean, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Dunn, Evans, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gran-
der, J. Morrison Harris, Hickman, Ilolloway, Thomas R.
Horton, Howard, Kei.<ey, Kennett, Knapp, Knox, Kunkel,
Leiter, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Rumphiey Marshall,
Kilhan Miller, Millson, Monill, Noiton, Oil-, Parker, Pel-
ton, Pike, Porter, Purviance, Puryear, Rcade, Ritchie, Rob-
bing, Roberts, Robi^on, Sherman,.Simmons, Stanton, Traf-
ton, Walluidgp, Waldron, Elliliu B, Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watkins, and Woodnift— 66.
NAYS — Mossrrf. Allen, Barksdale, Henry Bennett, Bil-
lmshurst, Bliss, Boyce, Branch, Biooks, Caruthere,Caskie,
Clmgman, Williamson 11. W.Cobh, Craige, Crawford, Da-
vidson, Dowdell, Elliott, English, Ethendge, Faulknei,
Flagler, Fostei, Greenwood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Samp-
son \V. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Houston, Husjhxton,
Jrwett, Geoigc W. Jones, Kelly, Kmsrht, Letcher,Lindley,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Maishall, McMullin, Smith Miller,
Mott, Quitman, Ruflin, Rust, Sabin, Savage, Scott, Sew-
aul, Shoiter, William Smith, Spinner, Stephens. Stcwait,
Stranahan, Taylor, Thurston, Wade, Wells, 'Williams,
Wnislow, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—61.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
tabic.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. SHERMAN stated that Mr. Sapp and
Mr. Kidwell had pefrred off from yesterday morn-
ing until the 28th instant.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. ORR. I move that when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. FLAGLER. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I call for tellers upon
ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered. /
The motion to adjourn over was then agreed to.
THE CHAPLAINCY AGAIN. ^
The Clerk then read the list of gentlemen put
in nomination for the chaplaincy, as follows:
Rev. Byron Sumjciland.
Rev. Robert D. Morris,
Rev. David T. Doggett,
Rey. William Patten?
Rev. William G. Baldwin,
Rev. Maik Trafton,
Rev. French S. Evans.
Rev. Daniel Waldo,
Rev. Thomas H. Stockton,
Rev. William Hodges
Rev. J. G. Butler,
Rev. A. J. Caruthers,
Rev. Thomas Fisher,
Rev. William Moseley,
Mr. TRAFTON. With very many thanks to
the gentleman who so kindly nominated me to
the chaplaincy during my ahsence, I must beg to
decline the honor he intended, and therefore with-
draw my name.
Mr. LEITER. A few days since I was in-
formed by Mr. Davis, of Maryland, that he had
been requested to withdraw the name of the Rev.
French S. Evans. Mr. Davis is absent, and at
his request I now withdraw the name of Mr
Evans.
Mr. SHORTER. I placed in nomination, a
few days since, the Rev. William Moseley, of
Georgia. I did so without his knowledge or con-
sent. He is a member of the primitive Baptist
church of that State, and is opposed to the election
of Chaplains in Congress under any circum-
stances. I make this statement in order that he
may not appear before the country in a false po-
sition. If he were elected by the unanimous
vote of this House, I am satisfied that he would
decline the honor. But, nevertheless, as he is
conspicuous in the States of Georgia and Alabama
for his opposition to the Know Nothing party
there, and knowing his position upon this ques-
tion, I shall not take the liberty to withdraw his
name, as I intend to vote for him as a compliment
to the church of which he is a member.
Mr. GRANGER. I would inquire if the name
of Mr. Waldo was read as one of the nominees?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. GRANGER. I wish to say that he is old,
but every way competent for the service. He has
been for seventy years a member of the Congre-
gational church, without spot or blemish, and
" still lives," able and willing to serve his country
in his profession.
Mr. McMULLIN. I took the liberty, a few
days since, of presenting the name of William G
Baldwin, as a candidate for the chaplaincy. I am
not prepared to say that I was authorized to do
so, but I know him to be an honest man and a
gentleman; and if the House see fit to elect him,
he will give us good prayers and short prayers.
Mr. SEWARD. I think we can narrow down
this question, if gentlemen will continue to with-
draw the names of candidates, especially such a?
have been put in nomination without authority
If members will do that, we shall get through
quicker.
The Speaker then appointed as tellers Messrs.
Ritchie, Woodruff, Reade, and English.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
postpone this matter indefinitely?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the House has
already refused to do so.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to move to
postpone it for a week ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move to
postpone to a day certain.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I move to postpone
it until the 4th of March, 1857.
The SPEAKER. That is equivalent to an in-
definite postponement.
Mr. LETCHER. Weil, then, until the 3d
of March, 1857; and I desire to say in this con-
nection that this whole affair seems manifestly
to be a farce, in the estimation of members.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Upon the motion of
the gentleman from Virginia, I wish to submit
this observation, that however farcical this thing
may appear to him, it seems to me to be a very
solemn sort of proceeding. I have no doubt,
Mr. Speaker, that we are now in the performance
of a duty which good morals and the sense of the
country will sustain us in. I supposed, after we
had refused to postpone indefinitely, and the
House had refused to reconsider that vote, that
we should have gone on to an election; but the
motion now made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, to postpone to a day certain—which is the
day before the adjournment of this Congress
under the Constitution—shows that we are to
have a contest upon this subject, as long as the
rules of order will permit the gentleman to make
a contest. Now m order that we may accelerate
and expedite the business of the House, I movu
to lay the motion to postpone to a day certain
upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Kentucky withdraw that motion for a moment?
