1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. I merely wish to say a
word in reply.
Mr. MARSHALL. I can imagine what the
gentleman will say.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir, you cannot imagine
what I want to say.
Mr. MARSHALL. Well, I cannot withdraw
the motion.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to allude to facts
showing the operation of the practice ill Virginia,
where no Chaplain is elected at all; but, in con-
sideration of the gravity of my friend from Ken-
tucky, I will not press it.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. LETCHER. It has never been the cus-
tom of the Legislature of the State in which I
reside to elect a Chaplain to open its proceedings
with prayer. It has been the"custom of the Le-
gislature of that State, for a series of years, to
invite the ministers of the city of Richmond, and
such ministers from the country as happen to be
visiting in the city of Richmond, to come in each
morning and open the sessions with prayer. That
system has been found to work well, and has
given satisfaction. Now, sir, I understand, so
far as the ministers of the city of Washington
are concerned, that they do not desire to be
elected to the chaplaincy; that they are per-
fectly willing to come here and officiate as the
ministers of the State of Virginia do at Rich-
mond. I think if that course is pursued it will
be much more likely to give satisfaction to the
members of this House, composed as they are of
all shades of religious cast, and some having no
religion at all. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, I do not desire to see this thing con-
fined to any one where it can be effected in this
way, which seems to me more acceptable, and
which we have tried for a period of some months
to general satisfaction, and! am sure to the satis-
faction of my friend from Kentucky. We have
had our sessions opened here with prayer alter-
nately by the ministers of the various religious
denominations of this city. Well, now, if that
system can be continued, why should we under-
take to place here a minister of any particular
religious denomination as the Chaplain of this
House ?
Then, besides, Mr. Speaker, when I spoke of
this thing as being farcical, 1 alluded to the fact,
that just preceding this election there seemed to
be none of that solemnity connected with it which
my friend from Kentucky has referred to. And
so far as the solemnity spoken of is concerned, I
think my friend, from the manner in which he
addressed the House, seemed to be about as
much "put to" to conceal that it was farcical,
as I am to show that it is.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not rise for the
purpose of making any speech 011 this question,
but I desire simply to suggest to the members of
the House, whether it would not be good policy
just to try the experiment of calling on the
preachers of this city to officiate alternately at that
desk ? I ask the House, with confidence, whether
the experiment, so far as we have tried it, has not
worked well > And if it has, why should there be
any objection to try it during this session ? If it
be found by further experience that the plan does
not answer the purpose designed, the House can
at any moment, whenever it is impressed with the
conviction that it is necessary to elect a Chaplain,
• proceed to do so; there can be no difficulty in car-
rying out that necessity. The proposition to have
ministers of the various religious denominations
of this city officiate alternately, is evidently one
entitled to favorable consideration. That there
should be an unbecoming solicitation on the part
of those who undertake to teach the law and the
prophets, forpaymentfrom this House, is, I think,
calculated .to have a most painful impression;
but I think that that idea will be effectually re-
pelled by the course proposed, of applying to the
clergymen of this city to officiate alternately.
But that is not all: I think I can say, with abso-
lute confidence, that the ministers of this city will
cheerfully perform this duty, and that they will
refuse to allow themselves to be placed before this
House at the closing scenes of the session for
allowance for their services. Such an insinuation
is a gross reflection upon those who undertake to
teach us.
My colleague [Mr. Letcher] has adverted to
the practice in the State of Virginia. That prac-
tice has continued for years, and I am happy to
be able to say. that not the first intimation has
ever been made of a desire on their part to receive
the slightest compensation for such services as
they render. I beg the House—whatever may
have been the past experience on this subject,
whatever may be the particular views of members
in reference to taking chance to elect a friend to
the office of Chaplain—to consider whether it is
not eminently proper that we should continue the
system for the rest of the session, so as to test
the utility and wisdom of the system which we
have acted on ever since we assembled here in the
month of December?
Mr. MILLSON. It is perhaps fortunate that
the American people are not accustomed tojudge
of dangers to the Union from the amount of ex-
' citement 111 the Halls of Congress. If they were,
; sir, they might bo led to suppose that all our in-
stitutions were now in imminent danger; for I
confess I have seldom seen so much excitement
on this floor as seems to have been produced by
i the attempt to elect an humble Chaplain. Sir, this
i usage of electing a Chaplain is coeval with our
. Government; it was even anterior to our Con-
stitution. It has been adopted by every succes-
sive Congress from the earliest to thepresent day;
and I will not take the responsibility of being
the first to depart from it.
My colleague [Mr. Letcher] has adverted to
the usage of the Virginia Legislature; but why
should we forget or disregard our own usages ?
The practice of our own body is a more proper
subject of consideration in determining what we
ought to do. Though 1 am sometimes charged,
Mr. Speaker,—I beg pardon for appearing ego-
tistical,—with being, perhaps, the strictest con-
1 structionist in Congress, yet, sir, ! confess that it
never once occurred to my mind that the election
of a Chaplain was 111 any respect a violation of
our sacred Constitution. How far are these ob-
jections to be carried ? Gentlemen object to what
: they call the union of Church and State. Who,
sir, would more object to it than myself? But
let them be consistent in their objections. If it
should please God to take from the world on'e of
the members of this body, I suppose those gen-
tlemen who are objecting to the appointment of
a Chaplain, on the ground that it is to that extent
a union of Church and State, will insist that the
. body of our deceased brother should be interred
i without any religious services, because it is not
competent to connect the public Treasury with the
administration in any sort of religious offices.
! And, to be still further consistent, they should
at once introduce a resolution into this House,
requiring the Librarian of Congress to expose to
public auction all books now in the library rela-
ting in any degree to religion—the various editions
S of the Bible among them—on the ground that
' it was an abuse of our authority to expend the j
money of the people in the purchase of books
which were in any manner connected with reli-
gion. Sir, I hope that this contest, after so many
expressions of the will of the majority of this
House, will at length be stopped. Have we no
respect for the ancient usages of the country?
Why question the need, why ask the necessity,
of having a Chaplain ? I think I can perceive an
obvious propriety in it, even if there were not a
necessity.
If this matter has been made a farce, as gentle-
men say, by whom has it been made so f There
are some of us, I trust, who are not disposed to
connect farcical associations with the administra-
tion of the duties of the chaplaincy.
Mr. CRAWFORD, (interrupting.) I desire
to ask the gentleman from Virginia, whether there
is not a resolution now in force in this House
inviting the resident clergy of the city to appear
here daily and open our sessions with prayer?
And, in obedience to that resolution, have not the
clergy of the city regularly appeared in this Hall
and opened our sessions with prayer during the
present session?
I desire to say further, that I have uniformly
voted against all motions to elect a Chaplain, not
intending thereby to commit myself in opposition
to the practice of opening the sessions of the
House with prayer, but in opposition to the elec-
tion, of a regular Chaplain to officiate for us, when
our sessions would otherwise be opened as they
have thus far been. It is with thai-view, with that
feeling, that I Hare thus voted; ' Now, sir, I aiit
gratified to have the ministers of the Gospel ap-
pear here every morning and make prayer. Undent*
the resolution of the gentleman from Alabama,
sitting immediately before me, [Mr. Dowdei.i.,]
the clergy of the city have appeared regal&riy.
since the commencement of the sessKSi, and-, as <!'
understand, will continue to appeaf and open
our sessions if a regular Chaplain is not eleet&I.
I prefer this arrangement, and therefore have
voted against regular elections. I ask the gentle-
man from Virginia, whether, if we do not go into
a regular election, we shall not continue to have
prayers every morning as we have had hereto-
fore?
It is not my purpose, in voting as I have done
upon this question, to be understood as being op-
posed to the long-established custom of opening
our deliberations each day with prayer, but to
manifest, in the most forcible manner, my utter
dislike to the system of electioneering which seems
to prevail in regard to the election of a Chaplain.
I am in favor of the system of alternating, pro-
vided for in the rule which was adopted in the
early part of the session, and which has proved to
work so well up to the present time. I see no reason
to change it; for in that course we have each morn-
ing the Divine blessing invoked, and at the same
time avoid the objections raised by so many good
and worthy men, whose opinions I respect. I
felt that the remarks of the honorable gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Millson] might make the
impression that those of us who had voted for the
postponement wereopposed to the opening of each
session of this House with prayer, and thought
it due to many gentlemen voting with me, as well
as to myself, to set this matter right. I thank
my friend from Virginia for the opportunity which
he has so kindly given me of being heard upon
the subject.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Geor-
gia can answer the question as well as I can. He
knows a resolution has been adopted inviting the
gratuitous services of ministers of the Gospel
here. But, sir, I am noticing the objections that
have been made to the system; I am answering
objections urged by my colleague. [Mr. Letcher]
and others, in reference to the merits of the sys-
tem at large; but I may say to the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Crawford,] that some of the ob-
jections that have been made will apply as well
to the resolution that has been adopted as to the'
election of a permanent Chaplain.
But, sir, I should defeat my own object, which
is to bring this matter to a speedy close, if I were
to go into an extended discussion of this ques-
tion. I do not desire to do that; I rose merely to
submit a very few observations. At the time the
gentleman from Georgia interrupted me I was
making some remarks in reply to my colleagues,
[Messrs. Letcher and Smith,] who wish to
know why this farce should continue. I have
said that this was a usage that I would not be
among the first to abolish. I believe it is a usage
that has prevailed throughout Christendom, and
I will not consent to go now into a discussion as
to any necessity for it. I, sir, have a veneration
for ancient usages, when they are not wrong in
themselves.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to inquire of my col-
league, whether he says I stated that I was op-
posed to having our sessions opened with prayer ?
Mr. MILLSrON. I did not say so.
Mr. LETCHER. I so understood my col-
league. 1 will state exactly what my position is
in this matter. We have had prayers here, I
believe, every morning since the commencement
of the session; and I should prefer to have them
alternately by ministers of different denomina-
tions, than to have them every morning by a min-
ister of anyone denomination. Gentlemen have
these two propositions before them, between
which to choose: to have alternately the services
of the clergy of the city, of different denomina-
tions, or to have the services of one man regu-
larly elected as Chaplain. For myself, I prefer
the former.
Mr. MILLSON. I imputed no such wish tn
my colleague as he has indicated. What I meant
to say was, that the argument of my colleague,
[Mr. Letcher,] and of my colleague-on my right,
[Mr. Smith,] would apply as well to the gratui-
tous services of clergymen, such as we have had
