1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2085
Senator from Louisiana. I have endeavored to
give some attention to the question of the differ-
ence between the pay of members of different
sections. I do not wish to reduce the pay of any
member of Congress; but as I stated before, the
present system of mileage was adopted when your
country aid not extend beyond three thousand
miles at the most. The ratio of difference was
not then too great. Since the country has become
extended it has made the difference too great in
proportion to the time occupied in transit from
one place to another, in my judgment, and of
course every man must go on his own judgment;
and therefore, as that principle is adopted I must
necessarily vote against the bill, and only for that
reason.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 35, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Belt
of Tennessee, benjamin, Biggs, Bigler, Blight, lirodhead,
Brown, Butler, Clay, Dodge, Durkee, Fish, Foster, Hale,
Houston, Hunter, Iverson, James, Jones of Iowa, Malloiy,
Mason, Pearee, Pratt, Reid, Sebastian, Slidcll, Stuait,
Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, Weller, Wilson,
Wright, and Yulee—35.
NAYS — Messrs. Bayard, Cass, Coll am er, Fessenden,
Foot, G-pyer, Haslan, Pugh, Seward, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, and Wade—11.
So the bill was passed.
MRS. MARY RAY.
On motion of Mr. STUART, the bill (S. No.
450) for the relief of Mrs. Mary Gay, was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to Mrs. Mary
Gay, widow of the late William Gay, Indian
agent for the Shawnees in Kansas Territory,who
was killed while in the discharge of his official
duties, the sum of §2,000 as indemnity to cover
his salary, the amount of money of which he
%vas robbed, and the expenses of the widow and
family in returning to their home in the State of
Michigan.
Mr. COL.LA.MER. I desire to know whether
that bill was reported frefm any committee ?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir; from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. COLLAMER. Let the report be read.
Mr. STUART. I do not know that that there
is any written report; but I can state the facts in
a moment. Mr. Gay was the agent of the Shaw-
nee and Wyandot Indians.
Mr. COLLAMER. Was he not a new appoint-
ment?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir, he was appointed
this session. He was killed in the discharge of
his duties.
Mr. COLLAMER. How killed ?
Mr. STUART. He was met on the highway
and shot by three or four individuals, and conse-
quently his wife was compelled to return to the
State of Michigan. He was robbed also.
Mr. COLLAMER. Was he shot because he
and others had a fight ?
Mr. STUART. I do not understand it to be
so. . . ,
Mr. COLLAMER. Was it a political quar-
rel ?
Mr. STUART. The papers state the facts.
His son, who was present, makes an affidavit
which is among the papers. He says these men
asked him some questions, and shot him three or
four times.
Mr. COLLAMER. What questions >
Mr. STUART. That he does not tell, and of
course I cannot state.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no question that
this man was killed or shot m Kansas. He was
appointed by the President this year, and went
out and was shot by the people who were marau-
ding about Kansas. They questioned and drove
him up to tell who he was. He told them who
he was, and where he came from. They wanted
to know to what party he belonged. He told
them he was a Democrat. That was not suffi-
cient for them; they pushed him further, and
desired to know what he thought on the subject
of whether Kansas ought to be a free or slave
State. He said, if left to himself he supposed it
ought to be a free State; and thereupon they shot
him. That is all there is aboul this case.
Now, Mr. President, I wish some provision
made for the people who have been murdered in
Kansas in consequence of their political charac-
ter on one side or the other; but there should be
a general provision. Why Mr. Gay's family
should be provided for more than other plbple's
families, I do not know. Why should not the
committee report a general bill ? I do not care
whether they be killed on one side or the other,
for the point I am on now  
Mr. BUTLER. I do not want to kill either
side.
Mr. COLLAMER. Nor I either. The mere
fact that a man has been killed, in my estimation
constitutes no reason forproviding for his family.
Gentlemen say he is a public officer. Well, sir,
there is no reason why, if a public officer be
murdered, his family should be provided for more
than other people's on that account. If it was
in the discharge of his duty, and there was a
military character devolved in him, there would
be some propriety in it; but the fact that a man
is in office, and while in office is shot by men who
do not like his political character, does not con-
stitute any reason why his family should be pro-
i vided for, no matter on what side he is. I can-
| not see that there is any principle which has been
stated which will justify provisions for that
family more than other poor families, the heads
of which have been murdered in Kansas.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; was read the third time, and passed.
CALIFORNIA LAND DISTRICTS.
Mr. WELLER. I intended to move to take
up the fortification bill this evening. I am very
anxious to have it disposed of.
Several Senators. Take it up to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. But I have a bill which has
; been lying on the table for some time, that was
' recommended by the Commissioner of the General
j Land Office. The Legislatureof the State of'Cali-
; fornia have passed resolutions instructing me in
favor of it. The Commissioner of the General
Land Office was not willing to recommend land
offices until surveys there, when completed,
should show there was a necessity for establish-
ing them. The bill proposes to establish an olTice
in Humboldt and one in Tulare county. Those
persons residing in Ilumboldt,Trinity, and Shasta
counties, are compelled to go down by the ocean
to Sail Francisco, and then traverse Iho bay of
San Francisco np to Remcia, in order to get out
their preemption papers, at an expense of from
one hundred and fifty to two hundred dollars to
get to the land office. The object of this bill is
simply to remedy that. I make the motion to
take up the bill.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday,, luguit 13, 1S5G.
TheHouse met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Itev. Daviel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. BALL. I find that my name is published
in the National Intelligencer this morning as
having voted m favor of postponing the consid-
eration of the Pacific railroad bill yesterday. I
also find, on reference to the Journal, that the
Clerk has me so recorded. ( voted on the other
side, and desire to have the Journal so corrected.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected. It, does not change the result.
ISAAC ADAMS.
The SPEAKER, stated the business first^in
order to be on the passage of a bill (H. R. No.
325) for the relief of Isaac Adams, on which the
mam question was yesterday ordered, and on
which the yeas and nays were also ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays G6; as follows:
YEAS—Mcj-rs. Aiken, Aliis-on. liaibom. Barclay, Ben
wood, Grow, Herbfit, Hickman, 'Ihomas 11. iiorton, vai
entine J{. Horton.Iiu^hF-toHjKenm'it, Kmy, hnapp, Knu'lit,
Kmmiton, Loiter, Alexander K. JSTar^Iidll, Humphry Mar-
shall, Matteson, KUiian Miller, Miliward, Morgnn, MomU,
Mott, Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver,
Orr, Parker, Pearee, reck, Pelton, Ferry, Plielps, Tike,
Porter, Purviance, Richardson, Robbins, Rust, Sabm, Sage,
Sandidge, Seward, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith,
Spinner, Stewart, Swope, Talbott, Tappan, Thorington,
Thurston, Traftoii, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wai-
bridge, (Jadwalader C.' Washburne, Ellilm B. Washbume,
Israel Washburn, Watkins, Watson, Wells, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zolhcofler—108.
NAYS — Messis. Albright, Ball, Henry Bennett, Bliss,
Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Brenton, Burnett, Cadwalader,
John P. Campbell, Chngman, Colfax, Cox, C^ige, Cullen,
Oumbaek, Davidson, Day, l)ean, Emric, Etheridge, Thomas
J. I). Fuller, Galloway, Giddings, Goode,^Harlan, Thomas
L. Harris, Hoffman, Holloway, Houston, Howard, George
W. Jones, Knox, Lake, Letcher, Mace, McCarty, Mc-
Queen, Millson, Norton, Pennington, Powell, Prmgle, Pur-
year, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rivers, Ruffin,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, William Smith, Sneed,
Stanton, Taylor, Todd, Tnppe, Wade, Waldron, Warner,
Wheeler, and Winslow—66.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dxcicixb, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a hill (H. R. No. 205)
for the relief of West Drinkwatcr and others. _
Mr. ORR called for the regular order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
Mr. ORR. Is not the bill reported yesterday
fiom the Committee on Public Lands the first
business in order ?
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the calling of committees for reports.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to report from the
Committee of Ways and Means House bill No.
189—the naval appropriation bill; and House bill
No. 202—the legislative, executive, and judicial
appropriation bill, with the action of the com-
mittee. on the amendments of the Senate.
There being no objection, House bill (No. 189)
making appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30,1857, with the amendments
of the Senate thereto, was reported back.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend the House to concur in the second amend-
ment of the Senate with an amendment, and to
lion-concur in the first and third amendments of
the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The first amendment of the Senate, in which
the Committee of Ways and Means recommended
a non-concurrence, was reported, as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to publish the charts
and ropoit of the exploiation of La Plata river, and the
charts and repou of the suiveys of the Behrmg's straits
expedition.
The amendment of the Semite was non-con-
curred in.
Second amendment:
Thnt each purser attached to a sloop of war or other
ve-wl >iiiallci than a frigate, shall be authorized to appoint
a oleik in lieu of the steward heretofore allowed, subject to
the appioval of the commanding officer of such vessel; and
such oleik >-haIi have the privileges allowed to the clerk of
the commanding officer, and his ycaily compensation shall
be the. same a* that now allowed by law to midshipmen:
Jlnd provided fait her, That the compensation of the clcik
of the commandant at Philadelphia shall be the b<vmc as
tho*o at Boston and New York, which shall be paid for the
last and prebent fiscal year a  estimated and appropriated.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended to strike out all after the word " be," in
the fourteenth line, and insert " $400." So that
the amendment as amended will only authorize
the purser attached to a sloop of war,&c., to ap-
point a clerk, in lieu of a steward, at a salary of
$400.
The amendment to the Senate amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate as amended wag
concurred in.
Third amendment:
In poae 8. after line live, insert t
For constructing a powder magazme at Saa Franclseo
$119,302 11.
