1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4T5
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Policy of the Republican Party—Mr. Perry.
Ho. of Reps.
to put in much other evidence to this point which
I have collected for this purpose. But I will now
return, and desire to propound the same question
to the Democratic party which the Almighty put
toAdam afterhe had sinned, " Where art thou?"
and, by the way, that party is very much in the
same condition Adam was when thus interro-
fated; and as he was driven out of Paradise by
is Maker for his sins, so the Democratic party
has been driven out of power by the people for the
same cause, with now no very good prospect of
ever getting back into "Paradise." But to the
question and the answer.
After General Cass, in his celebrated " Nichol-
son letter," in 1848, wandered off South, and pub-
lished to the country the fact that a " change had
been going on in his own mind as well as in
others," out of respect for, or sympathy with, a
great political leader—with a love for the spoils,
or an inordinate thirst for power and place, or
some other reasons, he was soon followed by no
inconsiderable number of prominent men of his
party. From that day to this they have been
backing down, backing down, and backingdown,
until the Democratic party has lost every element
of nationality, and is now become a mere sec-
tional instrumentality to spread slavery into free
Territory, and build a great slave oligarchy to
override every other interest in the whole coun-
try-. To allow slavery to go into the vast fields
or Kansas and Nebraska, the Democratic party
united with the South to break down the great
banner of freedom in the repeal of the Missouri
compact. This party is now using its whole power
to make slavery national. Having by sectional
legislation exposed every foot of American soil
to the withering, blighting mildews of slavery,
the party now nags the viper to its bosom, and
declares eternal hostility to "restoration," or a
correction of the great wrong by them committed
upon the best interests of the Union.
What is Democracy in 1856 ? Let us examine
this question. In order to a right understanding
of this matter, I will call the attention of the com-
mittee to certain resolutions passed by Democratic
conventions in several of the States, as their
" platform of principles—as the basis of a national
organization.
First, I will read certain resolutions of the
Democracy of Alabama, at their late convention
to elect delegates to the Cincinnati convention;
This convention declared in favor of General
Pierce's renomination:
Resolved, "8. That it is expedient that we should be
represented in the Democratic National Convention upon
tuch conditions as are hereinafter expressed.
"9. That the delegates to the Democratic National Con-
vention, to nominate a President and Vice President, are
hereby expressly instructed to insist that the said convention
shall adopt a platform of principles as the basis of a national
organization, prior to the nomination of candidates, un-
equivocally asserting, in substance, the following proposi-
tions: 1. The recognition and approval of the principle of
non-intervention by Congress upon the subject of slavery in
the Territories. 2. That no restriction or prohibition of
slavery inauy Territory shaU hereafter be made in any act of
Congress. 3. That no State shall be refused admission into
the Union because of the existence of slavery therein. 4.
The faithful execution and maintenance of the fugitive
slave law.
" 10. That if said National Convention shall reftase to
adopt the propositions embraced in the preceding resolution,
our delegates to said convention are hereby positively in-
structed to withdraw therefrom,''
The Democratic convention of Mississippi,
which assembled in January last to elect dele-
gates to the same convention, passed the follow-
ing resolutions:
Resolved, "4. That our delegates to the next National
Convention of the Democratic party, to be held for the pur-
pose of nominating candidates for President and Vice Presi-
dent, are hereby instructed that they are to insist on the
adoption by said convention of a platform of principles
which shall contain:
"1- A recognition and adoption of the principles of the
act of Congress commonly called the Kansas-Nebraska act.
"2. A pledge to resist all attempts to abolish slavery in
the District of Columbia, or to prohibit the slave trade be-
tween the States.
"3. A pledge to resist all attempts to repeal the fugitive
slave bill or impair its faithful execution."
The Democratic State convention of Georgia,
the " Empire State" of the South, which, I think,
was holden on the 6th of June last, adopted the
following resolutions:
" Resolved, That we adopt as our own the following
resolution, passed unanimously by the last Legislature of
Georgia:
" 'lUtohUd ty the General JUttmEfyaffhe Stats af cmtf.
$ia, That opposition to the principles of the Nebraska bill,
in relation to the subject of slavery, is regarded by the peo-
ple of Georgia as hostility to the people of the South, and
that all persons who partake in such opposition are unfit
to be recognized as component parts of any party or organ-
ization not hostile to the South.'
"Resolved, That in accordance with the above resolu-
tion, whilst we are willing to act in party association with all
sound and reliable men in every section of the Union, we
are not willing to affiliate with any party that shall not rec-
ognize, approve, and carry out the principles and provisions
of the Nebraska-Kansasact; and that the Democratic party
of Georgia will cut off all party connection with every man
and party at the North or elsewhere that does not come up
fully and thirty to this line of action."
I have no time to refer to resolutions of Demo-
cratic conventions in other States; they are all of
the same tenor.
The Democratic platform has three principal
planks:
1. The Constitution of the United States carries
slavery into the Territories, and there protects it;
2. No restriction or prohibition of slavery in
the Territories; and
3. The maintenance and execution of the fugi-
tive slave law.
Here is a platform constructed exclusively to
favor southern interests. Is it a national benefit
to extend slavery info the Territories, or is it
done for the benefit of a section? Was not the
fugitive slave law made for the benefit of the
South, and do not its supporters demand its
execution to protect southern interests ?
The Democratic platform is sectional in all its
parts; and to call it a " national" platform is a
libel upon the common sense of every man who
reads it.
With all these facts glaring them in the face,
the members of the so-called Democratic party,
the supporters of the present national Adminis-
tration, have the unblushing impudence to stand
up, and say to those of us who have, on the stump
and at the ballot-box, through good report and
evil report, supported Jackson, and Van Buren,
and Polk, and Pierce, (until he forsook his friends
and abandoned his platform,) and have clung to the
Democratic party like the mariner to the wreck,
until there was not a single plank of its good old
platform left to save us from perdition , that we
nave left the Democratic party—that we have
changed and gone over to Abolitionism—when
they know, and we know, and the whole world
knows, that they are the men that have changed,
they are the deserters, that they have gone off and
offered^ sacrifices to strange gods, while we are
defending the sacramental altars and consecrated
fires of the " God of our fathers." While we
are, in good faith, maintaining and defending the
doctrines of Jefferson and the Democratic party,
they are bowing down and worshiping the Dagon
god of African slavery.
But it may be said the Cincinnati convention
will not adopt the platform dictated by the sev-
eral State conventions I have referred to. If any
One entertains this opinion he is grossly mis-
taken. _ What says the Democracy of Alabama?
They instruct their delegates to "withdraw"
unless the convention comes up to the mark;
while the Democrats of Georgia declare they "will
cut off all party connection with every man and
party at the North, or elsewhere, that does not fully
and fairly come up to thisline of action." It may
be a bitter dose for northern Democrats, and they
may at first resist it; but it will be of no use, for
they will have to drink the poisoned draught to
the very dregs. Yes, gentlemen, you have got to
take the whole dose; and, however bitter and
nauseating it may be, you have not only got to
swallow it, but say you love it. Every northern
Democrat will have to mount the Juggernaut car
of slavery, "hold the reins, or crack the whip,"
or be thrown overboard to be crushed under the
ponderous weight of its gigantic wheels. An
honorable gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Keitt] the other day, in eloquent, but plain lan-
guage, announced to the Democratic party the
fine of policy it had got to pursue to receive
southern support. That gentleman said:
« The Democratic, party at the North hat been cut down
in the fight. It has passed through fire and water. It has
come out cleansed, with whitened garments. It is now
strong enough to do battle for the Constitution. Will you
swell it, for the spoils, with a raotleyfhorde, wearing soiled
Mid tattered robes? If you will, five *U platform to th*
South, and Un man rethe North." * *1 • ♦
" The South should establish in the platform the principle,
that the right of a southern man to bis slave is equal in its
length and breadth to the right of the northern man to his
horse. She should make the recognition of the right full,
complete, and indisputable."
There is one other piece of evidence I will offer
upon this point. Franklin Pierce and his admin-
istration are indorsed by the Democratic party.
Of course what he believes they believe. Now,
to show his position and that of the party who
support him, I will read an extract of a letter
from Senator Evans, of South Carolina, recently
written and published, recommending his State
to go into the Cincinnati convention. He says:
" President Pierce is a man after our own hearts. Both
in words and deeds be comes nearer to our opinions than
any man who has preceded him for the last thirty years.
Our vote may give nim the nomination, and my best judg-
ment is that we ought to join in the selection."
In the face of these facts we hear it proclaimed
in these Halls, upon the stump, and everywhere,
| that the Democratic party is a national party.
' Members of this southern-sectional party talk
j with great flippancy about "national Democrats,"
I " national Democracy;" and almost in the same
breath denounce the only truly national party in
the country as "Black Republicans," sectional-
ists and fanatics. Black Republicans! Who can
help admiring the taste of a party who, for the
want of argument to sustain their cause, resort to
the doubtful experiment of dealing in opprobri-
ous epithets? "Black Republicans!" Sir, let
the party whose very existence is shrouded by
the "black" pall of Egyptian night, first wash
out the " black" stains of its own pollution before
it deals out contemptuous, reproachful terms upon
its neighbors.
Mr. Chairman, before closing my remarks, I
desire to notice another charge of a more serious
character brought against the Republican party.
The members of this party are charged with
being " disunionists." Never was there a charge
more unfounded, more untrue. I call upon gen-
tlemen who make this groundless assumption
to bring out your proof, or " back out." But it
was said, on this floor, prior to the organization
of this House, that the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts, who with so much ability
and impartiality presides over our legislative
deliberations, upon a certain occasion said, there
" might come a contingency when he should be
willing to let the Union slide;" and almost any
amount of holy horror was expressed by the
administration members of the House over this
rumor.
Now, sir, supposing the honorable Speaker
did make this remark—which I do not admit— it
is no threat of disunion; it expresses no desire for
disunion; and it never can be tortured into the
expression of a sentiment favorable to the disso-
lution of the Union under any contingency. I
defy any gentleman to point me to a single Repub-
lican convention in any part of the country, that
has ever been holden, where anything like dis-
union sentiments have been uttered. These
charges of disunion against the Republican party,
or any of its members, when investigated and
Weighed in the balance of truth, will all disappear,
like the "baseless fabric of a vision." Neither
is there anything in the political opinions or
Slatform of the Republican party, that tends to a
isruption of these States. We revere the Con-
stitution, and live up to all its obligations; and
when we are charged with disloyalty to this
great charter of freedom, we hurl back tne charge
and deny the ftnpeachment.
But who makes these charges against the Re-
publican party ? What political organization
stands up to charge the Republicans of this coun-
try With political treason ? It is the so-called
Democratic party that has done it, and is now
doing it. Sir, this issue has been forced upon us,
and we accept it. We will not only act on the
defensive, but we " carry the war into Africa."
How stands the Nebraska Democracy upon this
question)
I have some recollection about a southern con-
vention at Nashville, in June, 1850. I do not say
for what purpose this meeting was called. I will
let Colonel Trotti, a delegate from South Caro-
lina to sayl convention, give his understanding of
the matter, by giving an extract of a speech made
by him at the meeting at wb h he was chosen.
