1212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
S. Bayiess, Thomas Tigar, John Cumstock, 9
G. Schryock, D. K. Pershing, T. Keyes,W. L.
La Runge, and G. W. Spitten. Of their char-
acter, reputation, and standing I know npthing.
X presume they are known to yourself, Mr. Pres-
ident, as prominent, and worthy, and honorable
citizens of your own State.
He represents William J. Fisher, Ira J. Fenn,
J. L. Thompson, W. B. Sweet, Theodore Perry,
and E. A. Whipple, of the State of Illinois, and
constituting the board of directors of this road
in that State, gentlemen unknown to me; but I
presume their character and standing may receive
the indorsement of the Senators from that State.
He represents upon this occasion Messrs. S.
Townsend, J. M. Herrick, John Bird, John Bell,
J. W. Isett, H. F. Cleaver, Mark Davison, Nor-
man Emerson, and William L. Toole, directors
of this road in Iowa. I presume many, if not all,
these gentlemen are well known to the honorable
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] whoso, in-
dorsement they may have as honorable, worthy,
and upright men, engaged in a commendable en-
terprise, who are entitled to be heard when an
application is* made to Congress for aid in favor
of the construction of this road, and more espe-
cially when Congress is appealed to for aid in the
construction of two other roads lying within fifteen
miles on each side of them, and absorbing all
the public lands within their reach, and thus do
priving them of all possibility of receiving any
aid from the Government in behalf of their enter-
prise.
I presume these gentlemen will be regarded as
of sufficient character jn the country where they
reside to entitle them to a respectful hearing,
when they present themselves in a respectful
manner, and in respectful language, through then-
president and agent, Mr. Schenck, and ask to be
heard. They hava invested their property to the
amount of $300,000, and have committed their
honor to this work. Will you not say, then,
that they are entitled to a respectful hearing,
especially when you may have been inadvertently
and unwittingly betrayed into the passage of a
bill, the character and effect of which you knew
nothing about—in regard to the actual nature and
character of which you were misinformed at the
time, however unintentionally it may have born?
After the suggestions which wore made yester-
day by my friend from Tennessee, in regaid to
the interference of Mr. Schenck in this matter, I
owe it to him to make a statement in explanation
of his course. Immediately after this bill passed
the House of Representatives, he came to me in
this Chamber, and told me of its passage. Know-
ing that I was a member of the Committee on
Public Lands, and that that was the appropriate
committee for its reference, he inquired of me
when that committee would have a witting, and
stated that he desired to be heard before them in
behalf of this road. I assumed that, as a matter
of course, a measure of this importance would
be referred to the appropriate committee without
any hesitation. I supposed that no question
would be raised about it. I did not imagine that;
all the ordinary proceedings of legislative practice j
were to be overridden and disregarded in respect j
to an important measure of this character, and 1
invadingprivate rights as well as public interests, 1
as this bill does. I told him when our next \
meeting would be held, and I said that it was!
due to him, and to the interests which he repre- |
sented, to have a hearing before the committee. '
I so advised him. I immediately went to my
colleagues on the committee—the chairman, the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] and the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii]—and they acqui-
esced in it, and assented to his appearanec before
the committee to make a statement of the facts
having relation to the interests of the companies
which he represented.
Under that assurance from the committee, he
left the Senate Chamber, and I did not, see him
again until after this bill passed the Senate. It
came up unexpectedly, was put on its passage, and
urged through immediately, A reference was re-
fused upon the ground that the subject was thor-
oughly understood by the Senate; that it had been
considered over and over again, that it was iden-
tical with abiil that had twice or three times passed
this body; that it was in accordance with the
recommendations of the committee at previous
sessions. Now you find this to be a mistake. It
is an entirely different bill, proposing entirely
different routes; leaving out one road prayed for
by the Legislature of Iowa, and contained in the
former bill introduced by General Dodge, and
inserting others never asked for by that Legisla-
ture, and never inserted into any other bill.
Sir, I submit that Mr. Schenck has only acted
as a just and faithful agent, representing the great
interests committed to his charge. He has pre-
sented himself in the memorial which has been
read at your table in respectful terms, represent-
ing to us what we had done, and what we had in
fact done unadvisedly, without consideration, and
upon a misapprehension of facts really existing
in this case.
When the bill was under consideration on
Friday last, the honorable Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] stated that he was in favor of this
air-line road; that it was regarded as an import-
ant public interest in his State, but that he should
oppose the introduction of it into this bill; that
he would not consent to any amendment which
would require the return of the bill to the House
of Representatives for fear of its final loss. He
admitted the importance of the measure, and
stated that, if an independent bill was introduced
providing for this air-line road, he would vote for
it most cheerfully. The answer to this is, that
by the passage of the present bill you authorize
the construction of two southern lines of road
lying upon either side of this air-line road, within
the range of fifteen miles, taking up the alternate
sections of all the public domain through which
they run, and leaving not one foot of land for this
road.
Again, by the passage of this bill granting the
bonus of the Government to the two southern
roads, you will have, if they should be con-
structed, two roads within thirty miles of each
other, running parallel through the State of Iowa
for the length of three hundred miles. Is there
anybody in the world, or any company of indi-
viduals, or any State government, that would ever
authorize, cncourage, or countenance the con-
struction of a third road parallel with these, and
between them, thus erecting three roads within
the breadth of thirty miles throughout the length
of the State of Iowa? It would be an imputation
on the common sense of Congress, or of any State
government, to suppose that any such thing would
ever be authorized. If the Central aniline road
is an important work, as is admitted by the Sen-
ator from Illinois, and if it ought to be counte-
nanced , and to receive the aid of the Government,
I beg you, by every consideration of justice, not
to lull it, as you will do most effectually and most
certainly, by the passage ot this bill.
Mr. President, 1 owe an apology to the Senate
for these disconnected and desultory remarks.
My attention was called to the facts which I have
stated, and the documentary evidence of them was
placed in my hands yesterday morning after I had
taken my seat. I had not ten minutes of time to
digest and arrange them in proper form. Now,
my proposition is this—I submit it to the sense
of justice and fairness of every member of this
body—that the vote by which the bill was passed
be reconsidered—that the vote ordering it to a
third reading be reconsidered, and then that it be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands for
examination, giving a hearing to all parties inter-
ested in this and connecting roads. Everybody
must admit this to be a just, and fair, and reason-
able proposition, which it would be wrong to deny.
If the Senate, however, should refuse to refer the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands, I desire to
have an opportunity to offer an amendment which
I am now about to suggest, which I am author#
lzed to present, and which I undertake to say will
reconcile all these conflicting interests, and do
wrong to nobody. My amendment is to strike
out, the words
"Fiom Builington, on the Mississippi river, to a point on
the Missoun river, neai the mouth or'the Platte nver; from
tiie city of Davenport, via Iowa City and Fort Des Moines,
to Council Bluffs."
This will strike out the two southern lines of
road indicated in the bill; and then I propose to
insert m lieu of them, after the word' 'Burlington,"
the words :
And Toole's Landing, on the Mississippi river; and from
Iowa City to a common point of junction at or near Oska-
loo&a, and from O&kaloosu to Council Bluffs, by such route
as the Legislature of the State may determine.55
The two southern roads now laid down in the
bill run, one from Burlington to the mouth of the
Platte river, and the other from Davenport, via
Iowa City and Fort Des Moines, to Council Bluffs,
on the Missouri liver. These two roads lie south
of the others provided for in the bill, and with
which we do not propose to meddle, although
they are different from what the Legislature of
Iowa have asked for, and different from those
contained in the former bill which the Senate
passed. We ask you, then, to strike out these
two southern roads, and to substitute in their
stead one road, with a branch from Burlington
and a branch from Davenport, meeting at a com-
mon point at or near Oskaloosa, and then run-
ning upon a common trunk line to Council Bluffs.
If the line already indicated by the central road
be not satisfactory to the State of Iowa, they will
be at liberty to change it by this amendment—to
run it up to Fort Des Moines, or further south,
or to vary the location as they may judge best
and proper.
By this amendment you interfere with no ex-
isting rights. You provide Davenport with the
facilities of a railroad, which she now already
enjoys, by extending the road—not down to Mus-
catine, as the old bill contemplated, but by way
of Iowa City, and from that point diverging
southward, until it strikes the central road at or
near Oskaloosa. At the same time, you interfere
with no right and no interest of the citizens of
Burlington, for you give them a branch from their
town, northwestwardly, until it strikes the cen-
tral line of road at the same common point with
the branch from Davenport. From this common
point they will both unite on one main trunk hue
to the Missouii liver.
I submit to the Senators from Iowa that this
proposition does entire justice to all parties, and
to all interests, and conflicts with no one's rights.
T submit it, Senators, to your sense of justice
and propriety, that this amendment ought to be
adopted; at all events, that you should reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed so incon-
siderately, and under such an erroneous impres-
sion as to the state of facts, and the nature and
character of the bill. You should at least recon-
sider it, and let it go to the Committee on Public
Lands, and undergo an investigation. Let all
parties interested be heard; let these conflicting
interests be reconciled if they can be. If they
can be reconciled, is it not better for them, for the
State of Iowa, for the public at large, that they
should be reconciled? That they can be, I have
no manner of doubt, if you will only give us the
opportunity. "With this amendment the bill will
provide for douations of alternate sections of
the public lands for the construction of three
great lines of railroad through the entire length
of Iowa, cast and west, three hundred miles, and
all within a breadth of one hundred miles. Let
this bill, involving, as it does, sncha vast amount
of property, and so many and varied interests,
be fully and carefully considered in all its bear-
ings; let the parties interested come forward and
be heard before your comnuttcc; give them all a
fair hearing, and their claim a full consideration,
and whatever may be the ultimate result it will
be more satisfactory to all parties concerned, more
satisfactory to the country, and more satisfactory
to ourselves.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Can the Senator from
Vermont tell me how far the road for which he
contends has been made from Fort Wayne, In-
diana, westward?
Mr. FOOT. I do not know. I have not ex-
amined (for I do not regaid it as at all material to
this question) the state of the work, the progress
and construction of the connections of this road
in Illinois and Indiana. I did not regard that as
at all affccting this question.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Senator from Ver-
mont, in the outset, endeavored to demonstrate
to the Senate the futility of authorizing the con-
struction of four parallel roads, running from the
Mississippi to the Missouri rivers, through the
State of Iowa. Upon that proposition, if it had been
submitted to us in the beginning, I do not know
that I should have differed with him very much;
but the Senator has made a very great mistake in
saying that there are four roads provided for m
this bill, running parallel through the State of
Iowa from the Mississippi to the Missouri river.
There are four roads starting from the Missis-
sippi river, as I remarked the other day; but the
