476
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 1,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Policy of the Republican Party—Mr. Perry.
Ho. of Reps.
It may be found in the National Intelligencer, in
June, 1850. Ho says in giving his own views:
'■That convention should say to the non-slaveliolding
States, the South will maintain her rights and equality in
the Cnioit, orsAe trill dissolve it."
In this convention figured several distinguished
gentlemen of the Democratic party. One of the
resolutions there adopted declares—
•- That the slaveholding States cannot and will not sub-
mit to the enactment by Congress of any law imposing
onerous conditions and restraints upon the rights of masters
to remove with their property into the Territories of the
United States."
I think a majority of the meeting, after getting
together, were opposed to takingany violent meas-
ures to bring about a rupture with the General
I The Democratic State convention of Alabama,
before referred to, in their fourth resolution de-
clare: j
" That any interference by Congress/or the prevention of
slavery in any of the Territories, would be an inexcusable
and unconstitutional infringement of the rights of the
South, which, it is the deliberate sense of this convention,
it would he the tltuy of the people of Alabama to resist even
to a disruption of the ties that bind this state to
the Union !"
This is the party which taunts the Republicans
with the charge of " disunion." Let this party
first" cast the beam out of its own eye," before \
it undertakes to "cast the mote out of its brother's
eye." |
Where can you find a Republican convention
Government; yet Governor Foote, of Mississippi, passing resolves deliberately threatening to "dis-
in a speech in the United States Senate, July 18, j, solve the Union" if the particular measures of
1850, says:
" That there were disunionists there, (though I regret to
acknowledge it.) is a fact which cannot be denied, Cor several
gentlemen who acted a prominent part in the convention
are understood to have unturied the li g of disunion since
the convention adjourned.''—Appendix Cong. Globe, vol.
23, p. 1330.
Hon. Jefferson Davis, now Secretary of War,
in a speech in the United States Senate, June 27,
1850, when speaking of " disunion," said:
" It is an alternative not to be anticipated—one to which
I could look forward to as the last resort; but it is one, let
me soy, which imier certain contingencies I am trilling to
meet; and I leave my constituents to judge when that con-
tingency arrives."—Co*g. Globe.
- I could go on and read from speeches of emi-
nent gentlemen of the Democratic party, in times
past, in which they make direct threats to dis-
solve the Union; "but I will only read two or
the party are not adopted, or if the legislation of
the country shall not nappen to conform to their
notions of constitutional law? Sir, we hear a
great deal of boasting about " National Demo-
crats"—"National iJemocracy." These terms
mean nothing but this: a party that is in favor of
spreading slavery into free territory. Again, we
hear gentlemen declaiming loud and long about
our " constitutional obligations," which, when
being truly interpreted, mean " catching runaway
negroes."
i Then, again, we hear the Republican party
! denounced as Black Republicans, Disunionists,
! Abolitionists. Very well, we understand why these
; reproachful terms are applied to the Republicans.
! It is simply because they believe in the doctrines
of the Declaration of Independence, that the Con-
three extracts from speeches madefy Democrats ' f ^0" Cfmbo?ieS the Sr,eat Principles of personal
uestion°'' COntaini"S their °pini°nS UP°n j; timeionored platform oF&ashingXTof Jeffer
An honorable member from South Carolina, || of Frankllf  of Langdon, of Madison, and
[Mr. Brooks,] in a debate in this House on the j £ * fat^ S"u' C?U'1 the father of
24th of December last, said: hts Countiy auake from the tomb, and leave the
«e i ~ u ^ ; quiet retreats of his own Mount Vernon, and his
"The gentleman from Massachusetts has announced to gtate]y form ^ revisit the national Capitol
aid in making it slide."
Another honorable member from Virginia,
[Mr. McMcllin,] in a debate in this House on
the 20th of December last, said:
" One of the greatest misfortunes of the country. Mr. Clerk,
is the fact that our northern brethren mistake the character
of the South. They suppose that the southern disunionists
are confined to the Calhoun wing of the Democratic party.
That, sir, is the greatest error that the people of the North
liave ever fallen into. And I tell you, sir, and I want the
country to know it—I want the gentlemen from the free
States, our Republicans, our Seward Republicans, our
Abolitionists, or whatever else you may lie called, to know
it—that if you restore tbe Missouri compromise, or repeal
the fugitive slave law, this Union willbe dissolved.
" If the Government goes into the bands of the North, into
the hands of the Republican party, of tbe Abolition party 
for I like to call things by their true names—I say if the
Government of the country goes into the hands of the Abo-
lition ists of the North, and they either repeal the fugitive
slave law or restore the Missouri compromise, I tell the
House, and I tell the country, that there will then be union
at tbe South upon this question."
The same gentleman goes on still further to say:
" And let me ask gentlemen from the North, if this Union
is dissolved, who holds your National Capitol! But let me
say to gentlemen of the North, you cannot get possession of
this National Capitol.
" The Capitol now belongs to no section. It belongs alike
to North, South, East, and West. But, sir, it was erected
upon slave territory, and if the hand of disunion shall ever
sever the States of this Republic, you shall never take pos- j
session of it while I occupy my seat as a Representative i
upon this floor. And more, *1 tell them that when the North |
and the South sever the connection which now binds them
together, the North will never take possession of this Capitol
unless they pass over my dead body." .
- The gentleman says this Capitol was erected
upon slave territory; and, in case of a dissolution,
-?e j^or'h any part of the public plunder,
while he occupies a seat, they will have to " pass
over his dead body." When I listened to this
remark, it brought " vividly to my recollection a
scene that was witnessed in this same slavehold-
ing territory," in August, 1814, when a handful
of British soldiers and sailors, after spending
about a month upon the waters of the Chesapeake,
landed, and, dragging their three pieces of artil-
lery up by hand, over this same " slaveholding
territory," applied the torch to the Capitol,
reduced it to a heap of smouldering ruins, and
after destroying our library and publityurchives)
leisurely reem barked, and quietly saileaaway to
other scenes of apteratj on.
now reposes amid the solitudes of Monticello,
and again mingle with the living, they would
both be denounced by this same Democratic party
with contumelious opprobriums; they would both
be denounced as Black Republicans, Abolition-
ists, traitors to this great Republic, which their
wisdom and patriotism founded.
Mr. Chairman, we are gravely told, in this
House and other places, that if the Democratic
party are defeated in the next presidential elec-
tion, and the Republican party elect their candi-
date to the presidential chair, the Union will be
dissolved. Let me say to gentlemen on the other
side of the House, not tauntingly, but respect-
fully, in the face of your threat, we shall beat you
if we can. If we succeed, (as I trust in God wo
shall,) then I say again, not to menace, but to
warn you, Dissolve this glorious Union if you dare
do it. You have practiced this same game too
long—you have " dissolved the Union" <oomany
times before to disturb the repose or unsettle the
nerves of the intelligent, patriotic citizens of these
thirty-one States. Gentlemen, " Othello's occu-
pation's gone." Your thundering gasconade,
that the "Union will be dissolved," has died
away in harmless accents, and ceases to alarm
even the fearful and timid. But, if gentlemen
really desire to dissolve the Union, why not do
something besides talk and threaten ? Why not
begin—why not try the fearful experiment? You
need not wait a day on the account of the Repub-
lican party. We are as willing to meet you now
as at any future time, and settle this question, if
you want to try it. Yes, gentlemen, we will
meet you upon this question whenever and where
ever you present it. The Republicans of these
United States, upon this issue, have but one flag,
the "stars and stripes." Not one star upon its
floating folds will they; ever see bedimmed or
blotted out—not one stripe disfigured by the law-
less hand of treason. They have butone motto—
the motto transmitted to the American people by
the immortal Jackson, " The Union—it must be
preserved;" and, like the old hero of the Her-
mitage, they are, every man of them, ready to
"swear by the Eternal" it shall never perish at
the hands of any party North or South.
. A friend some weeks fjnee pljaced in my han'di
a pamphlet, containing the speeches by the dis-
| tinguished Senator from California, Mr. Wel-
ler, and of three distinguished gentlemen belong-
ing to this House—Colonel Orr of South Caro-
lina, ex-Speaker Cobb of Georgia, and General
Lane of Oregon—made in Concord, New Hamp-
shire, prior to the last election in that State. Col-
onel Orr near his closing remarks is reported to
have said:
, " Roll back this swelling tide of Republicanism. If you
desire to save the Union, you must overwhelm it."
I This sounds very much like Caleb Cushing's
"crushing out." The distinguished gentleman
calls upon his political friends to " overwhelm
Republicanism." Yes, gentlemen, if you "de-
sire to save the Union, you must overwhelm it."
Buthow did the descendants of" Molly Stark,"
the un terrified yeomanry of the glorious old
| granite State, respond to this call. Who was
j " overwhelmed" in New Hampshire? Was it
I the " swelling tide of Republicanism ?" No, sir !
No, sir! It was "sectional Democracy"—the
legions of the forlorn hope of all that remains of
; that once honored and respectable party, led on
I by General Pierce—that was " overwhelmed."
| The honest people of that patriotic State " over-
whelmed" them, buried them up, and with the
funereal rites perished the last fading hopes of
Franklin Pierce of a reelection to the Presidency.
Who was "overwhelmed" in Rhode Island a
few weeks since, and who in Connecticut a few
days since ? Was it the " swelling tide of Repub-
licanism?" No, sir; it was this same "sectional
Democracy"—a party that has gone so far South
that it has even lost sight of the " North star."
But, again, the Republicans are denounced as
; "Agitators! Agitators!!" Sir, who began this
agitation? The very party who now denounce
it. \es, gentlemen Democrats, you fired "the
faggot pile," and now, when its roaring flames
send their ghastly, lurid glare in every direction
all over the whole Union, you turn round and
denounce your innocent neighbor with incendi-
arism, when you yourselves applied the smoking
torch. You have raised the wind, now you must
" ride the whirlwind."
But what party continues agitation upon the
slavery question ? Who sends message after
message into both Houses of Congress, falsifying
the great truths of history—denouncing the peo-
ple of the free States, falsely charging them with
numerous derelictions of duty? Who sends Gov-
ernors to Kansas to enforce the brutal laws of a
bogus Legislature upon the squatter sovereigns
of that Territory? What party is now moving
heaven and earth to force slavery into Kansas
against the will of the people of that devoted Ter-
ritory, and in direct violation of an old compact
to which both sections of the Union were a party ?
I leave the people and the country to answer these
questions.
Mr. Chairman, we are deliberately told by the
Administration party, that if the Missouri com-
promise is restored and Katisas made free—that
if the old compact of 1820 is substantially carried
out—it "will be an end of the Union." You
make the issue, gentlemen, we accept it. It is a
part of the mission of the Republican party to
make Kansas a free State; and gentlemen on the
other side of the House have chosen Kansas as
the great battle-ground of freedom, and there we
meet you. The designs and purposes of the Re-
publican party upon this vital question are like
the " laws of the Medes and Persians," unalter-
able. Our southern brethren, more than thirty
years ago, for a consideration paid in hand, sol-
emnly agreed that the vast and fertile regions of
j Kansas and Nebraska should forever he free ter-
i ritory; and we mean to hold you to the contract.
_ The great Republican party has taken its posi-
tion. Its banner has been unfurled, and now
proudly floats in the breezes of heaven, while upon
its folds are inscribed in golden capitals of living
light NO MORE EXTENSION" OP THE FOOT-PRINTS
OP SLAVERY INTO PftEE TERRITORY. Around this
banner are rallying the patriotic from all sections
in the Union.
But one spirit animates the great army of free-
dom. Their watchword is "Onward! Onward!"
their battle cry the soul-stirring words of the im-
mortal Henry—" Give me liberty, or give ma
death."
