mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 13,
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
.The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the votes by which the House had passed
upon the Senate's amendments, and also moved
to lay the motion lo reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
^LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 now ask that the Senate
amendments to the legislative, executive, and
judicial appropriation pi}l may be considered at
this time. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend that the House concur in certain
amendments of the Senate, some with, and some
without, amendment, and non-concur in others.
Mr. STANTON. Does my colleague pro-
pose that these amendments shall be disposed
of without being considered in Committee of the
Whole?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have asked the unani-
mous consent of the House for that purpose.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, called for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
101, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Hcndley S. Bennett,
Bowie, Branch, Broorn, Burnett, Cadivalader, James II.
Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis 1). Campbell, Cm hie,
Canuhers, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Chngman. Howell Cobb,
Williamson It. W. Cobb, Coniina, Cox, Craige, David-son,
Henry Winter Davis, Day, Denver, Dowdeli, Durfee, Ed-
wards, English, Ethendge, Kustis, Evans, Faulkner, Fioi-
ence, Henry M< Fuller, Thomas J. I). Fuller, Greenwood,
J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Heibert,
Hickman, Hoffman, Houston, Geoige W. Jones, Kennett,
Kidwell, Letcher, Lmdley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McMullin, Mcuueen, Smith Miller, Miilward, Mordecai
Oliver, Orr, Peck, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Quit-
man, Ready, Ricaud, RicharcUon, Rivers, liuffin, Rust,
ganaidge. Savage, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William It. Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Swope,
Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood,
Vail, Valk, Walker, Watkins, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney,
Williams, Winslow, Wood, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wright, and Zolliooffer—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bdhnghurst, Bishop, Bliss, Bocock, Brad-
shaw, Brenton, Buftinton, Clavvaon, Colfax, Covode,
Cragin, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Dean,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Edi«, Einne, Flagler, Galloway, Gid-
dinga, Gilbert, Goode, Granger, Grow, Ilarlan, Hol'loway,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, flowaid, IHi'rlis-
ton, Kelsey, Knight, Knowlton, Knov, Kunkol, Loner,
Mattoson, McCarty, Killiari Miller, Mdison, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Mott, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parko, Pen
nington, Perry, Peilit, Pike, Prmglc, Pmviance, Ritchie,
Jtobbms, Roberts, Sat^e, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Thormgton, Todd, Tiatron,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Warner, Cadwal-
ader C. Washbume, Ellihu 13. Washbume, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, Woodruff', and Woodworth—88.
So the House refused to suspend the rules for
the purpose indicated.
Pending the above call,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, said: Mr. Speaker, I
am requested to state that my colleague, Mr.
Crawford, who is prevented by illness from at-
tendance on the session of the House, has paired
off with Mr. Sabin.
Mr. NICHOLS stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Stephens, who was indisposed, and
had to leave the Hall.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the bill making-
appropriations for thp executive, legislative, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1857, with the amend-
ments of the Senate thereto, be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now move the usual
resolution, that all debate in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the bill and
amendments of the Senate be closed within five
minutes after their consideration shall be resumed.
The resolution was adopted.
^r* ?"^^I?I1ELL. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
union.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion until 1 report back from the
Committee on Naval Affairs the Senate bill to
promote the efficiency of the Navy.
Ml CAMPBELL. I cannot withdraw my
motio# The gentleman voted against consider-
ing in the House the Senate amendments to the
legislative, executive, and judicial appropriation
bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. "Washburn, of Maine, in the chair.)
Mr. CAMPBELL. Mr. Chairman, I move
that the committee take up and proceed to the
consideration of the amendments of the Senate to
the legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
proceeded to consider the said amendments.
Fiist amendment of the Senate:
Inseit as follows:
Officer charged with the disbursements of the Senate,
$480.
Chief clerk, $2,500.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment with an amendment to strike out the
words, "officer charged with the disbursements
of the Senate, $480."
The amendment of the Committee of "Ways
and Means was agreed to; and then the Senate
amendment as amended was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Insert in clause making appropriations for the expenses
of the Senate:
Clerk of the Committee on Finance, $1,850.
Cloik of printing recoids, §J,669 02.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means rccommend a concurrence in the
amendment with an amendment to strike out the
words, " clerk of printing records, $1,6G9 02."
The amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means was agreed to; and the amendment of
the Senate as amended was concurred in.
Third amendment:
Strike out, in the paragraph <{for compensation of the
officers, clerks, messengers, and others, receiving an
annual salary m the service of the Senate, viz., &c.,
$69,484," the words " $69,484," and in heu thereof in.seit
"$75,9tt3 02."
Mr. CAMPBELL. In order to make the
amendment of the Senate accord with those al-
ready adopted, I move to strike out " §75,983,"
and m lieu thereof insert " $73,834."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the Senate amendment as amended was
concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
Strike out, in the paragraph " for Congressional Globe,
and binding the same, $3,1)00,the words " $3,000," and m
lieu thcieot insert " $72,651.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. FLAGLER. I would inquire whether
the Committee of Ways and Means have recom-
mended a concurrence in the appropriation of
$12,000 for stationery for Senators ? It gives the
Senators four or five times more stationery than
members of this House receive.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The paragraph referred
to is not an amendment of the Senate, but a por-
tion of the bill as sent by this House to the Sen-
ate.
Fifth amendment:
Page 3, line seventeen. Stnke outu $8,000/' and insert
<l including the usual extia compensation to the reporters
of the Senate, $10,400;" so as to make the clause read:
For i eportmg proceedings, including the usual extra com-
pensation to the reporters of the Senate, $10,400.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Add to the clause "For clerks to committees, pages,
police, horses, and carry-alls, $27,460," the following
proviso:
Provided, That the amount estimated for compensation
of the clerks to the Committees on Finance and Printing
be deducted therefrom.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Strike out the following clause:
For books voted to the members of the House of Kepte-
sentatives by the resolution of said House of July 7.1856.
$182,765 85.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move a pro forma amend-
ment. I hope the amendment of the Senate, to.
strike out this clause, will be adopted. It is now-
well understood that a large fraud is to be perpe-
trated upon the Treasury under this amendment,
butnotfor the benefit of those to whom the books
are voted. It has been reported in the newspapers,
of the country that the members of the House of
Representatives have voted in the neighborhood
of thirteen hundred dollars' worth of books to
each new member. Now, sir, that is not true.
The value of the books thus voted can in no event
exceed five or six hundred dollars; and I have
been informed this morning that the books whicfc
have been voted to members can actually be
bought for three hundred dollars, while the amount
charged to the Treasury for the same will be som&
thirteen hundred dollars—amounting in all to
$182,765 85. A few men outside of this House-
are to reap the benefit of this fraud to the extent
of at least ninety thousand dollars. I wish thia
matter understood; and while gentlemen upon the
opposite side of the House are exclaiming'against
the large expenditures of this Government, I wish*
to see who they are who will vote for such an
appropriation as is contemplated in this amend-
ment. I trust the amendment of the Senate will
be concurred in, and the provision stricken out,
Mr. PHELPS. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, for the purpose
of stating the condition of this matter; ana in con-
nection with it, I shall refer to the action of thi3
House upon another subject—I refer to the dis-
tribution of books ordered by this House, upon a
recorded vote, costing #75,000. That was the
work of Dr. Kane. I was opposed to it; and
when it passed this House, directing that amount
to be expended, the book was not published, and
perhaps wa£ not written.
Subsequently this House passed a joint reso-
lution, upon which we had another recorded vote,
directing the usual books to be distributed to the
new members of this Congress. That joint rero-
lntion went to the Senate, and has been returned
by them with certain amendments proposed to it,
by which a reduced number of books will be dis-
tributed in the event that the House concur in the
amendment of the Senate. I understand that the
amendment of the Senate was adopted, because
we proposed, by the resolution we passed, to dis-
tribute to the new members of this House, books
the editions of which have long since been ex*
hausted. Of one of those books—the American
State Papers—only one edition of one thousand
five hundred copies was ever printed.
Subsequently another resolution, simply a
House resolution, was passed, directing that
books, to the same extent as had been given to
members of former Congresses, should be dis-
tributed to the new members of this House; and
when we had under consideration the amend-
ment which is now in question, it was suggested
that, instead of placing the amount of $250,000 in
the contingent fund of the House, to be expended
by the Clerk for the purposes therein named, we
should appropriate this amount of money, naming
it, for the purpose of purchasing books for the
new members of this House, in pursuance of the
resolution adopted in July last. I proposed that,
feeling it to be my duty, as a member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, to carry out
the will of this House as expressed to us ny its
resolution. The Committee of Ways and Means
now recommcnd a non-concurrence in the amend-
ment of the Senate, because a resolution had
already been passed directing these books to be
distributed, and they feel it to be their duty to
carry out the will of the House.
I do not know what the particular amendment
is which is proposed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, but the proper time to have opposed the
matter now under consideration was when the
resolution was before the House. We had not at
that time the presence of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to assist those who were opposed
to the resolution to defeat it.
Mr. HiCKMAN, When the resolution to
