1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1213
northern roads, one from Lyons, and the other !
from Dubuque, are to run to some convenient
point on the same parallel—42£ degrees north
latitude—and from that point they are to run
together and terminate at Sioux City, on the
Missouri river.
Mr. President, I remarked, on a former occa-
sion, that most of the lands—indeed, I may say
all of the lands—upon these roads, for fifty or
perhaps sixty miles west of the Mississippi river,
have been sold by the Government of the United
States, and consequently the Government has no
land to grant to the Stare for that distance. The
only lands to be obtained for these roads will be
west of that portion of the State, and a large quan-
tity of the lands on each of these three roads west
of that fifty or sixty miles have also been sold;
so that these companies will get but a small pro-
portion of the alternate sections for the six miles
wide along the line of their roads.
When this bill came from the House of Rep-
resentatives the other day I sent to the House for
a printed copy of the bill. I, however, had had
a printed bill some ten or fifteen days before,
from the time when it was introduced into the
House, and had taken that bill to the President
of the United States for the purpose of consulting
him, to ascertain from him, if I could, whether
there were any provisions in it which would re-
quire from him a veto. The President refused
to look at the bill at all, and I came back to the
Senate. I had consulted with my colleagues in
the House of Rcpresentatives;and I am informed
this morning by the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands of that House, that this subject
was deliberately discussed and weighed by the
members of that committee; that they had con-
sulted the two Representatives from Iowa, and
that those two Representatives had conferred with
the Senators from their State, as to the propriety
of passing the bill which they did pass. It was
reported upon in the House of Representatives.
On several different days—I forget how many—
they attempted to pass it there. The determina-
tion in the committee was, that they would, on
introducing the bill, put it on its passage, and ask
for the previous question, so as to cut off debate,
because they believed that debate on that bill
would be almost certain to defeat it, as it had
always defeated every other similar bill except
the Illinois Central railroad bill and the bills for
Missouri and Arkansas.
As soon as the bill came from the House of
Representatives, I sent for a printed copy, and
took it to the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, [Mr. Stuart,] who sat then
by the side of the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs.] I showed it to him, and said to him:
" Mr. Chairman, I wish you would take this bill,
examine its provisions, and see whether there is
anything in it materially differing from the bills
wliich have heretofore been introduced and passed
in the Senate, granting land to the State of Iowa
for the construction of railroads." The Senator
took that bill in his hand; and in fifteen or twenty
minutes afterwards—perhaps thirty—he came to
me and said: " I have examined the bill; I think
that it is in conformity generally with the provis-
ions of the bills which we have passed making
grants to your State. I do not think there is any
necessity for referring it to the Committee on
Public tands; and when you choose to call it up
I will be with you in asking for its passage with-
out a reference." I also went to the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] and the Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Mallory,] and from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton,] members of the same committee; and they
told me that they had no desire to have the bill
referred to the committee. I should have gone
to the honorable Senator from Vermont if I hod
seen him in his place; and 1 should have asked
his consent to dispensing with the reference, with
the confident belief that he, like the other mem-
bers of the committee, would have no objection
to my calling up the bill in the Senate, and asking
for its passage, containing, as it did, provisions
precisely similar to those of bills heretofore delib-
erately considered and passed upon by the Senate
of the United States on two or three occasions.
The Senator from Vermont says, that we have
disregarded the instructions of the Legislature
of our State in procuring the passage of this bill.
Here are the statutes of my State, beginning with
die year 1848, before I was elected to the Senate,
instructing the Senators when elected, and request-
ing the Representatives, who were then chosen and
in their scats in the House, to vote for a bill
making a grant of land for a road from Dubuque
to Keokuk, and one from Davenport, on the Mis-
sissippi river, to Council Bluffs, on the Missouri
river, or Kanesville, as it was then called, its
name having since been changed to Council
Bluffs. The bills were introduced. I introduced
one myself, and my former colleague, General A.
C. Dodge, introduced the other. 1 presented the
bill for a grant of land for a road from Keokuk
to Dubuque, and he, that for a grant of land for
the road from Davenport to the Missouri river.
I will read the joint resolution of the Legisla-
ture of my State for procuring a grant of land
from Congress:
Resolved, by the General Assembly of the State of Iowa,
That our Senators when elected be instructed, and our
Repiosentatives m Congress be requested, to piocare from
the Government of the lTnited States a grant of land to
aid :n thecoma uction of a radioad from Davenport, by way
of tovva City, Monroe City, Racoon Forks now called Fort
Des Moines, to some point near Council Bluff*, on the Mis-
souri rivei, in this State.'''
Mr. FOOT. What is the date of that resolu-
tion ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. January 24, 1848. I
have read it from the statutes of the State of Iowa,
which my colleague, at my request, yesterday
procured from the State Department, \ believe.
I find also a resolution of the Legislature, passed
January 20, 1849, in regard to the Dubuque and
Keokuk railroad. It is not worth while to read it.
Tf instructs us to procure a grant of land for the
railroad from Dubuque to Keokuk, in Lee county,
in the State of Iowa. Here is another resolution
in regard to the Davenport and Council Bluffs
railroad, which was adopted December 29, 1848:
'• Resolved, by the General Assembly of the State of Iowa,
That the Hon. A C, Dodge, and G. \V Junes, out Senators
and the Hon. Shephcid Leflior, and William Thompson,
our Representatives in Congie-s, be requested to im; their
influence to procure from the Government of the United
States a grant of land to aid in the construction of a \ail-
load fioni Davenpoit, via Blooinmgton. Iowa city, and Fort
Dcs Moines, to some suitable point near the Council Bluffs,
on the Missouri aver."
Mr. FOOT. I desire the Senator to give the
dates of these various resolutions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I did give the date.
Mr. FOOT. I beg the Senator's pardon; I did
not hear it.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. This resolution was
passed December 29, 1848. I said, before, that
we procured the passage of the bill for those roads
through the Senate; but it was defeated m the
House of Representatives. At the next session
of our Legislature—February 4, 1851—they sent
another memorial, praying Congress to make a
grant of Hnd for a road from Burlington to Fort
Dos Moines, with a branch to Keosaqua, in Van
Buren county.
I also find a resolution asking for a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad from
Burlington and Keokuk to the Missouri river.
When we were defeated in these propositions
which I have named, and when the Legislature
was assembled again, the people of Burlington,
and the people residing between Burlington (on
the Missouri river) and the mouth of the Platte
river, petitioned the Legislature to send instruc-
tions to their Senators and Representatives, and,
accordingly, the following instructions were given
to us:
Youi memorialists, the General Assembly of the State
of Towa, respectfully represent, that the gicat interests of
the State of Iowa, and of the nation at large, will be greatly
advanced hv the construction of a railroad 1'ioni the city of
Buihngton "and the city of Keokuk to some convenient
point ot junction northeast of the Des Moines river, thence,
on the most feasible route,to a point on the Missomi rivei,
at or near the mouth of the Platte river."
They proceed to argue the propriety of making
this road. Another memorial adopted at the last
session of the Legislature of our State prayed for
a grant of land for a road from a point opposite
Prairie du Chien, (McGregor's Landing,) on the
Mississippi river, which is about thirty-six miles
north of Dubuque, to the mouth of the Big Sioux
river, which is the location of Sioux City, so that
the northern road provided for in this Bill would
have been provided for m that bill if it had been
passed.
Mr. President, the Senator from Vermont has
not shown, m my opinion, that there has been
one particle of work or one dollar of money ex-
pended on the construction of the Philadelphia,
Fort Wayne, and Platte river air-line road, as it
id-called. I say it has not been shown, nor do I
believe that it can be shown, that any money has
been expended on this air-line railroad. I said
the other day that it was no more than an " air
line." I do not believe that they ever expected
that they could or would construct this road from
Philadelphia, or even from Fort Wayne, through
the States of Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa, by way
of Toolsboro', to the Missouri river. I say so,
because the people of Iowa, through their Legis-
lature, and by petitions to Congress, prayed that
grants of land might be made for other roads, one
from Davenport, via Muscatine, to the Missouri
river, and another from Burlington to the Missouri
river. From the Burlington road it was pro-
posed also to have a branch to Keokuk. I will ex-
plain to the Senate why the Senators and Repre-
sentatives of Iowa have agreed to omit a provision
for the Keokuk and Dubuque road. It is simply
because, in my opinion, every acre of land on
the line of that road has been sold by the Govern-
ment. Why should the Senators and Represent-
atives of that State now comc forward and present
the preposterous proposition to Congress to make
a grant of land for the road from Dubuque (my
residence) to Keokuk, when the lands on the
route are all disposed of, and the money for them
paid into the coffers of the Government? I never
felt more anxiety for any proposition before Con-
gress than I have for that proposing to make a
grant of land for the benefit of Keokuk. 1 will
continue to exert myself for such a grant—my
colleague of the House of Representatives from
that district having introduced, upon consulta-
tion with me, a biil for that purpose.
Mr. President, great stress lias been placed by
the Senator from Vermont on our neglect of Mus-
catine, and on our disregarding the rights of her
j people. The rights of these people have not been
! disregarded. Muscatine is not mentioned m this
bill,for the simple reason that the Mississippiuud
Missouri River Railroad Company, for the con-
struction of-a road from Davenport to the Mis-
souri river, have already,with their own money,
and their own means, aided of course by Mus-
catine, provided for and constructed a railroad
from Davenport to Iowa City, with a branch from
Davenport to Muscatine, connecting twelve miles
north of Muscatine with the road which runs
from Davenport. They have not only provided
for it, but the road is constructed, and the cars
are running each way two or three times a day
on it at this time, and ever since the 1st of Jan-
uary last. Why, therefore, should the Senators
and Representatives of Iowa ask Congress to
! make a grant of land for this road when it is
' already provided for?
i Two million five hundred thousand dollars have
; been expended in the construction of the road
; from Davenport westward. The bridge across
the Mississippi river, which is east of Davenport,
and which is one of the most splendid structures
of the kind in the world, has cost the company
I $400,000. This company has made a contract
; for the construction of a bridge across the Iowa
! river, the eosf of which is to be $75,000. They
i have had a survey made of two roads, one from
! Iowa City, by the way of Fort Des Moines, which
I has recently been selected for the future seat of
j government of the State, and the other from Osk-
! aloosa to the Missouri river. The grading is
! already commenced, and the contracts aie made
for the continuation of the road from Muscatine
; toOskaloosa, on the very line of the road proposed
! to be built by the Senator from Vermont.
| Muscatine, therefore, has been provided for.
; The people of Burlington have commenced their
^ railroad; the cars are running on it for twelve
i miles; the grading is done forty miles further west
I to the residence of my colleague, Mount Pleas-
I ant, in Henry county, through the most populous
• and wealthy portion of the "Stato of Iowa, upon
; the line of which the people have not only pledged
| the credit of the towns and counties, but have
i subscribed and paid in large sums of money; and
now the proposition i? made to us to take from
1 these roads which have expended millions of
! dollars—not hundreds of thousands of dollars—
, the lands granted by this bill to aid in their com-
1 pleuon, as is said of this " air" concern. The
largest figure which is brought forward is <£300,000
' expended, on the air-line road. Ours is not less
; than §4,000.000 expended on the two roads run-
