1214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
ning from Davenport and Burlington, for which
this bill now makes provision; whilst the northern
road from Dubuque has already expended quite
as much, and will, when the first link of thirty
miles shall have b en completed in November next,
as per contract, pay up the balance, amounting
to #1,100,000.
The Senator has said that he could see no peti-
tions for the roads which are embraced in this
bill, and to which I have adverted. Here they
are—not by twenties or thirties, but by the thou-
sand; and they are from those whom I called the
Other day the bona fide citizens of the State of
Iowa—not the citizens of Illinois, or of Indiana,
or of Ohio, whose names were attached to peti-
tions and sent to Iowa to be forwarded to the
Senators and Representatives here, asking them
to go for what the Legislature of Iowa has not
requested. I know something of this matter, as
it has been the subject of my thoughts and my
actions here and in Iowa for the last ten years.
Mr. FOOT. The Senator will allow me to
make a word of explanation. He does not, I am
sure, intentionally impute to me language or as-
sertions w^iich I never used. lie mistook me if
he supposed or understood me to say that there
were no petitions—no memorials from Iowa, or
elsewhere, in favor of any of the roads embraced
in this bill. I said nothing about that; I know
nothing about it; I cared nothing about it. I an-
swered his assertion that no petitions had ever
been presented here for the air-line road, by
showing that twenty petitions had been presented
to tliis body, (three of them liy himself,) and a
much larger number in the other House. That
is all that ( said on this point.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I know that I pre-
sented petitions which purjiorled to come from
Iowa, and I know that they originated in States
east of Iowa, and were sent to the people of Iowa.
I know that the proposition to construct this road
was first made in the State of Ohio, not at Fort
"Wayne, but at Madison or Zanesville. I hold
in my hand a letter from the United States district
judge of the State of Iowa—Judge Love—as hon-
orable and high-minded a mail as ever penned a
letter ill this or any other country. lie intro-
duced to me friends of his in Ohio, who repre-
sented to him that they intended to take care of
little Iowa; that they Intended to run an air-line
railroad from Philadelphia, through the States
between Pennsylvania and Iowa, and through
Iowa to the Missouri river. They said to him,
" We are on our way to Washington; we intend
to help your delegation in Congress to get agrant
of land; will you do tis the favor to introduce us?"
Judge Love said, 14 Certainly; it will afford me
pleasure to introduce you to the one with whom
1 am most intimate—Senator Jones." He ac-
cordingly did introduce them tome. They came
here; and as soon as tliey let my colleagues and
myself know what their intentions were, we
found that, instead of helping us, they intended
to overslaugh us by the influence which they had
in the House of Representatives with the pow-
erful States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois — no,
sir, I will not say Illinois, because the lllinoisans
have never opposed us as a people. That State
which is most nearly connected with ours has
never opposed us except in the single instance of
a member, now a citizen of your State, sir, (Mr.
Weli.hr in the chair.) He is the only one who
opposed the construction of the Dubuque and
Keokuk railroad. He did it on the ground that
it would destroy the navigation of the Mississippi
river, and interfere with the commerce of that
river. He said that it could not run from Dubuque
to Keokuk without crossing the Mississippi river,
and thus impede the navigation. His speech in
the House of Representatives,maintaining these
opinions, had the effect of injuring our bill, and it
was defeated. I will not say entirely through his
influence, because I know that there were other
influences which operated to produce that effect.
My distinguished friend, the United States dis-
trict judge, I should have stated, introduced these
gentlemen to me, after having been informed by
themselves and others that they were interested
in trying to assist the delegation from Towa in
carrying out the wishes of the Legislature and of
the people of Iowa; but they brought forward a
new proposition, one that was to come in compe-
tition with the bona fide propositions from Iowa.
I would not impute any improper motive to the
distinguished Senator from Vermont; I never in-
tended to do it. I may have misunderstood him;
but I certainly did understand him to say to me
on yesterday, in the lobby, that there were no
petitions for these roads, and that we had disre-
garded the instructions of our Legislature, and
he would so show.
Mr. FOOT. No, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I know that we have
never been able to comply with the instructions
of our Legislature. In the very outset we intro-
duced bills verbatim el literatim, as prayed for by
the Legislature; but when we found that we were
notable to obtain them, and when our Legislature
found that they could not be obtained by their
representatives in Congress, they changed the
position of affairs themselves, and asked through
us for other roads, one from Burlington to the Mis-
souri river, with a branch to Keokuk, which had
not been memorialized for before. We were
unable to obtain' them. At this session, one of
my colleagues, representing the northern district,
a member of the Committee on Public Lands of
the House of Representatives, [Mr. Thorinu-
ton,] and myself, were exceedingly anxious to
have provision made for the northern road from
McGregor's Landing to the mouth of the Big
Sioux liver, which is the identical spot named in
the bill before us, now called Sioux City, instead
of the mouth of the Big Sioux. The Committee
on Public Lands in the House of Representatives
refused to consent to report to give us this road
in the north. The committee would not consent
to give more than the road named in this bill
lying north of the Davenport road. They made
their report, and that is the bill which passed the
House, and is now before us.
The reason why I was exceedingly anxious to
have the bill acted upon last week, without re-
ferring it to the committee, was not because I
apprehended that I would meet any opposition
from that committee, or even from the Senator
from Vermont. I am not mistaken in saying that
that Senator said to me the other day, "Permit
your bill to go to our committee, and we will re-
port it back in thirty minutes." Did not I so
understand my friend ? I will ask him whether
he did not tell me, "Let the bill go to our com-
mittee, and we will report it back. Do not press
this matter now, General, but let the bill go to
our committee, and we will report it back at
once." So said the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands, as did also the Senators from
Delaware [Mr. Ci.ayton] and Florida, [Mr.
Mallory,] who arc members of the committee;
so said my friend from Ohio after the motion to
reconsider was made. I knew it would be so; I
had not the least doubt in the world that it would
he so. I had been to the chairman of that com-
mittee so often this winter that 1 was almost
ashamed to approach him again on the subject,
begging him to report my bill. He said to me
in response, " It is all right, General; you have
nothing to fear; we will report your bill just as
you want it, but we wish to wait until we see
what the House of Representatives shall do before
we act; we wish to see what system will be
adopted by the House; it is a new body, com-
posed of a great many new men, and we desire
to know whether they will support the preemption
bill proposition of the Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Yulee,] or will favor a bill granting alternate
sections." He had never given to me the least
intimation, nor did any member of the Committee
on Public Lands, that they were opposed to the
proposition which is now substantially submitted
to the Senate, and which has been passed by both
Houses.
My object, Mr. President, in pressing this bill
the other day was to save the lands which are on
the lines of these roads for my State. I knew
perfectly well that if the land warrant jobbers in
this city, and in New York,got information that
this bill was before the Committee on Public
Lands, and would probably be reported in a few
days, they would shower the land warrants upon
my State, and take all the lands from these roads,
and that then the passage of the bill would be a
dead letter, so far as the grant to my State was con-
cerned. That is the reason—and there is no other
under the sun—why I did not wish the bill to go
to the Committee on Public Lands. I had not
the least doubt in the world that they would re-
port it. I say now that I have not the least doubt
that they would have reported the bill, if it had
been sent to them, and would have rejected the
proposition of Mr. Schenck. I wished, however,-
to save these lands from the bounty land warrant
dealers, and the most of them, as I said the other
day, being my bosom friends, each firm of whom
has amassed a fortune by dealing in these land
warrants. I knew that; but I wanted-to head off
my own friends for the benefit of the mass of the
people of the State of Iowa, and in order that I
might carry out, if I could, the instructions of
my Legislature, three or four times given to me
at as many different sessions thereof, and running
through a space of eight years.
Mr. President, I know that the Senate is tired
of this question. I believe that the Senate is ready
to take the vote on the reconsideration. I think
that a large majority of the Senators are satisfied
that they voted rightly when they passed the bill,
upon the yeas and nays, by a vote of thirty-one
to nine.
The Senate were satisfied then, that the same
justice should be meted out to Iowa which had
been extended to Illinois, Arkansas, Missouri,
Alabama, Tennessee, and Kentucky. I trust that
they will adhere to that determination. If the
vote should now be reconsidered, what evidence
have we that the lands proposed to be granted
will not be taken up by land warrant dealers ? I
feel confident that they will be taken up, if the
opportunity be given to those who deal in the
warrants.
A member of the House of Representatives,
from Virginia, informed me the nignt before last,
at the residence of my esteemed friend the Senator
from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] that a land war-
rant dealer had taken him by the collar, and asked
him why the House had passed this bill in such
hot haste, without giving the dealers an opportu-
nity of being heard. I now forget the member's
name; but he told me that I might use his name,
and state the conversation to the Senate. He said
that the land warrant dealers thought they should
have had twenty or thirty days' notice, to enable
them to send out the warrants remaining on hand,
and for the location of those already sent out. If
this noticc had been given, what good would the
passage of the bill effect for my State? If that had
been done,I would notgive a figforthe grant,for
the lands would be entered just as certainly as
there are land offices in Iowa; and they not re-
stricted as to further locations with warrants.
Mr. President, there is no member of the Sen-
ate, or of the House of Representatives, who
can tell what will be the fate of this bill at the
White House. I wish it to be presented to the
President of the United States as soon as possible.
I am anxious that the people of Iowa shall not
be disappointed in the hopes which are now en-
tertained by them. I communicated to them by
telegraph,from my seat in this Chamber, intelli-
gence of the passage of the bill in less than ten
minutes after the yeas and nays were taken. I
sent dispatches to Dubuque, Davenport, to Mus-
catine, and Burlington, announcing its passage,
and requested that the fact should be made known
to the people of Iowa generally, that they might
be aware of the realization of their long-deferred
and cherished hopes, so far at least as the Con-
gress of the United States was concerned. I said,
however, that I did not know, nordo I now know,
what will be the action of the President of tha
United States on this bill. That is a matter for
him to determine, and not for us.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I have taken no
particular interest in this bill; but the State of
Ohio has been frequently referred to in the course
of the debate upon it. 1 understood the Senator
from Iowa to say, the other day, that opposition
had come from Ohio which prevented the passage
of this measure at a former session.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I alluded to the efforts
of Mr. Schenck.
Mr. WADE. I know nothing about thatmat-
ter. I voted against this bill last week, and I did
so with very little knowledge as to what it con-
tained ; but the reading of it by the Secretary con-
vinced me that it ought not to be passed in sueh
haste as that with which it was urged. I under-
stood from hearing itread that the startling propo-
sitionwas made to construct four railroads through
the State of Iowa from east to west, parallel with
each other, and but a very small distance apart.
I do not profess to be conversant with the con-
