1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1215
struction of railroads, but I occasionally read their
history, and I observe the value of their stock as
quoted in the papers. It seemed to be an absurd
proposition to suppose that any sensible men
would invest their means in an enterprise like this.
Iowa is comparatively a new country, and the
business of this line cannot be very great. I
should suppose that one road through the State,
with branches from different points connecting
with it would be all that any reasonable man
would ask. For such a proposition as tha^ or
for any one which seemed to me to be reason-
able, I should vote.
I am not hostile to the construction of railroads
in the State of Iowa. I cannot, however, con-
sent to one argument which seems to be adduced
in favor of this bill. It is said that when a State
Legislature asks for a donation of land for the con-
struction of certain roads, and is satisfied with
them, we have no right to inquire into the dispo-
sition of the donation which it is proposed to
make, and how far it will subserve the public in-
terest. I cannot agree that we should be precluded
from inquiry into this question. I am the last
man who would intermeddle with any one's pri-
vate affairs, or interfere with that which exclu-
sively belongs to others; but it seems to me, not
only to be our right, but our duty—a duty which
we owe to the public, when we make these large
donations of land—to see that they are made m
such a way as will probably subserve some great
public interest, and not be merely a gratification
to particular individuals or corporations.
As I ha%re said, I think it is not only our right
but our bounden duty, to look to the application
of these donations. When the face of a propo-
sition shows that it is so absurd that 110 sensible,
judicious man would attempt to do the same thing
in regard to his own private affairs, we ought not
to grant it. If these four roads were now con-
structed and ready for business, does the Senator
from Iowa believe that any judicious man would
take it upon himself to keep them in repair, and
run them for ten years, without requiring him to
pay anything for them, but have them made
ready to his hand and delivered over to him ' I
do not know how it appears to others, but to me
it is a proposition absolutely preposterous^ con-
struct four roads, running through the State of
Iowa for three hundred miles, making a grant of
fifteen miles 011 each side of each road; thus tailing
a sweep through the whole State of one hundred
and twenty miles in alternate sections, equivalent
to a thick belt of twenty-four miles of land
through the whole State.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The -Senator insists,
as does the gentlemanfrom Vermont, that the bill i
provides for four roads running through the whole
width of Iowa. That is not the case, as they !
may come together before reaching Sioux City.
Mr. WADE. I so understand.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Lyons and the
Dubuque roads are to run to a point on the correc-
tion hue, as it is called, forty-two and one half
degrees north latitude, and then to go together to
Sioux City, which is the mouth of the Big Sioux
river, the point to which the road from McGregor's
landing would have gone, if the House of Repre-
sentatives had agreed to make a grant of land for
that road. Besides, the alternate sections are
granted for only six miles, not fifteen miles, on
each side of these roads.
Mr. WADE. I do not say that there is land
enough to fulfill the entire donation; but the bill
takes all that there is within the sweep which it
proposes: and if the land is not tlieie, they may
take it elsewhere. These roads, I unde
erstand
and beheve from tiie map, are not more than
ninety miles distant from each other, and some
of them not thirty miles apart.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Does the Senator mean
to say that we are to have alternate sections for
fifteen miles 011 each side of the roads?
Mr. WADE. I so understand.
Mr. JO^NES, of Iowa. No, sir. .Ilternate sec-
tions are granted for six nnles on eacli side only.
Mr. w!\.DE. But if the land within six miles
lias been preempted or otherwise taken, may you
not go to fifteen miles?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If the land cannot be
got within tin; six miles it may be taken within
fifteen miles.
Mr. WADE. That is the provision of the bill
as I understand it. This is a common provision
I in all these bills, and I do not object to it. I ob-
j jeet to having these roads in such a relation to
; each other that I think every sensible mail will
i say that they are not practicable measures, and
I you cannot do business on them. I cannot sup-
; pose that tliey will ever be constructed.
| Mr. JOHNSON. 1 believe the bill provides
that if they be not constructed within ten years,
the land shall revert to the United States.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That is the provision.
Mr. WADE. That may be; but I am looking
at the proposition as it is presented. If it be pro-
posed that we shall grant lands to an enterprise
which has such a poor prospect of success that
it will not be carried out, and the lands will revert
to the United States, I hardly think gentlemen
will seriously urge it.
The Senator from Iowa has frequently alluded
to the connection of the State of Ohio with this
I measure. I can tell him that the State of Ohio
i takes no interest in it except so far as it provides
j for great public works beneficial to all the States.
I admit that Ohio has had grants of land to assist
her in the construction of her canals, and for this
reason I am disposed to be liberal and generous
to all the western States; but 1 cannot vote for a
proposition of this nature, unless it presents itself
to my judgment as a proper and judicious one.
It is objected that the President of the Air-line
Central railroad, is a resident of Ohio. He has
been sneenngly alluded to by several gentlemen
011 this floor, as an outsider, intermeddling with
things which did not concern him. This is a very
grave charge against a gentleman of known and
acknowledged high principles of honor, who would
shrink and revolt from the idea of interfering'in
that which he had no right to touch. BlU, sir,
how is the fact? Is he really liable to the observ-
ations which have been made in respect to him,
111 this particular?
The Senator from Iowa the other day read a
letter of Mr. Dix, of New York, the president of
one of the loads provided, for in the bill. Is he
not ail outsider, much further from the scene of
action than Mr. Sehenck? How is it that Mr.
| Dix can reside in the State of New York, and
take a deep and controlling interest in these roads,
and send here letters giving his objections to Mr.
Schcnck's road, which can be read and paraded
here; and yet Mr. Schenck be pointed at as an
outsider, having no right to appear here ? I do not
object to the course of Mr. Dix. It is his duty to
, look after the interests of the road of which he is
: president; but I think this objection ought not to
I be made against the gentleman whom 1 now rep-
' resent, and who is a resident of my own State,
and 111 whom, for this reason, I take particular in-
terest. He does not own anything in these roads,
except five hundied dollars worth of stock, which
he took 111 order to qualify him for the office of
president. His judgment is not warped by any
pecuniary or private interest in any of these roads.
He had nothing to do with planning them origin-
ally. They are no projects of his, as you have
already been told. He was far away oil the public
business, m a high and honorable station, when
these roads were planned by others. When he
returned to the United States from his mission
abroad, his known ability, integrity, and business
qualifications pointed him out as preeminently
the man to take charge of this great and important
work. He was besoughtto do so. He consented,
and took enough stock — five hundred dollars
worth—to qualify him, according to the by-laws
of the company, to be president.
Now, I ask what should he have done under
these circumstances 5 I have risen principally to
answer the observations which have been made
and
those who had intrusted their rights and interests
to him? Surely not. When he protested against
the action which you liad inconsiderately taken,
was he an outsider, interfering with that with
which he had no right to intermeddle? Is he
justly obnoxious to the charges which have been
made against him? No, sir. The Senator from
Tennessee yesterday appealed to the Senator from
Kentucky, and said that he would have frowned
down a man coming forward under circumstances
like these, if the bill provided for railroads in
Kentucky. Sir, the Senator from Kentucky is a
just man, and he would readily see the absolute
necessity and propriety of Mr. Schenck's coming
forward and protesting against the hot haste with
which this bill was progressing to a final and fatal
determination.
Will any one deny that this bill has taken an
unusual course here ? Since I have had the honor
of a seat in this body, I have never known a case
where a proposition of this immense magnitude
was brought from the House of Representatives,
rushed through at once, without being printed or
referred to a committee, and acted upon forthwith
upon its bare reading at the Secretary's table ?
Was there ever such a c&se known before? 1
doubt it. There may have been, but I can recur
to 110 such instance. 1 hope there is none, and 1
trust there will be none such. Is it necessary
that a great measure ofthis kind should be rushed
through in an hour ? Any one conscious that his
measure will stand the scrutiny and investigation
of just men, will never shrink from an examina-
tion by the proper organs of this body.
The Senator from Iowa tells as that it would
have been idle to refer this bill to the Committee
011 Public Lands, because the committee would
report it back instantly if it were referred, and it
would be passed then. Admitting this to be the
case, was it not unfortunate that this course was
liot taken ? 11 would certainly have been a great
deal more satisfactory. I cannot judge for others,
but it appears to me that the committee would
have hesitated long before attempting to confum
a measure of this kind.
I believe that all the interests affected by this
bill can be reconciled harmoniously, justly, and
righteously, by the proposition suggested by the
Senator from Vermont. It seems to me that that
proposition should meet the approbation of all.
It is more reasonable than the original bill in the
shape in which it was passed.
Mr. President, it has been said that the petition
which Mr. Sehenck presented to the Senate in the
nature of a protest against our precipitate pro-
1 ceeding, was an interference which he was not
i warranted in making. It was at first stated that
1 he bad made some allegations in his petition
! which were not true; but all ttle reflection con-
; vineed everybody that all the statements which
' lie made were true. I have the means of show-
ing their entire correctness ill every respect. I
have letters from engineers, and transcripts from
the proceedings of the companies, which shows
that every statement of the memorial is true.
The testimony which I have, proves that in Illi-
nois not less than one hundred and ten miles of
the road of winch Mr. Schenck is president, have
been «raded at a very large expense, and are now
almost 1 eady for the iron. The work on it is pro-
gressing energetically. A large force is engaged
upon it. In Iowa, torty miles of the road aie in
a like state of forwardness, and it is being piessed
to a termination with great energy. Se\eral coun-
ties in Iowa have voted large sums of money, ui
all 1 believe, not less than §200,000, 111 aid ol its
construction, and there are private subscriptions
in great abundance.
This shows the popularity of the road, and the
reat interest which the people along the line in
111 respect to him, and I ask any reasonabl-
just man, what should he have done under the •;
-rcumstances? Being the president of this great ;i Iowa take m it. INotwithstandmg these fuels,
•. ° • T • ,  ' if. .. flTVlOn Tt'
road, intrusted with "all the important interests ,j the gentleman who comes forth as the advocate
invested in it, he saw that they were seriously j of the rights of those inteiested in lo^a, tiim _
alieeted by this bill, which was passed through acterized
Congress with precipitate haste—without being
. printed, I beheve. "It was put through in the
' other House under the pievious question, with-
i out the members knowing the real nature of the
' proposition upon which they were voting. Find-
i ino- that such a bill was passed, fraught with de-
struction to the interests which had been com-
! mitted to his charge, what should he have doner
i Should he have lain down quietly and gone to
• sleep ? Should he have turned his back upon
an outsider, who lives in another
State and attempts to interfere with the peculiar
! i.iteiesls of Iowa. That is not my undcrstand-
ine of the case. The people of Iowa, who have
1 given their money for the construction of this
road, and are anxious for its completion, have 111-
1 trusted their interests to Mr. Sehenck, and they
; would have just cause to complain of him if «a
. had allowed their interests to be sacrificed witli-
' out giving Congress notice of what tiiey weie
i, doing. Sir, every just man in the Saiate ought
