1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
State of Maine, praying to be allowed arrears of
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
the heirs of Captain John Mussey, praying for
the redemption of certain bills of credit issued by
the authority of the Continental Congress during
the revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg leave to present the
memorial of Thomas A. Hendricks and others,
heads of the Bureaus in the executive depart-
ments at Washing-ton, who represent that the
compensation assigned to the respective offices
held by them was fixed, in most instances, more
than half a century ago, and that it is nowutterly
inadequate, m view of the greatly increased ex-
penses of living at the metropolis of the nation;
that the duties of their offices have augmented
with the growth and business of the country,
until they have become of the most important
character. The Secretary of the Treasury has
twice, I believe, recommended this increase. I
move the reference of the memorial and papers to
the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ^BRODHEAD presented the petition of
John Grayson, pension agent at Pittsburg, pray-
ing to be allowed a credit in the settlement of his
accounts for money paid by him on a certificate
of the Commissioner of Pensions, and disallowed
by the accounting officers; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WELLER presented a petition of officers
of the Army stationed at the Frankford Arsenal,
near Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying for an
increase of the commutation price of the Army
ration; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. DODGE presented a petition of L. Hutch-
inson and others, residents of the Indian country
east of Lake Winnebago, in Wisconsin, praying
that titles may issue to occupants of lands within
the Stockbndge reservation, on payment of the
price stipulated in the treaty between the United
States and those Indians; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of the
heirs of James Purvis, a captain in the revolu-
tionary army, praying to be allowed commutation
pay; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. EVANS presented the petition of John
Cummins, praying for permission to change the
name of the American brig Hibernia to that of
Victor of the Wave; which was referred to the
Committee 011 Commerce.
Mr. FOSTER presented the petition of Mary
Turner, only surviving child of Christopher
Greene, deceased, praying to be allowed the
seven years' half pay due for the services of her
father in the revolutionary war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Jacob Schenck, an officer in the revolutionary
army, praying for compensation for his services
and remuneration for losses sustained by him
during that war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
settlers upon and near the military reservation at
Fort Atkinson, Iowa, praying that the purchasers
of the fort buildings on that reservation may not
be allowed the right of preemption to any lands
except those on which those buildings are situ-
ated; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Iowa, pray-
ing for the establishment of a mail route from
West Union, Iowa, to Austin, in the Territory
of Minnesota; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
THE NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial of Rob-
ert D. Thorburn, a commander in the Navy, who
has been placed upon the reserved list, praying
to be restored to his former position in the ser-
vice; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
petition of James A. Doyle, a lieutenant in the
Navy, who has been placed upon the reserved
list, complaining that injustice has been done him,
and praying for such redress as Congress may
deem suitable and just; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BAYARD. I presentthe petition of Hen-
ry A. Steele, a lieutenant in the United States
Navy, asking for redress from the action of the
late naval board, in reference to his case. He
admits that his health disqualifies him from active
duty, but he complains of having been placed on
the furlough list. He states that he has been in
the Navy for twenty-nine years, and during that
time has never been court-martialed or reprimand-
ed. He lost his health while serving on the coast
of Africa between the years 1844 and 1846. If
that statement of his be true, I think there can
be but one opinion—that an officer who, in the
service of his country, loses his health, not by
any vice, folly, or error of his own, certainly,
according to the intent of that law, should not
have been placed upon the furlough list. I move
that the memorial be referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FISH. I am requested to present the
petition of shipowners and merchants of the city
of New York on behalf of Commander Thomas
R. Gedney, who, under the action of the late
naval board, has been placed on the reserved list
with furlough pay. The petitioners represent
that his health has been greatly impaired by ex-
posure and hardships in the Coast Survey, and
they refer to Ins valuable services in discovering
a new channel entering into the port of New
York. They request that he may be restored to
his former emoluments and pay. I move that
the petition be referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Senate re-
lating to the claim of John Y. Laub, praying lor aueais of
salary aselcik m the office of the Fiiot Comptroller, beie-
lerred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Lemuel B.
Mason, the petition of John floJden; the petition of Da-
vid Benjamin, one of the heirs of Samuel Benjamin ; the
petition of the heirs of Daniel Littlefield; the petition of
the heirs of Nathaniel Hutchms ; the petition of the heir
of Samuel Sawyer; the petiuon of the heirs of John Pray;
the petition of Caleb Frye, one of the heirs of Nathaniel
Frye; and the petition of William Allen, heir of Jonathan
Allen, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition ofHoratio Gates Cook, heir of
David Cook; the petition of the heirs of Daniel Gookin ; the
petition of thehens-at-law of Robert Given ; the petitioh of
Peletiah Littlehcld, one ol the liens of Noah M. Littlefield;
the petition of Mary Ann S. Darby, heir of Samuel Dai by;
the petition of Samuel Pope, one of the heirs of Isaac Pope;
the petition of Lucius U. C. Nason,and Sabma Grant, heirs
of Nathaniel Nason ; the petition of Joseph S. Bailey, and
the other heirs of John Bailey; the petition of the heirs-at-
l:iw of Nathaniel Loavitt; the petition of Susanna H. f3urn-
ham, and the other heirs of Jeremiah Hill; and the petition
of the heirs of Joseph Boynton, on the files of the Senate,
be severally referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Joseph Smith, assignee of
a certain land wan ant, asking the light to locate the quan-
tity of land therein described, be taken fiotn the tiles and re-
terrcd to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William A. Burt, praying
for a just allowance in consideration of the benefit the Gov-
ernment has derived fiom the use of a compass invented by
him, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate^ andiefer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BROWN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill to authorize the selection of the residue
of the lands granted by the act of Congress of
September 20, 1850, June 10,1852, and February
9, 1853; and
A joint resolution requiring the Secretary of
the Senate and the Clerk of the House of iltip- j
rescntatives to distribute public documents to the ;
several counties in the United States.
Mr. BIGLER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill for the improvement
of the harbor of Erie, Pennsylvania.
* Mr. BRODHEAD save notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Ohio river. i
Mr. BAYARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill makingan appropria-
tion for the completion of Fort Delaware, and the
fortification of. the Pea Patch Island," in the river
Delaware.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on tylili-
tory Affairs, reported a bill providing for the ne-
cessary increase and better oiganization of the
medical and hospital department of the Army;
which was read a first time,and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred memorials from
ccrtain officers of the Havy, complaining of the
action of the late naval board, have instructed
me to make a report, accompanied by a bill to
amend an "Act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy." I ask that the report and bill be printed.
I have to say to the Senate that the report is very
voluminous, and will occupy perhaps two hours
in reading. It is partly printed already, and will
be ready to-morrow for distribution to Senators.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading; and five hundred extra copies of
the report were ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Mrs. Mar-
garet L. Worth, asking to be paid arrearages of
pension, submitted an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred .a bill
to incorporate the Columbia Wood Gas Com-
pany, reported it back without amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLAY, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
improve the military defenses of Mobile and New.
Orleans, and the inland navigation between those*
cities; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. HAMLIN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill fur-
ther to amend "An act entitled an act to provide for
the better security of the lives of passengers on
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes;" which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
PRINTING OF A REPORT.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, it was
Ordered, That the communication from the Secretary of
Wai, of February 2, m i elcrence to the detenses of Mobile,
be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. W.P. Ingram, Chief Clerk, announced
that they had passed, without amendment, the joint
resolution of the Senate (S. R. 4) for the appoint-
ment of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution;
and also Senate joint resolution (S. R. 5) to sup-
ply a deficiency in the appropriations for printing
for the second session of the Thirty-Third Con-
gress; and the bill (S. 108^ authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to cnange the name of the
French-built brig Vigie to Minnie.
THE BRITISH ENLISTMENT QUESTION.
Mr. MASON. I ask leave to offer a resolution,
which will be found, I think, of general public
interest; and when it is read I wish to make a few
remarks upon it.
The Secretary read the resolution as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, to communicate to the
Senate the correspondence which has taken place between
tin-: Government and that of Great Butam m regard to the
enlistment of sokkeis within the United States, by the
agents and officers of the latter, for the British army, ac-
companied by i-iu.h evidence and documents? as the Presi-
dent may deem proper to show the connection of these
agents and olficer- with the alleged violation of our laws
and sovereign lights.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I ask the-Senate
to consider the resolution now, because, in look-
ing into that subject, I have been strongly im-
pressed with the belief that it is desirable now to
spread that information before the country.
The Senate is aware, of course, that the Pres-
ident of the United States, in his annual message,
communicated to both Houses of Congress all
the documents and correspondence which had
taken place between the Government of Eng-
/
