1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2089
in accordance with the erroneous decisions of the
Chair, together with the original text of the
House bill, which he rules has been restored,
and tell us how it stands, for it will require a
select committee to straighten it out. But, sir, I
protest against the doctrine of the gentleman
l'rom Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] that the Senate have
nothing to do with appropriations which we
may choose to make, under the head of contin-
gent, or in any other way.
Mr. STANTON. I will withdraw my amend-
ment, and move to amend by adding a proviso,
that none of the Senate's contingent fund shall
be appropriated for the purchase of books. Mr.
Chairman, I am perfectly aware that the practice
of the two Houses of Congress has been very
much in accordance with the theory laid down
by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Hous-
ton-.] I am aware, too, that, under the practice
which has prevailed for the last twenty years,
this House is rapidly dwindling into perfect
insignificance as a coordinate branch of this
Government.
A Member. I rise to a question of order.
X think the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to amend by adding
a proviso, that Hickey's Constitution shall not
be purchased, unless it can be obtained at a cost
not exceeding sixty cents per copy. Now, sir,
gentlemen talk about personal matters, and say
they are entitled to this number of boo^s. Sir,
they might just as well say that they are entitled to
that number of copies of the Patent Office reports.
Mr. CUMBACK. I rise to a questionof order.
The gentleman is not discussing his amendment.
Mr. MORGAN. Well, sir, I will come di-
rectly to the amendment. Every gentleman who
knows anything about the cost of making books
knows that these books can be manufactured for
forty or forty-five cents per copy. Every mem-
ber knows that the price is extravagant. Again,
sir, I know of no reason under heaven why the
constituents of any man in this Hall should re-
ceive by distribution more books than my con-
stituents receive. There is one district which has
been represented by two Representatives for the
last thirty-five years, while the Representative of
another district is changed every Congress. Now,
sir, why should the people of one district receive
more books than the people of another ? I am
willing that the same books should be given to
the new members that have usually been given.
But, so far as the distribution of books is con-
cerned, 1 say that the constituents of no gentle-
man are entitled to more books than my con-
stituents.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. LEITER. As I understand it, if the House
agrees to the amendment as amended, there will
be nothing left but the proviso which we have
adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not in
order; there is no motion before the committee.
Mr. LEITER. I only ask the question of the
Chair.
Mr. TRIPPE. I desire to know what will be
the effect as the matter now stands, if the House
refuses to concur in the amendment of the Senate ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
Senate will be disagreed to; that will be the effect.
Mr. WALBR1DGE. If we concur in the Sen-
ate's amendment as amended, do we not strike
out the whole thing ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I object to debate.
Mr. FLAGLER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wai.ee.idge
and Hickman were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 75, noes 42.
So the Senate amendment as amended was
concurred ill.
Eighth amendment of the Senate:
i. urxici head of "Librrtry of Congress," us follows:
For expense of piocuririg propel apparatus for wainnng
BUid libiary, and providing fuel for the same, $5,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
For maintaining the botanic garden and green-houses,
including pay of horticulturist and assistants, under the di-
rection of the Library Committee of Congress, $5,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
And the appropriation " to supply deficiencies in the ap-
propriation for printing of the second session of the Thirty-
Third Congress," contained in the act of 15th May, 1856,
shall he construed by the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to include the cost of paper necessary for said printing.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
To reimburse the consular agent of the United States
at the Island of St. Thomas, for that amount expended by
him, by oideis of this Government, in landing and storing
the caigo of the bark Amehn, of New York, and other
expenses incident thereto, laden with arms and munitions
ot war, which were seized by order of the Government and
earned into Slid island, and there landed, §4,850, to be
disbursed undei the direction of the Secretary of State.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee recom-
mend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
For compensation to surgeons at Panama, for care and
professional attendance on citizens of the United States
who were wounded during the riots at Panama on or about
tlie 15th day of April last, as certified to the Department of
State by Thomas YV. Ward, con>ul of the United States at
that place, ,^1,0U0, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of State.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
To enable the Secretary of State to procure copies of Dr.
Kohl's map^ of the continent and inlands of America, the
sum of $6,000, which shall be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of State, m such manner as lie may deem
bc&t lor that objcct.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
Mr. CADWALADER. 1 think that this rec-
ommendation of the Committee of Ways and
Means lies originated in mistake, or has, per-
haps, orison from the want of a full understanding
as to the facts. The proposed appropriation is
for a purpose which lias been fully investigated
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs of this
House, who had agreed upon a report recom-
mending a joint resolution appropriating to this
object a larger sum than that appropriated by*the
Senate's amendment. This is really a matter of
great national importance. An eminent geo-
grapher, Dr. Kohl, lias, during the last six years,
collected about one thousand historiogrsphical
maps of the American continent and islands. The
manner in which they have been collected from
various sources is explained in the report pre-
pared, as I have mentioned, by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. Such a collection would have
saved our Government, in times past, great ex-
pense, and perhaps might have prevented some
errors in tbe course of her policy. Instead of an
extortionate demand for a copy of those maps,
this distinguished gentleman desires merely a
sufficient sum to defray the expense of clerk hire
for making and depositing complete duplicates of
those invaluable maps in the Department of State.
His object is not emolument, but the advancement
of geographical science.
The gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Pen-
nington,] the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, will confirm what I have said.
He was, as I have already stated, prepared to
present a full and detailed report upon the subject.
Mr. PENNINGTON. It is scarcely neces-
sary for me to add anything to what has been
said by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, in ex-
planation of the purpose of the amendment, for
he has clearly and correctly stated all the mate-
rial facts in relation to it. It will be recollected,
that some time since the House adopted a resolu-
tion instructing the Committee on Foreign Affairs
to inquire into the expediency of enlarging the
collection of historiographical maps in the De-
partment of State, and to report such measures
as they should deem advisable for that purpose.
The committee were shortly afterwards informed
that Dr. Kohl, a German geographer of high
character, now ir. this City, of whom th? gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has spoken in terms of
just commendation, has in his possession here, a
large and valuable collection of interesting maps,
such as are contemplated by the resolution. These
maps, which may be confidently relied on as ac-
curate copies of the originals, have been collected
by Dr. Kohl, con am ore, during many years, with
great labor and research, ana at very consider-
able expense, in various parts of Europe, and,
for the most part, from obscure sources, and pri-
vate collections, discoverable only by the curious,
and inaccessible except to the savan and scholar.
Professor Bache, the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey, in his forthcoming report for the
year 1855, says that Dr. Kohl has thus " made
the most admirable collection of maps of dis-
covery on the western continent, compiled from
various sources, and presenting the subject in
the most systematic manner, with a series of his
own, showing, by striking and original methods,
the results of successive voyages, travels, and
expeditions, by sea and land;" and then he adds
that he has availed himself of Dr. Kohl's visit to
the United States, " to obtain from him a report
of a most interesting character, which will bo
published in connection with the archives of the
coast survey."
This collection of Dr. Kohl has been recom-
mended to public attention, or favorably noticed,
in numerous scientific publications. 1 will give
a brief reference to them only, for the informa-
tion of the curious:
1. In the biography of Dr. Kohl, in the Ger-
man Conversacions Lexicon of Brookhaas, (last
edition,) vol. 9, page 99.
2. In a letter of Humboldt to the Geographical
Society of Paris, to be found in a publication of
the society, vol. 7, page 273, (1854.)
3. In a report of the Geographical Society of
Paris—same volume, page 43G.
4. In a report of the Geographical Society of
London by Lord Ellesmere, to be found in a pub-
lication of the society, August, 1854.
5. In various reports of the Geographical Soci-
ety of Berlin, by Carl Ritter, from 1853 to 1856.
G. In a report of the Historical Society of New
York, of December, 1854.
7. In various notices by the press of New
York, of a lecture delivered by Dr. Kohl to the
Historical Society of New York, in December,
1854.
The committee were gratified to learn, from
an interview with Dr. Kohl, not only that he is
quite willing that a duplicate of his collection
shall be made and deposited in the State Depart-
ment for the use of the Government, but that he
will cheerfully superintend the execution of the
work and its arrangement in an analytical and
chronological order, to make it the more complete
and useful. His own collection is accompanied
by copious manuscript references and explana-
tions which it would be well to secure.
The appropriation proposed by the amendment
contemplates only the payment of the mere cler-
ical expenses of the work, determined by the
most economical standard; and the plan,if carried
into effect, will, as the committee think, contribute
greatly towards the object hod in view by the
i House in the adoption of the resolution under
I which lliay have acted.
S So far as Europe, Asia and Africa, are con-
i cerned, the committee are of opinion that no legis-
i lation is now advisable, as the atlases published
i from time to time and in ordinary use, contain all
! tlie information deemed necessary for the present
I purposes of the Government.
| But the case is different as to this hemisphere.
' Many maps of various sections of the coast
I and interior parts of North and South America
which, if extant, would be extremely useful, aa*e
already lost beyond the hope of recovery; others
will soon disappear if means are not adopted to
rescue them from oblivion; some are now known
I only to antiquaries; some exist only in nianu-
! script; and others, printed and engraved, are to be
j found only bound up in books of travel, histories
i of limited local interest, or publications of a more
fugitive character, and in a wholly detached form.
Many of these works are almost obsolete; and
unless the maps shall be collected and placed in
a single and safe depository, they will soon, for
| all practical purposes, be utterly unavailable. In
1 tlie mean time, as occasions for reference arise,
1 tire requisite search and investigation, if possible
