2090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 13,
at all, will not be practicable within the period
necessary to meet the public exigency.
In the numerous cases in which the Govern-
ment may be required to act upon questions re-
lating to its present, past, or future external or
internal boundaries, or upon the relations of insu-
lar to continental America, it will, of course, be
of the utmost importance that the primary inves-
tigation shall be as ample and complete as possi-
ble, for otherwise it may be ignorant of its just
rights till too late to assert them, or may advance
claims in the outset of national action, which
may not in the end be found tenable.
As the amendment under consideration pro-
poses the only action deemed advisable by the
committee, I have thus presented their views
on the subject, and there I leave it. I should
have reported a resolution to the same effect as
the amendment, in pursuance of the instructions
of the committee, if I could have obtained the
floor for the purpose some time since.
I feel quite sure that, under the circumstances,
my friend, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, will not persist in urging a
non-concurrence with the Senate in its amend-
ment.
Mr. CAMlPBELL, of Ohio. It is due to the
Committee of Ways and Means that I should
say that we had no information whatever touch-
ing the matter of this work—no estimates, no
recommendation, no report from any committee
before us; and consequently being left entirely in
the dark upon the subject, we felt constrained to
recommend a non-concurrence in the amendment.
If the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, upon the representations made by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania and the gentleman
from New Jersey, think that this work is neces-
sary and proper, I do not feel bound to make any
serious opposition.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I should take blame to
myself for not looking to this matter before the
Committee of Ways and Means, if I had known,
before the committee made their report thdt the
Senate had attached this amendment to the bill
now under consideration. I supposed it had been
attached to another appropriation bill not yet sent
from the Senate, and therefore, gave myself no
trouble to wait upon the committee—intending to
do so, however, when the bill to which 1 sup-
posed the amendment was attached should come
to the House. There is in the possession of the
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate,
and I have seen, a letter fiom the Secretary of
State slrongly urging the propriety of this ap-
propriation.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move to reduce the amount
one thousand dollars. I move the amendment
merely to enable me to make an inquiry of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania or the gentleman
from New Jersey. I wish to know m what con-
dition these maps are now? Are they printed
maps, or are you paying the man who has made
them for the mere use of his maps ?
Mr. PENNINGTON. They are now in man-
uscript to a very large extent. They have been
copied by Dr. Kohl from maps which he has
found in the shelved archives and dusty corners
of all parts of Europe, and rescued from the ob-
livion and destruction to which they had been
consigned. All that is now desired and proposed
to be done, is to procure copies of those maps for
the State Department, leaving the proprietor to
retain the collection.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not desire to embarrass
this matter at all, but I wish the House to know
the facts in reference to it; and I deem it my
duty, as a representative of the committee of this
House which has much to do with the printing
ofcmaps, and oilier matters, to see that the House
knows these facts.
Mr. PENNINGTON. The House need give
itself no trouble upon the point suggested by the
gentleman irom Ohio. There is no purpose enter-
tained to ask that the maps shall be published. I
The object is simply to supply the State Depart- I
meat with these important means of ascertaining j
ana defending our own boundaries and territorial j
rights, and to possess itself of geographical facts :
and evidence which may be of incalculable value j
i\f .m^TuI^_ome8t'c and foreign relations. i
1 li. iNlOHOLS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
I he amendment of tho Senate was concurred in.
Fourteenth and fifteenth amendments;
Amend the claasc relating to the contingent expenses-of
the Department of the Interior, viz: " For books, station-
ery, furniture, library, books, maps, apd other contingen-
cies, $4,700," by striking out the words, " library, books,
maps," and by inserting after tile word " contingencies,"
tiie words " and for books and maps for the library."
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in those
amendments.
The amendments were concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
In the clause making appropriations for the laborers, &c.,
employed in the War Department, strike out" five," and
insert "four;" so as to make the compensation of such
laborers $480, instead of $580, per annum.
Mi*. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Dimmish the appropriation for the compensation of chief
of bureau of navy-yards and docks, and the civil engineer,
clerks, messengers, and laborers employed in his office, from
$16,900 to $15,900.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence therein.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Strike out" $27,900," and insert in lieu thereof "$29,400,"
in the clause in reference to the United States mint at Phil-
adelphia, viz: " For salaries of the director, treasurer, as-
&ayer, inciter and"refiner, elnef coiner, and engraver, assist-
ant as'fayer, assistant melter and refiner, and seven clerks,
§27,900," and add to said clause the following:
And from and after the 30th of June, 1856, the salary
of the said director of the mint s>liall be ^4,000 per annum,
and that of the treasuter thereof $3,000 per annum.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Strike out the following proviso:
Piovuled, That hereafter, said compensation, mileage, and
contn) ea :ieh, shall not exceed tiie sum previously appro-
priated therefor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Stnke out the following proviso:
Provided, That the money hereby appropriated shall not
be drawn from the Treasury, or anv part theieof, and the
same or any part thereof shall not be paul out of any other
appiopriation made by Congress, unti! all criminal prosecu-
tions now pending m any court of the Territory of Kansas
against any person or persona charged with treason against
the United States, and all criminal prosecutions by inform-
ation or indictment a«rainst any person or persons for any
ullojfpd violation or disregard whatever of the professed
laws of a body of men who assembled at Shawnee Mission,
m sml Tcmtoiy, claiming to be the Legislative Assembly
of the said Temtory, shall be dismissed bv the court, and
every person who is or may be restiamed of his liberty by
reason of any of said prosecutions shall be released from
confinement.
Mr, CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend concurrence in the Sen-
ate s amendment.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I offer the following
amendment:
Provided, That no part of the money appropriated by
tins act lor the Terutoiy of Kansas shall be drawn fiom the
Treasury, or paid out of any other appiopnaiion made by
Coii^t e<s, mini every person charged with treason against
the United States, or othei offense, founded upon any par-
ticipation of such person in the formation of the constitu-
tion known as the Topeka constitution, or any measure
preparatory thereto, or m pursuance thereof, orin the body
claiming to be the Legislature of said Teiritory convened
at Topeka, or any measure preparatory thereto, or m pur-
suance thereof, or any violation or disiegaid whatever of
an}- enactment of the alleged Legislative A>sembly of said
Territory, recently assembled at Shawnee Mission, shall be
released fiom confinement, and d^charged from further
prosecution therefor. But nothing contained in this proviso
shall be, so construed as to prevent the indictment, arrest,
pta-"CCUtion, punishment, or detention, m or by any court
of the United States m said Territory, of any person who
shall have violated any provision of any act of Congress in
the commission of any oficnoe against person or property
in said Terntory.
Mr. CRAIGE. I raise the question of order,
that the amendment is not \n order. The ques-
tion before the committee is, I understand, on
concurring' with the Senate's amendment, (in
which the Committee of Ways and Means rec-
ommenda concurrence,) which is to strike out
the proviso. This proposition is, I understand,
to substitute it for the other. If, then, this
amendment should be adopted, we will have a
proviso without anything" on which to rest it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is informed, ,
and also remembers, that but a few days ago the !
same question was before the House, and it was
decided to be in order. The Chair, therefore,
holds the amendment to be in order.
Mr. PENNINGTON. It is not my purpose,
Mr. Chairman, to debate this amendment. We
have passed the stage of argument. Action-
firm, persistent, and decisive action—is what is
now demanded. We have no time for more, if,
indeed, more were needed. All the grave ques-
tions involved in the amendment, in all its bear-
ings, have been fully and elaborately discussed
here, and happily, I trust, for the right, are well
understood throughout the length and breadth of
the country.
I hold, sir, that the body calling itself the Ter-
ritorial Legislature of Kansas, lately convened at
Shawnee Mission, was a spurious and fraudu-
lent assembly, imposed by lawless and wicked
invaders; that its enactments are nullities, and
that they ought to be so regarded and declared in
the interests of truth, liberty, and justice. I hold
that every effort to enforce these enactments is
an abetment of wrong, usurpation, and tyranny.
I hold that all the indictments and arrests for
treason in that Territory are so many acts of bald
persecution. I hold that the whole course of
action of the usurped authority in Kansas and
of the national Administration, in regard to
it, has been directed to the encouragement and
maintenance of a reign of terror in that Terri-
tory, with the avowed ourrose of making it a
slave State in defiance of the will of its people,
and of the principle of self-government, falsely
attribute^ to the Kansas-Nebraska act, and that
rapine, arson, and murder are allowed to stalk
abroad undisturbed as a part of a premeditated
and odious system of oppression and intimida-
tion. With that end in view, I hold that the
officers appointed by the President, and holding
their commissions at his will, have flagrantly
and corruptly prostituted their places and powers
in furtherance of these outrages. Sir, all these
things, and more, are proved in the documents
before the House, and accessible to all of us.
Not one of them can be truthfully gainsayed.
Will this House make itself a party to such in-
famous fraud and tyranny? If so, let it reject the
amendment, and consent to an unconditional ap-
propriation of the means to sustain them. For
one, sir, I will never agree to it. No, sir, never.
Mr. LETCHER. It seems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that this is rather an extraordinary prop-
osition to^be offered as an amendment. The
gentleman states that this is a mere bogus Legis-
lature in Kansas, and that it is absurd to talk
about treason in connection with the violation of
the laws passed by such a legislative body. Well,
now, if this be so—if it be so plain that no treason
has been committed by these parties, that no
violation of any legal enactment has taken place,
then it seems to me that it is not necessary for
Congress to legislate for the purpose of discharg-
ing the parties from imprisonment, or relieving
them from punishment. If no law has been vio-
lated, they will be discharged whenever this
matter comes to trial. If a law has been violated,
if these men have attempted to subvert the Gov-
ernment, if they have disregarded the laws of the
land, then it seems to me that they ought to be
punished, and that this Hj&use is very poorly
employed in seeking to nullify the laws by its
legislative enactment, to screen them.
Sir, if these laws are void, why have not these
gentlemen come forward and passed a bill repeal-
ing them ? Why is it, that, instead of presenting
a bill to repeal them, and to declare them void,
they come forward here with a proviso of this
sort annexed to an appropriation bill, which pre-
sents no distinct issue on which this House can
vote, and settle and decide the question? Sir, I
should like to know of the gentleman from New
Jersey, whether he and his friends are afraid of
the couris of the country?
Mr. PENNINGTON. I am afraid of the courts
of the Territory of Kansas. That I have no
hesitation in saying.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman is afraid of
the courts of the Territory of Kansas, and the
gentleman and his friends are also afraid of the
criminal court in this District; for it has been but
a short time since that court was assailed by
gentlemen on the other side of the House.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I have very little con-
fidence in it, I assure yuu. Recent developments
