430
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 18,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Weller.
Senate.
It is hardly to be expected that the farmer or
laboring man, with his family, who desires to emi-
grate to California, will run the risk and endure
the hardships incident to such a journey. The
Indian disturbances in that region have seriously-
retarded, and last year almost entirely prevented,
overland emigration to our State, and this has !
been a serious loss to us. That class of men
 laborers and mechanics—who would contri- [
9 bute so much to the wealth and prosperity of
the State, have, by these causes, been kept away I
from it. If we in California desire to revisit our
former homes, we are compelled to make a long j
voyage by sea through the tropics, by Panama j
or Nicaragua, exposed to all the dangers incident ;
to that climate.
In the event of war with any maritime Power,
the full force of the first blow must be felt by lis
on the Pacific. And, although no army which
any European State could put in .the field would 1
be able to conquer our people, yet we must be
detached from the Union until we shall be able ,
to obtain the command of the ocean ; and afler ;
we had obtained the control of the Caribbean sea |
and of the Gulf of Mexico, we would have to
rely upon the friendship of foreign Governments t
to throw our troops and supplies into California. 1
Thousands of valuable lives would be sacrificed
in sending troops over these routes.
Let me call your attention for a few moments
to the report of the Secretary of War, in which
he says :
" In the first years of a war with any great maritime
power, the communication by«ea could not be relied upon
for the transportation of supplies from the Atlantic to the
Pacific States. Our naval peace establishment would not
furnish adequate convoys for the number of store-ships
which it would be necessary to employ, and store-ships
alone laden with supplies could not undertake a voyage of
twenty thousand miles, passing numerous neutral ports,
where an enemy's armed vessels, even of the smallest size,
might lie in wait to intercept them.
" The only line of communication, then, would be over-
land, and by this it would be impracticable, with any means
heretofore used, to furnish the amount of supplies required :
for the defense of the Pacific frontier. At the present
prices, over the beat part of this route, the expense of land
transportation alone, for the annual supplies of provisions,
clothing, camp equipage,and ammunition, for such an army
as it would be necessary to maintain there, would exceed
§20,000,000; and to maintain troops and carry on defensive
operations under those circumstances, the expense per
man would be six times greater than it is now: the land
transportation of each field twelve-pounder, with a due
supply of ammunition for one year, would cost $9,500; of each
twenty-four pounder and ammunition, ®9,000; and of a sea-
coast gun and ammunition, $12,000. The transportation of
ammunition for a year for one thousand sea-coast guns "j
would cost $10,000,000. But the expense of transportation '
would be vastly increased by a war; and at the rates that
were paid on the northern frontier during the last war
with Great Britain, the above estimates would be trebled.
The time required for the overland journey would be from
four to six months. In point of fact, however, supplies for
such an army could not be transported across the continent.
On the arid and barren belts to be crossed, the limited quan-
tities of water and grass wauld soon be exhausted by the
numerous draught animals required for heavy trains, and
over such distances forage could not be carried for their
subsistence.
" On the other hand, the enemy would send out his sup-
plies at from one-seventh to one twentieth the above rates,
and in less time—perhaps in one fourth the time—if he
should obtain command of the Isthmus routes.
" Any reliance, therefore, upon furnishing that part of
our frontier with means of defense from the Atlantic and
interior States, after the commencement of hostilities, would
be vain; and the next resource would be to accumulate there
such amount of stores and supplies as would suffice during
the continuance of the contest, or until we could obtain
command of the sea. Assigning but a moderate limit to this
period, the expense would yet be enormous. The fortifi-
cations, depots, and store-houses would necessarily be on
the largest scale, and the cost of placing supplies there for
five years would amount to nearly one hundred millions of
dollars.
" In many respects the cost during peace would be equiv-
alent to that during war. The perishable character of many
articles would render it, perhaps, impracticable to put pro-
visions in depot for such a length of time; and in any case
there would be deterioration amounting to some millions
of dollars per year.
" These considerations, and others of a strictly military
character, cause the Department to examine with interest
all projects promising the accomplishment of a railroad
communication betvveenthe navigable waters of the Missis- ,
sippi and those of the Pacific ocean. As military operations
depend in a greater degree upon rapidity and certainty of
movement than upon any other circumstance, the introduc-
tion of railway transportation has greatly improved the !
means of defending our Atlantic and inland frontiers; and
to give us a sense of security from attack upon the most i
exposed portion of our territoty, it is requisite that the fa-
cility of railroad transportation should be extended to the !
Pacific coast. Were such a road completed, our Pacific
coast, instead of being further removed in time, and less ac-
cessible to us than to an enemy, would be brought within a.
few days of easy communication, and the cost of supplying I
an army there, instead of being many times greater to us
than to him, would be about equal. We would be relieved
of the necessity of accumulating large supplies on that coast,
to waste, perhaps, through long years of peace; and we
could frel entire confidence that, let war come when and
with whom it may, before a hostile expedition could reach
that exposed frontier, an ample force could be placed there
to repel any attempt at invasion."
These facts show the importance of the road
for military purposes; and I trust that those who
sincerely desire to retain our possessions on the
Pacific as a part of our Union, will allow them to
exercise a proper influence on their minds.
If the telegraph which I propose in this bill
were constructed, so that, in the event of a war,
intelligence could thereby be communicated at
once to San Francisco, we might possibly be
able to obtain the supremacy of the Pacific before
you had succeeded in obtaining the control of the
Atlantic.
There are nearly six hundred vessels engaged
in whaling upon the northern Pacific, and also a
large number of clipper ships there, which could
easily be converted into prirateersmen,if suitable
ordnance and ordnance stores could be obtained
at our navy-yard on the bay of San Francisco.
Steamers could be dispatched to the whaling
grounds immediately with intelligence that a state
of war existed, and in this way we might equip
a fleet which no ordinary force could easily over-
come.
Although we are now separated from you by
oceans and foreign States on the one hand, and on
the other by mountains, and the wild, uncultivated
country inhabited by some one hundred and fifty
thousand uncivilized Indians, (most of whom,
by your policy, have been thrown between us,)
we still cling to the Union with all that ardent
enthusiasm and all that patriotic devotion which
characterize true Americans. Let us feel that
your affections, your sympathies, as well as your
interests, are identified with ours—allow us to nave
close and frequent communication with you as
equals and as brethren of the same common family,
and California will never desert you. I consider
it utterly impossible in the very nature of things
to retain our Pacific possessions unless you es-
tablish a direct communication with thejn; and I
predict that, unless this is done, there will be an
independent government on that coast in less than
fifteen years. You must break down the bar-
riers which Nature has interposed between you
and them, or such will be the inevitable result.
There is a " sick man" who is the owner of very
rich and valuable lands immediately upon our
southern border, and in the event of his death
California might claim the right to administer
upon his estate. j
As an-American who desires to sec this Union
perpetuated, I have made this declaration in the |
hearing of the Senate. Although loyal, as I have !
already said, to the Union, we must have equal
laws, equal rights, and equal protection. j
A few words as to the length of time it may re- j
quire to construct this road. We have felt that, in !
the present depreciated condition of railroad stock ]
in the United States, very large inducements must
be held out to capitalists to enlist them in this
work. The investments in railroads in the United
States at this time amount to $700,000,000. If
gentlemen desire to form opinions as to the prob-
ability of our being able to complete this road in
a reasonable time, let them examine -the statement i
which I will now read to the Senate: !
" The following table exhibits the progressive annual in- 1
crease of the railroad mileage in the whole United States
since the year 1828 ; ,
Years. Miles. Years. lliles. :
1828   3 1843   4,174
1829   28 1844   4,311
1830   41 1845   4,511
1831..•  54 1846   4,870
183 2  131 1847  5,336
1833   576 1848   5,682 ,
1834   762 1849   6,350 |j
183 5  918 1850   7,355 ii
183 6   1,102 1851  9,090 \
183 7 1,421 1852 11.631
183 8 1,843 1 853 13;379;l
183 9 1,S20 1S54  16.928 M
184 0 2,167 1855 19;664 j
184 1 3,319 1856  23,242 j!
184 2   3,877 |l
" From the above tables it will be perceived that, without
including double and treble tracks, we have now in the
Union 23,242 miles of railroad, and we have, probably, '
2,000 miles of double track, making in all more than 25,000
miles of iron way, or a length more than sufficient to encir- . •
ele the globe at the equator. Within ten years the length
has been quadrupled, and since 1850 alone, tripled. It will
also be seen that the annual increase has been in an increas-
ing ratio; and that this increase is to be continued in the
future, it need oirty he stated that there are now at least
6,000 miles in process of construction, that will be in use
before the end of the year 1857. Truly this is a wonderful
age; and what may not another quarter of a century pro-
duce, seeing the grand result of the last quarter! Valuing
the completed railroads at$30,000 per mile, the capital now
invested in this interest amounts to $697,260,000."
This table will show that, in 1850,1,005 miles of
railroads were constructed. In 1851, ] ,735miles;
in 1852, 2,541 miles; in 1853,1,743, and in 1854,
3,938 miles. If the people of the United States
were able in 1854 to construct nearly 4,000 miles of
railroad, do you not think that they, with the aid
that this bill gives, could make this road—some
1,500 or 1,800 miles—within five years? A route
can be selected which presents no more of natu-
ral obstacles than are presented upon the routa
from New York to Dunkirk, or from Cumberland
to Wheeling.
Various estimates have been made as to the
probable orofits which could reasonably be
anticipated from this road. I do not propose
going into this question. It is one which, I doubt
not, will be closely looked into by those who
desire to become contractors. But there is one
view which I desire to present, and that is as to the
amount the people who travel to and from Cal-
ifornia will save by this work. There are some
sixty thousand persons passing backward and
forward from that coast to the Atlantic, at an ex-
pense of $250 per capita. This makes $15,000,-
000. The time lost in traveling, at two dollars
per day to each, would make $2,160,000. Making
$17,000,000 in the aggregate. By the railroad the
same number of persons passing over it at $100
each will amount to $6,000,000. Deducting for
the difference in time—60,000 passengers, six
days at two dollars per day, is $720,000; making
an aggregate saving of $10,440,000, besides the
saving of expenses of sickness, almost always
consequent upon a long sea voyage through the
tropics.
The Secretary of War, in his report, from page
99 to 104, goes fully into this question; but Iwill
not trouble the Senate to read it. I have seen no
estimates which place the net profits of the road
at less than thirteen per cent, per annum. If,
as I suppose is the fact, the road can be con-
structed for $80,000,000, the Government is now
paying in the transportation of mails, troops, sup-
Eiies, &e., to the Pacific coast, about four and a
alf per cent, per annum on that amount. In
other words, I mean to say that, if the road was
finished, and at a cost not exceeding $80,000,000,
the Government, with its present supplies, &c.,>
and at the present prices, would pay the contract-
ors four and a half per cent, upon their invest-i
ment. But, as I said, I did not intend to go into
this question, but leave it to others more interested
in it. I will here drop it.
But, Mr. President, I have already trespassed
perhaps too far upon the time of the Senate; but.
I sincerely desire, if possible, to obtain speedy
action upon this bill. Senators who have opposed
it heretofore upon the ground that we had not
sufficient information on the subject, can no longer
doubt upon this point. I ask them to come up,
in the spirit of patriotism, to aid me in the con-
struction of this work, which will redound more
to the glory and honor, and the future wealth and
prosperity of our country, than any work ever
undertaken by any Government of either ancient
or modern times. Standing here as the sole
representative of the Pacific coast, I am asking,
nt your hands, that justice and impartiality which
will enable us to feel proud that we are a part of
the American family. I ask you, Senators, to
turn aside from the discussion of sectional ques-
tions, which are now convulsing the Republic from
its center to its circumference, and unite with me
in carrying through a measure which will ulti-
mately make ours the greatest commercial nation
on theglobe. I invite you, in the name of a far and
distant constituency, to observe the golden rule,
and do unto them as you would others should do
unto you. They love the Union. They are ready
to sacrifice their lives, if necessary, to maintain it;
but loyalty and protection are correlative duties.
Whilst we stand by you, you must deal justly and
impartially with us. Nonunion, unless founded
