THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, MAY 17, 185S.
New Series No. 77.
alvvajs* a constant fnend and advocate of that road, will
you be kind enough to state under what representations or
impressions you voted for the bill, which, as it now stands,
so injuriously affects the credit and prospects of the road ?
Please also state whether, on occasion of its parage m the
Ilou e, in conversation with you as my immediate repie-
sentative, I requested you to vote against the bill, or made
any attempts to influence you not to vote m its favor.
Veiy truly, yours,
ROBERT C. SCHENCK.
Hon. Lewis D. Campbell, House of Representatives.
In reply to this, Mr. Campbell says:
" During the last session of the last Congiess, I was in-
strumental in producing an agreement between the Iowa
delegation and those representing the interests of the line
of load you now represent, on the basis of making the
giant to the State, and placing the au-line road on a position
of equality with other lines. The bill thus agieedupon
failed t'oi want of tune. Jt was not leached in the regular
order of business in the short session
" With this preface, I come now directly to the points of
your inquiry.
" La t week, the Committee on Public Lands of the
House reported a bdl granting lands to Iowa for railroad
pui poses, and put it on its parage without referring it to the
Committee 01 tae Whole. Otliei pressing duties havmsr pie-
vented mo from examining its details, I mquhed of the chair
mail, who informed me (as 1 understood lum) that it w asm
accordance with the principle of adjustment agreed upon by
conflicting inteiests at the last se «ion. I theiefoie voted,
on the preliminary votes, to put the bill on its passage Sub-
sequently, I learned thai the bill was not m teims which
would place the an-line road on equality with o:hei<, and
made known to the chairman the fact, who made an effort
to mtmuuee an amendment in that respect; but under our
rubj< unammou.- consent of the Ilour-e \\a^ neeesMuv at
that ^tago. Objection w<i-> made bv a gentleman fioin Vir-
gin*;i, and F appealed to him personally to \\ I'hdraw his ob-
jection, so as to peimit the amendment. He declined to
withdiaw his objection, and the question reeuned on tiie
pa-sage of the bill. The chanman and other friends of the
bill a&>med me that Mr. Jones, ot Iowa, would have the hill
amended in the Senate, so as to protect the interests of the
an-line road, and I theiefoie aided m the passage of the
bill."
I have before mo an amendment m the hand-
writing of the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands of the House of Representatives,
[Mr. Bennett, of New York,] which was to be
proposed by him. It is—
In (me seven of piinted bill, strike out after the word
Davenport," to the word- to Council Bluffsand insert,
li or Toole's Landing, as the Legislature may detcrmoie.,>
So it may read :
u Fiom the city of Davenport, or Toole's Landing, as the
Legislature may determine,to Council muffs."
Here is the amendment over the signature of
Mr. Bennett himself:
The above is the amendment I am authorized by the
land committee, and the member fiom Iowa, fiom the
Davenpoit distuct, to move m the ilou^e, it it can be none
bv unanimous consent, and without recalling what ha- been
done. 11. BENXXTT.
Thar consent was denied.
Mr. "WADE. It seems to me that the docu-
ments which the Senator from Vermont has read,
place the whole subject m such a position, that
the Senate will at once see the propriety of recon-
sidering this bill, and referring it to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands. It is evident that what Mr,
Schenck said to me was perfectly true. There
is no conflict of statements. He knew nothing
at all about the pendency of this bill. He knew
nothing of it until after the previous question was
fastened upon it in the House, when, by their
rules, no amendment could be made except by
unanimous consent; and that consent could not
be obtained. The bill therefore passed against
the stipulations and agreements of those really in
interest, and with the understanding that the Sen-
ator from Iowa himself should have an amend-
ment attached to n here. I do not say that he
was a party to any such ariangement. 1 do not
insinuate any such thing; but the documents
which have been read show what agreement was
made in the House of Representatives between
those having charge of these interests.
I do not care to follow out this line of observa-
tion further. It appears to me that it must be
perfectly apparent to everybody that a mistake
lias occurred here, and that, by the rules of the
House of Representatives, its members have been
prevented from doing that which would have sub-
served all the purposes of the party in interest.
"Who believes that the bill would have passed the
House, if it was known how it really operated ?
An agreement had been entered into between
certain parties;but, according to the rules of the
House, this most reasonable agreement could not
be made known to that body until after the bill
passed. On this state of facts, well might we
hear rumors that the members of the House were
dissatisfied with what was don<\ When, acting
under these difficulties, they hav* committed a
mistake injurious to the rights of these parties,
where is the just man who will not wish to retrace
his steps and place this bill where it ean very
easily be placed—in the samp condition in which
it would have been if a mistake had not been
committed in consequence of the hot haste with
which it was urged ?
1 think that no man can ask less than that the
bill should be reconsidered, and the amendment
suggested by the Senator from Vermont, or some
other satisfactory to the parties, be altiieJied to it.
I am not here to ask for more than this. I am
not hostile to the bill, whenever it can be passed
in such a manner as will save the rights of those
parties who, in good faith, are interested in it.
I do not stand here to wage war on the proposi-
tions of the Senators from Iowa. I have no
interest contrary to them, and I do not suppose
that my State has. The State of Ohio feels no
particular concern in this matter. I perceive,
however, that the interests of many people will
be materially compromised by this measure, if it
be passed in its present shape. All that I ask is,
that we shall place these parties in the condition
m winch they would have stood if there had been
no precipitate action here; and then let the bill
take its chance, and depend upon the result of a
fair investigation. I cannot consent to have an
investigation cut oft' at this period, when it must
be evident that a mistake has intervened, highly
injurious to the rights of the parties involved,
and which can be very easily remedied.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, obtained the floor.
Mr. PCJGH. 1 hope the Senator from Ten-
nessee, before he proceeds, will allowme to make
a statement which I wish to make in his pres-
ence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. I understood that the Senator,
yesterday morning, made some reflections on the
conduct of Mr. Schenck in drafting the memorial
which I presented
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Not at all; I made
no reflections.
Mr. PUGH. It is so understood by Mr.
Sehenck;antl as I do not find a report of the Sen-
ator's remarks, I wish now to set Mr. Schenck
and myself right.. The censure, if censure is
deserved, belongs to me, for I suggested that
course to him, but not m tins connection. He
came to me before this bill passed the House, and
before it was read here, and stated that lie was
interested in a question which would probably
come before the Committee on Public Lnnds, and
that he desired to have an opportunity to be
heard. I mentioned the matter to the chairman,
[Mr. Stuart,] and probably to my colleague on
the committee from Vermont, [Mr. Foot.] and
I told Mr. Schenck that there would be no ob-
jection to hearing him, but that it would be prefer-
able for him to make a statement in a connected
form, as a petition or memorial, which I would
present to the Senate and have it sent to the com-
mittee. He drew up such a papei, and 1 presented
it. Therefore, it seems to me, as 1 have said,
that if my friend from Tennessee wishes to cen-
sure any person for that document, he should
censure me.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My remarks made
yesterday did not appear this morning, becausc
the Senator from Vermont came to me, and as
the friend of Mr. Schenck, asked me to withhold
them. I never withhold my remarks on occasions
of this kind, because I do not prepare them. 1
always talk as I feel at the time, and it was at
the request of the Senator from Vermont that I
withheld from publication what I said yesterday.
Mr. FOOT. For the reason that my own re-
marks were to be withheld, not having concluded
my speech, the special orders being called for.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I passed no
reflections on Mr. Schenck, or on his honor or
integrity. If I had any such feeling towards him,
I should have said so to Mr. Schenck outside of
the bar of the Senate. I am not in the habit of
attacking, on this floor, men who cannot be heard
heie. No man, I believe, will ever charge me
with havmgdone it. If I have ever dealt in per-
sonalis towards anybody, it has been towards
some maifwho has been my peer on this floor.
I passed no censures on Mr. Schenck. I ques-
tioned the modesty of the proceeding. I said
that was a matter of taste, as I think the notes
will show when they are published, and I shall
not revise them. I repeat, that is a matter of
taste; but I fall back on the comparison which I
then made, (drawing on the kindness of my
fuend from Kentucky.) I said that it did seem
to me to be an impioper interference with affairs
which did not belong to Mr. Schenck, particu-
larly, he not being a citizen of the State, of Iowa.
That was the substance of what I said.
But I desire, Mr. President, to take up this
question as it is. I do not mean to go out into
the lobbies to get rumors or statement's there. I
do not mean to rely on the impressions of mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, as to what
Avas done, or what they understood was to be
done. With all this I have nothing to do; I care
nothing for it. I am here to act on my own re-
sponsibility, on my own judgment, and on my
own convictions of duty. I doubt not that every
honorable Senator here is actuated by the same
considerations. I have only to inquire and ascer-
tain whether it is my duty, as a Senator, to vote:
tor the bill before the Senate, On my honest
i convictions I voted for the bill, and on the same
j convictions remaining unchanged, I shall oppose
, the reconsideration of it.
I The Senator from Vermont, with a zeal com-
mensurate, I think, with a much better cause,
attempts to show that there has been some mis-
understanding, or misconception, or perversion,
of facts here. I know that he does not make this
remark in any offensive sense. The Senator from
Iowa had said, and I believe 1 had repeated from
him, that there were no memorials from the
Legislature of Iowa asking fortius air-line road,
as it is called. I do not believe that the Senator
from Vermont maintains that there arc such me-
morials. The Senator from Iowa went further,
and said that there were no memorials from the
people of Iowa for it. In that, perhaps, he was
mistaken. I think it is probable that he was
mistaken in regard to this point; but that docs not
change the fact-to which we must look. I desire
the Senate to look at this matter just as it is, not
governed by outside influences, either for the
Senators from Iowa, or Mr. Schenck, of Ohio.
I want Senators to look at it as becomes them,
representing the interest of the nation.
Here are the roads laid down upon a map be-
fore me, not controverted by anybody. First,
let me take the road beginning at Dubuque and
running on the most northern route proposed.
What is it? It connects with a road already fin-
ished and working from Dubuque through the
States of Illinois and Michigan, to New'York,
Boston, and the whole North and northeast. Is
not that a work of a national character? Is it a
Utopian scheme, when you have a railroad built
from Boston, New York, and Washington, run-
ning directly to Dubuque? Andhere the Congress
of the United States are asked to grant alternate
sections of land from six miles on each side of
that line, to continue it to the Pacific or wherever
else it may go. Is not that national? It is no
airline of fancy; it is not a dotted line; it is a
real, substantial, living thing, actually working
to-day. Yet the Senator from Vermont thinks it
is very strange that we should include so many
roads m the bill.
Now let us come to the next road south—the
one commencing at Lyons, which is about sixty
miles below Dubuque, according to my map,
which I think is a better one than that of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, because his is made for the
77
