1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2091
in it are not calculated to inspire my confidence
or that of the-country.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no doubt about that.
I take it, that the gentleman lias no confidence in
any criminal court in this District or in Kansas.
He has no confidence in their decisions where
the parties, as in Kansas, have been regularly
indicted and brought up for tria!.
Mr. PENNINGTON. Will the gentleman
from Virginia allow me to aslc him a question ?
Mr. LETCHER. Certainly.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask my friend from
Virginia whether he really holds or believes that
any person has been guilty of treason within the
limits of the Territory of iCansas?
Mr. LETCHER. I believe that there has
been; and, sir, in regard to that matter, I say
here, that when parties in Kansas have provided
themselves with arms and ammunition, and aie
solemnly sworn under oath " to subvert the
Government," there has been treason. That is
my answer to the gentleman; and he will not
pretend to deny that these parties in Kansas have
been sworn to carry out their purpose, even if the
Government were to be subverted by it. Now,
if that be so, and if they have incurred these ob-
ligations under the leaders of that body, then
they have been guilty of misconduct in reference
to a law of the land which now stands unrepealed
on the statute-book, for which they ought to be
punished. That is my view of it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The debate, I
believe, is exhausted upon this amendment; and
I will not ask the gentleman from Ni^v Jersey
to withdraw his amendment, for the purpose of
enabling me to say a few words upon the subject.
I am willing that the committee shall vote upon
the amendment without further debate. When
the bill is brought into the House, I shall have
the opportunity, without violating any rule, of
Baying a few words upon the subject. I, there-
fore, hope that the vote will be taken at once.
But, with the permission of the committee, I will
say that I am satisfied that no man will be prose-
cuted, or punished for treason, now imprisoned,
or under arrest, 111 Kansas. That is all I have
to say now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman by what authority he makes the asser-
tion ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I say more. I take the
responsibility of saying that I know it.
Mr. KUNKEL. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio how he knows it? How has he become
the recipient of information that has been denied
to every gentleman on this side of the House?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask for tellers upon
the amendment.
* Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Barclay were appointed.
The question was taken on Mr. Pennington's
amendment; and the tellers reported—ayes 91,
noes 73.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agiecd to."
[At this point the committee rose informally;
and the Speaker having resumed the Chair, a mes-
sage was received^rom the Senate, by Asbury
Dickies, their Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate insisted on its amendments to
the Navy appropriation bill, disagreed to by the
House, and disagreed to the amendment of the
House to one of said amendments, and asked
for a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses; and had appointed Messrs. Hun-
ter, Mallory, and Fish, managers of said con-
ference on its part.]
Mr. GROW. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment:
A(M as follows:
And no pio.-ecutioris shall hereafter be commenced for
any of the acts above specified.'*
Mr. TRIPPE. 1 would inquire whether an
amendment to add, after the Senate have stricken
out, is m order? It placcs the committee in the
most singular predicament, one it cannot be put
into under any parliamentary rules. This House
made an amendment that the laws of Kansas
should not be executed. I state it m brief.
Mr. EDIE. Discussion is not in order, and I
raise tin; point on the gentleman from Georgia.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is stating
| his question of order, and the Chair hopes no
! gentleman will object.
! TRIPPE. I do not design to make an
; argument against the policy of these amendments,
: but merely to state my question of order. This
: House made an amendment that the laws of
| Kansas should not be executed. The Senate
. struck out that amendment. An amendment is
| offered to the amendment of the Senate; it says
tFvat the laws of Kansas shall not be executed.
Those who vote for that amendment vote that
the laws of Kansas shall not be executed; and
those who vote to disagree to the Senate's amend-
ment as amended vote that the laws of Kansas
shall not be executed. So, in either case, every
j member votes that the laws of Kansas shall not
j be executed. If we vote to concur in the amend-
I ment as amended, we vote that the laws of Kan-
| sas shall not be executed, and we vote to the
; same effect when we vote against concurring m
| the Senate's amendment as amended. Now,
under the parliamentary law, I hold that thus
House cannot be placed in such a position.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. GROW. I have offered the amendment
for the purpose of saying a few words on the
j civil and judicial proceedings in Kansas. The
j gentleman from Virginia says, that we take the
; ground, that there are no valid laws in that Tcrri-
j tory—if so, there can be no offenses committed;
I ana he asks, why, then, the necessity for these
; provisoes?
| The Kansas investigating committee, whose
j duty it was, under the order of the House, to in-
| quire into the validity of the elections held in that
| Territory, report that all the members of the
| Legislative Assembly, except one, were elected
' by illegal votes, polled by non-residents. The j
j election was controlled by armed bodies of men i
from Missouri. The Shawnee Assembly was :
therefoie a usurpation of legislative power, 1
forced upon the bona fide inhabitants by fraud and :
violence, and its enactments could have no bind- [
ing force as valid law. But the President has i
declared that they must be enforced at the point |
of the bayonet if necessary, and Judge Lerompte j
decided upon their validity m advance by an 1
extrajudicial decision. ;
I will not stop now to comment on the character '
of the enactments of this pretended Legislature, j
which aie themselves, in oppression and wrong, a
disgrace to the civilization of the age. Criminal
prosecutions have been instituted and bills found
by the grand jury for treason, under the direction j
of the court, against men who have committed no ]
offense, save that they desired to rid themselves of \
this usurpation and despotism, and to peaceably 1
assemble and petition the Governmentfor a redress j
of grievances. In the case of Arkansas, General !
Jackson decided that the people of a 'Territory [
possessed the right peaceably to assemble at any 1
time, with or nUkout a law of Congress, or the j
Territorial Legislature, and jut in a State consti- |
tution, and present their petition, accompanied by |
said constitution, to Congress. Yet, for doing !
this in the Territory of Kansas, men tire in irons ,
to-day, charged with treason, when the Consti- !
tution declares that treason against the United j
States shall consist only inpvtrt acts: In levying
war against them,or m adhering to their enemies,
giving them aid and comfort." These men having
violated no law, are held m custody, waiting a .
trial by a packed jury, before a judire who has
decided the case m adv anee. In the United States
courts, jurors not being drawn from a panuei, as
in most if not all the State courts, the marshal ■
summons whom he pleases for each court. And
the marshal to pack the jury for the trial of these ;
men, is the same who summoned his posse to bum '
the houses of peacable citizens; and who permits
them to destroy, without legal process, the
property of unoffending citizens; to search their '
persons and seize their papers and effects. We
declare, by the provisoes of tins bill, that no ■
citizen charged with treason in said Territory is .
to be prosecuted by the President or any of his ;
appointees, for doing only what he lias the right ,
to do under the guarantees of the Constitution of :
his country. _ t j
It is now proclaimed (by what authority 1 know j
not) that these prosecutions are to be dismissed i
Under the laws of the country there are but two ;
persons clothed with the authority to liberate ;
these men—the President of the'United States and
Judge Lecompte. The latter is not authorized
to communicate with Congress, only in the way
provided for all citizens of the country. And
there is but one way provided by the Consti-
tution in which the President can communicate
with this House, and that is by message. Any
other mode of attempting to influence the action
of this House, is a breach of its privilege, and
should be received like any other outside rumor.
Sir, it is not for the House to change its proposed
action by any rumors coming from such a source.
The declaration that these men will be liberated
is an admission that they ought to be. Let the
act be done, then. All we ask is security for its
performance, and that we have in the provisoes
that we have attached to the appropriations in
this bill, out of which these prosecutions, if pro-
ceeded with, must be paid. And shall we release
it on any vague rumor, or even the word of the
men who have it in their power to perform the
act? When performed, these provisoes become
inoperative, and are therefore harmless, save as
a guarantee that justice shall be done. Shall we
longer trust the rights of American citizens, rely-
ing upon us for protection, and who are exclu-
sively under our jurisdiction, without any guar-
antee for the future, to officials who violate every
principle of civilliberty ? This is the only means
left to this House in order to save the freemen of
Kansas, who have violated no law, from the
packed juries, and the power of a judge who has
brought disgrace upon American jurisprudence,
and added another name to the list of the world's
atrocious judges. A specific restriction on the
mode of expending a specific appropriation is not
revolutionary, for similar ones are inserted in
almost every appropriation bill that passes Con-
gress. There can be no doubt of our right, or
constitutional power, to withhold these aranropri-
ations for Kansas entirely; and if so, we ©an of
course grant them on such conditions as we think
pioper. That is all that we have done, or pro-
pose to do; and when the Senate denies that we
can put a specific condition to an appropriation
for a speciiic object, it w time the House vindi-
cated us rights asacoordmate branch of the Gov-
ernment. We declare that we will vote no money
t to support a usurpation upon any portion of the
American people, or to pay a Legislature elected
! by fraud and violence, or to enforce any of these
spurious laws, especially when they prevent, by
severe penalties, freedom of speech and of the
press, and violate every principle of civil liberty.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,
this discussion has, I think, come to a point
where gentlemen ought to make up their minds
what they are going to do. I agree with gentle-
men that the prosecutions in Kansas ought not
to proceed. Constructive treason is a scandal
in tins republican land. I agree with gentle-
men thot there is not a shadow of foundation for
indictments for treason, if the opinion and state-
ment of Judge Lccompte be correctly reported in
the papers. It embodies the very evil which the
Constitution has, if he be right, vainly tried to
avert. I agree with this side of the House that,
in a case of revolutionary necessity, they have a
right to arrest the appropriations, for the conduct
of the judicial departments of the Government
as well as of any others; but we have not reached
that point where a revolutionary remedy is jus-
tifiable, and therefore this amendment is not
proper; and it is childish in the extreme, and 1
cannot accomplish the purpose gentlemen have
in view. It is only teasing, worrying, and futile.
Your judge is there. Does this remove him?
Your sheriff is there. Does this deprive him of
his power? The power to summon a posse is in
him. Does this arrest it? Your clerk is there.
Can he not enter the indictment? This amend-
ment strips him of his fee for that particular act,
but leaves him the rest of his salary. You do
nothing but strike down the miserable fee to a
particular officer for rendering a particular service.
1 say, then, with all respect, that the amendment
is mere child ;s play. If gentlemen mean to create
revolution, let them apply the vigorous remedy
of the gentleman froi$ Indiana, [Mr. Dunn,] who,
when h« strikes, strikes at the roots; let them
arrest the wheels of Government. If they are
willing to take that responsibility for the accom-
plishment of what they know will be accom-
plished by the progress of time, and by the lack
