1218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
occasion, as f understood him  to show these
roads; and mine is a map made with no reference
to these roads in Iowa, but laying down the roads
actually constructed and now being worked.
Lyons is sixty miles from Dubuque; and with
wnat does the Lyons road connect? This air-
line ideality from Fort Wayne? No, sir; fornot
a single mile of it is in operation. From Lyons
you have a railroad actually constructed and
m operation, passing through the entire width of
the State of Illinois, and again connecting with
the roads going to New York, Boston, Balti-
more, Washington, Richmond, Charleston, and
throughout the whole Union. Is not that a na-.
tional road r
Then I come to the next road whicjj com-
mences at Davenport, and runs out through the
State of Iowa, according to this bill. With what
does it connect? It connects with a railroad ac-
tually in operation passing through the whole,
width of Illinois, and connecting with Ohio, Indi-
ana, Pennsylvania, New York, New England,
Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, and all the States.
Yet it is not a national work! No, sir; it is a
little outside trick, gotten up by these monsters
who ask for four roads ! That is the idea of the
Senator from Vermont. We have three of the
roads provided for in this bill which conncct with
great, lines running East, costing hundreds of
millions of dollars.
I come now to tho last or southern road, as it is
called, and that commences at Burlington. Does
that stop upon the river with no connections ?
No, sir. It connects with a line of railroad of the
same character, passing through the whole width
of Illinois, crossing the Central railroad of Illinois,
and making its connections with all the great
works of improvement in the North and north-
cast.
Senators talk about not knowing what is done.
If they do not know what is done, I hope that
the interests of the people of Iowa will not bo
crushed under the willing ignorance of gentlemen
who do not choose to look and inquire. Every
one of the roads proposed connects with works of
improvement already in operation and built up
to the very line of the Slate of Iowa. Gentlemen
talk about the invasion of other interests, f would
not invade the interests of any body. If 1 could
avoid it, I would invade no man's interests, and
the interests of no association of men.
But let me refer again to the lower, or Burling-
ton road. From that point they have a road;
they havp their subscriptions for it, as well as the
Senator's'friend has his subscnptions;and, more
than he can boast of, they have fifteen or twenty
miles of the road finished and in operation to-day.
Why will you undertake to abolish that road,
twenty miles of which are now in operation, as
is the proposition of the Senator from Vermont,
as 1 understand?
Mr. FOOT. Not at all.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will come to
what the Senator did say directly. I understood
him to say (and 1 ask to be corrected if I am
wrong) that he wished to strike out two roads
and insert one.
Mr. FOOT. Beyond a certain point. The
proposition is to begin at Burlington and at Daven-
port, where these twosouthorn roads commence,
on the Mississippi, and run them to a common
point, which would be near Oskaloosa, thus saving
all the work done on both these lines; and alter you
get to that point, to go on a common trunk to the
Missouri river. That does not invade anybody's
rights.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is just ex-
actly the very answer which 1 wished to provoke.
They want to defeat the construction of these two
roads, and muke them dependencies and sub-
serviencies to the air line, so called. That is it.
Sixty miles of the Davenport road are finished,
but you want to defer this appropriation, and force
them to go into your line. Twenty miles of the
Burlington road arc finished, but you want to
force them into the central line.
Mr. FOOT. There was no such intimation on
my part; and no implication can be raised from
the language of the amendment, of that character.
There is no forcing about it. After bringing the
roads, starting from Davenport and Burlington, to
some point near Oskaloosa, I propose that they
shall run on a common line to the Missouri river
—notin any given line, but leaving it to the Legis-
lature to fix it. That is the scope of the amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. What is to be done
with the Davenport road and the road from Bur-
lington, which are constructed now? Are you
going to abandon them, take off the cars, take up
the rails, and put them down to this converging
point from which you go west ?
Mr. FOOT. No, sir; I made no such state-
ment.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If you abandon them,
you cannot help doing this.
Mr. FOOT. There is no abandonment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Ifl understood tho
amendment suggested by the honorable Senator
from Vermont, it was that these roads should
all be consolidated. Certainly, if itdid not mean
that, I heard it very imperfectly. There were three
roads, and the argument was that they could not
pay; that it was impossible for any man to find
remuneration for his investment in them, and
that he was anxious to consolidate them on some
common line; I do not remember where. But
that does not obviate the objection which I make.
The lower road has twenty miles in operation.
Why do not Mr. Schenck's friends go down and
join that road ? The upper road at Davenport
has sixty miles in operation. I invite you, in
the name of the Iowa Senators, and if I were per-
mitted to do so, 1 would invite you in the name
of the people of Iowa, m carrying out your large,
liberal, and patriotic idea of building a road on
your own hook, to come and join us on a road
of which we have already built sixty miles. Is
not that fairer than your proposition ? 1 submit
to the honorable Senator from Vermont himself,
whether it is not so? These people have already
expended money enough to build sixty miles of
road, and put it m working operation. If there is
to be a conflict—if some one of these roads must be
diverted from its true channel, I ask you if it is
not better that the road which lias not a single
mile built, and has only $300,000 of bonds paid
over to the contractors, should diverge a little to
the rii ht and join the Davenport road, than that
the Davenport company, who have already sixty
miles built, should diverge to this road ? If the
Senator from Vermont wishes to bo fair, let him
oiler an amendment of that sort, and we will take
him m and allow hmi to join us.
But, Air. President, I wish to got back to the
real subject. Here are roads to Dubucjue and to
Burlington and Davenport, completed and in op-
eration; and the people in Iowa are asking 1o be
permitted, by the aid of the General Government,
being feeble themselves and unable to do it, to
continue these roads to their western borders.
Is it not a proper request?
The Senator from Vermont says that the road
which he is advocating, and which he thinks
ought to be included, is eminently a national
road. Admit that, if you please, for the sake of
argument: but is it any more national than the
roads which are already finished and completed ?
Are not our four roads equal in length, equal in
point of capacity, and in every sense equal to the
roads which you proposer Are they "not as
national as your road? Nobody can doubt that;
but what invests your road with this distinctive
appellation of nationality > Is it because of the
amount of money which you have invested in it ?
Is it because of the amount of facility which it
affords the Govornmentfor defense ? Is it because
of the facility it gives to commerce ? If all this
be so, still has it any advantage over these other
roads? None at all. It stands upon the same
foundation, to say the most that can be said for it.
Air FOOT. Let me tell the honorable Senator
at this point, that it is one hundred and seventy
miles nearer to the Mississippi river from New
York city, by the air-line road from Fort Wayne,
m connection with the ^astern roads, than by any
other route completed or in course of construc-
tion.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. There must be
some mistake about that. I have been a railroad
president myself; and I believe the honorable
Senator from Vermont has been.
Mc. FOOT. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think I know
something about railroads, and the Senator cannot
take thismapand make out thirty miles difference
to save his life, by the air-lme road to New York,
and these other roads. I defy him to take tho
map and do it. I have measured maps by the day
and by the week, and I can very well understand
how gentlemen arrive at'the conclusion that it is
nearer, because they assume that some roads
may not be made, as I might assume that your
not ail-line road may not be made. Your road is
made. Will you pretend to say to say to me that
there is one mile of that road in operation ?
Mr. FOOT. What portion?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Through Iowa or
Illinois. I can show you the most beautiful line
of road from Charleston to the city of Cincinnati,
that the world ever saw, just exactly like yours,
dotted down, surveyed, marked out, and planned,
the nearest route that can be made from the
Atlantic sea-board to what was then considered
the heart of the valley of the Mississippi—Cif&in-
nati; and yet the first spade has never been
struck in it. You might as well argue from that
to arrive, at a conclusion, as argue now, on your
premises, that yours is the nearest road which
can or will be made. What irfciy be made, I
cannot tett; but at this point I wish to pin down
the honorable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
What are you complaining of? That these other
roads arc to be built by the aid of the Government.
That is the objection—it conflicts with your
interests. The Senator from Ohio maintained,
with his usual earnestness, that here were men
who had invested their means upon their own
responsibility, asking nothing, expecting nothing,
but simply to be permitted to invest their funds
and build the road. Well, sir, who is objecting
to that? Nobody. Is there a man here who
objects to it ? The honorable Senator from Ohio
spoke loudly, and strongly, and earnestly, of the
monstrous injustice that might be done to these
gentlemen.
Mr. WADE. The gentleman understands
that 1 said that the roads provided for in the bill,
in my judgment, conflicted with the one of which
Mr. Schenck is president. If these roads were
all made, of course there would be no use of
making that. I suppose the Senator will not
maintain that any number of roads maybe main-
tained side by side.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator made
a remark which I took down, because it was
illustrative of his candor. He stated that what
he said were loose remarks, not knowing much
about the matter. I can tell him, in regard to
the two roads between which the road of Mr.
Schenck lies, that one of them is in operation
for sixty miles' the other for twenty miles.
There is, then, an actual investment there, and
roads actually in operation. The moment you
cross the Mississippi river, from their termini
there, you are on the highway to every point in
the United States, so far as the North and north-
east are concerned.
Mr. WADE. You can make a road anywhere,
if you have the money.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You can make a
road anywhere out of your own money. I am
; meetingyou,and accepting your own issue. You
j complain that, after these people have invested
j their money, we are intcrfeimg wjth their rights
| by the building of other roads. Why, sir, the
> truth is that they are interfering with the rights
| of others who have commenced before them, and
! if gentlemen will look at it, they will see that it
. is so. The air-line people have not a mile of
j road working; but the very two roads of which
' they arc complaining are in operation—one tor
twenty and the other for sixty miles. Who is
the trespasser? You want a new hearing, and
for what? If there is a trespass at all, you are
the trespassers; bccause these road have started
before you, and they arc progressingnow rapidly,
and you are just beginning with your road—not
a mile of it yet down.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator from Ten-
nessee allow mc to interrupt him ?
Mr* JONES, of Tennessee. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. I think I can give the Senator
accurate information in reference to several links
of this grand line, termed the air line, which it is
claimed, and I think shown very clearly, from
Council Bluffs to the city of Philadelphia or New
York is about one hundred and sixty or one hun-
dred and seventy miles shorter than any other
road now in operation, or in contemplation with
any probability of ready completion. From Phil-
adelphia to Williamsport one hundred and ninety-
