482
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 21,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Slavery Question—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
companies of men, specially equipped for war
in New England, less deserving the name of
invaders, than the Missourians with their mere
fowling-pieces? The arrogance of pharisaical
puritanism might justify tire former and condemn
the latter, just as it would deny the right to carry
slave property there; but those whose visions are
not limited to theirown little section of this Con-
federacy, or who would not surrender to party the
rights of the people of every State, can make no
discrimination. If the Secretary had used the
words " invasive aggression," the Black Repub-
licans should, and probably would, have under-
stood it as menacing them; at all events, they
would have howled as horribly at their use as
they have done at their omission.
Bat, sir, the words were properly omitted, be-
cause they were unnecessary and liable to misap-
prehension and misapplication. The words used
are coextensive with any exigency that could
have been anticipated, or that can possibly arise.
The colonels are ordered to obey tne requisitions
of the Governorfor " suppression of insurrectionary
combinations or armed resistance to the execution of
mthe law." What matters it, whether insurrec-
tionary combinations or armed resistance be med-
itated and organized within or without the Terri-
tory, by citizens of Kansas or Missouri ? When-
ever insurrectionists or resistants endeavor to
put their illegal purposes in action, by rising up
within, or entering from without, they subject
themselves alike to the consequences, and invoke
suppression by military force of the Government.
All who put themselves in opposition to lawful,
civil, or political authority within Kansas, are
insurgents, whether residents or non-residents.
All who put themselves in armed resistance to the
laws, no matter whence they come, are aggress-
ors, and if they come from without are invading
aggressors.
The orders are, too, in strict conformity to the
act of Congress, in spirit and letter, adopting the
▼ery language of those acts in directing when,
how, and for what purpose to exert the military
force of the Government. Let the assailants of
the Secretary compare the orders and the acts,
and show wherein he has transcended, or fallen
short, or departed in any degree, from the law;
and if they fail, as they must, to show any depart-
ure, let them blame the makers of the law, and
correct its imperfections. The words " invasive
aggression" should have been omitted, because
they are not used in the law under andby which,
and which only, the orders were issued.
Again, they were liable to misapprehension and
abusive misinterpretation. What do Senators
mean by armed invaders from Missouri ? Are we
so far advanced in this age of progressive depart-
ure from the provisions of the Federal Constitu-
tion,that the entrance of thepeopleof a slavehold-
ing State into the Territories is an invasion ? Or
areMissourians, in Free-Soil dialect, foreigners
or savages ? Is the entrance by them with arms
in their nands, armed invasion or invasive aggres-
sion ? Does not the Constitution guaranty to
them, in common with the people of Massachu-
setts, the right to bear arms, and freedom of
transit into or out of the States or Territories ?
And may not the militia of a State be marched
into another State or a Territory where the
standard of rebellion or insurrection is raised
against the existing government? Does not the
Constitution make this an obligation of the
State governments instead of an invasion.? Do
- Senators mean to renounce this obligation, and
denounce its exercise in declaring against armed
invasion ? Do they mean to forestall and prevent
the employment of the Missouri militia for the
suppression of rebellion? H" so, then they may
find a pretext for censuring the Secretary. But,
if they use the term in the sense usea by the ;
President and Secretary, as "invasive aggression
against the organized Government of the Terri- J
tory," then the orders of the latter embrace the
case which they say was omitted. The orders
direct the officers to comply with the requisi-
tions of the Governor, and suppress all insurrec-
tionary combinations and armed resistance to the
execution of the laws, without inquiring who
are the insurgents or resistants, or whence they
came. To have ordered them to prevent armed
bodies of men from entering the Territory, would
have placed the United States troops in conflict
with the Missourians—the victors of Sacramento
and Chihuahua, who disdain to conceal their
weapons or play the part of assassins—while
puling and coward knaves might have gone in
without let or hindrance, in the garb of peace,
carrying, concealed in boxes, the implements and
munitions of war. This would doubtless have
suited them and theircounselors,but would have
wronged the brave and encouraged the cowardly.
The entrance of armed men from Missouri or
Massachusetts into Kansas is no invasive aggres-
sion, if they go as law-abiding citizens; and the
character in which they go is not to be prejudged,
but determined by their acts after they enter.
The Secretary was right in not predete-mining,
or authorizing his subordinates to predetermine,
their character.
The orders of the Secretary are public acts,
and a legitimate subject of praise or censure. But
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
has gone behind the order and assailed the char-
: acter of the Secretary. He has impeached the
j integrity of his conduct and impugned his motives.
. Indeed, he denied the purity of intention and pro-
priety of action of the entire Administration. He
has assailed, in like manner, the people of the
South. He alleges that they and this Adminis-
tration are sustaining laioless men from Mssouri in
their aggressive acts—the lawless men before whom
the Secretary of War shrinks and bends! Sir, it
would justly excite mirth or indignation, and
provoke bitter words of scorn or contemptuous
phrases of ridicule, should a brave and responsible
man charge with cowering before (jay men, and
more especially lawless men, him whose patriot-
ism and whose courage have been attested by his
blood, and illustrated by his deeds on the heights
of Monterey and plains of Buena Vista. But,
when one who has displayed neither of those
virtues, makes such a charge against such a man,
he should be regarded rather with the pity with
which we look upon an idiot, who cannot appre-
ciate an emotion ne never experienced.
This discussion has indicated the policy^more
distinctly developed in speeches made elsewhere)
of the self-styled Republican party. They are
unwilling to hazard a contest for the presidency
upon the old issues of abolition. They do not
believe that the northern people are yet prepared
to sustain them in an open assault upon the con-
stitutional rights of tne South; and hence the
repeal of the fugitive slave law, the abolition of
slavery in this District, the iqfebition of the inter-
State slave trade and other ami-slavery measures
are suppressed forthe present. Even the wrongs
of the slave no longer form the staple of their
appeals to the northern heart. No; the wrongs
and injuries of the North and the usurpations and
aggressions of the South furnish themes for their
popular harangues. The South, they charge, has
been robbing the North of its just share in the
Territories, the treasures, and the honors of the
Union. They affect not to be aggressors, but the
aggrieved; and are implacably incensed against
the President for assailing their false position.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
denies that there is anything in the plans or purposes
of the emigrant aid society hostile to the Constitu-
tion, to law, order, or peace, or aggressive upon the
I South. And so do all of the party to which he
i belongs. The Senator from New Hampshire
| [Mr. Hale] denies that the North has ever
' " made aggression or ever means to do so;" declares
that she " asks to stand nothing more than ow
equals;" and alleges that all the men about whom
he knows anything, engaged in the anti-slavery
enterprise of the North, " have always disclaimed
utterly the purpose, the desire, or the power to inter-
fere with slavery in any State where it exists." On
the contrary, he alleges that the North has always
" stood on the defensive;" that, " in the history of
this Government there has been no North except to
collect revenue from," and is grievously excused
about the territorial acquisitions of the South, and
her possessions of the high places of the Gov-
ernment. I
The Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
denies there has been any disregard of constitutional
obligations by the northern States, and especially j
by New York and Massachusetts, and charges j
territorial aggrandizement on the South; and, i
addressing his constituents at Albany last fall,
made " the danger of extending slavery" his text,
and expatiated upon the perfidious and insidious
aggressions and bold usurp at ions of" the privileged
class," " the slave aristocracy," their sectional par-
tiality in denying protection to northern tcool, while
freely giving it to the slaveholder's sugar; in giving
millions of acres of public land to Alabama for rail-
roads, or as gratuities, while not a dollar can be ob-
tained for internal improvements in Neic York; and
the humiliation exacted of northern Representa-
tives as the price of pensions to the old soldiers !
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
takes as his text for a discourse in Faneuil Hall
" the slave oligarchy and its usurpations," against
whom he prefers like charges, and utters yet
stronger denunciations.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] in a
stump speech in Maine last summer, denounces
the slave power as " a system of outrage, aggression,
and wrong," and declares the men of the North
and the South are more inimical than the Rus-
sians and the Euglish, and that " the pretended
Union, now existing, is all meretricious."
Ay, sir, the Republican party was professedly
formed to repel "southern aggression!" If its
leaders can persuade the North that their asser-
tions are true, they must achieve a sectional vic-
tory in the coming elections. They invoke to
their aid, not only hatred of the South as an en-
emy, vengeance for the wrongs she has inflicted,
indemnity for past injuries and sAurity for '.he^
future, but the instincts of self-love and self-pres-
ervation. If their assertions be true, it is not only
the duty of the northern people to sustain them
at the polls, but if unsuccessful there in wresting
power from the tyrants who oppress them, to take
up arms and resort to revolution, as has been
attempted by the Republicans in Kansas, and is
approved by their advocates here. The plain
import of the sentiments avowed by their leaders
is, that not only the people of Kansas, but of the
northern States, are suffering intolerable wrongs
and oppreseion, and the inevitable tendency of
their appeals is to civil war and revolution. If
their counsels prevail, I sincerely believe civil
war must and will come. The Union was formed
by the several States as friends and equals, and
was designed to secure justice, tranquillity, and
equality to every State. If it has failed to answer
its purpose, it is truly a meretricious Union, and
its days will soon be numbered.
In order to test the truth of these assertions,
to determine this issue of southern aggressions
and usurpations tendered by the Black Republi-
cans, and to vindicate the President from their
aspersions, I propose to state briefly the account
between the North and the South. Let us see
which section has added more, and which has
appropriated more of the Federal domain; which
has contrib ited more, and which has enjoyed more
of the Federal treasure, and which has disturbed
the tranquillity of the other or the harmony of
the Union. Tne facts are neither new nor strange,
but may be found in the documents published by
Congress.
At the conclusion of peace, in 1783, the States
then north of Mason and Dixon's line had 164,081
square miles; the States then south of that line
had 647,202 square miles. Pending the Revolu-
tion, the Northwestern Territory excited (as Mr.
Madison expressed it) " the lucrative desires"
of the northeastern people, to a degree threatening
the existence of the Confederacy. That territory
belonged to Virginia by repeated royal grants,
as well as by conquest, achieved at her sole ex-
pense and by her unaided arms. To satisfy those
desires, quiet the contest, and secure harmony
and peace, she surrendered it to the Confederacy,
and the ordinance of 1787 devoted it to free soil.
That surrender reduced southern territory nearly
one half, and increased northern territory nearly
threefold. Northern Territory was thereby swelled
to 425,761 square miles, and southern territory
reduced to 385,521 square miles.
The Territory of Louisiana, next aWpiired, in
which slavery was maintained by both French
and Spanish Jaws, and guarantied in the treaty
of acquisition, was, by the Missouri restriction, so
divided that the North took (exclusive of Oregon)
659,138 square miles, and the South retained
225,456 square miles. By that settlement, the
