1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
has been made, and none has been tendered; but
from the beginning to the end—and it has been
repeated in this very spcech of Lord Clarendon—
we have been told that our laws have not been
violated, and they have justified Mr. Crampton.
Lord Clarendon, in this speech, observes:
With the conduct of Mr. Crampton wo me perfectly
satisfied, for I am convinced that neither intentionally nor
unintentionally, nor accidentally, did he violate any law of
the United States."
If such a thing for an apology would have sat-
isfied ten European monarchies, all that I have to
say is, they are very easily satisfied; and I trust
it will be contemptuously rejected, as an atone-
ment by an American Republic.
I repeat, that there has been a violation of our
laws, and, in addition, there has been a gross in-
sult in justifying the whole course of the British
agents here, both diplomatic and other important
agents on the frontier. No man can run his eye
over the report of the trial, without seeing that
in the British border possessions, as well as in
the United States, this scheme was carried on
with a view to insure the recruiting.
Lord Clarendon, I suppose, by way of show-
ing the merits of Mr. Crampton, says, that after
an agency office had been opened, and complaint
made, he desired it might be made public—how
or by whom, is not said—that the British Gov-
ernment did not raise soldiers in the United
States. Now, sir, this change in the recruiting
tactics is very easily accounted for, without press-
ing into service any extraordinary good will. It
is fully explained by the district attorney of
Pennsylvania, who says, after stating the opera-
tion, that
"Arrests having been made in all parts of the United
Stales of persons engaged in this business, the representa-
tives of her Majesty in this country became somewhat
alaimed as to the result. Mr. Ciampton then made arrange-
ments with Mr. Sttobel and one Dr. iluess, who met him
at Halifax, and devi&ed plans* as to the inannci in which
the lecruitmg was thereafter to bp conducted m the United
Slates; and on the loth of May, or theteabouts, the whole
plan of pioceodmgs was changed by his excellency the
British Minister and SirGaspar La Muichant, Governor of
Nova Scotia. They then dcvi>ed a new plan of violating
the national sovereignty of the United States and of evading
oui laws enfoicing neutrality." * * * +• «. Giving lo
these agents at the same time a caution that should they
be unsuccessful in evading the laws and eluding the au-
thorises of the United States, they could hope for no pio-
tectioi' from the British Government—that is*, the Butioh
Government was willing to accept the advantage of the
successful criminal conduct oi their Minister and his recruit-
ing agents, hut refuse to defend or assist those agents if
they should be so unfortunate as to be detected *' * * *
<• The mse then adopted was to send men to Canada and
Halifax, under the pretense of engaging them on the rail-
road, and when there to enlist them m the army. For the
purpose of currying out tin? object, regular written induc-
tions were given by Mr. Ciampton to Mi. Stiobfcl, who,
with Dr. Ituess and other officei s, started in company with
Mr. Crampton to the United States "
And this deep-planned scheme to evade our
laws is a subject of congratulation with a British
Cabinet Minister, and seems to be a matter for
which the British representative is entitled to high
credit. It is difficult to characterize it, and yet
keep within the limits of proper decorum.
Well, sir, finally, the whole plan was aban-
doned. Why? No credit to its authors, but
because it was a failure. I understand that the
whole number of men raised in the United States,
and perhaps in Canada also, did not exceed three
hundred, and they cost an immense sum ofmoney.
Where did the money come from ? This book
before me tells you. Here arc Mr. Crampton's
notes, and here are the notes of the Governor of
Nova Scotia, and here arc the whole of the facts
stated. They show you that money came, by
thousands and thousands of pounds, to enlist men
here in the very face of our law, and knowing its
provisions.
Mr. President, I shall not detain the Senate
longer. I wished these facts to go out, in order to
counteract the effect resulting from the speech of
Lord Clarendon, and I desire to make one addi-
tional observation. I did hope, and I believed
when this matter began, that at last we had ar-
rived at a point when every American paper would
be in favor of its own country. I said some days
since, that there was a species of idiosyncrasy
with us, which prevented us joining together
unanimously when wc got into difficulty with a
foreign Power. One of our most intelligent pub-
lic journals, which I will not name, has seriously
pi oposed—what ? It has proposed that this matter
should go to an arbitrator, and that the arbitrator
should estimate in money, in dollars, how much
our dignity was injured by this scheme to vio-
late our laws and our neutral duties. That is
American patriotism ! Such a sentiment, how-
ever, will be reprobated by the American people.
I trust that the resolution will be adopted without
opposition. j
Mr. YULEE. I observe, in the report which j
we have of Lord Clarendon's remarks, two alio- j
gations, concerning which I desire to ask from the |
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations j
such information as he may be able to afford.
It is alleged by Lord Clarendon that, at some
stage of the recruitment, which it is acknowledged
was being conducted in this country, Mr. Cramp-
ton had laid before the Secretary of State the
plan of procedure contemplated, and that it had
received the sanction of the Secretary. I believe
such is substantially the statement.
It is also alleged that a proposal to. submit to
arbitration the controverted questions arising un-
der the Clayton-Bulwer treaty has been twice
tendered to this Government.
My purpose is to inquire if these facts exist
as stated and understood upon the other side of
the water?
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, X do not pro-
fess to be conversant with the whole correspond-
ence which has passed between the two Govern-
ments on the subject involved in the questions
put by the Senator from Florida; but, so far as I
am informed—and I think I am correctly informed
as to those points—I am not aware that any offer
has been made by the British Government to this
Government to refer to the arbitrament of some
friendly Power the questions of difference which
have arisen upon the construction of the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. I observed, as did that honorable
Senator, that the fact was not only very distinctly
stated in the speech of the Earl of Clarendon, but
it was stated by him that the oiler had been made,
had not been accepted, and that the same offer
had been renewed. Now, it may not be improb-
able that, in some of the conferences which took
place between Mr. Buchanan and the British
Minister on the subject of this treaty, when it was
found, as is alleged, that the main difference ex-
isted upon the interpretation of the treaty, the
suggestion may have been made upon the part of
the British Minister that, under those circum-
stances, perhaps the easiest solution would be to
refer it to the arbitrament of a friendly Power, to
which a reply may have been given that, in the
present state of Europe, there was no Power in
a condition, in the probable opinion of the Amer-
ican Government, to act as arbitrator. If any-
thing passed, it was of that character. If any
direct offer has been made, or renewed properly
as such, I am ignorant of the fact, and have no
reason to believe it.
In reply to the other question, whether it was
true that the instructions given by the British
Government to their Minister, or other officers
in this country, in relation to enlistments within
our territories, were communicated to the Secre-
tary of State, and that he was satisfied with them,
my impicssions are these: I am very certain that
the instructions given by the British Government
to its Minister or to any of its officers, were not
communicated to the Secretary of State; and, of
course, he could be neither satisfied nor dissatis-
fied with them. J mean by "the instructions,"
of course all the instructions which were given,
for short of that, it would not be exactly true to
say that " the instructions" had been shpwn, if
a part were shown, and a part not shown. I am
awaie thai at one period a part of the correspond-
ence between the British Government and its
Minister was sent to the Department of State, in
which were contained expressions of this char-
acter: " You are to take care that the laws of the
United Statesvre not violated." Now, whether
the Secretary was satisfied with that or not, I do
not know. I should think it probable, however,
that if they imported to be all the instructions,
and to have covered the whole ground of action,
he would have been satisfied. I have reason to
believe there was no expression either of satisfac-
tion or dissatisfaction. I believe that is an an-
swer to the questions of the Senator.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I wish
only to say a word on this matter. The impres-
sion on the public mind of this country, I tlrunk,
is that the British Government had made atone-
ment, so far as atonement could be made, by
acknowledging her error on the subject of attempt*
ing to make enlistments within the United States;
and I think the general impression, further, is that
with this acknowledgment the subject might have
been given over to oblivion. I think, sir, that
that is the general impression, so far as my conr
versations have extended; and this was certainly
my impression, assuming that the British Govern-
ment, when apprised of the dissatisfaction of the
United States at the partial attempts made at
enlistments or engagements for enlistments in this
country, at once issued orders to her authorities
in Nova Scotia, and wherever else she had estab-
lishments for recruiting, directing them to stop,
giving as a reason for it, that the United States
were dissatisfied.
Now, sir, if she had misunderstood our laws,
or if her agents had so far misunderstood our
laws as to suppose that an engagement with a
citizen of the United States, within its limits, to
go into Canada, and there enlist, was not a vio-
lation of the law, it was an error to be sure; but
if as soon as apprised of the fact that this Gov-
ernment so considered it, and took offense at it,
Great Britain immediately stopped the recruiting,
and said: " Sooner than give dissatisfaction, I
will suppress even in Canada, Nova Scotia, or
anywhere else in my colonial dominions, all re-
cruiting establishments whatever, so that there
shall be not only no more recruiting but no more
opportunity for recruiting;"—what more ought
to be required? I have not investigated this
subject, nor can I particularly refer to the docu-
ments or public papers in which this fact has been
announced; but if that be the state of the case, if
the instructions were in the first place that care
should be taken that the laws of the United States
be not violated, cfiid if under a misinterpretation
of our laws in England or here, there has been a
violation committed of them, and if that wrong
has been atoned for by this public acknowledg-
ment, and the repetition of that wrong completely
prevented, and this sort of an apology made in
the face of the whole world for this wrong, or
indignity, or whatever else -you may choose to
call it, 1 ask what else can wc demand? The
recall of their Minister? Would that satisfy
American pride, or American sentiment, or Ame-
rican patriotism? The offense goes further than
the British Minister; the offense is against the
nation. Let us not, with a small vengeance, fall
on the British Minister here; but if the offense is
of a character that must be atoned for more seri-
ously, in the name of God, let us make the prin-
cipal in this case responsible—let us make the
Brilish Government responsible.
Why, sir, between gentlemen, if one commits
an offense against another, and makes an honor-
able acknowledgment of the error, and says the
offense shall no more be given, what gentleman
would be justified, by the highest social law, in
demanding anything further? And between two
great nations, of infinitely more dignity than pri-
vate gentlemen, what more can we demand? I
think it is the highest satisfaction for such an
injury as that which we have received.
Sir, we are a great nation now, and entitled to
have a great deal of pride. But let it show itself
after the form of the majesty of this great coun-
try, and not in the little pursuit of individuals
as victims for national wrongs. We need not be
afraid that all the world do not know and acknowl-
edge our dignity. Let us not act as though we
considered it necessary to be eternally putting
forward pretensions, lest the world should forget
that this is the great Republic. I have no fear
that anybody will ever forget it, or can forget it.
All the world knows it. To the bottom of their
hearts they know it; and if I were to say they
stood somewhat in respectful awe of it, I think I
should not be saying too much; 1 hope I should
not. But I think we may be satisfied, where no
indignity was intended to be offered. In such a
case, where no willful wrong has been offered to
us, an apology or atonement, such as the British
Government has made, if I understand the case
rightly, might be considered as a complete rep- 
aration.
Sir, I am not learned on these subjects, and do
not profess to be; but, it seems to me, we might
have left the British Minister alone in peace here,
after his Government had made us an acknowl-
edgment Why, there is much danger, sir, if
we are gathering up little offenses as we go along
