1656.]
APPENDIX CONGRESSIONAL GLCMTfc
483
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas-—Slavery Question—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
South surrendered of slaveholding territory to the
North about three fourths, and retained about one
fourth. But, including Oregon as part of the
Louisiana purchase, the North took 979,€05
square miles, and the South retained 225,456
square miles; thereby the South surrendered
more than four fifths, and retained but one fifth
of that territory.
The acquisitions of Oregon, (if not included in
the Louisiana purchase,) Florida, and Texas,
resulted in a division by which the North got
*bout 415,467 square miles, and the South retained
about271,268 square miles. By that arrangement
the North obtained about three fifths of those ter-
ritories.
The Mexican conquests engrossed by the
North, added to her limits about 401,838 square
miles. The South has grown from 647,202 to
882,245 square miles; having added but 235,043
-square miles to her area since 1783. In the same
time, the North, from 164,081, has grown to
1,903,204 square miles; having added in the same
time, 1.738,123 square miles to her limits. The
South has increased less than fifty per cent., the
North near 1,100 per cent, in territorial area since
the Revolution. The South commenced with
more than four times the territory of the North;
the North now has near two and a half times the
territory of the _South. The Federal Govern-
ment never held one foot of territory east of the
Rocky Mountains that was free soil when ac-
quired; and, indeed, I question whether she ever
held any west of them that was free soil. The
northern States never ceded one foot of territory
to the United States; and never yielded one foot
of territory, that was free soil when acquired, to
the use of the South, but have retained it all.
The South has ceded, of her own exclusive
territory, 261,671 square miles, and has relin-
quished, of other sJavehokling territory when
acquired—belonging in common to all the States
—972,605 square miles, and of slaveholding and
non-slaveholding territory in all, not less than
1,738,123 square miles—an empire elevenfold
greater than the entire area of the northern States
at the peace of 1783, and more than double the
•entire domain of the States of the Confederation.
When stronger and richer than the North, she
magnanimously gave up nearly half her domain
to hush the clamor of envy, avarice, and ambi-
tion , and preserve confederation. When reduced
fay that suicidal act to a minority in both Houses
of Congress, on the application of Missouri for
admission into the Union, the North, for the first
time, avowed her purpose to appropriate all the
Territories to her sole and exclusive use, and to
refuse admission to another slaveholding State
into the Union. The South then yielded to the
demands of dominating power more than she had
given, in the prodigality of her wealth, to the
importunities of dissatisfied weakness. She sur-
rendered four fifths of slaveholding territory to
the North, and submitted to that odious interdict
inhibiting her from holding slaves north of 36°
30', on condition of the admission of Missouri,
and the extension of her territory south of that
line. Yet, in less than twelve months, northern
Free-Soilers violated the miscalled compromise,
by refusing to admit Missouri; and from that day
to the present, have persistently endeavored to
transgress that line, and to deny the South the
enjoyment of territories and admission of States
south of it.
No impartial mind can contemplate the history
of these territorial contests without being im-
pressed with the arrogant demands on the one
part, and the generous but unwise concessions
on the other part. Instead of aggressing, the
South has been retrogressing; instead of en-
croaching on non-slavenolding territory, she has
been surrendering slaveholding territory; instead
of demanding and exercising equal participancy
in the common domain, she has been conceding
this right until she seems almost regarded by
northern •Free-Soilers as a mere tenant by suffer-
ance.
And yet, in seeming ignorance or disregard of
these undeniable truths of history, we are told
by some of her unjust and rapacious sons, that
the North has never been aggressive, that she has
always stood on the defensive, only asking to
at&nd as our equals, nothing more; and that the
j South has always been acquiring territory for
i her aggrandizement, and cutting off, selling or
giving away territory at the North for her enfee-
blement.
But, sir, in seeming apology for the attempt to
exclude slaveholders from the territories of the
United States, we are modestly told by the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] that
slave labor blasts and curses the soil; and are assured
by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hale,] with pious philanthropy, that New Eng-
landers cannot endure the "responsibility qf sus-
taining, extending, and perpetuating an institution
! which, in their heart of hearts, they believe to be
I wrong." The Senator from Massachusetts, in
his desire to disparage the South and extol the
North—common to Si of his party—tells us that
many southern men, emigrating to Kansas, per-
; haps a majority, prefer making it a non-slave-
holding State. He utters this assertion, as he
does all others, upon the testimony of interested
witnesses, many of them hireling contributors to
northern presses, as zealously devoted to manu-
j fkcturingyjyiblic sentiment for the exclusion of
| slaveholders from the Territory as the Senator
j himself. That there are southerners of that class,
{ is not improbable; but that there are, also, settlers
i from northern States who would prefer intro-
\ during slavery, I am well assured, and fully credit.
! But the reason assigned by him for the prefer-
ence given by many poor white men for free in-
; stitutions, is their experience in the South of
"the malign influences which bear with oppressive
, force upon free labor." What those malign influ-
ences are, he did not disclose, and I neither know i
nor can conjecture. In this connection, however, j
he speaks of our artless, untutored, unpaid labor,
and quotes two or three lines from an agricultural :
address, made by me last spring, in which I spoke
of the exhaustion and impoverishment of the soil
^f portions of that State, " exhibiting the painful ,
signs of senility and decay apparent in Virginia
and the Carolinas." The inference deducible is,
that, like all of his school of politics, he means
to impress the idea that it is slavery which blasts
the soil and causes all laborWfcre to go unpaid.
And, although he does not allege it, the implica-
, tion may be fairly drawn that my address sup-
plied him evidence for his assertion. I do not
! suppose the Senator ever read, or saw, the entire j
: address, or more of it than the paragraph from
1 which he quoted. Had he read it, he would have
j learned that it maintained that agricultural labor
: had not only been well paid, but better paid there,
| in the culture of cotton, than it had beeiifin any
field-tillage elsewhere; that it had enabled the
State to realize about twenty millions of dollars
annually from her cotton crop alone, and to become
j the largest exporter of agricultural products of all
j the States of the Union. Had he read but the para-
I graph preceding the one from which he quoted,
| he would have found that the impoverishment of
our soil was properly attributed to the constant
and changeless cultivation of the cotton plant;
and that the folly of violating inexorable laws of
Nature was illustrated in the result. That this
result is caused by slave labor, is a conclusion as
illogical as unjust. Indeed, I cannot suppose that
any Abolitionist or negro-philist will concede that
there is a Divine curse upon the labor of the negro,
which prevents the earth from yielding her treas-
ures in return for his tillage. As like causes pro-
duce like results, it will be found that artless white
tillage has impoverished the soil not only of the
South, but of the North, and of European States
also, if there be any truth in agricultural reports.
Countless proofs could be cited; but, as it gives
me no pleasure to rehearse the errors or misfor-
tunes of others, the statement may suffice.
If the Senator had informed himself as to the
trtie character and condition of southern people,
and the products of southern soil, as evinced in
,; our exportations, he would have found that his
j | real or apparent triumph over her poverty, her
;! decline and prospective desolation, was as ill-
I founded as malignant. He would behold her in
admirable and enviable contrast with her northern
, sisters. He would see that she has fewer paupers
;! than the North, in proportion to aggregate pop-
ulation—that her field labor is better rewarded—
that her poor white laborers have more land, more
money, more of the essentials of ease, comfort,
and independence, than a similar class in New
England, or anywhere else. And if he would
seek for the whole truth from credible and au-
thentic sources, instead of partial glimpses, caught
from garbled paragraphs and sentences collected
in Abolition presses and pamphlets—if he would
look at census reports, commercial and agricul-
tural statistics, State and Federal, instead of the
New York Tribune, or the pamphlet of the man
in Maine, who so touchingly writes of the poor
whites of the South—he would find that class
have far less need of his tender sympathies than
many nearer home.
If the Senator from Massachusetts had exam-
ined the exports of the Union, he would have
seen, that those blasted fields that offend his vis-
ion, and that artless, untutored, and unpaid labor
which invokes his pity, yield about four fifths of
the products of our commerce. He would have
learned that cotton, rice, and tobacco, the peculiar
products of slave labor, furnish nearly two third#
of the exports of domestic products of the Union.
He would have discovered that, of the average
annual exports of about #100,000,000 during the
last thirty-four years, while the non-slaveholding
States can claim about $20,000,000, the slavehold-
ing States are justly entitled to about $80,000,000
per annum. But to present a stronger contrast
between the values of the fruits of labor, North
and South, and to expose clearly and conclusively,
not only the gross error and injustice, but the ex-
travagant absurdity of the sneer of ..he Senator
from Massachusetts, at the poverty and ill-re-
warded labor of the South, I invite attention to
the following facts developed in, and sustained
by, the statistics of the Government. The pop-
ulation of the cotton-growing States, viz: South
Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Lou-
isiana, and Arkansas, amounting in 1830 to less
than one seventh of the aggregate population of
the Union, produced in the following decade,
from 1820 to 1830, in round numbers, $21,000,000
more of our exports than all the other States.
The population of the same six States, with
Florida—amounting in 1830 to but 129,868 more
than the one seventh of the entire population of
the Uniori—produced during the next decade,
from 1830 to 1840, in value, in round numbers,
$220,000,000 more of our exports than all the
other States.
The population of the same seven States,
which, in 1840, amounted to less than one seventh
of the entire population of the Union by 318,000,
produced in the next decide, from 1840 to 1850,
in value, in round numbers, $39,783,000 more of
our exports than all the other States.
The population of the same seven'States, with
Texas, in 1850, amounting to less than one sixth
of the entire population of the Union, produced
in the next four years, from 1850 to 1854, inclu-
sive, in value, in round numbers, $57,892,000
more of our exports than all the other States of
the Union.
Now, sir, let it be borne in mind that, great as
is the disparity in favor ofHhe productions of
slave labor in slave States manifested by the
comparison instituted, it does not do those States
justice—because I have only included the two
products of cotton and rice exported by them, and
excluded their breadstuffs, tobacco, sugar, and
every other product, while I have given the other
States credit for not only all their own exported
products, but'for much that is due to the States
designated by name. It may be safely alleged,
that the Union is indebted for more than one half
its exports to less than one sixth its population
contained in the eight States distinguished as
cotton-growing. And as those exports form the
basis of its imports, it may be added, that the Union
is indebted to those eight disparaged and derided
States for more than one half its commerce, and
to the -entire slaveholding States for about four
fifths of it. I defy the Senator from Massachu-
setts to find any parallel for the exchangeable
products, the materials of independence, of wfcalth
and prosperity, indicated in the exports of the
South. Sir, the reproach of poverty, of unre-
quited toil, of the malign influence of slavery upon
labor, is made by uncalculating ignorance or
calculating malignity. It is an oft-repeated slan-
der, which finds no substantial fact, and scarce a
plausible pretext on which to stand It is one of
