1220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 14,
what I was doing. I remembered that some years
ago I voted for this identical railroad bin. The
honorable Senator from Vermont himself voted
for it. I do not think there was a railroad man
in the Senate who did not vote for it. Here you
have the same proposition, with such immaterial
divergence as no man would regard as essential,
and such as the growing interest of a new coun-
try would always suggest. The principle is here,
the appropriation is here, the objects contem-
plated to be achieved are here, and substantially
it is the very proposition now before the Senate.
All this trouble has grown up out of this air-
line road, which feels that it would be aggrieved
by the construction of the two southern roads
provided for in the bill. I showyou that, of these
two roads, one of them has spent $2,500,000, and
the other $1,500,000; and we aie asked to recon-
sider the vote on the passage of the bill, in order j
that they may come m. If they want to make a
junction, lot them join those who have already
spent their money and made their roads.
I will not trespass on the Senate any longer.
These are the views which I entertain.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The question is on the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I made a few remarks
when this motion was introduced. Since then it
has been debated until I apprehend the Senate is
very impatient for the vote. Enough has been
said on the subject to make it, for all the present
purposes, a motion to refer the bill, sufficiently
clear and intelligent to the Senate. I shall there-
fore, on my part, waive further remarks on the
subject.
Mr. FOOT called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken resulted—
yeas 15, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler. Bright, Clayton, Collamor, Crit-
tenden, Fifth, Foot, Foster, Mason, Push, Real, Sumner,
Thompson of Kentucky, Wiulo, and WiKon—15.
NAYS—IVIcssrs. Adam5?, Benjamin, Brown,Ca-s,Dorhro,
Douglas, Durkee, Fitzpntnek, tlailan, Johnson, Jones ot
Iowa, Jones of Tenne^sro, RIallory, l'ratt. Sluiell, fttiart,
Toucey, WVllor, and Yulee—19.
So the motion was not agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
Mr. MALLORV. 1 ask that the bill which
came from the House of Representatives this
morning, making a grant of land for raihoads in
Florida and Alabama, be taken up and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill (H. R. No. 32) granting public lands
in alternate sections to the States of Florida and
Alabama to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said Suites, was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore of the Sonata
signed the following enrolled bill and resolution,
which had previously been signed by the Speaker
of the House:
An act to supply deficiencies in the appropri- |
ations for the service of the fiscal year ending the '
30th of June, 1856; and
A resolution for enlarging the custom-house,
post office, and court-house at Milwaukee, Wis-
consin.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to give notice that
I shall ask the Senate to-morrow, at one o'clock,
to take up the naval bill again, and make it the
special order, in order to close debate on it, and
dispose of it.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, Jlay 14,1856.
The House met at twolve o'clock, m. Prayer 1
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo. :
The Journal of yesterdn y was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a report
of J. C. Pickett, of the department on banks, in
conformity to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of 10th April, 1832; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
ELLSWORTH CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I ask the unani-
mous conscnt of the House to offer the following
resolution, merely for the purpose of reference to
the Committee on Commerce:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce, be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of altering the plan
of the Ellsworth custom-house, and to report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
CHANGE OF NAME OP A VESSEL.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to ask just two min-
utes of the time of the House. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce and put upon its passage a
bill to change the name of a vessel.
No objection being made to its introduction,
the bill was introduced, and read a first and second
time by its title, as follows:
A bill to authorize the change of the name of
the propeller Dick Tmto to that of Samuel C.
Ives.
Mr. AIKEN. There can be no necessity for
the passage of this bill, as the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized, by a bill recently passed
by this House, to change the names of vessels
under the proper restrictions contained in that
bill.
Mr. HAVEN. I am not aware that the bill
to which the gentleman refers has bccome a law.
If it has, this bill certainly will do no harm; but,
as the gentleman from South Carolina says it has
become a law, I will move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 68) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1856; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 15) for enlarging
the eustom-houso, post office, and court-house
at Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
When the Speaker signed the same.
RESOLUTIONS OF THE LEGISLATURE OF
MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. KNAPP, by consent of the House, pre-
sented joint resolution from the Legislature of the
State of Massachusetts', as follows: 1st. Against
tho renewal of the Woodworth patent; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents. 2d.
Relating to duties on foreign coal; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
3d. Concerning abreakwater at Cape May; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is tho reception of i*eports from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
PUBLIC LANDS TO FLORIDA.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, reported a bill granting
public land in alternate sections to the State of
Florida, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in said State; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. BENNETT. The bill contains the same
provisions as were contained in tho Iowa bill
which was passed the other day. I have an esti-
mate here from the Land Office, showing the quan-
tity of land 
Mr. ALLISON, (interrupting.) I understand
the gentleman who has charge of this bill to say
that it embraces the same principles that were
embraced in the Iowa bill. If I understand the
operation of that bill, it is to take all the public
lands m that State and appropriate them to rail-
road corpoi ations. Do 1 understand that to be
the principle of this b:ll ?
Mr. BENNETT. I will answer the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. This bill proposes to grant
land in aid of certain railroads in Florida. The
principal road is one from the Gfulf of Mexico to
the Atlantic ocean. Although it is all within the
State of Florida, it is a work of as great national
importance as any road can be, within the limits
of a State. It will effect direct land communica-
: Uon between the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic
  ocean in a distance, by land, not one third as
great as the "distance by water. This application
was the very first application for public lands for
railroads ever sent to Congress. Florida ha%had
but one member here, and has not been so suc-
cessful in getting grants as othfer States. The
amount of land required under this bill will be
small—less than a million of acres.
Mr. CUMBACK. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands whether
he intends, when he gets through with his re-
marks, to move the previous question on this bill?
If he does I wish to ask him a question.
Mr. BENNETT. I do.
Mr. CUMBACK. Then I desire to know how
many roads are to be benefited by this act—how
far they are to extend, and what is their relative
importance ?
The Iowa bill, as I understand, provides for
two routes within an average distance of thirty
miles of each other, and for railroads which are
rather to absorb the public land than to subserve
the interests of the States to which they profess
to be granted. I ask that the gentleman will ex-
plain the bill, as it has not been printed, and has
not been seen by anybody except the Committee .
on Public Lands. I am opposed to putting these
important bills through the House in this way,
under the whip and spur of the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. All these railroad bills are
for the purpose of taking the public land.
Mr. MAXWELL. I will explain the bill in
reply to the gentleman from Indiana, if the gen-
tleman from New York will yield me the floor.
Mr. BENNETT. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. MAXWELL. In reply to the interrog-
atory of the gentleman from Indiana, it is suffi-
cient to say that these roads are not parallel to
each other. They run from different points
diagonally across the State. If the gentleman
will look at the map of Florida he will perceive
that there is a narrow portion of the State south
of the Georgia and Alabama line, which is only
some forty, fifty, or sixty miles in width, extend-
ing from the eastern to the western portion of the
State. One of these roads is intended to go along
the entire line of that part of the State, connect-
ing the eastern with the western part of it, from
Jacksonville to Pcnsacola. The roads are not at
all in antagonism. The other road is to run from
some point in East Florida, southward, towards
the Gulf of Mexico, and at a right angle almost
with the other road. It also runs through a part
of the State which will receive no benefit from
the other road; it has no connection with it.
I think the estimate is, that the roads will bo
about six hundred miles in length. I have not
had the opportunity which I took at the last Con-
gress to explain the importance of these roads in
their general connection, or to say anything about
the perfect valuelessness of the lands through
which these roads run. They can only be made
valuable by these proposed means of transpor-
tation. The lands m the portions of the State
through which these roads run arc worth nothing
except for the timber, the turpentine, and rosin,
that are on them. The building of these roads
will furnish facilities forgetting those naval stores
to market which arc not now had. One road is
only forty miles in length, and runs northward
from Pcnsacola, and at almost a right angle with
the other road. So there is not that opposition
between the roads that would make it an impro-
priety or a waste of the public lands to give to one,
and at the same time to the other. They are not like
the roads to which the gentleman referred—only
thirty miles apart, and parallel. There is that
nearness at the starting points; but I repeat what
I have already said, that they run almost at a
right angle with each other.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. What is the length of
these roads ?
Mr. MAXWELL. About six hundred miles.
Mr. BENNETT exhibited a map of Florida,
and traced out on it the line of the proposed
roads.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the length of the
roads ?
Mr. BENNETT. By the map, the northern
road, which connects the Atlantic ocean with the
Gulf of Mexico, is two hundred and seventy miles
in length. The length of the other road is one
hundred and ninety-seven miles. There was a
middle road applied for; but in lieu of that, there
