mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 13,
how this question was coming to a point when,
a few days since, the Republicans failed to
screw their courage to the point of adding the
restoration of the Missouri compromise to the
supply bill, when it was offered by the member
from Indiana, [Mr. Dunn.] That measure then
received in this Chamber only forty-five votes to
one hundred and ten against it! That was the
oflly point on which the Republican party was
eriginally built; and that time was the only time
the Republicans had a chance to bring the meas-
ure forward imposingly, or with a chance of
effecting any real purpose they entertained. They
Would not vote for the Missouri restoration; but
in this bill they did bring forward a proviso,
which suggests, if it does not boldly require, an
act of amnesty for treasonable offenses, their
people are charged with having committed pend-
ing the dispute in Kansas. Acts of amnesty,
sir, are the subsequents to a surrender of the
points in controversy. While I am astonished,
in this instance, at the quarter from which the
proposition comes for the act of amnesty, I am
gratified to hear that General Pierce and his ad-
visers have determined to extend it. In the con-
fidential communication to the chairman of Ways
and Means, which he positively refuses to dis-
c-lose, Mr. Pierce 
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Kentucky has no authority for using that
language—
Mr. MARSHALL. Thegentleman from Ohio,
who is the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, said he dared nrer that he knew the
Kansas prosecutions would not be persisted in,
and that he knew it (as I infer) confidentially, for
he emphasized the declaration that he never dis-
closed a confidential communication, and yet he
did know it. Now, I may say the only reliable
sourCffrom which 1 believe the honorable mem-
ber could derive such information, so as to slate
it here positively, is the President. That he pro-
cured it from the Executive is inferential; for as
he does not say where Or how he came to such
knowledge, I have the undoubted right to infer
that, as the knowledge is indisputable, he pro-
cured it from the highest source.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I may have been more
credulous than the gentleman, and may have
relied on authority to winch he would give no
weight.
Mr. MARSHALL. So he may, Mr. Chair-
man, so he may; and J give the gentleman the
full benefit of his partial retraxit. ' Yet, we hear
from the gentleman, whose position here is in
peculiar relation to the House and the Govern-
ment, that he knows the friends for whose safely
the Republicans have been so solicitous will not
be hurt, and that they arc not in any great danger.
The northern gentlemen are, no doubt, comforted
by this information; and surely those who have
been the especial champions of southern rights
must feel a glow of pride at the glorious conclu-
sion of their labors m the Kansas affair? The
fellows who went to Kansas to make her " free
Kansas," and who established the Topeka con-
stitution in defiance of the Government, are all to
be let off there by the JldminUtration, and we are
not to have any restoration of the Missouri com-
promise put on the statute-book here! May we
not, from the North and the South, cry out
" Eureka!" " Eureka!" We have found it. We
have settled the grand dispute. We are now
ready to go onward. Let the country mark it
well, Mr. Chairman, this is "a felicitous day"
in the calendar. I hope the country will now be
ready to do its duty to itself.
Mr. GlDDlNCiS. It is not my intention to
occupy the five minutes allotted by the rules of
the House. 1 only rise, firstly, to congratulate the
country that the Representatives of the people of
these United States are once more able to make
their voice potent at the other end of the avenue.
Sir, I thank my God that he has permitted me to
«ee the time when the people, the rightful depos-
itaries of power, assert their rights, when their
Representatives on this floor stand firmly in their
position until the Administration quails before
them.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] and my colleague [Mr. Campbell] have
imputed to the Republicans a want of action on
this subject at an earlier day. Sir, early in the
session we passed a bill for the admission of Kan-
sas into the Union, which would have put this
controversy at rest had the Senate united in our
efforts. More recently we passed the bill re-
storing the Missouri prohibition of slavery, to
which my friend from Kentucky alludes, and
which he says wc were unwilling to vote for.
We stood up to it too strongly for the Opposition,
and for him, for he voted against us, if my mem-
ory serves me, and we passed it, although he and
the Administration party voted against it. It
was sent to the Senate, and there it lies on their
table. They have not deigned to consider it.
My colleague speaks without proper authority,
when he says we have not legislated tipon this
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I said that the
House had not legislated in the early part of the
session, and had failed to do its duty. A few
days ago, my colleague united with us in taking
up the bill to which he refers.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague undertook to
find fault with the friends of freedom here, be-
cause we had not legislated upon this subject at
an earlier day. We did so at the earliest day
permitted by the circumstances which surrounded
us, and my colleague voted with us.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Of course I did.
^ Mr. GIDDINGS. I would be glad if he pre-
sented a different spectacle to-day than what he
does.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am willing to let the
spectacle I present go before the country in com-
parison with my colleague's.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope my collfague will
keep cool. If he will not, I will.
Mr- CAMPBELL. / am perfectly cool.
Mr. GIDDINGS. The country will judge
where my colleague is, when they sec him stand-
ing with the Opposition, and acting with the Op-
position, in every movement of this day.
Mr. CAMPBKLL. Will my colleague permit
me to say that, but a moment ago 
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague will bear in
mind that, when I have desired to express my
sentiments on former occasions, he has gagged
me with the previous question. He has threat-
ened to do the same thing when this bill comes
in the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Will my colleague allow
me ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. If my colleague will not
call the previous question on these amendments
when we get into the House, but will give me one
hour.
Mr. CAMPBELL. One hour or ten hours,
here or elsewhere; and, if my colleague will yield
to me for a moment, 1 will say that, during seven
long years of service in this Hall, 1 have never
refused to yield him the floor when I had it, but
he has repeatedly refused me the same courtesy.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague had better
keep cool. He must remember that when, as head
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
when, acting m opposition to the majority of this
House, he has had the privilege of the floor, he
has called the previous question, and permitted
no man to be heard ill reply to his attacks upon
the Republican party.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have always allowed my
colleague to be heard, and never made an attack
on the Republican party.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I call my colleagues to
order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not' misrepresent my
colleague. I speak of historical facts; the record
shows them.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If there is to be any con-
flict between my colleague and myself, it must
be on fair and equal terms, here, or elsewhere.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My friend should leave out
the " elsewhere," when speaking to me. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. Oh, 110; I mean of course
in debate. My colleague and I are both peace
men.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My only intention, when I
rose, was to set gentlemen right, and remind the
country that this House has sent to the Senate a
bill to admit Kansas into the Union, which
would have put this whole controversy at rest if
agreed to by that body. They refused to agree
to this bill, and we then sent them a bill to reor-
ganize the Territory and to restore the Missouri
prohibition, and they refused to act on that. My
colleague knew these facts when he made the in-
sinuation to-day, that we had failed to legislate
upon this question at an early day, and attempted
to justify his opposition to our amendments of
this bill, by charging us with dereliction of duty
on this subject.
The question was taken upon Mr. Marshall's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. CRAIGE. I move that the committee rise,
for the purpose of enabling me to offer a resolu-
tion, which I think the committee will concur
with me ought to pass.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It is not in order to give notice of
a resolution here.
Mr. CRAIGE. I ask that it may be read for
information.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is not in order to pro-
pose to rise for that purpose. [Cries of " Hear
it!" Hear it!"]
The resolution was read; and is as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States ha
requested to furnish this House with all the information m
Ins possession in regard to the dismissal of the prosecutions
for tieason in Kansas Territory, if such dismissal has been
ordered.
The question was taken; and the committee
refused to rise.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the follow-
ing amendment:
Provided, That nothing hereby enacted shall be so con-
strued as to prevent future prosecutions for treason in
Kansas.
The bill which is now under consideration, is
a bill providing for the expenses of the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial departments of the
Government. That being the object of the bill,
and that bill being absolutely necessary for the
preservation of the Government, I say that it is
the duty of Congress to pass it. I go further, I
say that we have no right to make these appro-
priation bills the foundation for metamorphosing
this body into a court of appeal or of revision, i
say that this House has no right whatsoever to
impose conditions, and thus arrogate to them-
selves the duties of another branch of this Gov-
ernment. Do gentlemen not perceive that when
they undertake, by means of these bills, to get rid
of prosecutions m Kansas, they are actually
claiming the right to exercise judicial functions?
Do they not also see, that when they claim the
right to make these bills the means of getting
rid of these judicial inquiries there, they are cast-
ing a reflection upon themselves and upon the
courts of the country, that persons implicated in
crimes in this community are not able to obtain
a fair and impartial trial? Gentlemen may say
that that is not to be obtained in Kansas; but
then they know well the various precautions
that the law interposes for the purpose of getting
rid of partiality. They have, as a last appeal,
the Supreme Court of the United States—the
highest tiibunal in the country, and perhaps the
most impartial, learned, and able in the world.
I ask gentlemen on this floor whether, if the peo-
ple of Kansas submit to inconvenience and expense
and oppression—as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania says—in defending themselves in the subor-
dinate courts, they cannot, for the sake of the
country, bear those inconveniences and oppres-
sions, aftd take the revision of the Supreme Court?
Is thegentleman afraid to trust the Supreme Court?
I presume not. Yet such is the necessary con-
sequence, if this course be persisted in. While I
deny to this House the power of attaching these
conditions to appropriation bills, I at the same
time except to any interference by the Executive
with the action of this body. And I take occa-
sion to express my profound regret, if it is so,
that the Executive of the United States has under-
took to influence the action of this body by the
promulgation of any purpose he may entertain.
JBut I do not believe—and I say it here in the face
of the country—that the President of the United
States would stoop—I may say officially—to in-
fluence the action of this body in regard to the
duties confided to it.
Mr. CUMBACK. Mr. Chairman, I desire
that the amendment just offered by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] and upon which he
has submitted a few remarks, may be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Provided, That nothing hereby enacted shall be so con-
strued as to prevent future prosecutions for 'reason m
Kansast.
