!&«.]
jiPPlKbiX 1$ Tiife coNfc&fcssftto al
485
84th Cohg....Ist Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Slavery Question—Mr. day.
Senate.
truthftillf aBeged by the northern States or by
their representatives on this floor? Sir, I sup-
pose they did not weigh the truth of their decla-
rations; v> t the Senators from New York fMr.
sewa«x>1 «nd New Hampshire [Mr. HaleJ nave
both denied any disregard of their constitutional
obligations by the northern States,and the former
Senator has challenged the President to the proof,
especiallv against Massachusetts and New York.
Mr. President, it affords me no pleasure to
eliminate or censure the conductor any State, or
of any portion of the people of this Union. I am
unconscious of having uttered a charge on this
floor that could offend the northern people or any
portion of them. I have eschewed all sectional
controversies. But, sir, I should be unjust to
northern friends, as well as faithless to my con-
stituency, if 1 did not accept, on behalf of the
President and the South, the challenge of the
Senator from New York. With that view I must
revive bitter recollections.
Is it no proof of disregard of constitutional
ob! igation to break or seek to destroy the solemn
and sacredcompacts of theConsutuuon? Among
them, and without which the Union would never
hav>- been formed, and the destruction of which
the Union can never survive, was that securing
to us a representation of three fifths of our slaves.
Massachusetts has twice by her Legislature—
once by unanimous vote—called Cor an amend-
ment of the Constitution, ao as to abolish this
representation guarantied by that instrument.
The South would thereby lose twenty-one of her
representatives, and the North would swell her
majority in the other branch of Congress from
fifty-three to seventy-four votes. What end has
Massachusetts in view, when she proposes this
amendment to the Constitution? Is ft for self-
defense, or is it to injure, to despoil the South?
Is there neither injury nor insult offered or med-
itated, by this menace of that State to violate her
bond of compact with the South ? And willjhe
Senator from New York reiterate his denial that
Massachusetts has shown any disregard of her
constitutional obligations ?
Another conaitutional compact is that requiring
the rendition of fugitive daces. The Constitution
declare* that the fugitive slave sh U be delivered
on the claim of his master. The language is
plain, unambiguous,and unequivocal. The pur-
pose and the manner of its execution are beyond
doubt, and were never brought in question until
the discovery of that higher law, of which the
Senator from New York is a prominent advocate
and exponent. The fugitive slave act of 1793
looked to the agency of State officers and State
tribunals for its execution. Massachusetts and
New York, together with several other .northern
States, had, previous to 1850, virtually nullified
that act by State legislation. The acU of the
States named were specially contrived to defeat
the objects of the constitutional provision and
congressional legislation. The process of recov-
ery was made slow, costly, and embarrassing,
and a trial by jury of the fact of servitude was
required. The Supreme Court of the United
States declared those acts in conflict with the
Federal Constitution. The same States immedi-
ately after passed acts forbidding their citizens
from aiding in the recapture of fugitive slaves,
and imposing heavy penalties upon the master
for any disturbance of the peace in any attempt
to recapture his property.
Those acts of the States rendered the enact-
ment of the fugitive slave law of 1850 necessary
for the protection of our property. But that has
in like manner been virtually annulled by the
legislation of several of the northern States.
Massachusetts, "the model Commonwealth," has
not only virtually nullified the act of Congress
by her late legislation, but menaces with disfran-
chisement any lawyer who appears for the claim-
ant of the slave; menaces with impeachment any
judge who issues a warrant or certificate, or holds
even the o/Bce of commissioner under the Fed-
eral law; and menaces with ittftmunu punishment
anv ministerial officer, or officer of militia, who
aids in its execution. Failure of the claimant to
establish his claim by verdict of a jury, impan-
tteled under the direction of State officers, paid
out of the State Treasury, and counseled oy a
State attorney, hired for that purpose, subjects
j that claimant to a heavy fine, and confinement
i firom one to five years in the penitentiary! Thus,
in contempt of the compromises of the "Constitu-
tion, the decisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States and that of Massachusetts, the
slaveholder is, by her legislative enactment, de-
nied his constitutional rignts, and menaced with
infamous punishment for their unsuccessful as-
sertion; the seduction of southern slaves is en-
: couraged, and their reclamation according to the
supreme law of the land is forbidden!
Is it surprising, sir, that under the fostering
Legislation of Massachusetts, and New York,
and a few other northern States, companies of
slave-stealers should have been organized in the
non-slaveholding States, with branches in Can-
ada, who make the theft or robbery of our pro-
perty both their business and their boast? Their
predatory incursions rob us annually, according
to the estimates of distinguished members of
Congress from the South, of slave property of the
value of $200,000.
But thi.%estimate is certainly fhr too low. The
New York Times, the mouth-piece of the Senator
from New York, boasts that, since the passage of
the fugitive slave law of 1850, 35,000 slaves have
escaped from the southern States, of the value, it
says, of $35,000,000. "The most valuable slaves
are those who escape," exclaims this honest
editor. And he adds: " what interest in this
covHitry can survive an annua/ loss of $4,000,000?
Here is emancipation without the help of abok-
tion." And these plundering forays of thieves !;
and robbers, which, if committed by any foreign • '
Power, would, in the days when the Union ex-
isted in spirit, as well as "form, have aroused the
whole people, North and South, to war and re-
prisals, not onljr escapes all punishment, or even
rebuke, but receives the countenance and encour-
agement of State legislators,--State Governors,
•nd their Senators on this floor I
The champion and friend of the Senator from
New York boasts and chuckles over an annual
loss, by theft, of $4,000,000 of slave property! I
take his estimates as more reliable than those of
southern men, because his associations doubtless
afford him information we cannot procure. The
Senator flora New York, perhaps, can indorse
his friend's statement. And the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] mentions, with ill- 1
disguised joy and triumph, the expenditure of
$30,000 by tlie Government in recapturing An-
thony Burns from Boston!
But, sir, Massachusetts shall not be tried upon
the testimony, or convicted by the verdict, of
southern men. Neither shall she be acquitted by
the partial and prejudiced judgment of the Sen-
ator from New York. By her own mouth shall
she be accused, and by her own judgment shall
she be condemned.
Massachusetts, which in 1643 covenanted with
Plymouth, New Haven, and Connecticut, to re-
store runaway slaves upon a mere certificate,
sent from those colonies, and secured for herself
the same mode of recapture of her runaways;
; Massachusetts, which in 1703, by legislative en- ,
actmept, restrained the manumission of negroes
by exacting bonds of the master, to identify the j
town in which he lived from all charge for, or
about, the negro liberated, because of his sick-
ness, lameness, or other infirmity, and provided 1
further, in case of manumission without said bond,
for putting the negro to work for the benefit of
said town; Massachusetts, which in 1707 pun-
. ished with fine and imprisonment the harboring
, or entertaining of a slave without the master's*
consent; Massachusetts, whose own son, Na-
than Dane, drew up and introduced into the Con-
i tinental Congress, that provision in the ordinance
1 of 1787, for the return of fugitive slaves; Massa-
! chuSetts, whose own State Convention, in 1788,
adopted the_ provision for the return of fugitive
slaves,pfovided by the Federal constitution, with-,
out a single objection, and even with the approval
of her patriot' son .General Heath; Massachu- j
setts, which in 1788, in view T>f that same pro- |
vision in the Federal constitution, passed an act, I
inhibiting negro slaves from tarrying in her limits !
for a longer time than two months, and provided, I
in case of violation of it, punishment with stripes; i
Massachusetts, whose son, George Cabot, as j
Senator from that State, assisted in drafting the I
fugitive slave law of 1793, whose Representatives
in Congress voted fbr the same, ana whose son,
John Adams, as Vice President of the United
States, signed the same; Massachusetts, whose
Representatives and Senators in Congress voted
for a law, suggested by the same John Adams,
and approved by him as President of the United
States, empowering and requiring the chief jus-
tice of any district into which a slave might flee
to cause his apprehension and delivery; Massa-
chusetts, which in 1851, through her Legislature,
whMe protesting against the fugitive slave law as
abhorrent to her people, yet resolved—
" That while Massachusetts entertains these views of
that tew, she claims no right under the Federal Constitution
to nullify, disregard, or forcibly resist the provision! o f an
aot of Congrmt; that she has already, when such right was
claimed by the State of South Carolina, expressed her
opinion upon it, and she now reaffirms and repeat.< the follow-
ing resolution, then passed by her Legislature, viz:
" ' That the Constitution of the United dtntes ot' America
1 is a solemn social compact by wliiclit lie people ot'tlio «<u4
' States, in order to form a more perfect union, establish jus-
' Uce, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common
• defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the bless-
' mgtiof liberty tor themselves and their posterity formed
' themselves into one body politic, under a common govero-
' ment—that this Constitution, and the laws of the United
' States made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties made
' under the authority of the same, ore the supreme law of
' the laud, anything in the constitution or laws of any State
' to the coiurary notwithstanding; and that no citizen, State
, ' orpther member of the body politic, has aright, in any shape,
1 or-under any pretext, to annul or prevent, the execution of the
' tmd Constitutio n, lam, or treaties, or any of them, excepting
' in such extreme cases as justify a violent resistance to the
' law, On the principle of the natural and indefeasible preroga-
' tice of self-defense against intolerable oppression' "—
—This same Massachusetts, regardless of her
public honor, of her solemn stipulations of com-
pact afid confederation contained in the Federal
Constitution, repeatedly acknowledged by her,
now solemnly and deliberately, by her legislative
action, violates her pledged faith and international
integrity.
And in the face of all this—despite her own
Confession—the Senator from New York boldly
denies that she has been guilty of any disregard
of constitutional obligation ! And the Senator
from New Hampshire, with affected gravity,
denies there has been any aggression on the part
of the North. Indeed, sir, if I rightly interpret
the sentiments avowed, and the public acts of
both those Senators, they not only excuse and
justify the nullification of Massachusetts, but also
the theft and robbery of our property. The Sen-
ator from New York—if I mistake not—refused,
while Governor of that State, to deliver up a
negro thief identified, and arrested there, on the
demand of the Governor of Virginia.
And in 1848 that Senator suggested such nulli-
fication of Federal laws by State legislation, and
robbery and resistance of the master, in an ad-
dress to the people of New York, in which he says:
" Reform your own code, extend a cordial welcome to the
fugitive who lays hU weary limbs at your door, and defend
him as you wonlA your paternal gods—correct your own
error, that slavery has any constitutional guarantee which
may not be released and ought not to be relinquished. Bay.
to slavery, vvjien it shows iu bond, [that is,the Federal Con-
stitution.] and demands its pound of flestl, that if it draws
one drop of blood its life shall pay the forfeit."
What stronger commendation could he have'
| furnished of the nullifying law of Massachusetts,
I or of organized slave-stealing, or of the murder
of Kennedy, who perished in theeffort to recover
his slave in Pennsylvania? The Senator from
New Hampshire justifies both the act of Massa-
chusetts and robbery of our slave property in
denying there has ever been aggression on the
part of the North; and, indeed, affects to find its
warrant in the Holy Scriptures, judging from his
quotation from Deuteronomy.
Nor are nullification of Federal laws by State
j Legislatures, refusal to enforce them by State
' Governors, robbery and theft, the only expedients
adopted to destroy the practical value of our con-
stitutional right ahd legal mode for recovery of
! fugitive slaves. The general convention of Abo-
litionists assembled in Buffalo, in 1843, resolved,
that, whenever called Upon to swear to support
the Federal Constitution, they would by mental
reservation except that clause providing for fugi-
tive slaves ! Thus perjury and fraud are delib-
erately resolved upon and proclaimed as pious
and proper means for wresting from us our prop-
erty'
In fact, the doctrine is commonly held by Abo-
