1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1221
is a branch provided by this bill to the second
read, which, according to the map, will be be-
tweiti forty and fifty miles in length.
Mr. MAXWEL'L. Instead of one hundred
and thirty-five miles?
Mr. BENNETT. Yes, sir; instead of a mid-
dle road, a branch from the road to Tampa Bay is
given to Cedar Keys. The whole length of roads
then will be a little more than five hundred miles.
Mr. LETCHER. What amount of land is
granted ?
Mr. BENNETT. The whole line of the roads,
including: the middle road, would take about one
million three hundred and twenty-eight thousand
acrcs. The middle road would take about three
hundred thousand acres; and, omitting it, there
will be about one million of acres taken up.
Mr. LETCHER. How many acres of the
public land are there in market for sale ?
Mr. BENNETT. I cannot say. Everybody
knows that the sales of the public lands m Florida,
along the lines of those roads, have been very
slow. There arc but few settlements alon^ the
routes, except those at their terminations. I can
tell nearly how many acres there arc for sale.
The statement of the Land Office shows that there
must be for sale about double the amount granted.
Mr. LETCHER. How much ?
Mr. BENNETT. Within fifteen miles of the
roads, one million three hundred thousand acres.
Air. LETCHER. You do not propose to
double the price after you get out of the limit of
six miles. The doubling of pricu is confined to
the limit of six miles, while the railroad com-
pany is allowed to have the benefit of a selection
from lime additional miles.
Mr. BENNETT. It is the same provision
that is embraced m all similar bills.
Mr. LETCHER. So I understand. Therefore
the Government does not get compensation for
the lands it sui renders under that principle.
Mr. STANTON. Has the bill been printed5
Mr. BENNETT. It has not.
Mr. STANTON". Is it the unanimous report
of the Committee on Public Lands:
Mr. BENNETT. It is, with the exception of
tht gentleman's colleague, who, I believe, opposes
all these bills. The bill is letter for letter, and
word for word, like all the other bills granting
lands for railroad purposes. I call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill pro-
poses to give every odd section of the public land
within certain limits for the railroads which are
specified. I would be glad lfihe gentleman would
permit me to oiler an amendment, that all the
even sections be patented to actual settlers on the
payment of twenty-five cents per acre.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I agree to that.
Mr. JONES. If you give the odd sections to
these railroad companies, you ought at least to
give the cultivators of the soil, who ghe the land
all its value, the remaining even sections at
twenty-five cunts per acre.
.Hist cue more remark, and T will close. The
legislation of this country has come to a pretty
pars, when bills appropriating and giving away
millions of acres of the public lands, cannot
be inquired into and cannot be spoken to. ex-
cept bv the grace and special favor of the gen-
tiuuK-Yon the committee which reports them to
the Hot'so. These bills ought to go to the Com-
mittee of the "Whole on the state of the Union,
where full and free discussion can be had upon
them, and where every gentleman here con have
an opportunity of proposing such amendments as
in Lis judgment may be right and proper, and
for the bosr interests of the whole country.
Mr. WHITNEY. With the consent of my
colleague, I wish to ask him one question. X
understand the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands to state that this bill involves an
State, I do not feel at liberty to sustain such a :
system. If a bill were introduced here of a na-
tional character—such as to unite the Atlantic ;
and Pacific oceans—I should feel more at liberty i
to vote appropriations of land. But, sir, as a !
Representative of a State in which no public lands |
exist, but which has as great an interest in the !
public lands of the Government as any of the ;
States in which those lands nre located, I do not i
fell at liberty to give my vote for these private ,
speculations. i
Mr. BENNETT. If the gentleman will indulge I
me I will first reply to the interrogatory of the j
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Joxr^.'j That 1
gentleman, as I understand him, complains that
no discussion is afforded upon these bills. Now, ;
sir, I, for one, should be willing that every gentle- 1
man in the House should havu an opportunity of
discussing them to any extent he ma}-choose;
but, sir, these bills are all reported upon the same
principle, and the principle of the bills is as well
understood as it would be if they were referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and elaborately discussed there. It sounds
very well to talk of sending these bills to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where they can be discussed and perfected; but
every gentleman knows, as well as I do, that if you
send these bills to committee they will never be
reached during the pre sent Congress. I propose,
therefore, that this bill shall be disposed of at
once; not because T want to control the judgment
of the House, or to prevent discussion, but be-
cause it is just as well understood now as it would
be after a month's discussion.
Another fact: the gentleman from Tennessee
will recollect that for two Congresses the Com- j
mittee on Public Lands has occupied the time 1
of the House to the exclusion of all the othei
committers: one session for six months and the
other for four months, and they wore still before
the House, with their business undisposed of,
when the Congress adjourned. Nov.', sir, I desire,
and the House desnvs, that the business of the
Committee on Public Lauds shall be disposed of
as soon as possible.
Now, in reply to my colleague, [Mr. "Whit-
ney,] I have always believed, and I do not give
up the idea, that the State of New York, in com-
mon with all the other Stale5?, has a common in-
terest m the public lands, which are the common
property of all the States of the Union; but it is
well understood that, if a bill were to be passed
to-morrow, giving lands to the old 'States, it
would be vetoed at the other end of the avenue.
But, while I believe in this principle, I am also
willing to give to the new Stat- s a portion of tiu,
lands to aid in the construction of thes^ roads,
because 1 consider these roads a gretit improve-
ment. Wlnle I do that, howoier, I will not by
■ any means foreclose on the interests of the old
States m these lands. I am one of the last mem-
bers of this House who would go for a proposi-
, tion to give the public lands to the new States
I altogether. While I would be liberal with them,
i I would at the same time support a proposition m
: a separate bill to give to the old States an equal
, quantity of lands for like purposes.
I But, 'sir, Congress has adopted the principle
• of giving the public hinds to th<_ new States for
: railroad purposes, and I want to know upon whot
| grounds of justice you have given lands to Illi-
' nois. and Missouri, and Arkansas, and refuse to
i give them to Florida, who needs aid much more
; than ihe other States did ' Sir, it is well known
■ that the settlements in Florida cue slowly made.
! The lands have not been rapidly settled no, and
1 they are not likely to be. This grant will cer-
! tanily be of assistance in inducing sales and set-
! tloment; and I know of no reason why they
should not be given to her as well as to any of
the land State,
appropriation of about one million acres of land ? i Mr. Speaker, I do not want to discuss tnis bill.
Mr. BENNETT. Yes, sir. '! I iwc only s^d- thus much in answer tojne
Mi. WHITNEY. I then wish to ask my col-
league whether lie considers that the State which
he and 1 m port represent has nny interest in
the lands which it is thus proposed to give away ;
And whether he feels justified in reporting a bill
giving awav in this manner the property of tne
JState of New York ? Whether he is in favor of
carrying out this system ot grants, which is in a^
fair way to squander all the acrcs that ere left of
the public domain ? As a Representative of that
I im\e oniy
inquiries that have been propounded to me. 1 his
bill is framed upon the same principle as all the
other railroad bills.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I desire to inquire
of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands what length of roads, in the a-'rrcgvte,
the Committee on Public Lands have agreed to
report in favor of gratis of lands ftu r
Mr. DENNETT. 1 will say th^- Com-
mittee on Public Landc haveagr-^d to rep-ut, our
bill for the State of Michigan, another for the
State of Louisiana—the Texas road—only one
road m the bill, another for the State of Missis-
sippi, another for the State of Alabama, and one
for the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. FULLER. Now, what is the entire length
of all (he roads in all these States which the Com-
mittee on Public Lands propose to aid? What
amount of lands do they propose to give?
Mr. BENNETT. I will say this: The com-
mittee have reported, in every case except two,
less than a million of acres in a bill. The bill
for Michigan and that for Wisconsin each grants
between one and two millions.
Mr. GALLOWAY. Is the gentleman from
New York in favor of the amendment suggested
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. .Tuxes ^1
Mr. BENNETT. No; certainly not. It would
be a violation of the principle upon which all
these gran's are made.
Mr. WHEELER. I would like to know of
my colleague whether he has abandoned the idea
lie has been advocating ever since he has been in
Congress, of distributing these lands amongst the
old States, for the purpose of giung theni up to
railroad corpoiations?
Mr. BENNETT. No, sir. I have never aban-
doned the principle upon which I have always
acted in reference to the distribution of the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the public lands amongst the
old States. But while I am still in favor of that
principle. I am willing to make grants for railroad
purposes to the new States.
Mr. WHEELER. I have always understood
my colleague to be m favor of granting bounty
lands to actual settlers; but now he seems to
have abandoned that idea, and to favor giving
these lands to railroad corporations.
Mr. BENNETT. No such thing. According
to my theory, these lauds are to benefit the States;
and any man who buys land near a lailroad can
well nlVord to pay something more for the great
benefit which he deiives from the road.
Mr. WHEELER. Does the gentleman mean
to advocate the doctrine that the Government,
should enter into a partnership with corporations
to speculate in the public lands?
Mr. BENNETT. Wo give the land to the
States for the purpose of building public roads,
never to companies or corporations; and the com-
mittee have never calculated to grant land to one
State to build more than two roads through the
Stnte. The State of Iowa, will get less than that,
although we authorized the buihhng of four roads;
and the reason was. that all those roads were in
the process of constiuetion, and the amount they
will all get wdl not amos-m to more than would
be given to two roads had not the lands along
their routes already been taken up.
Air. GALLOWAY. Have not companies been
organized to construct the roads upon the routes
referred to in the bills reported by the committee?
Mr. DENNETT. In some (States they have
been, but in others they hnve not. I have sub-
nutt'd this biil because I want to get along with
the business of the committee as soon as pos-
sible: and, if the Hou^e will permit me, I will
cali tlie pievious question.
Mr. BRANCH. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman irom New York whether I understood
; him, in his response to the question of the gep-
; tlern ui from New York, to say that the Commit-
i tee on Public Lands have abandoned the doctrine
; thai the alternate reserved sections are to be
doubled m price through the whole extent to
: which the grant extends? oi, in other words, I
would like to ask the chairman of the Committee
' on Public Lands whether, for every section of
l land granted to these railroads, under this bill,
! another whole section is doubled m price, so that
the Government will receive the same amount of
money as it would if these grouts were not
made r
Mr. BEXNETT. I would say to the gentle-
man that tins bill is like all other bills granting
land fur railroads, which have been passed, in that
respect. The land is granted for six miles upon,
each side of the road in alternate sections, and
the i\serv<.cl sections are doubled in price. But
there is a provision m this bill—such as all other
, bills of the kind have contained—that in case the
land has been taken up within that twelve miles
t>' such an extent that the road cannot get their
a) 111 nate sections? then they may select their lands
