486
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[April Ql,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Slavery Question—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
litionists, and perhaps by those Senators, that a
slave becomes free by removal beyond the law
which maintains his relation towards his master,
and that the Federal Constitution does not recog-
nize that relationship; and hence, that, whenever
a slave escapes into a non-slaveholding State, he
is thereby emancipated.
If, sir, to violate the sacred compacts of the
Constitution, or the solemn obligations of treaties,
or the laws of the land, designed for the protec-
tion of our property in slaves; if to refuse us any
share in territory, which was nominally free
soil when acquired, and to exclude us even from
that which was slaveholding when acquired; if to
invade and rob our border States of tneirslaves,
and to refuse to deliver the fugitive, or the negro
thief, on demand, and to menace with the peni-
tentiary the master who seeks his slave in your
limits, be aggression, then may the South justly
complain of some northern States and their citi-
zens.
But aggression may be committed bywords no
less than by deeds—by States as well as by indi-
viduals. The slanderer or libeler is more detest-
able and dangerous than the robber or thief. The
Jaws of all countries give redress to the victims
of the former, as well as of the latter criminals.
And does the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] know of no State or anti-slavery party, or
man, in the North who lias committed any aggres-
sion on the people of the South by tcords more
offensive and injurious than the predatory irrup-
tions of those bands of robbers who hang upon
our frontiers ? Is not our system of slavery ha-
bitually denounced as a. heinous crime in the sight
of God, which no human laws can justify, and
no individual or State necessity can excuse or
extenuate ? Has not this been done by solemn
legislative resolves? Is it not represented as the
most atrocious robbery and the most pitiless and
cruel tyranny ? Are not the northern people ad-
jured by their philanthropy, their patriotism,and
their religion, " to trample Altar, Constitution, the
Union, underfoot," if necessary to emancipate the
negro ? Are not slaveholders painted as tyrants
towards their fellow-men and traitors to .God, as
inhuman, infamous, and despicable as Algerine
pirates, or South Sea Islanders? Is not a cease-
less and persistent effort made to prepare the
public mind North to loathe them as lepers and
treat them as outlaws ? Are not Christian sects
required to close their churches against them as
profaners of the sanctuary; civilized communities
to exclude, and avoid them as engenderers of
moral pestilence? Are not the aid of the pulpit,
the court, the press, the hustings, the legislative
hall, and the school, invoked to heap odium and
infamy upon the heads of slave-owners, and make
their very name a byword of hissing and scorn ?
Are not the purpose and plan of abolition to in-
voke upon the South the curse of Nineveh : " I
trill east abominable filth upon thee, and make thee
rile, and set thee as a gazing stock?" I need not
quote authorities to establish the fact, that th'e
reputation and renown of southern people are
made the objects of systematic and persevering
calumny and detraction. But, sir, as there are
some recent illustrations in the speeches of men
occupying seats on this floor, I will bring them
to notice to-day.
In a speech at Albany, New York, in October
last, the Senator from New York [Mr. Seward]
took as his text "the danger of extending slavery,
and labors to prove that slaveholders are a ' 'priv-
ileged class," whom he charges with fraud, perfidy,
and dishonor—with controlling the Government, I
domineering over the North, and preventing her j
from receiving her due share of the territories,
treasures, trusts, and offices of the Union. i
In the same month, in another speech, at Buf- i
falo, New York, the Senator from New York
indulges in similar denunciations, and says:
" The non-slaveholder in slave States is allowed no inde-
pendence, no neutrality" * *   " whips, pistols, knives, \
enforce not merely their silence, but their active partisan- <
thip," [for slavery.] " The right of free speech is lost to
them, the right of suffrage is valueless to them, the honors
and rewards of public office are denied to them."
This, sir, is the assertion of one professing to
speak from personal knowledge acquired by a
residence in the South. There is no difference,
according to law and good morals, between the
I assertion of that which one knows to be false,
1 and the assertion of that which he does not know
I to be true. I care not which horn of the dilemma
the Senator chooses, but he must take one or the
other. Sir, some of my predecessors—Senators
from Alabama—were non-slaveholders. Some of
her Representatives in Congress,in former days,
| were non-slaveholders. Many of the members of
her State Legislature, at this day, are non-slave-
holders, and many of those of past years were non-
slaveholders. Doubtless, the same facts may be
predicated of all the southern States. Non-slave-
holders are as respectable, as proud of spirit, as
independent and tenacious of their rights as slave-
holders, and no less influential. I believe a ma-
jority of the officeholders in Alabama at this day
are non-slaveholders. Being a slaveholder or a
non-slaveholder is no recommendation or disqual-
ification for office there.
The Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] speaking
to a Maine audience in August last, denounces
slaveholders as a " handful of aristocrats;" declares
'' there is no more liberty for a white man in the South,
■unless he owns slaves, than there is for thf slave him-
self;" complains that the South has gotten too
much territory, and "is now smearing over with her
i slime the whole of the northern portion of this
| continent, with the intention of swallowing that
| also;" and declares of slavery:
I " It is all a system of outrage, aggression, and wrong.
Slavery founded in violence must always he aggressive ; and
i the moment it ceases to be aggressive it ceases to be at all.
1 That is its very life ; Us being is outrage; and the moment
it ceases to commit these outrages, that moment it runs
down. Therefore, if you will go along with us to restore
things to the condition they were in previous to 1850, repeal
this infamous fugitive slave law, and restore the rights in-
: vaded by the Kansas and Nebraska bills; if this is done,
i then you will not need to demand, what you have a right to
| demand, indemnity for the past and security for the future.
[ Let us restore things to their former position ; for, until we
do that, our honor is not vindicated; the sense of justice of
our fathers will not be appeased until we, their sons, have
driven these vandals back and made tliem restore the rights
they have stolen from ui."
i The Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sum-
| ner,] speaking in Boston in November last, made
I " the slave oligarchy and its usurpations" his theme,
j and after showing the paucity of slave owners,
; says:
] " Yes,"fellow-citizens, it is an oligarchy, odious beyond
, pmcedent; heartless, grasping, tyrannical; careless of hu-
i inanity, right, or the Constitution; ivanting that foundation
of justice which is the essential base of every civilized com-
munity; stuck together only by confederacy in spoliation ; and
; constituting in itself a magnum latrocinium; while it de-
' grades the free States to the condition of a slave plantation,
under the lash of a vulgar, despised, and revolting over-
, seer."
After charging the oligarchy with taking the
lion's share of offices ana trusts of the Govern-
ment, and enumerating its usurpations, he says:
" Fellow-citizens, i have said enough to stir you; but this
humiliating tale is not yet finished. An oligarchy seeking
to maintain an outrage like slavery, and drawing its inspira-
tion from this fountain of wickedness, is naturally base,
false, and heedless of justice. It is vain to expect that men,
who have screwed themseloes to become the propagandists of
this enormity, wiU be restrained by any compromisev com-
pact, bargain, or plighted faith. As the less is contained in
i the greater, so there is no vileness of dishonesty, no denial
j of human rights, that is not plainly involved in the support
of an institution, which begins by changing man, created in
the image of God, into a chattel, and sweeps little children
; away to the auction block."
"What more of defamation, vituperation, and
vilification could be expressed or conceived ?
What worse could be uttered of Barbary corsairs
or West India buccaneers? What Christian or
civilized nation would form alliances with such
monsters of iniquity, much less fraternize with
them as members of the same political family,
■united by common interests, and devoted to the
same civil destiny? What man of the least share
of the virtues which constitute the grace and
worth of manhood would take such miscreants
to his bosom as friends, or recognize them as
associates? And yet, those who profess to abhor
and contemn us, when speaking behind cyir backs
io a northern audience, here, on this floor, and
in this city, seek the society, and, when per- ;
mitted, make the acquaintance of slaveholders, :
salute them as equals, cordially grasp their hands
as friends, and court their favor with abject syco-
i phancy!
! Mr. President, I shall not aeign to vindicate
my constituency or myself of calumnies so atro-
; cious and so infamous. But I must say, that
those who utter them are neither faithful friends
nor frank foes: they deceive and mislead their
constituents at home, and betray thenl here; they
smile on us when present, and traduce us when
i absent; they
j " Wear friendship's mask for purposes of spite ;
| Fawn in the day, and butcher in the night."
! Such is the conduct of one whom the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] reverences as
doing honor to the Senate bv taking his seat on
this floor—conduct which he humbly imitates,
if his visits to the west end of this avenue have
j not been grossly misrepresented. Indeed, I sup-
i pose that Senator and all of his party have
indorsed those calumnies by aiding in their pub-
lication, and circulating them under their own
franks. And, sir, the Treasury of the United
States is surreptitiously used to defray the ex-
pense of enveloping their pamphlet poison for
dissemination through the mails.
Sir, we are not only represented as a people
worthy of universal scorn, and deserving uni-
versal enmity, but our total destruction is encour-
aged and invoked by rallying to arms against
us, not only all the world outside our limits, but
our slaves and the non-slaveholders in our midst.
To embolden our outside assailants, they are
assured that we are utterly impotent for purposes
i of resistance or defense; and to encourage insur-
rection within, our slaves are assured of the sym-
pathy of the world without. The Senator from
Ohio, in the speech from which I have quoted,
ridiculing the idea that the South can be driven
by any aggressions to dissolve the Union, tells
the people of Maine that "it is mean and con-
! temptible in northern people to yield, as they
have yielded, before this handful of aristocrats.
" Yes, sir," says he, " the humbug of disunion
has done more to cow down the spirit of the
■ North than all other things put together. The
fear of a dissolution of this Union ! My God !
only think of it for a moment! A dissolution
, of the Union coming from the puny arm of the
South. Six millions of people, with three mil-
lions of mortal enemies in their very midst, and
no mechanic arts—not even the manufacture of a
scow to row themselves across the rivers with !
And yet they say, if you do not come to our
terms, we will dissolve the partnership. Why,
sir, there is not a business man anywhere, who,
if he had such a partner, would hesitate to kick
him out at once and have done with it."
The Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,]
in one of the speeches quoted, after speaking of
the many bonds of the Union upon the North,
says: " the slaveholders, in spite of all their
threats, are bound to it by the same bonds, and
they are bound to it also by a bond peculiarly
their own—that of dependence onitfor their own safety.
Three millions of slaves are a hostile force constantly
in their presence, in their very midst. The servile
war is always the most fearful form of war. The
world Without sympathizes with the servile enemy.
Against that war, the American Union is the
only defense of the slaveholders—their only pro-
tection. If ever they shall, in a season of mad-
ness, recede from that Union and provoke that
war, they will—soon come back again."
While " the world without" is thus aroused
against us, and to " sympathize with the servile
enemy," and the slaves within our limits are
promised the sympathy of " the world without,"
these same men appeal to the pride, ambition, and
envy of non-slaveholders in our midst to redress
imputed wrongs by subverting the " privileged
class,"the " slave oligarchy." The Senator from
Massachusetts tells them of the malign influences
which bear with oppressive force upon free labor.
They are taunted by the Senator from Ohio with
the assertion, " that there is no more liberty for
the whiteman in the South,unless he owns slaves,
than there is for the slave himself;" and by the
Senator from New York with the assertion that
"slaveholders enforce their silence and their partisan-
ship with whips, pistols, and knives." They are told
by others no less credible, though less distin-
guished—high officials of the emigrant aid society
—that their labor is unrewarded; that slavery
taxes and degrades them; that the slave States are
of small value indeed to the General Government,
and southern trade is comparatively insignificant
And to bolster these calumnies, not only is his
