2096
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 13,
For eompe
SMMb*
(jSl.ffWfa.,! v
rat^lrespeeti
.LEGISLATIVE, ETC., BILL—AGAIN..
' The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the "Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Washburn, of Maine, in the chair.)
The pending1 question was on Mr. Seward's
.amendment; and, being taken, said amendment
.was disagreed to. *
V* LMr. SAGE, I offer the following amendment:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so
construed as to authorize the President to enter into any
■secret and confidential arrangements to liberate the pris-
oners in Kansas before they shall have been publicly dis-
charged from their imprisonment and indictments.
. The amendment was disagreed to.
The Senate amendment as amended was then
concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
" Insert, under the head of" Kansas Territory," as follows:
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, $20,000.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in the
amendment; that is, that no appropriation be
made for the Legislative Assembly of Kansas.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The recommendation
tfor non-concurrence was carried by a tie vote in
the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL, But the chairman of the
committee was entitled to a vote, and gave it
against concurring with the Senate.
Mr. COBB. I wish it to be known that a
portion of the committee were in favor of a
concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-second amendment:
Strike out, " For salary of the circuit judge of California,
$4,500;" and insert in lieu thereof:
^For jjompen^ation of the judge of the circuit court of
- ^ ^oqo . an(j for compensation of the judge of
court for the southern district of California,
d the salaries of said judges shall be at the&u
. ctively for the present fiscal year, and annually
thereafter.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-third and twenty-fourth amendments:
From the clause;" For salaries for the chief justice of
the District of Columbia, the associate judges, and the judge
of the criminal court, and the orphans' court, $11,700,"
strike out" $11,700," and insert in lieu thereof" $16,700',"
and add thereto the following:
And from and after the 30th of June, 1856, the salary of
the chief justice of the circuit court of the District of Co-
lumbia shall be $tf,750 per annum ; the salaries of the asso-
ciate judges, and the judge of the criminal court of said
District, shall be $3,500 per annum, to be paid quarterly;
and the salary of the judge of the orphans' court of the
District of Columbia, shall hereafter be $2,500 per annum,
payable quarterly.
Mr, CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
From the clause, " For salaries of three judges of the
Court of Claims, the solicitor, assistant solicitor, clerk, and
assistant clerks and messengers thereof, $25,300," strike
out" $25,300," and insert in heu thereof " §27,000."
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in that
amendment, with an amendment, which is to in-
sert, after, the words "assistant solicitor," the
words "and deputy."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was then con-
curred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Insert after the clause, as just amended, the words :
To purchase a hbrary/or the use of the judges and soli-
citor, $*2,500.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, and twenty-
ninth amendments:
Amend the clause, " For salaries of nine supervising and
fifty local inspectors, appointed under act 30th Augu.st, 1852,
for the better protection of the lives of passengeis by steam-
i with traveling and other expenses incurred by them,
§&>,000,  by striking out "nine" and inserting m lieu
tiiereof tcteninserting "two" after the word "fifty,"
"ei^luyl"^rSt 0ccurs' and inserting "six" after the woid
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend anon-concurrence in those
amendments.
The amendments were non-concurred-in.
Thirtieth amendment:
Strike out the following:
Provided, That no part of the money hereby appropriated,
shall be expended for prosecuting or detaining any person
or persons charged with treason, or any other political of-
fense, in the Territory of Kansas, for any prosecutions that
have been heretofore instituted for political offenses.
- Mr. PENNINGTON. I "offer the following
amendment to the Senate amendment:
Provided, however. That -no part of the same shall be
expended for arresting, prosecuting, punishing, or detain-
ing, anyperson charged with treason or other otfense found-
ed upon any participation of such person in the formation
of the constitution known as the Topeka constitution, or
measures preparatory thereto, or in pursuance thereof, or in
the body claiming to be the Legislature of said Territory,
convened at Topeka, or any measure preparatory thereto,
or in pursuance thereof; or any violation or disregard what-
ever of any enactment of the alleged Legislative Assembly
of said Territory recently assembled at Shawnee Mission ;
but nothing contained in this proviso shall be so construed
as to prevent the indictment, arrest, prosecution, punish-
ment, or detention, in or by any court of the United States
in said Territory, of any person who shall have violated any
provision of any act of Congress, m the* commission of any
offense against person or property in said Temtory.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to. The Senate amendment as amended was con-
curred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
For printing and publishing one thousand copies of the
papers of James Madison, now in the archives of the State
Department, under the direction and control of the Joint
Committee on the Library of Congress, $6,000.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That said work shall be pnntedsfcy the public
printer, and that no more shall be paid for said printing than
the amount authorized by the laws regulating public print-
ing.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment as amended was concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
Sec. 3.  1nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be authorized to employ, m addition to those now
allowed by law, one clerk of class four, in the office of the
colonel of topographical engineers,and to take oue clerk from
class two, and add one to cla&s four, in his office; that the
Secretary ofthe Interior he authouzed to employ in his office
one cleric of class lour, in addition to those now allowed by
law, and temporarily, one clerk of class two, to take charge
of the census returns; that the Secretary ofthe Tieasury be
authorized to employ one clerk of class thiee, m the office of
the Fifth Auditor, and to take one clerk from class tin ee3 and
add one to class lour, in the office ofthe Register; and such
sum as may be necessary to carry into effect the provisions
of this section, to the 30th of June, 1857, is hereby appro-
pi latcd out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated^
Mr. CiStPBRLIj, of Ohio. The Committee
of Ways and Moans recommend a concurrence
in that amendment, with the following amend-
ments:
After the woids " Fifth Auditor," insert" and to take one
clerk from class two, and add one cleik to clans three, in
the office of the First Comptrollerand to add at the ernl
of the section: "to enable the Secretary of War to employ
tempoiary clerks m the oflice of the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, un bounty land seivice, $5,000, and that the same is
hereby aNo appiopnated."
The amendments to the amendment were agreed
to.
The ^enate amendment as amended was con-
curred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The Committee of Ways
and Means have recommended a non-concurrence
in the other amendments of the Senate.
Mr. BENSON. Yes; but I think that we will
all agree in the amendment giving to the Marine
Band four dollars a month more than they now
have.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I propose that, with the
exception of the amendment indicated by the
gentleman from Maine, the thirty-fifth, a vote be
taken on the whole of the other amendments, in
which the Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend a non-concurrence.
There being;no objection, the question was so
taken; and the other amendments were non-con-
curred in.
The question recurred on the thirty-fifth amend-
ment, in which the Committee of Ways and
Means recommended a non-concurrence, as fol-
lows:
Jlni he it further cnactci, That the pay ofthe marines in
tile service of the United States who compose the corps of
musicians known as the Marine Band, stationed at the navy-
yard m Washington city, be and the same is hereby in-
creased at the rate of four dollars per month, commencing
on the 1st of May last, and to continue as long as they shall
perform, by order of the Sesretary of the Navy, or other
superior officer, in the Capitol grounds, or in the President's
grounds'. -
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. QAMPBELL. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly the amendments of the Senate to House
bill (No. 202) making appropriations for the le-
gislative, executive, and judicial departments of
the Government, for the year ending June 30,
1857; and had directed him to report a concur-
rence in some, a concurrence in others with amend-
ments, and a non-concurrence in others of such
amendments.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I rise to a point of
order, in order that I may not be precluded from
it. I desire to make a point of order on one of
the amendments reported by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; they have
reported an amendment there which is not in
order, and which the Chair cannot entertain, t
state it now, in order that 1 may not be deplared
to be too late.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 desire to under-
stand what the point of order is, made by the
gentleman from Georgia, before X move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. COBB. The point of order which I intend
to submit is this: an amendment came from the
Senate striking out a portion of the bill as it went
from thr. House to the Senate. The Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union reported
a concurrence in the Senate amendment, with an
amendment. The amendment which they re-
port, is to add a proviso to the original matter
stricken out by the Senate. Now, Mr. Speaker,
the point of order made the other day was not
the same as this. If it were precisely the same I
would not now raise the point, because I would
not ask the Chair or the House to overrule its
former decision. The point on which the Chair
then based its decision, was, (and the Journal go
shows,) that it was a motion to strike out and
insert. But this is not a motion to insert matter
in lieu of that which is stricken out, but to do
that which the Speaker decided the other day
could not be done—to amend the original matter
by adding on a proviso. That is the point of
order which I submit.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will rule on the
question when the House shall have reached the
amendment.
Mr. COBB. I merely submit it now in order
that the gentleman from Ohio may know what
the point of order is.
The question being on concurring in the report
of the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, on the Senate amendments to House
bill No. 202,
Mr. CAMPBELL moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With a view to enable
members to see in print the amendments proposed
in this bill, which are important, 1 move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman from Ohio
allow me to appeal to him to-withdraw the mo-
tion to adjourn, and let me ask the House to take
up the ordinary territorial business reported by
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ? The Delegates from the Territories are
very anxious it should be disposed of.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will withdraw the mo-
tion. My object is to have the vote taken on the
amendments to-morrow morning.
Mr. GROW. I hope consent will be given to
take up the territorial business, and let the House
act upon it.
Mr. ORR. When?
Mr. GROW. At this time.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 object.
Mr. GROW. One of the bills is for libraries
for the Territories.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 object to libraries for the
Territories.
Mr. GROW. Is it not'm order to move a sus-
pension of the rules?
