1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1223
ELECTION LAW FOR WASHINGTON CITY.
The bill of tho Senate (No. 125) to define the
duties of commissioners of elections of the city
of Washington; and for other purposes, was
next taken from the Speaker's table, and read a
first and second time.
Mr. MEACHAM. As the provisions of that
bill are very simple, and as the election of the
city of Washington is near at hand, I wish to
ask the conscnt of the House to put the bill on
its passage at this time, and I call the previous
question.
Tho SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the bill to a third reading.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I hope the gentleman
will permit me to make the motion, that the bill
be committed to the Committee of tho Whole on
the state of the Union, where it may be discussed,
and where there will be no attempt to ga  it
through this House without affording any oppor-
tunity for amendment.
Mr.MEACHAM, I insist upon the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman froni Vermont will withdraw the demand
for the previous question, and move to amend tin-
bin in the first section by inserting, after the word
"Unowingly," the words, "and Willfully." And
with his permission I will say, that this bill as it
passed the Senate was printed in the Intelligencer
this morning, and that, I understand, in this
shape it meets the approval of tho authorities of
the city.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, I desire to say
that I understand the bill does nut meet the ap-
proval of the authorities of the city.
Mr. MEACHAM. I withdraw my motion
foi the previous question, and move the amend-
ment suggested by the gentleman from Tennessee,
to insert, after the word*4 knowingly,5* th*  words,
"and willfully," in the first section of the bill.
I now demand the pievious question.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ver-
mont has not yrt yielded the floor.
Mr. CARLlLE. I raise this question of order.
The gentleman from Vermont submitted a mo-
tion to the House; now I submit that he cannot, ,
while tin* House is voting upon that motion, re-
sume the floor to submit another and distinct j
motion. ;
The SPEAKER. The question of order raised 1
by the gentleman from Virginia would certainly 1
be correct, but the gentleman has not correctly j
stated tho question before the House. j
The gentleman from Vermont moved an amend- j
merit to this bill, and having stated his amend- I
ment, by parliamentary courtesy wos entitled to
the floor. It has been decided a thousand times, !
that, wh<m a gentleman oilers an amendment, by ;
parliamentary courtesy he is entitled to the floor !
upon that amendment. ;
Mr. CARLILE. lie is entitled to the floor to '
address the Iloftsc, but not to make another mo-
tion. ;
Mr. MEACHAM. Tdemandtheprevious ques-
tion upon the third reading of the bill. :
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The gentleman from !
Vermont, 1 apprehend, under the rules of this ■
Hou^e, lias no right to submit a motion and then
call the previous question upon it before yielding :
the floor. I have risen for the purpose of moving
that this bill be committed to the Committee of;
the Whole on the state of the Union. I make '
that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Clmir will state his urn _ j
derstandjng of the rights of the member from Vcr-' |
mont. The gentleman from Vermont, pending '
the question on ordering the bill to a thud lead-;
ing, moved an amendment. The usa°:e of the 1
House and parliamentary courtesy gave bun the
rightto the floor upon that amendment;aud while
he has a right to the floor upon that amendment, ,
hi' has also the li^ht, after his speech, or without
making a speech, if he please, to demand the pre-
vious quest'on. That has been the universal prac-
tice of the liou?«<>.
Mr. UOCOCK. The previous question having ,,
been rjHed. it is not m order to move to commit i1
the bill. ■'
The SPEAKER. It is not in order until the
House shall have decided upon seconding the ■;
demand for the pievious question.
Mr. CARLILE. I submit a motion which I
believe is in order. I move that the bill be laid
on the table; and upon that I demand the yeas
and nays.
_ Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before the ques-
tion is taken upon that motion, I ask that the bill
may be read.
Several Members. Oh,no!
lhe SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has the right to demand the readme of the
bill.
Mr. JONES. _ I want the bill to bo read, and
that it shall go in the proceedings of the Mouse
immediately preceding the vote on laying it on
the table.
i The bill was read, and is as follows:
; Be it enacted, That if any commissioner or other
i person, appointed to Mipainteiid municipal elections in the
city of V\ a-hiiiiiton &hull knowingly rctu^o to roccivc the
vote ot a poison pos.-et^m^ the qualification to vote
, at Mien election, or shall m nnv other manner hinder or
, prevcrt the legal exercise of the euUiw hanehisc m said
ci)y oi W ii^hniirioi), lie shall, upon lndu'tni^ni and convic-
tion thereof holme tiie cinaiual e-ouit of the JV'tnel of
Columbia, be subject to unpn^owineiU m the euuntv ja.il for
1 a peiioj o; tune not c\ee<.-dniii mm jauntily ami loaiine
; not eAeeediim .f'JUO in each cave, at the di--cietiou of the
. court, and shall thereafter be ineligible to any oiiice under
, the city eorpuiation, besides liable xu damages to the
j pdrty u'ho-e vote shall he so rejected.
^c. -2. Jlwl bcitfurther enaded. That the penalty pie-
, senbed id the forciioing Miction of the act shall apply to an>
, coiuniL-.-ioiU'i.: oi othot por-oiis appointed to «uponnt'jnd
■ an election vUu> may wiihuliy and knowingly receive, or
! permit to ho received, the vote of any person not legally
| authou/.cd lo vote , and, also, to anj p,.,i..on or poisons u ho
J may v.illfallj <U-tuib3 molest, hinder, oi lnicrfeie with, Said
couiiiiissKJiicis while in the discharge of then* duties', or
\\ ho may u illluily mule.-t. JuruM, tiistuib, oi in tone re wnli.
any i white at or  om« to the p.vJK: and. aUo, to any
]>'i-on n pri-on-; who may vote illegally, or more than
one \ at any nmmeipal election. And m making the tc-
tuin^ot anj ct'ruoti n> the of the oitv. the <.om-
nn--ionei-or cihcr pi':voii-4 apjKiniiod lo superintend said
el.'ctioa ?iuui aNo make :t naiun   t ail the ballots ca-^t on
the octa-ion, to be t-<'euR'l> kepttor a period of at least two
r^r.c, 3. Jl.vl be it further ciuidcL That m the joint me*t-
■ 1112 ot the hoards of aldeimen and common coum-il for the
appointment of coimnttsMoncis of clean.n-. a- piovuh'<l m
■ the bi\th -cciioit ot the act npproved Mn> i,~>, entitled
"All a^t to incorporate tue inhabitant^ oi the city of Wash-
ington, and to repeal all act> lieieiofore pa^ed for thatpui-
, po-«-," no tnomlk-r of either hoard shall bu entitled to vote
lor moio than two of the three eoinm^sionotv to be elected
for each waid oi election precinct ; and in all eases the
three peisons having the highest number of votes ^Iiall bo
deciaicd duly elected.
Sec. 4. Jlad be it further enacted, T3iat it shall he the
duty of th'1 city corporation to piovide at least ivvo ejection
piet inc r,3 in each waul, to appoint conuin^joner? to Mipcr-
mtend elections in the same, and to adopt such other reg-
ulations as ma> he neces&aiy to give lull force and eiiect to
this act.
Skc. 5. Ji ad he it further cnarted. That at all election'- to
he held in the cut} of YVa-.-hrngton tor mun.e.pa' oih'vr , the
polU shall lv opened at -even' o'clock, a. m.. and < }o-ed at
seven o'clock, p m. ; and that all act- ami parte of acK m-
eon-j-,tont with this aet arc heteb\ icpealed.
Mr. WALKER. Is it in order to oiler an
amendment ?
_ The SPEAKER. It is not. Thore is a mo-
tion pending to lay on the tabic.
Mr. C MLLfLE. In the hope thnt the House
will allow the bill to he put in a condition where
it can be amended, I withdraw the motion to lay
on the table.
Mr. WALKER. Is it now m order toolferun
amendment?
The SPEAKER. Itis not, the gentleman from
Vermont calls for the previous question.
Mr. WALKER. 1 v.iU just to the gen-
tleman who calls the previous question the amend-
ments which I desire to offer. I was not in the
I-Jonspwhcn the bill was taken from the Speaker's
table. I understand, however, that it is proposed
to amend it so as to come up to some of my
demands. After the word k* knowingly," m the
first section, it is moved to add the words, " and
Willfully." I desire to amend in two particulars, i
Fust, to add the word i£ corruptly,'5 so that the ■
words shall be " knowingly, willfully, and cor- j
ruptly;'5 and. in the seeon'd place, to amend a
subsequent section which leaves it in the discre- {
turn of the juth;e trying the cause to determine !
what shall bo "the extent of the penalty he is ;
authorized to impose, by the law, on these com-
missioners. 1 propose to strike out tho word ,
<k court," where that word is found inconncctnm
with the imposition of the penalty, and in lieu j
thereof to insert "at the discretion of the jury I
trying the same." '
Mr. MEACHAM. If the Hons.- lip so dis- I
pyscd I v.-i -:h to h:ivc this bill put oil itu psssage'
and to sho-vv my willingness to do it I withdraw
ray amendment, and insist on the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. WHITWEY. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr, TRII'PE. 1 understood the Speaker to
rule out of order the motion made by the gentle-
i man from Kentucky, that the bill be referred to
; the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
j Union. Now, if the House refuse to second the
; call for the previous question, will it not then be
; in order either to submit that motion or to amend
; the bill ?
T The SPEAKER. It will.
|! Mr. TRIPPE. I demand tellers on seconding
! i the call for the previous question.
I Tollers were ordered; and Messrs. Bocock and
I Tmpvn were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 36.
fio the previous question' was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put;
, and being put, the bill was ordered to a third
I reading, and was read the third time.
i Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to reconsider
i the vote by which the bill was ordered to be read
]. a third time.
!l Mr. SANDEDGE. I move to lay the motion
J, to reconsider on the table.
[J Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman has not
' the floor for that purpose.
!. Air. JONES, of Tennessee. Did the gentleman
II from Kentucky vote in the affirmative? There
■ was a division.
; The SPEAKER. The Chair replies to the
j1 question now as he has done to similar questions
urfoie—that unless the vote be taken by yeas
i and nays it is not possible for the Chair to
determine whether a gentleman voted in the
'' affirmative or in the negative.
Mr. JCVXES, of Tennessee. I submit this
I question of order. The previous question will
1 not be exhausted until the bill has been read a
third time. That was what the previous ques-
i, tion was upon, and the gentleman cannot move
j to reconsider and make a speech until the prcvi-
j ■ ous question is exhausted; and it can only be
exhausted by reading the bill the third time.
|i The SPEAKER. The. bill has been read a
j, third time. But_ the$e is a previous principle
'{ which will sustain.the Chair; and that is, that a
motion to reconsider a vote maybe entertained
; and entered before the previous question is ex-
hausted.
Mr. JONES. Rut it is not debatable.
Mr. McCARTY. I rise to a point of order.
, The gentleman from Kentucky did not vote with
1 the majority, and therefore cannot move to recon-
i ' sider. I appeal to the gentleman from Kentucky
'' himself to decide whether he did vote with the
j majority.
j! The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the
:■ Chair to determine that question.
Mr. JONES. I ask if the question of ordering
! the bill to be read a third time was not taken by
'tellers? If it was, did not the gentleman from
Kentucky vote in the negative?
Mr. MARSHALL. I 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) It is not in
order for the gentleman from Kentucky to reply
to a question addressed to the Chair. The ques-
tion whether or not the bill should be read a third
1 time was not taken by tellers. The question of
seconding the demand for the previous question
was the only question decided by tellers,
i Mr. H. MARSHALL. Gentlemen on both
i sides of the House manifest extreme sensitiveness
! about tliitj bill. I feel no excitement in conse-
i qucnce of its presence, nor because wc are called
1 to act upon it. i have moved a reconsideration
of tho vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read the third time, to give the
reasons why I moved to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole, on the state of the
' Union ; and, by suggesting amendments that
should have been made to the bill, to induce the
House to retrace its st< ps, and to aiford an oppor-
1 tunity vet to arrange its details in proper shape
before it becomes a law.
Tho bill under consideration is, in substance,
, if not in terms, the same as that which was
' originally introduced into this House by the
' Committee for the District of Columbia, except
