APPENDIX yQ THff CpiVGHESSXQN^ QlyQBE.
[April 21,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Affairs in Kansas—Slavery Question—Mr. Clay.
Senate.
a dissolution of the Union, in order that thov
may cive free vent to their hostility, unrestrained
bv pled^s of faith; the other, thinking they can
accomplish abolition in the Union, and still enjoy
nnrig&tion acts, fishing bounties, tariffs, and in-
ternal improvements, atFect to lo\e it, and levei-
ence the Constitution, Avhile accepting all the ben-
efits it confers, and evading the duties it enjoins.
An army with banners is preferable to a Trojan
horse. All th" anti-slavery measures which have
been sti<rs:esR\i are legitimate fruits of abolition,
upon which avarice and ambition feed and batten.
The first general abolition society in the United
States was formed in Boston in 18'V2. They de-
clared their object was " to effect the abolit ion of
slavery in the United States, and to obtain tor
free people of color equal civil and political rights
nnd privileges with the whites." They presented
to the slaveholder the alternative of " life or
death." They said, " The master must manumit
his slave, or the slave will manumit himseli '—
to manumit him is " to shut the flood-gates of
]uiman woe and human blood"—to hold him in
Tassalaffe will " hove a direct tendency to nnsheath
tkerteoril ofretigeanct, revolution and death." Such
were theiravowals of purpose—such their somber
vaticinations. Yet they only proposed to exert
moral means. The next year the American Anti
Slavery Spciety wasformed in New York. They
professeathe same purposes, but proposed the
exertion of political, as well as moral means; to
invoke the aid of the pulpit, the press, and the
~ ool to teach " that slavery is a heinous crime in
fight of God, and that the duty, safety, and best
interest of all concerned require its immediate
abandonment without expatriation;" " to invoke
Congress to put an end to the domestic slave trade,
to abolish slarery in all those portions of our common
country which come under its control, especially in
the District of Columbia, and likewise to prevent
its extension to any State that may hereafter be
admitted." All unlawful means in effecting it
were however disclaimed.
What they have achieved has been partly told.
Their growth has kept pace with population;
their demands have increased with their power.
Despised, hooted, and mobbed twenty years ago,
they now constitute a strong political party con-
fessedly; they allege the first in point of numbers
in the northern States. They have rent asunder
all orthodox Christian denominations but three,
and sectionalized them under the designations of
northern and southern churches. They influenced
the Methodist Church North to violate the pre-
eepts ofreligion and principles of common honesty
by appropriating to its exclusive use the common
property, Without even the plea of necessity with
wbich the highwayman excuses his robbery.
They have induced a general adoption by those
churches of their shibboleth—no communion with
slaveholders. They have supplanted the religion
of Christ with the gospel of abolition—insomuch
that their ministers every Sabbath proclaim war
against the South, instead of "peace, good-will 1
towards men;" and teach the damnation of slave-
holders, instead of the salvation of sinners. They
have rendered valueless the constitutional right
of southern men to carry their slaves into, or
through, several of the non-slaveholding States;
and have made the slaveholder so odious in those
States that he is greeted with insult and injury
whenever he enters them. They have made it
cause of reproach to befriend a slaveholder. They
have driven southern students from northern
colleges, and many southern travelers from their
cities and watering-places. They have extorted
from the Legislatures of at least five northern
States acts virtually nullifying the fugitive slave
taws of 1793 and 1850, and violating both confed-
erate and constitutional obligations. They have
acquired entire control of the Legislature of Mas-
sachusetts, which has not only twice adopted a
motion to amend the Constitution by abolishing
slave representation in Congress, but has initi-
ated, under its paternal auspices, that race of ab-
sorption which one of her sons contemplates with
complacency and doubt as to its result, by legal-
izing the marriage of blacks and whites ! In Mas-
sachusetts coarse sensualism and refined taste may
now gratify depraved or morbid appetites in free
eoftimerce of the sexes of every hue, from sooty .
Black to Parian white, under the sanction of lawfm I
wedlock ! And, judging from the social affinities
of the races thus declared, and the reported amal-
gamation already begun in Massachusetts, the
time may not be remote when one of her Senators
may offer to introduce at the levees of a President
his sable spouse, and claim for her that equality
here which she enjoys at home!
And now, sir, I ask, is it surprising that the
people of Missouri, and of the entire South,
should regard the movement of Massachusetts
for colonizing Kansas with distrust and dis-
favor, ^-ith apprehensions for their safety, and a
disposition to fortify and defend themselves.
Seeing what fanaticism has achieved, and con-
templating what it proposes, how could the people
of Missouri fail to exert every means reconcil-
able -with constitutional or natural law to prevent
the planting of a colony in their midst, embody-
ing the sentiments ana principles, the civil laws
and ecclesiastical regulations maintained by the
dominant party of Massachusetts? Had she
proposed to convert Kansas into a penal colony,
" would Missourians have been at fault in resisting?
Had she proposed to transfer there the foreign
white paupers, who, with amiable philanthro-
py, she has forced back to their trans-atlantic
homes, would Missouri have had no excuse in
her example in repelling or expelling them ?
: Yet, how much more detestable and dangerous
i than mendicants or criminals, are those who are
taught by precept and example to disregard the
Constitution ana the laws, and even the Deca-
logue itself, in order to achievo their ends ? Pau-
pers are drones who tax society, but do not
menace its existence. Ordinary felons are content
with a small sphere of operation, and, with a few
victims on whom to glut their evil passions,
and rarely exhibit in a single individual a violation
of all the laws of the land. While they break the
law they acknowledge its majesty, and admit the
justice of its penalties.
But Abolitionists deny all authority, human
ot divine, which permits involuntary servitude;
i advocate emancipation of the black race at every
hazard, and by any sacrifice of the white race;
counsel universal (reason against the laws of man
or God to resist imputed wrongs, and invoke
universal rapine and desolation for their redress!
Tliey teach the slave that his master is a tyrant
towards man and a traitor towards God; that
to escape from him, by fraud or force, by false-
hood, arson, murder, any means, is approved of
God and all good men. They teach non-slave-
holders to sympathize with fugitive slaves, to
: harbor them, to resist all who would arrest them,
to defend them as they would their household gods,
and to violate any law which conflicts with their
rescue. They present the slaveholder the alter-
■ native offered by the highwayman to his victim,
your property or your life. This dread prophecy
1 of Abolition in 1832 has already become dire
reality, as the loyal blood of Kennedy, Gorsuch,
and Batcheldor "attests. And, what is more
appalling than death to the brave men of the
land of Daniel Boone) and as horrible to their
chaste daughters as dishonor, they proclaim, as
a necessary incident or consequence of emanci-
pation., the elevation of blacks to perfect equality
with whites and a race of absorption between
them ! What could be expected but enmity, dis-
sension, and bloodshed between contiguous States
with populations so antagonistic in sentiments
and principles as Massachusetts Abolitionists and
Missouri slaveholders ? Yet Massachusetts has
, endeavored to make Kansas a seminary in which
to plant all the abolition ideas I have enumerated,
well knowing that such evils as domestic strife,
fraternal bloodshed, and perhaps civil war, would
be produced. And the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Collamkr,] professing to be a man of peace,
and to look forward with joyous hope to that
millennial period when nations shall no longer
go to war, says in his report, in substance, that
these evils would possiMy ensue, but that Mas-
sachusetts did right! And those, other men of
peace, the Senators from Massachusetts, [Mr.
StmKER,] and New York, [Mr. Seward,] say
well done by Massachusetts, and well spoken by
the author of the report. And the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] contemplating
I the impending strife in Kansas, but protesting
! he is not a man of war, avows that he has" (some-
times wished that God in his Providence would
let it come !"
When I hear such inflammatory speeches from
those standing here as guardians of that Consti-
tution which was designed to insure domestic
tranquillity, and who, by virtue of their senatorial
office, have acquired an influence which all their
talents combined would scarce impart to a private
citizen, I am reminded of the priest who set fire
to the temple with the flame he had stolen from
the altar. Sir, the madness of the times has dis-
played no more frantic exhibition than we have
witnessed on this floor. Divested of all the drapery
of rhetoric, the plain logic of the champions of
Black or Red Republicanism in Kansas is this: the
natural and necessary results of the colonization
of Kansas with Abolitionists are domestic vio-
lence and civil war; but these are lesser evils than
slavery; therefore, let them come! The simple
solution of the issue between pro-slavery and
anti-slavery men in Kansas, which they all anti-
cipate with complacency, and the Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] with joy, is the
bloody arbitrament of battle, and the arguments
to boused are grape, canister, and cold steel.
I But Ins joy is not—
'' That proud joy which warriors feel
i In meeting i'oemen worthy of their steel
but the joy of one in conscious security from
danger, while looking out from his loophole of
retreat over fields of human carnage.
The attempt to justify the course of Massa-
chusetts in undertaking to control the destiny of
Kansas by precedents, or to reconcile it with her
obligations to her sister States, is not less insult-
ing than disingenuous. Those who cite the set-
tlement of the original colonies by England, or
the western wildernesses by the different States
, of our Union, know that they were not stimulated
by the inducements, the motives, the feelings, or
the objects which gave rise to the Massachusetts
movement towards Kansas. It was not to get
rid of a redundant population, to wrest a wilder-
ness from savages for the use of civilized men,
to open new fields of commerce, to increase the
defenses or add to the strength of our common
country, that Kansas was coveted. Immigration
I to that Territory was njatter of neither necessity
; nor choice. No, sir, deep-seated and rancorous
J hostility toward the South, or, if it be preferred,
to the slaveholders of the South, originated the
emigrant aid society. It was a demonstration of
hostility to the South more offensive and inex-
cusable than any former legislative action touch-
ing slavery by any northern State. Hitherto,
offensive legislation was intended to operate on
persons or things within their own limits, or, if
beyond them, through congressional acts. Such
were theirpersonal liberty bills, and their instruc-
tions to their Senators and Representatives to
vote against the admission of slaveholding States,
' and in favor of the abolishment of slavery in
| this District. This was the first effort to enact
j State laws, to operate extra-territorially against
slavery. It was the first'crusade against slavery,
initiated, organized, and prosecuted under the
auspices of a State. Congress in 1850 and 1854
had settled the doctrine of non-intervention, and
disclaimed the power of the Federal Government
to regulate the internal policy of the Territories,
or to mold their domestic institutions. But this
supreme power, disclaimed by Congress and de-
nied to belong to the general Government of all
the States, is arrogated by the single State of
Massachusetts. Incensed at the neutrality of
Congress, she has resolved to lay her own hand
upon slavery, and crush it out from Kansas. She
has attempted to legislate for Kansas and to gov-
ern it through the medium of a great moneyed
corporation, sitting in Boston.
Knowing that slavery to some extent existed
■ in that Territory, and that its proximity to Mis-
souri, and sameness of latitude, soil, climate,
and productions, tended to establish that institu-
tion—knowing that emigration proceeds mainly
in the same parallel of latitude, and that those in
. the Eastern States who might be induced by in-
1 terest, or driven by necessity to go West, would
follow the main body of emigrants, arid find
homes in the unbroken wilderness of Illinois and
j Iowa, of Minnesota or Nebraska.—those who
I controlled the legislation of Massachusetts, and
