498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
we both been here and voted, the result would
Have been precisely the same. I need not say
to you, sir, nor to the members of the House,
that, no member more" strenuously opposed your
election than I did; and I need not add, m this
connection, that had I been present, and at liberty
to vote on that occasion, I should have voted for
Mr. Aiken, of South Carolina, for whom I have
always entertained the kindest personal feelings,
and with whom it has been my pleasure to act,
politically, during the time I have served with
him in Congress.
. Mr. RICHARDSON (by unanimous consent
of the House) said: I desire to submit a few re-
marks to the House upon the,same point to which
lhe gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Craige]
has just spoken. Like him, in certain portions
of the country comments have been made upon
the fact that my name did not appear upon the
record of the final vote for Speaker of this House.
It is known here that I had paired off with Mr.
JEmrie, of Ohio. He had voted steadily for you,
Mr. Speaker, for some weeks before I paired off
with him. If both of us had voted, the result |
would have been the same—he \xould have voted j
for you, and X for Mr. Aikek; and I need not j
say that, if I had been entitled to vote, I should
have voted with great pleasure for my friend, i
Governor Aikek, of South Carolina.
Mr. Speaker, I need not say to you, nor need
I say to this House, that I was opposed to your i
election—not-upon any personal grounds; for be-
tween you and me there is no reason why I should |
have any personal objection; but it was upon
political grounds. Xt was upon the ground that I
did not believe thatyourelecuon would contribute
so much to tighten the bonds which bind these
States together, as would the election of my friend
from South Carolina, [Mr. Aiken.]
it is well known to the House, sir, that, from
the first moment of the struggle to the close of
the contest, I was opposed to your election. And,
sir, if X had reasons for that opposition then, they
are, doubly strengthened now. I know that, if my
friend from South Carolina had been placed in
that chair, tlife section of the country fi urn which
I come—the fifteen States west of the Alleghany
mountains—would have had some Representatives
upon the Committee on Naval Affairs; that, in the
danger which is now impending over us, some j
voice would in that committee be heard m favor
of increasing the Navy till our guns could pro-
tect our commerce, and take care of our interests
in every ocean upon the globe. There would
have been from those fifteen States more than
one voice upon the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
to urge, by all honorable means, the settlement
of all difficulties between this country and Great
Britain; but if our difficulties cannot be honor-
ably settled, if war must be, then there will bo
a million of soldiers ready to pour out their heart's j
blood to defend our honor, our rights, and our
soil beneath tin: flag of our whole country.
Mr. XIUGHSTON. Mr. Speaker, 1 rise to a
question of privilege. My attention has been
called to the matterby the gentleman from North
Carolina, and 1 thank hnn for having (lone so.
The SX'EAKER. If there is 110 objection the
gentleman will proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. I-IUGHSTON. On the 95th of January,
as I publicly announced to the House at the time,
having learned that there was violent sickness in
my family, I made an arrangement with the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Craige] to pair
oft with him until the 9th of February ensuing.
Mr. Craige had uniformly voted for the Demo-
cratic nominee for the Speakership, and I had
as constantly cast my vote, after Mr. Campbell's
withdrawal, for the gentleman who now fills the
chair. We paired off on all questions, and neither
of us voted until the time fixed had elapsed. 1
had perfect confidence in Mr. Craige's integrity;
I suppose he had like confidence in mine. No
harm was done to either side. The Democratic
party, to which he belonged, was not harmed by
his absence; nor was the Republican party, the
principles of which X professed, in thy least injured
by my absence.
Many of the correspondents of New York
papers have published that 1 was absent without
giving any sort of explanation. X am not under
any obligations to those gentlemen who have been
careful to state my absence without at the same
time stating the reason for it, which was publicly
announced in this House.
LEGISLATIVE ACTS OF KANSAS.
Mr. GROW. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill of which previous
notice has been given.
Mr. LETCHER. Read for information.
The title of the bill was read, and is in these
terms;
A bill to annul certain acts of the Legislative
Assembly of Kansas, and to secure to the people
of said Territory their rights and privileges.
Mr. LETCHER and others objected.
MILITARY ACADEMY IN THE MISSISSIPPI
VALLEY.
Mr. THORINGTON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution of inquiry:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be, and
they are hereby* instructed to inquire into the expediency
and propriety or establishing a United States Military Acad
cmy and school of practice in the valley of the upper Mis-
sissippi, ill which there shall also be professorships ot mining,
agricultural and mechanical engineeung, and to report by
bill or otherwise : Thai saul committee repoit to tins House
whethfr Roek Island, m the Mississippi river, between Da-
venport, Iowa, and Rock Island, Illinois, is not peculiarly
fitted for the site of said institution, and whether it ought
not to be set apart for that purpose, and sucll legislation had
as will accomplish the objcct of the first resolution.
Mr. SAVAGE. I will say to the gentleman
from Iowa that, if he will make his resolution
general in its terms, and not confine the inquiry
to the fitness of the upper Mississippi, but that
the committee shall report on the propriety of
establishing a military academy in the valley of
the Mississippi, I shall interpose no objection;
but while it is confined to the upper Mississippi,
and to aparticular island in the Mississippi, I must
object. If the modification suggested be adopted,
the gentleman will find it will be well supported.
Mr. THORINGTON. I accept the modifica-
tion which the gentleman has indicated.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the res-
olution as modified.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Rcsolred, That the Committee on Military Affairs be,
and they are hereby, instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency and propucty of establishing a United States nnli-
taiy iieademy and sehool of practice m tile valley of the
Mississippi, in wlneli there shall also be piofessoitlups of
minim;, aitiieultural. and mechanical engineering ; and to
leport by bill oi otherwise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not object to
the resolution as it now stands, but I will say that
I am opposed to the whole system of military
academies. I will vote for the establishment of
no new ones, and will cheerfully vote for the abo-
lition of the one which we now have.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
adopted.
INTRODUCTION OP A BILL.
Mr. "BARKSDALE, by unanimous consent,
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
with the following title:
A bill to confirm and authorize certain sales of
public lands in Mississippi and Alabama; which
was read a first and second lime, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
CLERK TO THE MILITARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. QUITMAN. I rise, Mr. Speaker, to have
made, by unanimous consent, a modification of
the resolution which, on my motion, was adopted
the other day, and which authorized the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to employ a clerk.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. If the gentleman
will yield, I will withdraw the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopted,
so the gentleman's modification may be made by
unanimous consent. [Cries of No!"]
Mr. QUITMAN. I understand that on Thurs-
day last, when I had left the Hall, the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] moved a reconsider-
ation, under the impression that the clerk would,
under the resolution, receive a compensation larger
than was intended,and, U was thought, a.ny con-
struction would allow him to receive. If 1 have
the unanimous consent of the House, and the
motion to reconsider, as has been proposed, be
withdrawn,! shall then modify the resolution, so
as to obviate any objection of the character men-
tioned. The resolution, as it now reads, is as
follows:
"'Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be,
and they are hereby, authouzed to employ a clerk, at the
same compensation allowed him at the last session of Con-
gress,"
Mymodificationis,thatthe same per diem com-
pensation be allowed him as was allowed at the
last session.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the resolution can be mod-
ified by unanimous consent, that is one thing;
if not, then I do not wish the motion to recon-
sider withdrawn. I think the resolution may be
construed as my friend has stated. The better
plan, in my opinion, is to say in those resolu-
tions for the employment of clerks what the per
diem compensation shall be, and not to use the
words "usual compensation," or " that was re-
ceived at the last session of Congress." We
should resolve that the clerk shall have a com-
pensation of four dollars per day for the time he
is employed.
Mr. GlUITMAN. I have no objection to the
modification being as suggested by the gentleman
from Alabama.
The SPEAKER. Is, there any objection to
the proposition ?
Mr. STEPHENS. The proper course is, for
the motion to reconsider to prevail. Otherwise ,
we shall have two resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman wished the
withdrawal of the motion to reconsider, in order
that unanimous consent might effect the proposed
modification. The Chair prefers to put the ques-
tion on the motion to reconsider.
The question was taken; and the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. GlUITMAN. To accomplish the object
which I have in view, I offer the following, as a
substitute for the resolution before us:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
authouzed to employ a clerk, at a compensation of four
dollais per diem during his service.
Mr. HOUSTON. Nobody can object to that.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. X propose to amend
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi is still upon the floor.
Mr. QUITMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I want to address an
i inquiry to the Chair, for the benefit of the House:
I want to know, if the demand for the previous
question is not sustained, whether it will not be
competent to move to amend the resolution, so as
to give a clerk to all the committees of the House
which had clerks at the last session, and at the
same per diem rate of compensation?
Mr. JONFIS, of Tennessee. I raise a question
of order. This resolution originally came in by
unanimous consent, and the Chair has heretofore
decided that it could not be amended by inserting
another committee.
The SPEAKER. It was introduced by unani-
mous consent, and the Chair is of opinion that it
is not. in order to incumber the resolution by the
appointment of clerks for other committees.
Mr. MARSHALL. The Chair will remember
that it was perfectly in order to move to recon-
sider, and that it did not require unanimous con-
sent to make that privileged motion.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is open to
amendment, within certain limits, if the House
does not sustain the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for tellers on the
second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Flagler,
and Fuller of Maine, appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 59, noes 43; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that there be a call
of the House; and upon it I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 56, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Baiksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Billin liurst, llingham, Eoyce, Bianch, John P.
Campbell, Carhlc, Cox, Crawford, Cuinback, Denver,
how dell. Dunn, Elliott, Etheridge, Faulkner, Greenwood,
Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Hanison, Hick-
man, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, J.
Glaucy Jones, Letcher, Lumpkin, tfdinucl S. Marshall,
Sm.th Miller, Millson, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai
Oliver, Oir, Paine, Phelps, Quitman, Richardson, Hultin,
