2098
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
ending the 30th of June, 1857, reported it without
amendment.
Mr STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill (S. No. 451) for the exten-
sion of the preemption privilege in the Territories
of Kansas and Nebraska, and for other purposes;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H .R. No. 123) to continue
the land offices at Vincennes, Indiana, and to as-
certain and adjust the titles to certain landsin the
States of Indiana and Illinois, formerly included
within the Vincennes land district, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 63) to authorize and direct the settle-
ment of the account of the State of Missouri for
money advanced for the subsistence and trans-
portation of volunteers, recommends that the
Senate concur in the amendment, which was to
strike out the provision allowing interest.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the following
House bills, reported them without amendment:
An act (No. 196) for the relief of Antoine Ro-
bedeau;
An act (No. 282) for the relief of Edmund
Mitchell;
An act (No. 359) increasing the pension of
George W. Torrence;
An act (No. 368) for the relief of Ursula E.
Cobb, widow of Charles Cobb;
An act (No. 37o) for the relief of John Con-
nolly, lateaprivate in company A, sixth infantry,
United States Army;
An act (No. 377) for the relief of Abner Dick-
son, a soldier in the war of 1812;
An act (No. 468) increasing the pension of
Daniel Waldo, of Onondnga county, New York;
and
An act (No. 472) for the relief of Lewis Hem-
bert.
Mr. DURK.EE, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Ramsey & Carmick, sub-
mitted a report, which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 203) for the relief of Mrs. Agatha O'Brien,
widow of Brevet Major J. P. J. O'Brien, late of
the United States Army, recommend that the
Senate reject the amendment, as it would destroy
the bill.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. JjRODTIEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred a bill communi-
cated to the Senate by the Court of Claims, on tho
28 th of July, for the relief of Henry and Frederick
W. Meyer, merchants of the city of New York,
with the opinion of the court, reported the bill
without amendment, and submitted a report;
which was ordered to be printed.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill from the Court of Claims,
for the relief of James Beatty's personal repre-
sentative, with the opinion of the court, reported
the bill without amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 336) for the relief of John Rogers, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill (S. No. 78) to provide for the satisfaction of
Choctaw reservations, under the nineteenth arti-
cle of the treaty of Dancing Rabbit creek, of
September, 1830; which was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary,to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
402) to provide for holding the courts of the
United States in the State of California, in case
of sickness or disability of the judges of the dis- '
tnct courts, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Coram ittce on
Private Land Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 224) authorizing the legal repre-
sentatives of Manuel Gonzales Moro to enter cer-
tain lands in Missouri, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 260) for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Thomas Gordon, deceased, reported
it without amendment.
bill introduced.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and'by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
454) to confirm the title of Benjamin E. Edwards
to a certain tract of land in the Territory of New
Mexico; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented papers relating to
the claim of Benjamin E. Edwards; which were
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
papers "withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr, JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That Pierre Menard and Louis Vallejo have
leave to withdraw their petition and papeis.
On motion of Mr. MASON", it was
Ordered, That the claim of the legal representatives of
James Le Cassc, surviving partner of Le Caze & Mallet, be
referied to the Court of Claims.
On motion ofMr.BELL, of Tennessee, it was
Ordered, That the adverse report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, on the petition of J. P. Milton, be recommit-
ted to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
J. V. DOOLEY.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be allowed and paid fo J. F. Dooloy
the vum of jtflUO per annum, m addition to the amount now
received by him, making in the whole #1,200 per annum.
IOWA SENATORSHIP.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask the Senate to
take up the protest of the Senate of Iowa, in rela-
tion to the election of my colleague, and refer it
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not see how we are to
report upon it at this session.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I do not ask the com-
mittee to report on it at once.
Mr. BA\ARD. Then I have no objection.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire tp have a division
on that question, and have the vote first put on
taking up the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be on taking up the papers referred to.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 usk that their consideration
be made the special order for twelve o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not care what the Sen-
ate may do between twelve and one o'clock; but
I hope it will not be in the way of the appropri-
ation bills at one o'clock.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to know whether the
motion of the Senator from Iowa is to consider
the question, and pass upon it to-morrow, or
merely to determine upon the reference to-mor-
row? I do not suppose the subject ought to be
disposed of without reference to the. Committee
on the Judiciary; but it is now too late in the
session for them to act upon it with the present
pressure of business upon us in the Senate. I
dp not know what the object of making it a spe-
cial order is.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. 1 only ask to have it
referred.
Mr. BAYARD* I am speaking of the Sen-
ator's colleague, [Mr. Harlan-.] 1 desire to know
whether his object is to have the question dis-
posed of by the Senate to-morrow, without any
action of the committee, or to have it referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary? If the Senator
from Iowa desires to have the question disposed
of to-morrow, of course, as it is a matter involv-
ing his personal interests, I shall not oppose that
course, though I think it more regular to refer it
to a committee. 1 will follow his wishes in that
respect.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, my object in
asking that this subject may be made the special
order for to-morrow is, that I may be enabled to
present all the papers and statutory provisions
of the State of Iowa, which will bear upon the
final settlement of this question. It has been
raised without any consultation with me, and
with but a few minutes' notice, and 1 am not now
prepared with all the papers and books which I
desire. I wish time to collect them, and present
them in connection with the protest of the Senate
of Iowa.
Mr. BAYARD. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Iowa, that that can be done without
making it a special order for to-morrow Of
course the committee would not act without hear-
ing all the Senator had to say, and all the papers
he wished to communicate.
Mr. SEWARD. Allow me to suggest that
the consideration of the motion of reference be
postponed until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock,and
be made the special order for that time, when the
honorable Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] can
submit what papers he desires to present.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to that.
Mr. RTJTLER. That course is perfectly un-
necessary. I suppose it was my duty, if I had
been in the Chamber at the time when the papers
were placed upon file, to ask for their reference.
That seems to be the general impression; but I
do not like to interfere with such matters. The
gentleman from Iowa can present his papers at
the next session, and have them referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. I take it for grant-
ed that the case will be considered at the next
session. It cannot be considered at this session.
Mr. FOOT. I desire to suggest that this is a
question of privilege, involving the right of a
member to a seat here; and as a question of priv-
ilege it takes precedence of all ordinary questions
in this body; therefore it takes no higher posi-
tion and no greater precedence by making it the
special order, than it already has as a question
of privilege under the parliamentary law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore The Chair so
understands. Does the Senator from Iowa insist
upon his motion ?
Mr. HARLAN. I do.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to postpone this subject until to-morrow, and
make it the special order for twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEE BUSINESS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I present, and ask for the
immediate consideration of a resolution similar
to that passed two years ago, which will relieve
all the committees of the Senate of the unnecessa-
ry trouble of making reports on matters not passed
upon. It is to continue the business to the next
session in the same state in which it will be when
we adjourn:
Resolved, That all subjects before the Senate, at the close
of the present session, including those before committees,
shall be continued to the next session, and shall be pio-
ceoded with in the same manner as if no adjournment of
the Senate had taken place; and the papers which have
been referred to the committees, and may be in their posses-
sion at tno clos-e of the bus^ion, &lntll be letuined in foi mally
to the Secretary, and by him restored to the committees,
when appointed at the next session.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
pages' extra compensation.
Mr. STUART submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund of
the Senate, to each of the pages in the service of the Sen-
ate, the usual compensation allowed them at the close of
the session, after deducting therefiom the amount they may
have received under the joint resolution, appioved July
20,1634. '
WEIGHTS AND MEASURES.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous consent
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be request-
ed to communicate to the Senate in December next, a ie~
port lrom the superintendent of weights and measures,
showing the number and kind of standaids and of bal-
ance* made and distubutPd to States and custom-houses,
and the legislation of the different States in relation to the
standard weights and measures.
COMMERCIAL STATISTICS.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to report upon the expediency of printing, in quarto form,
five tiiousand copies of the message of the President to the
House of Representatives on commeicial statistics, with the
accompanying documents, for the use of the Senate.
