1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1225
!
frp fjf f ];\\v? Is it 1)Ot OUT duty tO do it,?
Are you afraid ? What is it you fear ?
If you will send this bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, where it
may be amended, I will agree to sit m committee
until all the amendments are offered, and the bill
is perfected. But, sir, I protest against the pas-
sage of this bill half made up as it is, when we
know it is to be subject to judicial construction,
and with the knowledge on your part that the
judges and commissioners of elections who are
to execute it, differ ill their opinion as to the true
construction of the existing law.
Let us have the firmness, the manliness, to say
what we intend shall be the law, and let us not
send it down to these commissioners with a peni-
tentiary penalty hanging over them if they do
not give the construction which you know the
judges will give, but which it would seem you
have not the firmness to pronounce here.
Sir, let the country see exactly where you in-
tend to make your mark.
Gentlemen 011 the other side will understand
that I am not surprised at the course they are
pursuing. I have always understood their views;
but I had supposed that the views of this side of
the House were more conservative of the rights of
thc^piive citizen, and moronearly coincided with
the views of the great mass of the American peo-
ple upon the questions connected with suffrage.
It is well known that in this approaching election,
should tins bill pass as provided, you will admit
every foreigner who has been naturalized and
you will exclude from suffrage two hundred and
Sfty American young men, at least, who ha%e
arrived at the'age of twenty-one years since
December.
Is that the reason why the bill should pass'
Is that the reason it is to be gagged through this
House? It is well known that you have hundreds
and thousands of men—foreigners—employed 011
the public works. These may have made their
declaration of intention to become American citi-
zens. Do you propose to naturalize and vote
them at this election, while by the same law you
exclude America's young sons? It is perfectly
well understood that this Administration takes an
interest in this election. It is perfectly well un-
derstood they tolce an interest in it, because they
regard it as the opening fire of the presidential
campaign. It is perfectly understood that public
employes are dismissed from their employment
whenever they are suspected of having any sym-
pathy with the American party.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will allow me, I understood him to defy !
the production of a statute in which a crime was ;
constituted by the single expression "knowingly j
refuse."
Mr. MARSHALL. If the gentleman has a :
statement to make, I would suggest that he has
better make it after I have done. The gentleman
understood me correctly; and if has a statement '
to make 111 replv, he can make it hereafter.
Mr. TAYLOR. I have the statutes of Louis- ;
iana, from which I will read if the gentleman will
allow me..
Mr. MARSHALL. After I have done.
Mr. TAYLOR. The gentleman was mistaken
in stating that ■
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I think
there rail be 110 question between the gentleman
from Louisiana and myself as to who is now en-
titled 10 the floor. When interrupted, I was about
to say that this House should act deliberately—
the Administration has acted deliberately. It is
no new thing1 that this Administration should
enter into the city elections of Washington. It en-
tered into thorn last year, and it removed officers.
I have in my mind's eye at least one who had
been a sound Democrat, but who was removed
from his place because nf his supposed intention
in rota tor the American candidate for mayor of the
city of Washington. Jfot that he had done the deed,
but (t uas suspected that he thoughtjhe Ameri-
can candidate ought to be elected. "When the air
«>ot this rumor, and it was borne to the white
Housi—wlvm the suspicion rested on him that
such was the cause, he addressed the President
of the United States on the subject, and possibly
argued against the propriety ot the national Ex-
ecutive taking part m the municipal elections ot
this city. Read* of Departments interfered in
hio fa\or, but, Air. Speaker, they v. ere imaelc to
save him from political execution. He had com-
mitted an unpardonable sin in daring to sympa-
thize with Americans, and for that, and that only,
he suffered. When the Administration finds it
convenient or proper to descend into these muni-
cipal elections of the city of Washington—when
the President thinks it becoming his high posi-
tion to make the manner in which a man casts
his vote for alderman or mayor a sufficient reason
for his removal from subordinate offices in the
Departments, it is high time that the legislators
of the United States should attempt to give the
subject their attention also, and that they should j
be particular in fixing the verbiage of the law so ■
as to leave nothing loose for judicial construction. :
But, Mr. Speaker, I did not rise to indulge in |
party debate. I do not want to say anything ;
calculated to arouse party animosities.
Mr. STANTON. I want to know by what
law it is that a young; man residing in this city
is excluded from voting for six months after he
is of age ?
Mr. MARSHALL. It is by reason of the
charter.
The bill ought not to pass in its present shape.
What is to be the effect of the bill ? That you
will have the municipal election of this city de-
cided by the men who can be naturalized between
now and the first of June. You take them in by
the hundred, and exclude your own people. Let
us retrace the siep by which this bill was ordered
to be read a third time. Let us go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union and
there perfect the bill as it should be. Let us act
on it not only as if we were statesmen, but as if
■ we were American legislators attempting to pass
i a proper law to guard and protect the punty of
; the ballot-box. If }*ou overcome me in such an
! encounter I shall have no oomplaint to make. Give
i me an opportunity to present my amendments
land my views. Othets desire to present their
! views. In conclusion, I say if you pi efer to take
' such a bill as this, do it; but take, also, the rc-
1 sponsibihty.
1 Mr. JO.\F,S,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man allow me to correct him? He is undoubtedly
in error as to the law, and I wish to show how
the error arises. The law regulating the qualifi-
cation of voters in the city of Washington re-
quires all persons, before thcy*«shall, vote to be
assessed with a school tax, and a mnn cannot be
assessed with a school tax until he is of the age
of twenty-one years. Unless, therefore, he was
twenty-one years of age on the 31st of Decem-
ber, there is no time at which he can be assessed
prior to the election, which occurs in June; and
consequently, if he becomes of age between De-
i cembcr and June, he is excluded from voting.
| Mr. JONES. I am willing to concedc that under
i the laws of Congress; and we wished to correct
i it here, but so many gentlemen upon the other
! side objected to it, that we had to drop that part
i of the bill. I will say to him also that no poll tax,
I or school tax, is assessed upon any man in this
District, unless he is a citizen of the United States.
i The second section of the act of 1S4S provides,
;: that'' said corporation shall have power to lay and
;i collect a school tax upon eveiy free white male
II citizen of the age of twenty-one years and up-
wards, of one dollar per annum.
:| Then he must not only bo twenty-one years
of age on the 31st of December preceding, but ho
j! must be a citizen at the time the tax is levied for
[j the year preceding the election at which he votes,
J and consequently, he is not taxed until he is a
11 citizen. He must be taxed, and he must have paid
j! a tax for the year ending the 31st December pre-
:: ccding the election at which he proposes to vote.
[J Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I would ask the
;■ gentleman where he gets that version of the law?
;; Air. JONES. I get that fact from gentlemen
'i who live in this city. They have informed me
" that they do not impose a school tax, or a poll
tax, upon any but citizens.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the information is erro-
1 ncous. I think the words of the law are, " any
1 resident.5'
li Mr. JONES. I will not consume the time of
the House longer in this discussion. I move to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
' Mr. If. MARSHALL. Upon that motion I
of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
will say to the gentleman from Kentucky, that I
1 have no fear about responsibility in tm;j case.
! The qualification for a voter in this Disuict, and !j demand the yeas and nays.
i m the State I have the honor in part to represent, j Mr. DAVIS. I wish to discuss this subject,
| is, that he shall be a free white man, twenty-one j and I hope the honorable gentleman will withdraw
i years of age, a citizen of the United States, and : his motion.
la bona fide citizen of the place where he is to ij Mr. JONES. The gentleman from Kentucky
I vote; whether he may have been born in this or ]: has discussed this matter for nearly an hour
iin another land.
I I will say to the gentlemen that there is in this j
| bill nothing under vail, or_ that is covered up. j
i I am aware that the commissioners of election
I for this citv have decided that a naturalized citi-
i zen must bV twelve months a resident before he
while I have occupied not over ten minutes, I be-
lieve. I cannot withdraw the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 64, nays 76; as fol-
lows:
1 can vote—tw< Ive months, and that, too, when he || yEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison, Barks-
- has been endowed, under the Constitution and |j dale, Bell, Bi!Iinjrhur>t, Bii^, Bocoek, Bowie, Branch,
the laws of the country, with all the rights and
privileges of a citizen. In my opinion that is a
wronv decision, and the court that will correct it,
Uliie, itcti,    - 7 - --
B ronton, Biooks, Burnett, (,'adwaladcr, Uiiiijmdn, Jlowrll
Cobb, Williamson II. W (Jooh, Davjil-on, IJonvcr, Dow-
doll. Edmumkoil, English, Faulkner, FIokmicc, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Guiding*, (ioode, Greenwood, Grow, Valentine
** tbeVntlemai. will not allow the corroctton to ,
shall. Matron. Maxwell, McCarty, MeMulim, Meacham,
1 Suntil IVIillrM, 'Million, Muir.iv, Andrew Oliver, Peck,
i' Phelps Ruffin. riamuel A. Smith, Stephens, btcwart. j al~
! hott Tay'oi, Warner, Ii-rnel Was-hbuin, W atkm , Wells,
William-,, Daniel B VTnsrlit. and John V. Wright—64.
1 iVAVS—Messrs. Ball, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham,
TSiadshaw. Broom. Btiffiiiton. "Burling,une. James, II. Camp-
bell.
; cidik,
DnvjTimothy.......  , - - T.
: Evans, Foster, UcnryM Fuller, Gilbert, Grangci, lUuan,
j J. Moiu.-on Ham?, Harmon. Haven, Ho.Iowaj, Tlioinaa
K. Dorton, Kcnnett, Kimr, Knapp, (vmsrht, Humphrey Mar-
' <hi\] K'lhau Miller, MomlJ, Fame, Paikei, Pennington,
he made here, will be entitled to the gratitude of
American freemen everywhere m the Union.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will quote a statute of Kentucky against
the assertion of my colleague.
Mr. JONES. Not now. I do not intend to
detain the House for any great length of time.
,. The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. H. Mar-
shall] says that under the present law a native-
Ij born citizen has to reside here six months after
l! his majority before he can vote; while a foreigner,
ij naturalized on the day of the election, can comc
I, to the ballot-box,and exercise this high preroga-
|l tive, this birth-right, this great privilege, and lu-
ll alienable right of every freeman, of every Ameri-
I] oan_ihc right to vote. There is no such law, as
ij I understand the matter, in force in this District.
1| There js no law here which gives one man the
■I right to vote sooner than another after the pos-
i! session of citi/.cnship.
ij The qualification of voters, as I und^rstand^t,
!: as prescribed by act of Congress, is that any free
jj white male citizen of the United States, twenty-
i j one years of age, and who has been a certain
i length of time a resident of this city, may vote,
&'cT Another condition is, that he shall hove
\ been rated in a school tax tor the year ending the
31st of December preceding the election at which
lie propose to vote.
BiacHiaw. Broom.Buffiritoii. Burhngame. JamcbII. ( amp-
bell. John I\ Campbell, Lewh D. Campbell. 1 aihlc, Lzra
ClJik, dawson, Colfax, Cullen. Ouiriluck. Ilciuy VV inter
Dan Titnnthv Pfivts, PiH:«on, Duriee, Ldwards, En«tis,
■ William R- .   . - •
! Tbotington, Thurston. Todd, iiatton, Irippo, \\ akeman,
Walbrulge, VVal'iron, Walker, Welch, Wlntney, Wood-
, ruff, and Woodwoith—76.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CRAGIN stated that he had paired off oil
; the pending question with Mr. Nichols. *
Mr. KELLY stated that, his colleague, Mr.
"Wheeler, had paired oil'with Mr. Knox, and
that had they been present, Mr. "WnEELCR^wouid
have voted for the bill, and Mr. Knox against it.
Mr. ROBISOX seated that, had he been withm
the bar ot the time his name was called, he wouid.
h.,1,e vited m the negative.
