1226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
After the result of the vote had been announced,
Mr. MEACHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. CUNG-MAN. If the gentleman from
Vermont will yield, I will move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. MEACHAM. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House ad-
journs now, will this bill come upin the morning;?
The SPEAKER. The first business in the
morning, will be the motion to reconsider.
Mr. Clingman's motion was then agreed to.
The House accordingly (at three o'clock and
forty-five minutes) adjourned until to-morrow, at
twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, May 15, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel "Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Ohio in favor of the passage of a law by
Congress for the construction of a railroad to the
Pacific occan; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Ohio in
favor of appropriations for improving the harbors
on the northern lakes; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Ohio
instructing their Senators and requesting their
Representatives to vote for the repeal of the fugi-
tive slave law; which was refened to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
James Dunlop, for a subscription to a Digest of
the Laws of the United States, now in preparation
by him, and recently published; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, opposed to the
further extension of Wood worth's patent for a
planing machine; winch was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Oiliec.
Mr. BIGLEIl presented the petition of John
Hughs, a seaman in the Navy in the last war
with Great Britain, playing to be allowed a pen-
sion for a wound received in battle; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of Sarah
S. Hine, widow of E. Curtis lliue, late a lieuten-
ant in the United States revenue cutter service,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STUAUT presented a petition of citi-
zens of Essex, Michigan, praying for the estab-
lishment uf a mail unite between Gaulmei's
Corners and Maple Rapids, m that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Ojfficc
and Post Roads.
Mr. PCJGH presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Ohio, in favor of the adoption of meas-
ures for the removal of obstructions at the falls
of the Ohio river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, and ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
latiue of Ohio, in favor of the passage of a Jaw
granting to the soldiers of the war of 1810, and
other wars in which the United States were en-
gaged, the same pensions as are granted to the
soldiers of the revolutionary war, their widows
and orphans; winch was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of John
Nugent, praying to be allowed a pension on
account of disability incurred while m the naval
service of the United States; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. COLL A.MER pfesented a memorial of
citizens of Vermont, remonstrating against the
further extension of Wood worth's patent for a
planing machine; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BELL, of Tonne ssce, it was
OrJeicJ. That tho memorial of Nathan Toivson, for him-
self and oilier members of v{ Tow-sou's Arulhny," in Jie
war of 1c: 1/2, on Uic 111''--; of the Senate, be icxened to tho
Committee on Naval Attains.
On motion of Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers of Robert P.
Currin. on the files* of the Senate, be referred to the Court
of Claims.
On motion of Mr. CASS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Bronson, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. CASS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John G. Watmough, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Pt-nsons.
MAP OF CENTRAL AMERICA.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and referred to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That the Superintendent of Public Printing be
directed to cause the map of Central America, in sheets,
printed under a late order of the Senate, to be cased in such
form as may preserve it, provided that the cost shall not
exceed twelve and a half cents a copy.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
311) to revive and continue in force the provis-
ions of the act of 1853, in relation to " suspended
entries of public lands," and the act of 1846, in
relation to " suspended preemption land claims,"
reported it without amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George M. Gordon,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 312) to vest the title to certain warrants for
land in George M.Gordon; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of Adam D. Steuart, and the memorial of Alex-
ander Randall, executor of Daniel Randall, sub-
nutted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
313,) for the relief of Adam D. Steuart and
Alexander Randall, executor of Daniel Randall;
I which was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
RAILROADS IN FLORIDA AND ALABAMA.
Mr. MALLORY. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
323) granting public lands m alternate sections to
the States of Florida and Alabama, to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said States,
i have directed me to report it back without amend-
ment. I ask the Senate to do me the favor to
take up the bill for consideration at once. I have
before mo the estimates and statements on which
it was passed by the House of Representatives,
and they can bo read for the satisfaction of any
Senator who desires to hear them. I will say,
in explanation, that two bills have been passed
by the Senate heretofore, embodying the same
lines of road now presented. 1 ask that the bill
may be acted on at once.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the bill as m Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be read.
Mr. YULEE. I presume it is not necessary
to read this bill, as it is in the usual form.
Several Senators insisted on the reading of
the bill, and it was read.
The railroads in Florida for which it provides
arc from the St. John's river, at Jacksonville, to
the waters of Escambia Bay, at or near Pensa-
cola, and l'roni Amelia Island to the waters of
Tampa Bay, with a branch to Cedar Key, on the
Gulf of Mexico; and also a railroad fioru Pensa-
cola to the Alabama State line, in the direction
of Montgomery. It is proposed to grant alter-
nate sections of public lands to the extent of
six sections in width on each side of the roads;
and if the alternate sections have been taken up
| by prior claims, the land may be selected within
fifteen miles. The reserved sections are to be
j held by the Government at double the minimum
1 price, and the lands granted arc to be conveyed
to the State of Florida in parcels of one hundred
and twenty sections as fast as twenty miles of
each road shall be constructed. The bill proposes
j to make a similar grant to Alabama, to aid in the
j construction of a railroad from Montgomery to
; the boundary line of Florida, to conncct with the
i road from Pensacola.
I The bill was reported to the Senate without
j amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
1 third time, and passed.
WIDOW OF GENERAL JONES.
Mr. HALE. I ask the Senate to do me the
favor to take up and pass this morning a bill
which has twice unanimously passed this body,
and has now been reported, for the fifth time
unanimously by the proper committee. I allude
to the bill (S. No. 302) for the relief of the widow
of Adjutant General Roger Jones. It is to pay
her a small amount now due.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill as in
Committee of the Whole. Its object is to au-
thorize the settlement of the accounts of the late
General Jones, so as to allow him the emoluments
of his commission as Adjutant General from the
time of the reduction of the Army in 1821 to
March 7,1825, when he was restored to his rank
in the staff, first deducting the amount which he
received during the same time as captain of artil-
^C1T*
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and it was read a third time, and
passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, AssistantClerk,announc^that
the Speaker of the House had signed the Wow-
ing enrolled bill; which thereupon received the
signature of the President pro tempore:
An act making a grant of land to the State of
Iowa in alternate sections to aid in the construc-
tion of certain railroads in said State.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. This is the second
day on which the bill reported by the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and the resolutions of the hon-
orable Senators from Georgia, have been made
the special order, with a view that the honorable
Senator from Florida, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, might address the Senate
upon them. I move that the Senate procced now
to the consideration of that special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The first question before
the Senate will be on the resolutions of the Sena-
tor from Georgia, [Mr. Iverson,] in regard to the
appointment of a select committee to investigate
the proceedings of the naval board.
Mr. MALLORY. I understood that these reso-
lutions would be withdrawn, and that the colleague
of the Senator from Georgia would present a sub-
stitute for them.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am authorized to withdraw
the resolutions of my colleague, and to offer the
bill which I have submitted informally as a sub-
! stitute for tho bill of the committee.
The PRESIDENT. There are several resolu-
tions upon this subject, together with the bill
reported by the Committee on Naval Affairs, all
included in the special order.
Mr. MALLORY. I shall not address the Sen-
ate upon the subject of raising a special committee
at all, and I shall consider the resolution for that
purpose as entirely withdrawn.
Mr. TOOMBS. It may be considered as with-
drawn. I was requested by my colleague to
withdraw it.
Mr. MALLORY proceeded to address the
Senate at length, in reply to the various Senators
who have spoken in opposition to the action of
the late naval retiring board. He spoke for two
hours, when he was interrupted by the appear-
ance of Mr. Webster, the Secretary of the Pres-
ident, with a message from the President of the
United States.
Mr. WELLER. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Florida, I will move that the further
consideration of the subject on which he is speak-
ing be postponed until to-morrow, at half past
twelve o'clock. My object in making this motion
is, that the message which has just been received
from the President of the United States in regard
to affairs in Central Amcnca, may be read.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Can we not conclude
this subject to day ?
Mr. WELLER. I take it for granted that the
Senator from Florida cannot get through to-day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I object to the post-
ponement, unless the speaker prefers it.
Mr. WELLER. It is a question for the ma-
jority to decide whether this subject shall be
postponed or not. I make the motion with the
