THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
tsseiess-, and it occurs to mo, when I hear a gentle-
-tftan Bring in that argument in support of such a
proposition, that lie must be very hard pressed for
reasons to support it. If the basis upon which
the gentleman from Kentucky founds his propo-
sition be unsound, then I say it should fall. He
jgays all the committees should be allowed clerks
which have been allowed them heretofore. At
the last Congress the Committee of Elections did
not have a clerk, yet I am satisfied that they
•fieed one now. Why? Because the amount of
important business upon their hands is such as to
require the services of a clerk. But suppose that
at the next Congress, or at the next session of
•this Congress, they should have no contested
elections before them, would they need a clerk
then? Yet, sir, the rule of the gentleman from
Kentucky would give them one. I say, there-
fore, that the basis upon which the gentleman
ibtinds his proposition is unsound. If that basis
fe'e the one upon which the House is to predicate
its legislation, the effect will be to let in all these
Itttle side requests for small appropriations, for
small offices, and everything of that sort, xipon
the plea that they are of too small consequence to
take u)3the time of the House in resisting; and
■fre shall find that all these little matters will
amount to something hereafter, if they are not
resisted now.
*■ !As' far as the Committee on Territories are con-
cerned, I do not think they need a clerk. That
is my impression. They were, as I am informed,
allowed a clerk for thirty days at the last session
of Congress. They had important business be-
fore them then; but, so far, they have had noth-
ing before them this session that requires such
services. If their business increases to an ex-
tent that requires the services of a clerk here-
after, I shall certainly not oppose such a propo-
sition; but, at present, there is no nee a of a
clerk; and why make provision for one, when
the effect will be to set upon us a horde of men
who arc seeking for appointments to clerkships
and such small offices, at the hands of all who
have them to bestow? If for no other consider-
ation, I ask that the House will not make this
provision, but will keep off these men who are
seeking for office.
. Mr. STEPHENS again resumed the floor.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I ask the gentleman
from Georgia to yield me the floor for a minute.
I will not trespass upon his patience, or upon
that of the House, long; but I feci it to be a duty
which I owe to my country—and that is a duty
which is paramount to all other duties—to say a
word in reference to this matter. I have not a
word to say in reference to the other committees
embraced m the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky; I do not know their wants; but
when 1 .speak in relation to the affairs of my own
committee—the committee of which I have the
honor to be a member, through your appoint-
ment, Mr. Speaker—I speak what I do know.
In relation to the necessity there is for a clerk
to the Committee on Public Lands, I have to say,
that that committee has boon in existence ever
since the organization of the Government; yet, so
far as I know, there has been no instance of their
ever having the services of a clerk until the last
Congress; and I cou.d, perhaps, tell the House
the reason why we wanted a clerk then. It was
not strictly to transact the legitimate business of
the committee, but it seemed to some of us that
our committee was not of sufficient importance—
that our importance was not properly appreciated
by the country; and therefore it was important
that we should employ a man who should be able
to discharge the duty of attending to that busi-
ness— m short, who would puff us into notice.
Mr. LINDLEY. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Alabama a question.
Mr. COBB. I am'going on to state naked facts.
After I have made my statement, the gentleman
may ask me as many questions as he chooses.
I stated that, since the organization of the Gov-
ernment, the Committee on Public Lands had
never been allowed the services of a clerk until
the last Congress; and the services performed by
that officer even then, so far as my observation
extended, have failed to convince me of the ne-
cessity for his employment. He was under pay
from the time of his appointment to the adjourn-
ment of Congress; ana, so far as 1 know, he was
never employed, on an average, more than one
hour in a week. The duties required at his hands
did not require more than that amount of service.
It may be supposed, from the amount of business
referred to our committee, from the number of
reports made by us, and from the importance of
the interests committed to our charge, that we
have a large amount of clerical duties to perform.
Such is not the fact. Our clerk had but little to
do. He never did anything except to enter the
cases referred to particular members of the com-
mittee, and when they came back, to enter the
action of the committee upon them.
The information required from the various De-
partments is always obtained from the heads of
the Departments. The clerk had nothing to do
with it. We addressed letters to the heads of the
Departments from which we desired information,
and received the information from them in reply.
I repeat that a clerk will not be employed in the
discharge of the legitimate duties of our committee
on an average more than one hour in a week. It
may be that members need him to transact their
own private business; that is another matter. If
it is indispensably necessary that we should
ha\e kim. for that purpose, let us have him; but
foras a member of the Committee on Public
Lands, to which I have belonged for nine years,
I enter my protest. I have never seen any neces-
sity for the employment of such a person, nor do
I now see any such necessity. T say nothing as
to the wants of the other committees of the House.
So far as our committee is concerned, I am satis-
fied that they do not need a clerk; and I shall
therefore vote against the amendment if they are
to be included in it.
Mr. GIIOW. I ask the gentleman from Georgia
to allow me just one minute in reply to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr Houston,] in refer-
ence to the wants of the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope the gentleman will
confine himself to just one minute.
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Alabama
has alluded to the fact, that no request has come
from a majority of the Committee on Territo-
ries for the allowance of a clerk. Well, sir, the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. H. Marshall,] only makes provision for
the allowance of clerks to any of the committees
in case thov shall think them necessary. If a
majority of the Committee on Territories think a
clcik is not needed, of course he will not be ap-
pointed. This proposition merely makes provis-
ion for the appointment of clerks in the discretion
of the committees, to save the necessity of coming
here, it may be, every week with propositions for
them to be allowed.
Mr. STEPHENS. That is just what I was
going to say myself, in reply to the gentleman
From Alabama on my left, [Mr. Houston.] This
resolution is to authorize these committees to
employ clerks, if they shall deem it necessary.
And, now, 1 say to the House, that if they can
intrust all the interests which arc intrusted to the
hands of the Committee on Public Lands, involv-
ing millions upon millions, to report to us, cannot
we intrust to their discretion the simple matter
whether they shall employ the services of a clerk
at four dollars a day ? If we can intrust to the
charge of the Committee on the Judiciary matters
involving the impeachment of your judges and
the changes and validity of your laws, cannot we
repose in thum the small discretion of determining
whether they shall employ a clerk at four dollars
a day? And I say the same in regard to all the
other committees which are embraced in this res-
olution. The proposition simply proposes to
place it at the discretion of these committees to
employ clerks, if they shall deem them to be ne-
cessary. And as the gentleman from Virginia
remarked, the House spends more time and more
money in discussing these matters than clerks to
all the committees would cost.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. In regard to the
Committee on Public Lands, I wish to make this
statement: I have been instructed by that com-
mittee—every member present concurring except
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. CobbJ—to ask
that a clerk be allowed us. Not more than one
or two of the committees of this House need a
clerk more than the Committee on Public Lands.
As the proceedings have heretofore been kept,
perhaps they would only take an hour or two
1 each day, as the gentleman has suggested, to make
the entries of all applications, and of the name
of the member to wnom each is referred for con-
sideration; but if the proceedings were properly
kept—if regular and full memoranda of the pro-
ceedings of the committee were made, as they
should be, it would afford ample employmentfor
a clerk; and if the clerk does what he ought to do,
and what I am sure the business of the Public
Lands Committee will demand, as much of hia
time will be occupied as there is of any other
clerk to a committee.
One word further: I think the objection to the
employment of clerks for committees is anything
else than one prompted by a proper economy. It
is, I think, a mistaken kind of economy. It is
well known that, during the last Congress, the
Committee on Public Lands consumed nearly an
entire session in makingits reports. This is owing
mainly to a want of arrangement of the business
before it, and a clerk will not only save much
time and labor to the committee, but, in my judg-
ment, lead to a great saving of the time of this
House. There is a large amount of applications
made, and to be made to that committee; and al-
though a large part of them may, and I trust will
be, reported against, still the labor of acting on
them promptly and in order should be discharged.
Mr. STEPHENS. I presume the House fully
understands this matter. I do not wish any more
time consumed in its discussion. Time enough has
already been taken up by it—time enough to pay
for one or two more clerks than are asked for in
the resolution. I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the Chair decided the
motion of the gentleman from Kentucky to be in
order ?
The SPEAKER. The question has not been
raised.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that it was
raised.
The SPEAKER. It was raised by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] and after-
wards withdrawn. The question recurs on the
amendment of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Stephens.]
Mr. STEPHENS. Is not the question first
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. It is in order to
perfect the original proposition before the ques-
tion is taken on the substitute.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it not in order to raise
the question of order on the substitute proposed
by the gentleman from Kentucky at this time ?
The SPEAKER. It. is too late.
The question was taken on'Mr. Stephens's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the substitute.
Mr. JONES4 of Tennessee. Let the yeasand
nays be taken on agreeing to the resolution as
amended.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I withdraw the call
for the yeas and nays. I am for giving the Com-
mittee of Elections a clerk; but I cannot go for
a clerk to that committee if it is associated with
others which I know do not require a clerk.
[A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, Esq., his Private Secretary.]
Thequestion was taken on Mr. H. Marshall's
substitute, and it was adopted.
The question recurred on the resolution as
amended.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS — Aiken, Barbour, Henry Bennett, Ben-
soil, BiilmqhnrstrBmgham, Bliss, Biadshaw, Brenton, Bur-
Itngamo, James it. Campbell, L'ivvis D. Campbell, Caskie,
Chaffee, Ezra Clark, dawson, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Cui-
leu, Dean, Denver, Dick, Dodd, Dunn, Emne, Flagler,
Foster, Granger, Grow, Sampson W. Harris, Harrison,
Ilolloway, Thomas It. Horton, Howard, Hu^hston, Keisey,
Knapp, Knight, Knox, Kunkel, Lmdley, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Kilhari Miller, Moirill, Parker, Pelton, Pennington,
Peny, Porter, Purviance, Robbnis, Robert-:, Sabin, SewaVf
Sherman, Simmons, Stanton, Stephens, Stranahan, Swope,
Tlionngton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Ty-;nn, Vaif, Wade,
Wakeman, Elhhu B. Washbiune, Israel Washburn, Wil-
liams, Woodruff, and Woodworth—74.
NAYS—-Messrs. Hendley S. Bennett, Boyec, Branch,
Carlile, Williamson it. W. Cobb, Ciaige, Davidson, Day,
' Dowdell, Edmundson, Edwards, English, Etheridge, Faulk-
