1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2101
man of the Committee on Finance to say that
to-morrow he will interpose no objection to the
consideration of the Private Calendar?
Mr. HUNTER. I will interpose no objection
for two or three hours to-morrow, if the appro-
priation bill be disposed of to-day.
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom,their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed a number of enrolled biils.
The President pro tempore signed them as fol-
lows:
An act for the relief of Amos E. Baton, a com-
missary of subsistence in the United States Army;
An act for the relief of West Drinkwater and
others;
An act for the relief of Dempsoy Pittmanj
An act for the relief of Samuel Forrest;
An act for the relief of Joseph Smith;
An act granting a pension to Nathaniel Moth-
ershead, of Missouri;
An act increasing the pension of Albert Hart;
An act for the relief of Levi C. Harris;
An act for the relief of Betsey Whipple;
An act for restoring Joshua Mercer to the roll
of invalid pensioners;
An act to increase the pension of Alpheus T.
Palmer, late a lieutenant in the ninth regiment of
United States infantry;
An act to increase the pension of Amaziah
Goodwin, of the State of Maine;
An act granting a pension to Samuel B. Porter,
a soldier in the late war with Great Britain;
An act granting a pension to Morris Powers;
An act granting a pension to Mrs. Olivia W.
Camion, widow of Joseph S. Cannon, late a mid-
shipman of the United States Navy, now de-
ceased.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION DILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House insisted on their disagreement to the first
and third amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. o J89) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending 30th of June,
1857, and on th^r amendment to the second
amendment of the Senate: that the House agreed
to the conference asked by the Senate on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, and appointed
Mr. Phelps of Missouri, Mr. Benson of Maine,
and Mr. Stiianaiian of New York, the com-
mittee of conference on their part.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as m Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (H. II. No. 201) making appropri-
ations for certain civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857,
which was reported fiom the Committee on Fi-
nance, with amendments.
The first amendment of the committee was in
the appropriations for the coast survey, to strike
out the word " correct," and insert " connect;"
so that the clause will read:
For running a hue to connect the trmn«mlation on the
Atlantic coast witii that on the Gulf of Mexico, acio^s the
Flouda peninsula. -®1D,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That is a mere verbal amend-
ment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert, after the clause making an appropriation
for a building in Baltimore for the United States
courts:
And the Anther sum of POfi'i.OOO to enable the President
to purchase the lot and repair the building thereon, condi-
tionally p'uehased In him of the Merchant-3 Exchange Com-
pany for a post office, m the ^aid city of Baltimore.
Mr. PEARCE. This amendment is designed
to carry out the provisions of a law passed at the
last session. That law authorized the President
to select sites for a court-house and for a post
office, and to make contracts, if ho found any such
sites with suitable buildings on them, which con-
tracts, however, were to be conditional, and sub-
mitted to Congress for approval. The President
accordingly took considerable pains to execute
with judgment and fidelity the duty thus assigned
to him. lie went to the city of Baltimore, and
examined himself in person two proposed sites,
lie determined to select this site for a post office,
being the one in which the post office has been
kept for the last five years. It is known as the
Exchange Building.
The President contracted to purchase this
building, which was erected a number of years
since by a company of merchants of Baltimore,
at a very large expense—at a cost, I believe, of
about half a million of dollars. It is built in the
most substantial manner. This part of the build-
ing, which adjoins the custom-house, is intended
for the post office, and contains one of the finest
rotundas in the United States, making it the most
convenient placc imaginable for persons having
business with the post office, for the reccipt and
delivery of letters, or otherwise. It has every
convenience, also, for the access of the mails. I
believe the site to be entirely satisfactory to the
great mass of the people of Baltimore. I suppose
it would be impossible to select any site which
would be equally satisfactory to every one resid-
ing in the city. Somebody must be at a distance
from the post officc, and that somebody will de-
sire to have the post office brought a little nearer
to him.
This site is in the center of the business of the
city. It is near to the shipping; it adjoins the
custom-house; it is centrally situated as to the
city at large. I think, according to Poppleton's
map, it is as near to the center of the city as any
other point that could be selected. Besides, my
own opinion of that matter—and I have been long
familiar with the city of Baltimore, quite as fa-
miliar as one of my colleagues in the other House
who dissents from me in this particular—I have
the opinion of the First Branch of the City
Council, which was unanimously passed, res-
olutions approving the site, which, as they are
very short, I beg leave to read them:
"Mr. Kirk, from the committee of conference on the
post office location, submitted the following report and res-
olution, which were read:
The joint committcc of conference, upon the subject
of the location of the proposed new post office by the Gen-
eral Government, have had the same under consideration,
and beg leave to report, tliat by the act of Congress, the
subject of selecting a suitable site for a post office was
contided to the President of the United States, doubtless
m full confidence that he would perform the duty with
strict and lmpaitml regard to the public interests. Jtistrue,
Congress retained the right to appropriate, by subsequent
legislation, the money necessary to carry out the purpose
in view; but it cannot be supposed that they ever designed
to retain the power of annulling an act they had asked the
President to perform, and which, in the exercisc of his
honest judgment, he had performed. To refuse now an
appropriation upon any other than the piopnety of the ex-
pendituie itself, would be to wre«t the power of Congress,
intended to be exercised for a wholly different purpose,
fiom its legitimate object, and pervert it to the improper
one, of affivmg a stigma upon the President. If this be so,
and we believe the true object and purpose of the act, as
before stated, cannot be denied, then it would be unbecom-
ing the dignity of the councils to take any action tending
to produce incidentally and improperly an end which ought
to be attained directly, if at all.
" I5ut the committee further think that the subject ought
not to be moved in by the council upon another ground. In
any selection whatever, it is obviourdv impossible to please
everybody, and to any site there will always be found some
active and industrious opponents. Jt would, thnefore, be,
hazardous in the councils to pass ie-.oJutions, which must
be supposed to express the geneial sentiment of the com-
inuniiv, unle.ss they are assured by indisputable evidence
that <ueh ceucrnl sentiment exist*; the committee think
that pa«t events, with reference to the subject, do not show
Mieh a state ol public opinion. The post office has occupied
it* prebonf location toi ti\< ycat4-, wjthout the t-malJcMe.\-
pre-f.iori of dissatisfaction on the part of the public ; and it
is believed that it might have remained there tlnoughall
future time, with tieneial approbation, if the late act of
(Jousiosk had not presented ihe oppoitumtv of making rale
to the Government of some one of ihe various sites pre-
sented The foimci eeneial acquiescence on the part of
the public, and the present mdiiTeimcc manifested by our
em/.ens, would seem conclusively to indicate that the dis-
position of the subject had better'bc left unmterfered with
vvhei e the Iawha& placed it. They therefore think no action
should be taken hv the authouues of Baltimore, and they
theiefore ask the adoption of the following resolution:
11 SAMUEL KIRK,
"JOSHUA H. HY\TES,
"JOSEPH SIMMS,
'• i-V'tf Branch.
"F. E. B. HINTZE,
" Stcoiid Branch.
"Resolve# That the committee be discharged from the
fuither consideiation of the subject/'
These resolutions wero unanimously passed by
the First Branch of the City Council, which is the
popular branch. Counter resolutions were passed
lbv the other Branch, whether unanimously or not
I "do not know. They have seemed to contem-
plate the possibility of a very large appropriation
from Congress for the erection, in some other
place, of a new and magnificent building! to be
an ornament to the city. I talked with the Pres-
ident on the subject, and he said that his duty,
under the law, was to provide ample and sufficient
accommodations for the public, in a suitable loca-
tionjina building adapted to all its purposes, and
that he had no right to consider the question of
embellishing the city by an ornamental building.
T confess I could not see anything with which?"
to find fault in the declaration of the President.
This is a handsome building; it is a suitable
building, as I will show the Senate presently;
and I know no objection to it, except that which
seems to me to spring from the ordinary motives
of men who desire to have everything made a
little more convenient to themselves, without re-
gard to its general inconvenience. A memorial
was drawn up and left at the Exchange roomis,
and signed by something like one hundred and
forty of the very first firms in the city—such #nen
as Mr. John Hopkins, Messrs. Brune & Sons,
Birckhead & Co., William Wilson & Sons—men
who have a very large business correspondence,
and whose interests m the post office are <juite as
great as of any other equal number of citizens,
and probably much greater. I have received, also,
numerous letters from individuals well known
to me as business men—as men of integrity and
character, who all urge the adoption of this
measure.
I will not trouble the Senate for a long time*,
but there is one letter more which I desire to
read. I have heard it stated that this building
was dilapidated; I have heard it said it was in a
disreputable neighborhood. In regard to the latter
charge, allow me to say, it is scarcely^ stone's
throw from the residence of the late Kobert Gil-
mor; that the house of Mr. Robert Oliver was
less than a square's distance of it; and adjoining
to it had lived Mr. William Pinckney and Mr.
Chief Justice Taney for many years. Within a
short distance, on the other side of the street, lived
Mr. Purviance, late a judge of our county court—
a most respectable gentleman of affluence, and a
number of others that I might mention, who con-
stitute the very elite of our society. It is a rep-
utable, and not a disreputable neighborhood.
Now, in regard to the dilapidation, here is a letter
from two architects of established reputation, as
I well know.
Here Mr. P. read a* letter from Mr. Neilson,
the architect, in which, after describing the build-
ing, &c., he estimated the ground alone as worth
at least $150,000, being within $100,000 of the
whole sum to be appropriated; and states that the
buildings ai*e worth the whole amount proposed
to be paid.
I will not further consume the time of the Sen-
ate. I have stated that the measure has been
approved by the most popular Branch of the City
Council, and by a large number of the most emi-
nent and respectable jnerchants of the city of Bal-
timore. Here is the evidence of competent archi-
tects; and I know enough of the matter myself to
slate, that every word said by these persons is
true. I hope there will be no objection to making
the appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was a
verbal one, to strike out the word " building,"
and insert " buildings."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after the clause for
the marine hospital at Natchez., to insert:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to purchase for
the United States the lot in the rear of the marine hospital
at Mobile, Alabama, $6,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That is in pursuance of the
recommendation of the Secretary to enlarge the
lot.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was to insert, after the item just
. adopted:
j For completing the marine hospital at Cincinnati, Ohio,
: $86,000.
| Mr. HUNTER. That is the estimate. Origin-
ally, $50,000 were appropriated for the hospital
j and site. It required $36,000 for the site alone,
! and the Secretary said he could not complete the
1 hospital for a less amount than this.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next was to insert, after the last amend-
ment:
For improving Battery and Washington streets, and road-
