APPENDIX TO THE C^TGKESSIONMi OIOBE.
[April 29;
34th Ot>ng....l st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—^Mr. Bell.
SfiNATfc.
to hie capability for ttibh servicettfelve Or fifteen
years ago; but what opinions they would have
pronounced in 1855f Reasonable efficiency and
promptness is all that is required of officers gen-
erally. As to the greatest efficiency, thathas never
been made a question, and could not properly and
rationally be made one.
But the honorable Senator from Deftrtvare,
instead of marching up and grappling with what
was the real question before the bosird in 1855,
contented hitnself by stating Lieutenant Matrrjr's
condition as it was prior to 1844, and evaded any
notice whatever of the omission of the board to
examine, as was their duty, into the physical
ability of Lieutenant Maury in 1855v though
Lieutenant Mriury and half a dozen naval sur-
geons were in the city while the board was in
Session. .
To supply this manifest deficiency mi the chain
Of evidence required to make out a case of disa-
bility in 1855, the honorable Senator thought it
sufficient to advance the theory, that the infirmity
or disability produced by the injuries received
in 1839 would necessarily be increased by age.
Well, sir, why was no examination instituted to
verify this theory in its application to die case
of Lieutenant Maury ? Why, sir, Lieutenant
Maury bad not attained the age of fifty yeara.
He is yet in the very prime of life, and no symp-
toms remain of His former disability, except that
he limps slightly.
The honorable Senator frdm Florida, as well
as the Senator from Delaware, compear to hate
eonvineed thernselvafe that it would not do to rest
tlie vindication of the board upon the ground of
the disability, however complete, wider which
Lieutenant Maury labored some twelve or fifteen
years ago. And what-ne*t-did they do to fortify
that position, not being able to stand on that
alone ? Why, Siiydestfetklde—ihnrufser of profes-
sionaiexercises-^-to use technical tends. Lieuten-
ant Maury has not been to sea, says the honorable'
Senator front Florida, for sixteen years. In order
te make -that statement exactly correct, he had to
include the interval from the time of the finding
of the board, in 1855, arid the 4th or 6th of Jan-
uary, 1856. My friend from Delaware stated that
it was twerity-one years since Lieutenant MaUry
had his "jacket wet" on board a man of war.
Admit the fact aB stated, that Lieutenant
Maury bad performed no sea service for a period
of sixteen years, he has been employed during
fourteen years out Of the sixteen under the au-
thority and orders of the Navy Department, and
most usefully and honorably for the benefit of
the country; but that w neither here nor there.
The question, they say, is efficiency; and he has
been so long absent from tea* that he cannot be
presumed to be capable of performing sea duty
efficiently, should ne be ordered on such service.
That is the argument.
How does that argument consist with the find-
ings of the board in relation to several other offi-
cers-of the Navy, tnany of whom have been con-
tinued on the active'list Who have performed less
sea doty, in proportion to their whole term of
service, than lieutenant Maury, and one Of
whom who entered the service about the same
time, and did less sea duty, has been actually
promoted over his head. , But, says my friefrd
from Delaware, Lieutenant MaUry has performed
no service on board a man of war, for twenty-one
years past; and how is this* made to appear
The statement contradicts the Register which I
have befote tae. Why, says the hohorableSen-
ator, Lieutenant Mauiy was employed, during a
portion Of the time for which he has credit for
doing flea service, on board a icheontr iti thei
rttxn-ue service. How the honorable Setkator
from Delaware*got his information on thi* point
1 do not know.- It is not usual for him to be
mistaken so greatly in point Of fact. I am author-
ised by Lieutenant Maury to say, that he never
was a day in the revenue service; hfe never served
on board a schooner belonging to the revenue
service, nor haa he ever been in any service except
the naval service of the United States. During
a metmll part of his nine years and eight months
service at star,-and before he was placed on special
service at Washington, he was employed in sur-
veying duties on board a vetsel belonging to the
naval service.
But it seems that the honorable Senator from
Delaware does not Consider such employment
at sea as proper to be set down to the account of
professional experience in the case of Lieutenant
Maury. If that be the true sense of the subject,
then one of the officers of the Navy, who has been
named by the Senator from Delaware apparently '
by way of invidious comparison with Lieutenant [
Maury, had had no practice in the proper duties of ,
his office at sea for a period of twenty-four years
before the sitting of the board in 1855; and if the
time he was employed in surveying duties is 1
not to be considered as evidence of his efficiency
for sea duty of a different description, he could
not claim to possess even as high qualifications
aw Lieutenant Maury; yet he was retained on the
active list by the finding of the board. Then it
i* manifest that the honorable Senators from
Florida and Delaware are groping in the dark, ,
when they suppose that they have discovered the >
true grounds on which the board proceeded in ;
retiring Lieutenant Maury. It is scarcely credi- :
ble that the board could have supposed that such
a man as Lieutenant Maury could have lost the
knowledge of his profession acquired in nearly
ten years of active service at sea, whatever may
have beeh the interval between the date of his
last service at sea and the finding of the board;
bat if he was retired upon that ground, then I
should like to be informed tipon what ground the
board can be vindicated from the charge of par-
tiality and favoritism in adopting one rule of
decision in hid case, and a different one in respect
to others ?
But it is clear, from the course of the argument
of the honOrable Senators, that they have not felt
any confidence in the sufficiency of either of the
causes they have assigned to justify the finding
of the board in the case of Lieutenant IV^aury—
the disability proved to have existed sixteen years
•agO.and his lone-absence from sea service under
the orderaof the Department. They appear,- how-
ever, to have supposed that, by combining the
two together, and bringing in other circumstances,
they might eke out some sort Of defense; but not
feeling the fullest assurance upon that point, thej*
then come forward with another charge. They !
say that Lieutenant Maury has shunned sea '
service; that he had selected service on shore,
and has turned his back on the sea. This charge j
was made by my friend from Florida on the day :
Lieutenant Maury's memorial was presented to ;
the Senate. The statement„waS, that Lieutenant
Maury had been relieved, from, orders to sea, .on
{ his own application, first in 1837, again in 1838,
| in 1840, and in 1841; but the Senator gave no ex-
planation of the attendant circumstances.
My friend from Florida took me by surprise !
in making this statement. I was not able to an- j
swer a charge so seriously affecting Lieutenant
Maury's standing. I had not been advised by
him, ng had he ever dreamed, that he was obnox-
ious to any such imputation as that of having
shunned the performance of sea service; and it &o
happened, on a subsequent day, when this charge j
was repeated by the senator from Florida, and [
when I was fully prepared to have refuted suc-
cessfully any inference from the facts stated Dy
the Senator from Florida, inconsistent with the
most perfect devotion of Lieutenant Maury to
the duties of his profession, that I did not get the l
floor. i
Now, sir, what is the true state of the facta i
upon which my friend from Florida was *ed to a
conclusion so disreputable to the professional ]
standing of Lieutenant Maurv ? In 1837 he did
apply for a furlough to attend some private busi-,
ness, and by the Department it was readily con-
ceded to him; but at the end of three.months, or ;
a little' more, from the receipt of this furlough, he
applied for active service, and was thereupon !
attached to th.e exploring expedition then being
fitted out under the command of Commodore
Jones. Lieutenant Maury was then, I believe,
the junior lieutenant Of the Navy, and a position
was assigned him inferior only to that of the com-
mand—that of astronomer and hydrographer. In
1838 Commodore Jones was detached from the
command of that expedition, and Lieutenant
Wilkes was put in charge of it.
Lieutenant Wilkes, it was understood, wished
to reorganize the expedition; and Lieutenant
Maury, with a highly proper sense of delicacy,
asked to be detached from that service; but on
the very day that he was relieved from service in
that expedition, he applied for orders to sea; and
to show that I am not mistaken I will .read his
letter to the Department in which he made thia
request:
Lieutenant ttaiiry to the Secretary of thk Navy,
Joke 9, 1838.
Sir: I acknowledge the receipt of yours of yesterday, by
which I am relieved from all duty connected with'the ex-
: ptoring expedition. -
■ Be pleased to consider me an applicant for active service.
I I would prefer duty connected with hydrographical sur-
veys.
If the Department have no such duty to assign, I request
1 orders to sea, .,
Respectfully yours, be., M.P.MAURY.
Well, sir, Lieutenant Maury was thereupon
assigned to the duty of making surveys of south-
ern harbors. This is the answer to the charge
| that Lieutenant Maury turned his back upon the
1 sea in 1838.
It is urged that Lieutenant Maurywas relieved
| from orders to sea again in 1840. The charge is
true; but how unjust to make such a charge with-
out any explanation of the circumstances, under
which he was so relieved. But a few months pre-
viously Lieutenant Maury had received those se-r
vere injuries which have been so much commented
upon. He had so far recovered as to be able to
accomplish his journey to New York, where the
i vessel was fitting out which he was ordered to
1 join, but having to be carried on a litter from
Ohio across the Alleghany mountains in the dead
of winter, the vessel had sailed before his arrival,
! and he could then only walk with the aid of two
crutches.
In 1841, Lieutenant Maury flattered himself
' that he was able to perform sea duty, but fearing
that the intervention of his family and feieaas
: might defeat his application, went from his resi-.
dence at Fredericksburg, in Virginia, to Rich-
mond, and addressed a letter to the Department
from that point, a copy of which, with the leave
of the Senate, I will read: «
Lientcintnt Mtturtf to the StertUety of the tftrii), .
RichMOkd, (vtronm,) June 10,1841<
8ib: Notwithstanding my erippied condition, J think i
: should t>e able to perform any of the lighter duties at set,
which do not cafl for imich bodily exercise, as of flag lieu
' tenant, fot instance, to which Office rn the. pacific squads
roil Commodore T. Ap C. Jones haa fignifleda desire that
i I should be appointed.
That duty, or any other elsewhere, to which I an able,
and with which the Department may see fit to intrust me,
shall be undertaken with pleasure.
; • Respectfully, &c.
The Secretary of the Navy promptly responded
to the application of Lieutenant Maury in thia
letter, by ordering him on the service he desired;
1 but Judge Lomax, a distinguished ornament bf
the bench of Virginia, together with three of the
most eminent physicians of Fredericksburg, hear-
ing from some source that Lieutenant Maury had
made application for sea service, without His
knowledge addressed the Department a tetter,
remonstrating in strong terms against the pro-
priety of yielding to Lieutenant Maury's appK-
cation. I have a copy of that letter in my hands,
which, together with the correspondence which
ensued between the Secretary of the Navy and
Lieutenant Maury, which I propose to react:
Judge Lomax to the Secretary of the Navy.
Fredericksburg, November 11,1841,
Dear Sir : I, with other friejjds of our worthy, townsjnin,
Lieutenant M. P. Mauiy, feel much apprehension of per-
manent, if not fatal evils, which he may possibly suffer if
his seal for the service shouM be indulged by tbe. Navjb
Department in ordering him to join the Pacific squadron
which is shortly to .sail. We, w^io see and know the bodily
infirmity which he is stfll suffering, from a severe fracture
of his thigh, abbut two or three years ago, believe thai ha i«
utterly incompetent to any duty requiring ai y consider*bte
bodily exemion, and such will. doubtless be his duty in the
contemplated cruise. I inclose to you a certificate of the
best physicians in this place in regard to Lieutenant Maury
condition. Lieutenant Maury has  o idea of this officious
voluntary interference ! am now making in his concertwN
and K is extremely probable that, if it were knojvn to him,
it Would receive his utter disapprobation, as tending to con-
travene his own wishes and to disappoint his zeal for the
performance of his public duty. I have taken the liberty
to bring this subject to your notice, in order that I may save
a friend from dangers that may prove most calamitous to
himself and ftmily, and to preserve to the country the ser-
vices, in some other s&tioft or upon some Other occasion,
of a most valuable officer.
I would be glad, if convenient, that some communication
