2102
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
way O. P. around the custom-house, at San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, $>13,401 30.
Mr. HUNTER. These are certain improve-
ments recommended by Major- Towers, who is
the superintendent there. Herecommended rather
more than this; but he said it was indispensable
to do this much, and the committee adopted the
^amount named in the clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, of the committee was to
strike out the following proviso attached to the
appropriation of $300,000 for continuing the New
Orleans custom-house:
Provided, That it shall not be lawful, after tho loth day
of November, in ttuj year 1856, for any officer in commis-
sion in the military service of the United States to have
charge of, or to be employed as assistant superintendent, or
architect in the construction of the building for which this
appropriation is made ; nor for any other custom-house, or
marine hospital, mint, post-office, court-house, Capitol
extension, or other public buildings, exccpt such as pertain
to the military defend of the United States : And provided
further, That from and after the said 15th day of November,
1856, the general supervision of the construction of the
Capitol and,Post Office extensions shall be transferred from
the Secretary of Wdr to the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. PEA.RCE. I regretvery much the intro-
duction of this provision into tfte bill, and I trust
the Senate will not assent to it. I can see no
motive for withdrawing from the superintendence
of great Government structures a body of offi-
cers who are, generally speaking, exceedingly
well qualified to conduct such operations. We
know how admirably they are educated at "West
Point. We know that those who graduate high-
est are familiar with engineering. It is their
proficiency in that branch of education, as in
others, which gives them their position. In the
Eursuit of their profession as engineers, they
ecome practically familiar with works of con-
struction. They are accustomed to the enforce-
ment of rule, of order, of economy in the super-
intendence of such operations. The Government
has already their services for the annual pay
which they receive, according to*the commissions
they hold. What reason can be given why an
officer who has exerted himself to the utmost in
the severest school of study and discipline that
we know of, who has become accomplished in
whatever pertains to the direction of works of
this sort, should be displaced to give way to a civil
architect or builder—we know not whom—gene-
rally, however, a political appointee, and often, as
we have had experience enough in this very case
to know, a very improper one? Why should we
incur what must be admitted to be a needless ex-
pense unless some valid reason can be given for the
proposed exclusion of the corps? Who does not
recollect that, in 1852, and 1853, there were great
clamors about the mariner in which the extension
of the Capitol was going on? Who does not
know there were loud complaints about the solid-
ity of the sub-structure? It was even said that
it would tumble down before it was entirely up—
that it would not last half the ordinary time of
great buildings. It was, to furnish a new figure
of specch, " rising to ruins," as was once said of
another Government edifice,which, however, still
stands. Committees and members of Congress
themselves, assisted by architects and builders,
went to work upon the walls with crow-bars and
picks, to sou if they had been properly laid. The
architect was required to put larger stones on
them and make various alterations, in order to
give solidity to the structure. This was under
one of the civil superintendents — a gentleman
appointed, too, upon the recommendation of the
President of the United States, Mr. Fillmore, and,
no doubt, with entire confidence in his capacity
and fidelity. We know what clamors there were
not only about the want of solidity of the struc-
ture, which seemed to be a very great point with
Congress, but about infidelities in contracts. We
know that the superintendent was charged with
being tainted with corruption in contracts; that
he was charged with levying black mail, taking
receipts for one sum when he paid out another;
and. wc know that, under these circumstances, he
resigned his office and quit the work.
It was to guard against that very state of things
that the superintendence of an officer of engineers
was introduced. We have had no complaint as
to solidity since then; but, on the contrary, the
great complaint now made m the House of Rep-
resentatives is, that it is too solid. Well, sir,
this is a great building-—the greatest in this
country—which is to represent the magnificence
of the nation; which was intended also to be
(what I am very glad to say we are reminded of
in a recent letter of the Secretary of War, because
it has a significance which is agreeable to me) a
type of the perpetuity of the Union; and now
the complaint is, that it is erected with too great
solidity—with superfluous strength, under the
superintendence of an officer of engineers.
Sir, there can scarcely be such a thing as too
great solidity. The Capitol of a great nation like <
this ought to be of the utmost solidity which is
attainable. It ought not only to be solid, but mag-
nificent, so that it should in every respect corre-
spond with the greatness of the nation, with the
liberality of the people, and with the wealth of
the people. There is no nation on the face of
the earth, if you consider the diffusion of wealth
among them, to be compared with our own; not
one that is so prosperous, and individually
comfortable and thrifty as the people of this
country. The money which is to be expended
in this work is not to be wrung from the hard
and small earnings of sordid, because down-
trodden poverty. It is not in this way our rev-
enues are furnished. They are yielded out of
the superabundance of the millions of this coun-
try, and out of that overflowing revenue which
seems to pour spontaneously into the coffers of
Government, so easily is it collected, and so little
does any one feel his contributions. Such a
building as this ought to be solid, and it is so.
Since this civil superintendency ceased, we have
had no complaint of solidity, and no whisper of
black mail being levied, or of contracts being
tainted with corruption. The honest and vigilant
superintendence which we have secured by the
change is perhaps the real cause of the new
charges now made; for individuals who have
been turned out of the service, and justly turned
out, as I suppose, are understood to be here, in-
spiring gentlemen with a distrust of the officer
of engineers now in charge of those buildings.
They have put into the minds of members mis-
taken ideas m regard to specific operations. I
must beg the Senate to have patience with me
while 1 mention a few of the errors into which
members either of this or of the other House
have fallen, as I believe, under the influence of
interested misrepresentation.
The officer of engineers who is charged with
the construction of the extension of the Capitol,
is also charged with the construction of the aque-
duct, and I have seen two very grave, specific
charges made against him, for which there is not
a particle of foundation. For example, I saw it
stated in the speech of an honorable member of
the other House, that Captain Meigs had esti-
mated for the earth-work of the aqueduct at ten
cents a cubic yard. That is a mistake entirely,
lie estimated for it at twenty cents a cubic yard,
with one fifth added for contingencies, which
makes twenty-four cents in all. He made two
contracts, one of which was eighteen cents the
cubic yard, for what is called the graduation, cut-
ting down, and filling up, and twenty-five cents
for digging the culvert pits, a more laborious op-
eration. The average of the two is under his
estimate, and so it was with the other contract;
and yet we have been gravely told that his esti-
mate was ten cents a cubic yard; and it has been
supposed that he made that estimate while know-
ing in advance that the expenditure would be
vastly greater. There is enough in this statement
to throw that allegation to the winds.
Then it was said ins estimate for brick-work
was twelve dollars a thousand, including the price
of the brick, while the actual cost of the same
was fifty-seven doilars a thousand—another most
egregious mistake. The estimate was fourteen
dollars, with one fifth added for maigin, making
a total of §1G 80. The actual cost of the brick-
work is about seventeen dollars per thousand,
a very small difference between the estimate and
the real cost. The earth-work and brick-work
make up almost the whole of the construction of
an aqueduct. Here, in these two important
items, we find at once the mistake which has
been made by gentlemen, who are urging the
charge of false, or, at least, very erroneous esti-
mates, which I have shown to be total mistakes.
So, too, in regard to the construction of-the
Capitol. When Captain Meigs was detailed by
the Secretary of War to superintend the con-
struction of this edifice—Congress entertaining
great distrust as to the insufficient manner in
which the work had been executed under a civil-
ian, whether an engineer, or mere builder, I do
not know, but I suppose the latter—he found that
the ashlar work was only nine inches deep. He
thought this entirely too -shallow for a great
building like this, as I have no doubt it was, in
view of the permanent solidity which Congress
seemed so earnestly to desire. He determined
that it should be at Jeast eighteen inches thick,
and with the approbation of the Executive having
control of the matter, and after submission to
Congress, and by their explicit sanction, the proper
change was made. That, it has been said, has
greatly increased the expense. -No doubt it has
increased the expense; but in a question of econ-
omy we are not to consider the mere cheapness
of what we have done. The very cheapest article
in price may, in the result of the outlay, be the
most extravagant; because it may be utterly
worthless, and the money paid for it will thus be
thrown away. Economy consists in using the
proper materials adapted to the desired end, and
paying only a fair and reasonable componsation
for them. That purpose Captain Meigs has
accomplished. He made the ashlar work thicker,
to be sure; but the increased expense is not large
comparatively. The windows occupy a consid-
erable space—the pilasters, also—and the ashlar
work fills up the intervals between them. So
that the increase of expense in this case, is by
no means in proportion to the exterior walls.
Two very grave charges are made against the
superintendent on other grounds which I desire
to notice. One is the expenditure for statuary on
the pediment of the Capitol. We must bear m
mind all along that this was intended to be a great
building. It was so intended when the construc-
tion of the old Capitol was authorized in the time
of General Washington. The commissioners of
the building at that day were compelled to write
to Europe to procure the services of competent
artists. In their letter, I think to one of the offi-
cials of Paris, they state that it was the design of
the Government to erect a great building, and that
we had not artists in this country to execute the
ornamental portions, and they therefore asked to
have such engagedfor this purpose in France.
Capelano, Causici, and Geveiot, and others,
came over accordingly. We paid their expenses
m coming and salaries while here, for I think they
made no contract by the job, but were paid in
proportion to time. We agreed also to pay their
expenses back, and did pay their expenses back,
though some of them thought proper, after getting
the money, to remain with us, very wisely per-
haps. There was no special authority given by
Congress for the execution of statuary, but this
was under the general provision for the building
to which it is as almost as necessary as the other
ornamental sculpture. Gentlemen who go into
the rotunda will seethe relievos executed by Cap-
elano, Causici, and Geveiot, of William Penn,
and Boone, andSnuth. All these were executed
under the general authority for the construction
of this edifice, as a necessary part of that orna-
mcnation which is inseparable from a design of
the sort. No competent architect would dream
of putting up a building of this magnitude and
for its purpose, without having such ornaments,
which are considered to be indispensable to the
general style of such works. There was no spe-
cial appropriation or authority of Congress for
them. They were put up as a part of a general
design. We have such figures on the tympanum
ol the Capitol over the eastern portico, which
were put there in John Glumcy Adams's time by
Persico.
The superintendent very properly thought,
under these circumstances, it was a part of the
general design to put up statuary on the pediment
of the Capitol, and he is charged with great ex-
travagance in that. What has he done ? He has
contracted to expend $46,000 on the pediment
of the north wing of the Capitol for statuary;
| and what does he get for this—because you must
| always come back to that when you consider
| the economy of the thing ? He gets twelve
: statues executed by an American artist — and
■ one of the best living, Crawford — of the most
! exquisitely beautiful style, and, so far as we can
| judge from such of them as are finished, of ad-
f mirable execution. Now, is that extravagance ?"
