502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
versy about the bill, and I hope it will be con-
sidered now. If the Senate shall disagree as to
the number of vessels, it may be well to allow it
to lie over for investigation as to that point; but
the Secretary of the Navy, whose communication
I have'now before me, concurs in the opinion ot
the committee, that the number should be ten
sloops instead of seven. I ask for the considera-
tion of the bill now.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent.
"Mr. HUNTER. I hope we may be allowed
some time to consider this bill. It is a very im-
portant one.
Mr. MALLOEY. As there is objection to its
consideration now, I give notice that I shall ask
that the bill be considered at one o'clock on
Monday next.
ARSENAL IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States he re-
quested to uil'oimthe Senate on which of the public grounds
in the city of Washington ho selected the site for a building
to be used for the preservation of the ordnance, arms, &c.,
of the United States, under the act approved March 3,185a;
and especially if said site has been selected on the Mall,
and it* so, on what part of it.
PAY OF SURVEYORS OF CUSTOMS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire mto the justice and propriety of increasing the
compensation of the surveyors ot the customs for the ports
of Galena, Illinois, and Dubuque, Iowa.
ARRIVALS OP PASSENGERS IN THE UNITED
STATES.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to consider the expediency ot amending the act of 2d March,
1819, entitled " An act regulating passenger slnps and ves-
sels," so as to secure completeness in the annual leluins
to the Department of State of passenger* arriving in the
United Stales ; and especially so as to require returns ot
those arriving by land', as well as those arriving by sea.
IMPROVEMENT OF HARBORS IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. DODGE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Rccietarv of War be requested to
inform tile Senate what amount of the appropriations,
made by the act of August ao, 1852, for the improvement of
the harbors of Manitowoc, Sheboygan, itacme, Milwaukee
and Kenosha} m the State of Wisconsin, has been expended
in theimpiovement of each of said haibors ; and, also, the
amount of those appropriations remaining unexpended and
applicable to said improvement.
POST ROUTE IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN" submitted the following 1
resolution; winch was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Tost Roads be nMiucled to mqiino into the expediency of
establishing, by law. a post route fiom St. Chariot, at flic
county of Arkansa-, by way of Dp Witt, to Brownsville, m
Prairie county, 111 the Suite ot* Arkansas, and leport by bill
or otheiwi&e.
EXPLORATION BY CAPTAIN MARCY.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to the Senate a copy of the
reporf, with the maps, of an exploration of the Big Witch-
itaw, and the head wateis of the Bra/.os nveis, made hy
Captain R. B. IVlarcy, of the United states Army, while
engaged m locating lands for the Indians of Texas in the
year 1854.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing he instructed
to inquire into the expediency of purchasing, for the use of
Senate, copies of a Manual of the Laws of the United
States, 011 the subject of naturalization, passengers, and
passenger ships, laws of the several States in relation to
emigrants," &c., compiled by II. D. Johnson and W. C.
Keddal, of the State Department.
LIPPINCOTT's GAZETTEER.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Seward, for
the purchase of seventy copies of Lippincott's
Gazetteer of the World, for the use of the Senate,
was, on his motion, referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.
CHARGES AGAINST NAVAL OFFICERS. ®
The following resolution, submitted by Mr.
Houston on Thursday last, was, on his motion,
taken from the table and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to furnish, as soon as practicable, to the Senate, all reports,
complaints, allegations, charges, and specifications of
charges preferred against Commodore G. J. Pendergrast,
especially if any made by Lieutenant William May, when
said Pendergrast was in command of the United States
steamship Saranac, on the Home station; and to inform tile
Senate what action was had thereon by the Department,
and if no action was had, the reason therefor.
And that the Secretary of the Navy be further requested
to inform the Senate of all complaints, charges, allegations,
reports, and specifications of charges made against said
G. J. Pendergrast, S. F. Du Pont, John S. Misroom, Sylva-
nus Godon, and others, when serving as lieutenants when
on board the United States ship Ohio, under the command
of Commodore Isaac Hull, in or about the years 1838,1839,
1840, and 1841. And further, the Secretary of the Navy is
requested to inform the Senate whether these and other
charges, reports, and allegations, with the correspondence
of the Navy Department thereon, against said Pendergrast
and the aforesaid officers, were investigated by the naval
retiring board assembled m June and July last, under an act
of Congress approved February 28, 1855.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to establish an ad-
ditional term of the circuit court of the United
States for the eastern district of Arkansas, and
to provide for appeals from thc;district court of
the western district of Arkansas in criminal cases.
Mr. BIGLER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
completion of the piers at Reedy Island, in the
river Delaware.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
authorize the selection of the residue of the lands
granted by the act of Congress of September 20,
1850, June 10,1852, and February 9, 1853; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD, in pursuance, of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to amend an act entitled " An act to establish
a court for the investigation of claims against the
United States," approved February 24, 1855;
which was read twice by its title, ana referred to
the Committee oil Claims.
Mr. BIGLKR, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtai nod leave to introduce a bill making
an appropriation for continuing the improvement
of the li.ubor of Eric, in the State of Pennsylva-
nia; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
CHANGE OF NAMES OF VESSELS.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now ask the Senate to take up
and consider Senate bill No. 106, reported by the
Committee on Commerce, " authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to change the names of
vessels in certain cases." Its object is to do away
with the necessity of special legislation in every
case of this nature.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
the second time,and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to empower the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to authorize the owner or
owners of any vessel to change her name when,
in Ins opinion, there shall be sufficient cause for
so doing; and tt gives him power to establish such
rules and regulations as he may deem proper for
lhat purpose.
Mr. I1AMLIN. The phraseology of the bill
would be improved by striking out the word
" empowered," and inserting the word " author-
ized" in its place. 1 move that it be amended in
that way.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I also move to strike out the
word " authorize" where it occurs in the bill, and
insert " permit."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, and was read the third
time and passed.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS,
Mr. HAMLIN, t ask the Senate to take up
the bill reported by the Committee on Commerce
to establish the collection districts of the United
States and designating the ports of entry and the
ports of delivery in the same. I do not ask to
have it considered at this time; I wish to have it
taken up merely for the purpose of fixing a time
when the Senate will cotisider it.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. HAMLIN. I now desire to say to the
Senate, that this is a bill which simply defines
the limits of the existing collection districts in
the United States. It will be found that, since the
original act of 1796 I think,but I forget the pre-
cise date, by which the collection districts were
established along our coast, many districts have
been divided; many new districts have been
formed; and it has been ascertained, upon accu-
rate investigation at the Department, that there
are great sections of the country over which the
limits of no district extend, in which towns of
importance are growing up; in other words, it
becomes actually impossible for the Department
to determine ill many cases to what, if any, dis-
trict certain portions of the country belong. It,
therefore, becomes necessary to pass this bill to
define and establish the limits of each collection
district. So far as the known limits of the exist-
ing districts can be ascertained, they have been
very generally followed in this bill, although some
alterations have been made for reasons well known
at the Department. I ask that Tuesday next
may be assigned for the consideration of this bill,
and that it may be made the special order for that
day.
The motion was agreed to.
PILOTAGE.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of Senate bill No. 13—'.'A
bill relating to pilotage." It was ordered to be
engrossed on Thursday last; but its third reading
was postponed at the instance of the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Fish.] He has found on ex-
amination that the objections which he supposed
might exist were not well founded in fact, and I
think there will be no objection to its passage.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a third time and passed.
THE CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of Mr.
Clayton's motion to refer to the Committee on
Foreign Relations the letter of Lord John Russell,
of January 19,1853, in reference to the treaty of
April 19, 1850.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, spoke at some length
upon the present condition of our relations with
Great Britain. His speech will be published here-
after in the Appendix.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it is known
to me, as it is probably known to the Senate, that
the Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] who
introduced this subject to our notice, has calcu-
lated to be heard in the course of the debate, and
that he is now sick. With reference to his con-
venience, therefore, I desire that this subject may
be postponed. Perhaps I may desire to say some-
thing on it myself. I move that the Senate ad-
j ourn.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senator with-
draw the motion to allow the Chair to announce
the signing of certain enrolled bills?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
Mr. TOUCEY. There is a message from the
Executive on the table, which I hope will be
taken up and read. For that purpose I move to
postpone the consideration of the subject before
the Senate until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL AND RESOLUTIONS SIGNED.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Barclay, one of their
Clerks, announcing that the Speaker had signed
the following enrolled bill and joint resolutions;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to change the name of the French-built brig
Vigie to Minnie;
A resolution for the appointment of Regents to
fill the vacancies in the Board of Regents of the
Smithsonian Institution; and
A resolution to supply a deficiency in the
