1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1229
It is, therefore, a question relating to priority of
business; and tho Cliair is under the impression
that, under the rules of the House, it is not de-
batable.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to inquire
whether, when this resolution is submitted as a
question of privilege, it is not the right and duty
of the Chair to pass upon that proposition,
whether, in the judgment of the Chair, it is, or is
not, a question of privilege ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
where a question of privilege is based upon a
question of facts, it is not the dutv of the Chair,
and ran hardly be within his right, having no
cognizance of the facts, to decide that such a ques-
tion is one of privilege; but it is the duty of the
Chair, as the Chair understands the question, to
present to the House the question, whether it will
reocivc such a proposition as a question of privi-
lege, thereby superseding, for the time being, all
other busiiK ss of the House. .
Mr. STEPHENS. I entertain no doubt at all
on the subject. I behove it 13 not a question of
privilege.
Mr. GIDDINGrS, (intprrupting.) I call the
gentleman from Georgia to order. If he argues
the question, I shall certainly assert my right to
argue it.
Air. STEPHENS. I affirm it to be a debat-
able question; but I rose mainly for the purpose
of preventing any debate, and the unnecessary
consumption of time, by moving to lay on the
table the question as to its being a question of
privilege.
Tht, SPEAKER. The Chair does not, how-
ever, decide that it is not a debatable question.
It simply made the statement, in reply to the
question propounded by the gentleman fi 0111 Ala-
bama, that it mifiht be deemed a question relating
to the subject of priority of business. The gen-
tleman from Georgia moves that the question of-
the reception of the resolution do I10 upon the
table.,
Mr. KNOWLTON. On that motion I call
for the vcas and nays.
Air. WASIIBURN, of Maine. That motion
of the gentleman from Georgia carries with it
the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It carries with it the paper.
Air. WASHBURN. Then it is virtually a
vote to suppress investigation.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Air. WALKER. We want to debate the
question, not to suppress debate.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nous 70; as follows :
YEAS — Me&sis. Aiken, Allen. I3aik--da!c, T3cil, Bowie,
T>oyoo. Eianeh, Bioom, Burnea, Cartwalaili'M, John P.
Campbell, Caihle, flingumn, Ilowell Cobb, Williamson It.
W. Cobb. Co^, Culler)* J)a\icUon, Ileir.y Winter Davis*,
Denver, Dowdeil. Cilniund-'oii, Elliott, English, I^aulkjifM.
Florence. Foster, Ueniv M. Fulln. Thoma^J. 1). FuIIim,
Goode, Greenwood, J. Mon^oii Harris Sampson W.
Hairis, riaruson, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman, Geo.L'e W.
Joees. J Gianoy Joiie^, Koitt. Kennert. Lelcho. Lmrilcv,
XiUmpkin, Alexander K. Mai&hall, Maxwell. MeCiutien,
Smith Milieu Million, Miihvaui. Fame, Peek, PlicJp-*,
1'uncar, Ready, Rieuud, Richarri-u>n, [livers Jlobi^on,
llaifm. Savage. Scott. Samuel A. South, William Smith,
William R- Smith, Sliced, Stephen-*, Stewait, Sxvope,
Talbott, Tayloi. Tliui>ton, Trippe, Tv-.on, Walker, War-
ner, Watkin?, Weils, and Whitney—79.
NAYS—Mes^is. Albumin, Alli-on, B.ubour, Heniy Ben-
nett. Benson, Biihn«hui?-t, Bireiham. IJJi Brad^iaw.Brcn-
ton, liufiinton. Butiiua.une, .Tame* H. Camphejj. 1>wh D.
CnmpbeSl, Chalice. C/ra Claik, Clau-=on. Collar, Craimi,
Cumback. Tmioihv Davt<. Dick. Diekcou, riagUn. Gallo-
way, Gukhna-s. liiibcit, Grander, Giow, llaikm. UoDowav,
Thomas R. Hortou. Valentino B. Ilounn, Upl'v. Knnpp,
Kni'jht, Kmmiton, llninphiey Mar-hail,Matteson, "\leCat-
fy. Meaeham, Killian IMiilor, Jlorsan, Moirill. Altuiav, An-
drew Ole-ei, iMikcr. i'ciiy, Tike, Pungle, Purviarice,
Rilelne. ."abm, Snpp. Stanton, Sttanahae. Tappan. TI101-
mston. Todd. Tiatton, Wakeman. Walbridiie. Waidron,
Cadwalader C Washlmtne, Israel Wa-hbuui. Welch. Wil-
liam-, Woodruff, and Woodworth—70.
So the question as to the resolution being
received as a question of privilege, was laid upon
the table.
Pending; the call of the roll,
Air. JEWETT stated that he had paired off,
and could not vote. If he could, he would have
voted in the affirmative.
Air. POWELL asked and obtained leave to
withdraw hi*-? \ote, as he had voted in ionr^t-
fulness of the fact that he had paired off with a
member of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the indul-
gence of the House to offer a resolution for
information.
_ Air. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, and others, ob-
jected, and called for the regular order of business.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, informing the House that the
Senate had passed a bill of the House entitled
•• An act. making a grant of land to the State of
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads in said State."
ELECTION LAW FOR WASHINGTON CITY.
The SPEAKER. The business regularly in
order is the motion of the gentleman fiom Ken-
tucky [Air. H. Marshall] to reconsider the
vote ordering to a third reading Senate bill (No.
125) defining the duties of commissioners of
elections m the city of Washington, and for other
purposes; and on that the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. AIeaciiam] has the floor.
Air. AIEACHAM. I obtained the floor last
night for the single purpo.se of moving the pre-
vious question. I intend to make that motion in
order to save the time of the House from being
consumed in a long debate. I wish to have the
House come to an immediate vote on the question
before it.
Air. TAYLOR. Will the gentleman from Ver-
mont have the goodness to give way to allow me
to say something on this subject, before he calls
i the previous question.
i Atr. MEACHAM declined, and continued:
I The Committee for the District of Columbia was
: intrusted with the duty of making a change in
the election laws of the city of Washington. We
brought. 111 a bill, such as we thought at the time
| would lie agreeable and profitable to the citizens
I of Washington Objection was made to that bill
j on account of certain political questions supposed
; to be involved 111 it. The House sent back that
bill to the committee, to bring 111 another in its
; sfead. The committee took the subject into
1 consideration, and stripped the bill of everything
, that could have a political tendency on either side.
| It snnply biought in a bill to meet the present
1 demands of the citizens of Washington.
; You will allow mc to say that we left the ques-
j tion of the rights and qualifications of voters out
! of the question; we left it to rest with the charter
I of the city passed in 1848, and ratified by the
i individual voters—by every man in the city; that
! is to say, it was left to the legal voters of the city,
' and they ordained this law for themselves. We
| would leave this question entirely m their hands,
I and now only make provision for extending the
; time for voting, and for punishing fommnssioners
I for neglecting or abusing their privileges. Those
■ are the only questions that arc now before the
; House. The Committee for the District of C-olum-
| bia held a regulnr meeting this morning, and by
i their advice and consent, 1 propose to ask the
' general consent of the House to present one or
two amendments to the bill, such as shall meet
' the demands made in the House yesterday. The j
; first is 111 relation to the word "knowingly." 1
' They instruct me to insert after the word '"know- |
inglv," the words "willfully and corruptly.i
I That will certainly covcr the whole ground. ■
! There was another objection made 111 reference |
! to young men who became of age ofter December, j
J when the register was made out, nnd before the ;
. day of election, being deprived of the privilege of j
; suifrage. I have, by the consent and bythedirec- (
j tion of the committee, drawn an amendment, I
I which I propose to offer in the form of an addi- j
tional section; os follows: |
£cc. (>. *-]nd he it /wither enacted, That hereaftfU the ;
ehaitei of the eity of Wiolunaton .shall b>: -?o eoti-uued as
to allow any per-on to vote who. po^e—intr ail the othei \
qualifications ^hall be twenty-one vcai&ofa^e on 01 befoie j
the day ot election. |
That will covcr the case of every person. !
Air. WALKER. If the gentleman from Ver- ^
mont will permit me, I desire to ask him a ques- !
tion. Tim gentleman from Vermont,as he has 1
informed the Hou^t*, propos's two amendments ;
with the assent of the Committee for the District
of Columbia, to the bill under consideration.
The last amendment, if I gathered his wotds cor-
rectly, authorizes the construction of the exist-
ing law to be such as to legalize th^ vot^ of any
person, possessing the other qualifications pre-
! scribed by the act of 15'3U, who shall become
twenty-one years of age at any time before the
day of election. Now, the question I wish to
ask the chairman oftheCommitteeforthe District
of Columbia, is this: Gentlemen who have exam-
ined that clause of the fifth section of the act of
18*20, which relates to the qualification of voters,
know that, amongother qualifications, is the pay-
ment of a certain tax when called upon by the
proper officer. Another is the registry of the
names of the parties entitled to vote, in the assess-
ment books, before the 3Xst day of December.
1 call the attention of the gentleman from Vermont
to this point. He says that a person becoming
twenty-one years of age before the day of elec-
tion, possessing the other requisite qualifications
of a voter, will, under his amendment, be entitled
to vote. Now, when it is borne in mind that
under the existing law, no person is entitled to
vote unless his name has been placed in the
assessment books, and that his name must be
placed there before the. 31st day of December
preceding the election, I ask him to state how
far his amendment will operate as a curative of
these evils ?
Air. A1EACHAM. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman for the purpose of making a speech.
Air. WALKER. Certainly not. Just a word,
by way of explaining my position.
Air. MEACHAM. I will state that the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia presented to the
House a bill bringing down the registryof voters
to within ten days of'the election; but the gentle-
men wlto now oppose tho bill then fought that
provision to the last.
Air. WALKER. No, sir.
Air. A1EACHAAI. I am instructed by the
Committee for the District of Columbia to ask
the goneraloonsentof the House to bring forward
these amendments, which will meet the objec-
tions which were yesterday made to the bill as it
came from the Senate.
Atr. SNEED. I shall certainly object to the
committee, under the operation of the previous
question, amending the bill just as they may de-
sire, without extending to every other member
the right to amend it as he may desire.
Mr. MEACHAM. 1 ask for the previous ques-
I tion upon the motion to reconsider.
| Air. SA1ITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
| man from Vermont to withdraw his motion for
j the previous question. 1 will renew it.
i Air. MEACHAM. I have more than twenty
j applications for the same purpose, and if I with-
j'drawfor one [ must foranothei.
! Mr. SMITH. Then let us vote down the de-
mand.
| Atr. CAA1PEELL, of Ohio. I move to lay the
1 whole subject on the table, and call for the yeas
! and nays.
| The SPEAKER. The motion pending before
! the House is to reconsider the vote ordering the
bill to a third reading.
Air. CAA1PBELL. But I move to lay the
whole bill 011 the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion which is before
the House is to some extent an independent mo-
tion. The bill is not immediately before the
House. The Chair thinks the motion is not in
order.
ENROLLED BILL.
Atr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined,
and found truly enrolled, a bill of the following
title; when the Speaker signed the same:
Aii act making a grant of land to the State of
Iowa, in alternate sections, to aid in the construe-
!' tion of certain railroads 111 said State,
h MESSAGE FROST THE SENATE.
'■ A message was received f.-om the Senate, by
j'AsiiURY Dickin's thar Secretary, announcing
Ji that they had passed, without amendment, a bill
granting public bud, in alternate sections, to the
■ : States of Florida and Alabama, to aid m the
construction of certain nulrouds in said States,
.j MESSAGE TROM THE PRESIDENT.
' A messaoe, m writing, was received from the
■ I President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
; iTCR, his Private Secretary.
: Also, a message announcing that hehad^ap-
■ proved and signed a bill and joint resolution,
originating; m the House, of the following titles;
! An act making a grant of land to the State of
