1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
50*8
appropriation for printing for the second session
of the Thirty-Third Congress.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message which had been received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. Web-
ster. his Secretary, transmitting, and recommend-
ing to the favorable consideration of Congress, a
communication from the Secretary of War ask-
ing for a special appropriation of $3,000,000 to
prepare armaments ana ammunition for fortifica-
tions, and to increase the supply of small-arms
for the use of the United States Army and the
militia of the several States. The message was,
on motion by Mr. Seward, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to have taken up,
for the purpose of making it the special order
for to-morrow week, the bill which I yesterday
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs
to amend an act to promote the efficiency of the
Navy.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
postponed to, and made the spccial order of the
day for, Wednesday, the 5th of March.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 26, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communications,
which were disposed of as indicated below:
I. A communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting a copy of a letter of
7th of March last, from the acting Commissioner
of the United States in China, and of the regula-
tions and notification which accompanied it, for
such revision thereof as Congress may deem
expedient, pursuant to the sixth section of the
act approved August II, 1848. Referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
II. A communication from the Treasury De-
partment, inclosing a copy of a letter from Hon.
John W. Whitfield, Delegate from Kansas, ad-
dressed to that Department, stating that the esti-
mate for the contingent expenses for Kansas for
the year ending June 30,1857, is insufficient, and
begging leave to recommend that the amount
may be increased to $1,500. Referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
III. A communication from the Treasury De-
partment, submitting copies of the presentment
of the grand jury, and letters of the surgeon of the
Marine Hospital and the United States district
attorney at Mobile, urging the expediency of
purchasing, for the use of the hospital, an addi-
tional lot of ground. Referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
IV. A communication from the Department of
the Interior, transmitting therewith supplement-
ary estimates of appropriations required during
the fiscal year ending 3l)ih June, 1857, on account
of surveying services m New Mexico and Utah;
the same being based upon information received
by the Department since the preparation of the
regular annual estimates for that year. Referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
V. A communication from the Navy Depart-
ment, transmitting therewith a report from the
Fourth Auditor of the Treasury Department, ex-
hibiting, m tabular form, the pay and allowances
of the several officers of the Navy and marine
corps of the United States, showing the entire
compensation paid to each out of the appropria-
tions applicable to the naval service, for the fiscal
year ending 30th June, 1855; prepared incom-
pliance with the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives passed June 14,1848. Laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of
the following titles; which thereupon received
the signature of the Speaker:
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to change the name of the French-built brig
Vigie to Minnie.
A resolution for the appointment of Regents to
fill the vacancies in the Board of Regents of the
Smithsonian Institution.
A resolution to supply a deficiency in the ap-
propriations for the printing of the second session
of the Thirty-Third Congress.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following appointments as Regents to
supply the vacancies in the Board of Regents of
the Smithsonian Institution, on the part of the
House, viz: Hiuam Warner, of Georgia; James
Meacham, of Vermont; William H. English,
of Indiana.
INTRODUCTION^ BILLS.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the standing committees of the House. -
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I presume there
are not many committees ready to report, while
there are many members who have bills they
desire to introduce. I have none myself; but I
propose that half an hour or an hour be devoted
to a call of the House by States, for the purpose of
allowing gentlemen to introduce such bills as will
not give rise to debate or controversy, and which
they merely wish to introduce for the purpose of
reference.
Mr. CRAIG-E. That is precisely the resolu-
tion which we tried to act under one day last
week.
Mr. HOUSTON. The object of the gentleman
from Tennessee may be accomplished by limiting
the resolution to bills and resolutions to which no
objection shall be made; so that a person shall
not be cut off from objecting to the bill by a
demand for the previous question. If it is so
understood, the Speaker will aid in carrying into
effect the order of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee: it j
is, that one half hour be devoted to the reception,
on the call by States, of such bills as shall not.be
objected to either as to their introduction or their
reference.
Mr. CRAIG-E. I object.
Mr. JONES. Then I presume the Chair will
call for reports from committees; and as soon as
we get through them—and there are very few of
them—then it will be in order to call for resolu-
tions, and gentlemen can then introduce their bills.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN UTAH.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. T have a commu-
nication from the Treasury Department in regard
to appropriations for the erection of public build-!
ings m Utah; and I ask that it be referred to the '
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to
be printed.
It was so ordered.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER announced that reports from
committees were in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state to the House,
Mr. Speaker, that the Committee of Ways and
Means will be ready in the course of half an
hour to report three of the appropriation bills.
I have two of them now; but the deficiency bill
is not yet quite ready, and I wish to report that
first. I will, therefore, ask permission of the
House to report the bills during the morning,
after the other committees shall have been called.
KALAMAZOO AND PALMYRA LAND OFFICES
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
Senate bill No. 97, entitled "An act to continue
temporarily the land office at Kalamazoo, in the
State of Michigan," reported the same back to
the House with an amendment.
- The first section of the bill enacts that the offices
of register and receiver of the land office of Kal-
amazoo, in the State of Michigan, and the office
itself, shall be continued till such time as in the
opinion of the President they can be discontinued
without prejudice to the pubhemterests, and that
until that time the act of Congress of June 12,
1840, shall not apply to said office or offices.
The second section enacts that the compensa-
tion of said register and receiver shall be allowed
them according to law until the time of discon-
tinuance.
The Committee on Commerce propose an
amendment in the form of a third section, as fol-
lows:
And be it further enacted, That the provisions of sections
one and two of this act, are hereby made applicable to the
land office at Palmyra, in the State of Missouri, and the
register and receiver thereof.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
agreeing to the amendment.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. That bill is
one which involves no principle. Itis one merely -
of convenience. It is said to be necessary on
account of the business to be closed up at the office
of Kalamazoo, in the State of Michigan. The
bill is merely to allow that office to be continued
until the business of it can be closed up. The
Committee on Public Lands has reported in favor
of it; and, if passed at all, it should be passed im-
mediately. 1 hope, therefore, it will oe passed
now; and I move to put it upon its passage.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I would like to
hear some good reason assigned, Mr. Speaker,
for the adoption of this amendment, as well as for
the passage of the bill itself. The question, I
suppose, is on the amendment; but I should like
to know some reason why these land offices at
Kalamazoo and Palmyra should be continued in
preference to any other land offices in the United
States. There is an existing law that, where the
number of acres unentered in any land office fails
below the number of one hundred thousand, it
shall be consolidated with some adjacent office,
and its business subsequently transacted in that
office with which it shall have been consolidated.
Now, I should like to know why these two offices
are to be continued, in preference to other offices.
Consolidations have been going on all over the
country, and very properly; and it is a question
which commends itself to the consideration of
every member of the House, whether, if a change
is to be made in one or two particular instances,
as good reasons do not exist for making a general
law applicable to all of them? There are live
offices, I believe, in my own State, which have
been consolidated and united with the office at
Springfield.
But it is said that there are controversies pend-
ing in these two land offices in respect to the title
to lands entered there, which render necessary
the continuance of the offices. It may be true
that such controversies are pending, and I sup-
pose it is true; but it is equally true in respect to
some other land offices, and I know of no reason,
even of expediency, justice, or anything else,
which would warrant the adoption of this exclu-
sive principle in regard to only one or two land
offices in the country.
I am not disposed to enter into a discussion of
the question now; but in order that it may receive
that discussion which I believe it ought to receive,
I move to commit the bill and amendment to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and that they be ordered to be printed,
so that we may have a chance to see exactly in
what shape the matter is.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I desire to ask
whether the bill is accompanied by a report ex-
planatory of the reasons why it should be passed.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
it is not accompanied by a report.
Mr. PORTER. I hope that the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois will not prevail. The
ndment provides for the continuance of aland
ce in the State of Missouri, in the district
^hich I have the honor to represent. The claims
for the continuance of the land office at thatplace
are the same as those for the continuance of the
land office at Kalamazoo, as contemplated by the
original bill presented by the gentleman irom
Michigan, [Mr. Walbridge,] and favorably re-
ported on by the Committee on Public Lands.
My friend from Illinois [Mr. Harris] speaks
of the general bill passed by Congress for the
purpose of abolishing orconsolidatingland offices,
when the unentered lands fall below one hundred
thousand acres. I admit the general policy of
that law. That I am not prepared to dispute.
But it is contended that, in relation to these par-
ticular land offices, they ought to be an exception
from the operation of the general law for a brief
period—the length of that period to be determined
by the Executive.
I understand the gentleman from Illinois to say,
that several land offices in the State of Illinois
