1886.]
AEPBNDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
34th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Belt
&EKATE.
could be had about tbi* matter with Commodore Thomas
Ad Catesby Jones.
Respectfully, Sc., &c.
The Fredericksburg PhysuUnu.
We, the undersigned, having learned that Lieutenant M.
F. Maury has been ordered to join the Pacific squadron,
beg leave respectfully to state to the Secretary of the Navy
that the service contemplated would, in our opinions, exert
a most unfriendly, and, probably, a permanent, influence
on bis health and usefulness.
The injury which Lieutenant Maury some time sinee
sustained guU renders it necessary that he shonld avoid
violent exercise and exposure to a variable climate- Of
consequence the hardships incident to a protracted voyage
in his professional capacity, and especially during the ap-
proaching season, would involve great hazard of inHicting
lasting disability, and mar the beneficial effects which time
and attention are operating in his favor.
We do not, therefoiMHitate to express the opinion,that
regard for the weifarflHWjieutenant Maury, and to bis
future value to the Navy, alike indicate the propriety of his
•voiding sea-service for the ensuing winter-
It may be proper to add that this statement is made with-
out the knowledge of Lieutenant Maury, who we know
Would not shrink from any duly he might be required to
parfbnn, and whose seal iu the service would prompt him
to encounter greater exertions than prudence would-aonB-
tioo.
WILLIAM BROWNE. M. D..
GEORGE F. CARMlCllAEL, M. D.,
B. K. WELL FORD, M. D.
■ Secretary of the Navy to Lieutenent Maury.
November 15,1841.
Si*: The accompanying letter from JudgeLomax, and
certificate of Drs. Brown, Carmichael, and Wellford, are
inclosed to you, with the request that yoi  will makekpown
to the Department your own wishes upon the subject.
Respectfully, &c., lee., A. P. UP8H0R.
XinfanaJ tfaq to lit Secretary of the JTaey.
FnKDERrcKsstiRO, (Vi.,) November 18,1841.
Sik: In reply to your letter of the 15th instant, and its
ioctasares herewith returned, I beg leave to say, that the
opinion expressed by my friends, Drs. Brown, Carmichael,
and Wellfbrd, induces me to violate a rule of my own, by
asking to be relieved from orders to sea.
Aespectftilly, &c., fee.
Secretory of the Nety to Lieutenant M-mnj.
Niv* DgriimdesT, Nownber 82,1841.
Sic: In consideration of the representation made by Dm.
Brawn, Cnnnichael, and Wellford, as to the state of your
health, andagrecably to your request of the 18th instant, you
are hereby relieved from your orders to the frigate United
Sates.
Respectfully, Sic., fcc., A. P. UPSHUR.
"H e close of this correspondence shows, indeed,
Uiat Lieutenant Maury was relieved, from orders
to sea at his own request in 1841, as charged
against him; but who can pretend that he thereby
furnished any evidence of a disposition to turn
his bark upon the sea? It appears, then, from
the explanations I have given, that m a period of
thirty-one years, since Lieutenant Maury entered
the naval service, he haa been relieved from, sea,
duty, for his own peNonal convenience, only for
a little upwards of three months.
But my friend from Florida, sua a further proof
that Lieutenant Maury had shunned sea service,
asserted that he had sought the position which
be now occupies at the Observatory. Lieutenant
Maury, seeing this statement in the reported
remarks of my friend from Florida, complained
of the injustice done him, and. addressed him a
letter, explaining that his application.to the De-
partment in-1842 was to be considered as an appli-
cation to be placed in the charge of the Bureau of
Hydrography, which was proposed to be estab-
lished by a hall then pending in Congress, should
it become a law; but that the proposed measure
had failed to receive the sanction of Congress.
When the Senator from Florida afterwards had
the floor on this subject, he sent this letter to. the
Clerk's table, to be read to the Senate. He accom-
panied it with the remark that he sent it " to the
Chair to be read for what it is worth;" which I
do not tliink comported with the kindness and
courtesy which usually marks the course of the
Senator.
Mr. MALL0RY. I made the remark after-
wards in what I said on the subject.
Mr- BELL, of Tennessee. I remember the
remark, but 1 -cannot say what was the precise
time it was made. I do not mean, however, to
be discourteous or offensive to. the .honorable Sen-
ator ui noticing this remark, My object is merely
to do justice to Lieutenant Maury. The honor-
able'Senator, in the course of his remarks on that
occasion, reiterated his former statement that
Lieutenant Maury had applied to be relieved from
sea duty in 1837j in 1838, in 1840, and again in
1841, without any explanation of the attendant
circumstances; and he added that " he took it for
granted that that statement was correct, as it had
not been denied." I have it from Lieutenant
Maury, that when he complained to the Senator
from Florida of the injustice done him in stating
that he had sought his present employment, al-
though he knew that there were circumstances
attehding the several applications to be relieved
from orders to sea, charged by the honorable Sen-
ator, which would relieve him from all censure,
yet he was not sure that the evidence of those
circumstances was to be found on the files of the
Department; and he was not willing to deny the
statements, of the honorable Senator, or to offer
explanations, on his personal authority simply.
He was unwilling to risk his word against that of
the Senator from Florida, who, he supposed, had
obtained all the information there was in the De-
partment upon the subject. I have no doubt that
the Senator did place before the Senate all that the
Department furnished him with on this point.
Mr. MALLORY. Will my friend from Ten-
nessee permit me tosay a word in this connection?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. MALLDRY I hold that when a Senator
on the floor makes an error in a statement to
which an individual may deem that he has a
proper exception, it is his (the Senator's) duty,
and hie will spontaneously do justice whenever he
finds that he has committed an error. When
Lieutenant Maury brought to my attention the
fact that he never applied for the position which
he now occupies, he admitted at the same time
that he had applied for employment at the head 1
of the Bureau of Hydrography, whiph was then
about being; established. The Bureau of Hydro-
graphy was subsequently merged in the Bureau of
Yards and Docks; and the law placed a post-cap-
tain at the head of it, which excluded Mr. Maury
entirety. He subsequently received his position
at the head of the depot of charts and instruments,
which has grown up into the presentObservatoFy.
When Mr. Maury made tnis statement to me,
I requested'him to put it in writing, lest 1 might,
in submitting any explanation in his behalf, com- j
mit some slight error which would not do i him ;
justice. With the. understanding that whatever I
he did put in writing I would most cheerfully i
commnnicate, he reduced his statement to writing, I
and it was presented by me in order to do him |
justice. I remarked at the time, that I did not
see that the letter materially altered the statement J
which I had before made, because the gist of the '
statement was that he had applied for shore duty.
He admitted that he had done so, as I understood;
bat instead of the shore duty being at the Observ-
atory, as I before stated, it .was at the Hydro-
graphical Bureau. This was all the correction;
I tad.no other papeis before me—no others tate-
ment to correct. ■4ft
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not charge the
honorable Senator with seeking to do any inten-
tional injustice to Lieutenant Maury. He was
very zealous in'vindicating the board, and main-
tained strongly that they were justified in retiring
him; and amon^ other grounds assigned by the
honorable Senator in justification of that finding,
Ik undertook to prove that Lieutenant Maury
had avoided sea service, and sought his present
employment. That is the point of difference
hetween my friend from Florida and myself.
Lieutenant Maury did seek employment ashore I
in 1842, when his friends did not consider him
able to perform sea service. His application ,
failed, for the reason already stated; but a few
months afterwards he was put in charge of the |
old depot of charts and instruments—not upon his :
own application, but on the recommendation of |
brother officers.
But, sir, the material point is, that Lieutenant
Maury never shrank from sea duty. Neither my
friend from Florida, nor my friend from Dela-
ware, in all that they have said, ever did Lieu-
tenant Maury the justice to admit, or notke the
fact, that he had applied for orders to sea during
the Mexican war, although I-had previously
brought that fact to the notice of the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. When was the last appli-
cation? ■*
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. During the Mexi-
can war.
Mr. MALLORY. When was the last before
that ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. In 1841.
Mr. MALLORY. I n order that the record may
be kept correctly, I will remark here that I un 
derstamd the matter as the honorable Senator
does—that Mr. Maury's application for sea ser-
vice was made in 1841, and subsequently in the
Mexican war. When I made the statement in
relation to Lieutenant Maury's applications to
be relieved from sea service, they were not spon-
taneously produced by me, but were responses,
on my part, to allegations made on the floor of the
i Senate by Mr. Maury's friends, who said that
j he had never declined sea service. I knew that
' this statement was erroneous. I knew that the
Senators who made the statement had not inves-
tigated the matter as 1 had-. I-responded to prove
that fact. I brought it forward in reply to the
allegations that he had never declined sea service;
and I think I sustained my view thoroughly. In
relation to his application for sea service during
the Mexican war, I knew nothing about it; but,
if I had thought of it at all, I should have known
i that he did apply because it is a standing rule and
usage, that every member of both the military
professions of the country is a volunteer in case
of war.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I must say to my
friend, that 1 do not think ho has sustained his
position that Lieutenant Maury shunned duty at
sea. When the circumstances are fully consid-
ered, it will be found that, on his own application,
and for his personal convenience, he was not
relieved except in 1837, when he asked for a fur-
lough; and at the-end of three months he applied
for sea service, and got it.
Mr. MALLORY. He applied for a year's
furlough then.
Mr. BELL, of-Tennessee. That may be; but
he relinquished it after three months and a few
days, applied for orders to sea, and got them.
Out of thirty-one years' service, three months'
absence from sea . duty is all that can be fairly
charged against him.
1 said yesterday that Lieutenant Maury's-post*
tion in relation to this question is such as v?ry
naturally led to extraordinary efforts on the part
of the friends of the board to show that he had
no just complaint against its finding. His case
attracted public attention from the first-promulg**
tion of the proceedings-of'the board, liis retire-
ment was as astonishing to the country as to
himself. It was almost universally a matter of"
general regret as well as of astonishment, thatan
officer of so much distinction at home and abroad
should have been disifited, and put out of the line
of promotion by the action of the naval board.
Hence it was, that after the honorable Senators
had pressed every consideration that could be
thought of to maintain the ground that Lieuten-
ant Maury was- incompetent, physically, as well
as from desuetude, to perform efficient sea ser-
vice, after having attempted to show that he had
turned his back upon the sea and sought employ-
ment ashore, my friend from Dajnware, distrust-
ing, it' would seem, the strength of alj these
positions, resorted - to an argument which my
friend from Florida declined to employ. The
Senator from Delaware urged, after reading the
report of the trial of the cause in Ohio, that of
the two thousand three hundred and twenty-five
dollars awarded in damages to LieutenantMaury
by the "jury, at least two thousand dollars must
have been awarded to him in consideration of the
permanent disability established by the evidence.
The remaining three hundred and twenty-five
dollars, he supposed, might have been awarded
to pay for his loss of time and medical expendi-
tures. The argument is, that Lieuteuant Maury
has no ground of complaint against the finding
of the naval board, or to claim any redress from
his country against that finding, because he has
already been compensated for the loss of his pro-
fessional prospects by the damages awarded for
his broken leg.
Sir, to say nothing of the absurdity of the idea,
that $2,000 would be regarded as a remuneration
for a permanent disability inflicted upon a naval
officer of such brilliant projniae, and . then only.
