2104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
struct scientifically, and at the same time economically, is -
the beginning and end ofhis endeavors. It is far otherwise
with the architect. Construction ought to be his handmaid,
useful to assist him in carrying out his design, but never hid
mistress, controlling him in cairying out his plans."
I do.not doubt that the association of Captain
Meigs as superintendent, with Mr. Walter as
architect, has been very beneficial.
The business of the architect is ornament; the
business of the engineer is construction, solidity,
adaptation, and proper enconomy in management.
When the present Executive came into office
under all this clamor of insolidity, of construc-
tion, of extravagance in expenditure, of fraud and
corruption in expenditure, he determined to place
an officer of engineers in charge. It was at the
earnest solicitation of the Secretary of the Interior
himself that the matter was transferred from his
Department to the Secretary of War; and from
personal reasons, which—without any disrespect
to him—may be supposed to have existed; and
also because, when an engineer was put in charge,
it seemed to be better to place him under the War
Department, to whose orders he was generally
subject. A commission was appointed to con-
sider the propriety of making the changes proposed
by Captain Meigs in the interior arrangement of
the building—to secure halls suitable for public
debate and legislation—he having been called upon
by the Executive, on being placed in charge of
the building, to report upon the adaptation of the
building as first designed for that purpose. His
statement of the principles which guided him in
devising new plans, with drawings of the plans
themselves, were submitted to the consideration
of gentlemen of well known science and reputa-
tation in the country. They approved of the
alterations proposed by the engineer; and after
their full consideration, the changcs of the plan
were approved and determined on by the Execu-
tive. It may be supposed that there was a viola-
tion of propriety in changing a plan which had
been determined upon by a former Executive; but
I beg leave to remark that Mr. Fillmore, although
he had approved Mr. Walter's plan, had never
given an official sanction to it. There was to bo
found no drawing which he had indorsed with
his appobation, so as to make the thing conclu-
sive. The President considered with much de-
liberation whether, under all the circumstances,
he had a right to make any changes; but, finding
there had been no official approval by his prede-
cessor, ho concluded ho had a right to make such
changes as he thought proper. The changes,
therefore, were made by which these chambeis
will have no exterior windows. They will be
lighted from above, and will be supplied with no
other light except as it nny find way through
the doors. But there is no fear of a deficiency of
light.
Mr. HALE. How about air?
Mr. PEARCE. The air is to be supplied on
principles which scientific men say will furnish it
better than any more supply of air from the exte-
rior through the windows. I doubt whether wc
are competent to consider that subject. For my
own part, I think it is safer that those who are in-
experts, should rely on the judgment of those who
are experts. If in our common sense we should
undertake to throw aside the teachings of learning
and science on this subject, we should probably
iind that wc weie only blundering from one diffi-
culty into agreater one. Hut letany one stand near
that window 011 a hot day, with the sun shining,
and feel the warmth that conies in, and then go
in front of the wall of the fire-place, and perceive
the difference of temperature, and let linn exam-
ine the thermometer which hangs then;, and the
one which hangs back of your scat, sir, and see
that there are several degress of difference, and
he will find perhaps there is not so much motive
in letting m exterior air by large windows, as wc
might otherwise suppose. As I believe, the
British Pailiament Houses are supplied with air
in this mode; and my friend from JNTcw Hamp-
shire [Mr. Bell] says it works admirably. The
acoustics of the Houses of Parliament have
proved to be a failure. It is impossible for any
one to say whether they will prove a failure in
this case or not; but this much I will say, that,
takinggieatiruerestin thissubject, 1 wentthrough
one ot theso^ chambers the other day, which is
now filled with scaffolding. I stood at one end,
and stnt a man to the other, and spoke to him m
an ordinary tone of voice. He heard me distinctly
he said, and replied in the same tone, and I
heard him distinctly; and I believe, so far as
acoustic principles are concerned, these chambers
will prove to be a triumph. In regard to the
other matter I do not profess to have any knowl-
edge, and I trust in those who have. I will not
set up my uninformed judgment against theirs.
Mr. HALE. I have not heard a word of the
complaints spoken of by the Senator from Mary-
land. I have heard of no charges of corrup-
tion; and, therefore, I shall not be governed in
my vote by any of the considerations thrown
out by the honorable Senator from Maryland. I
have not a word to say against the ornaments or
against the statuary. I will only say, that if the
statuary we are to have, is not to be better than
what we have had, the further off from the Cap-
itol it is, the better I shall like it. I am never in
favor of mobs; but if there ever shall be a mob in
the city of "Washington, I hope the first thing
they do will be to break down the statuary on
the eastern portico—Columbus, the Indian, the
dog, and the whole concern—let it all go.
But, sir, I remember a contest which was car-
ried on in this body, and in Congress, for years,
in which 1 took one side, and I mean to stick to
it now. That side finally prevailed in our na-
tional armories, and I hope it will prevail in regard
to our national Capitol; and that is, to introduce
the healthful change of letting mechanics work
under civil instead of military superintendents.
That principle governed me and governed a ma-
jority of both Houses in relation to our national
armories. I believed it was wise then, and I
believe it is wise now; and 1 do not know any
sort of reason why we should require mechanics
to work under military superintendents.
Mr. PEARCE. Does the gentleman know of
any complaints of mechanics?
Mr. HALE. I said at the outset that I had not
heard any complaints from anybody m relation
to the subject-matter on which the Senator from
Maryland had spoken,and therefore I would say
nothing about it. Since that question has been
put to mc, I will say that there has been a single
mechanic, whose name I do not know, who has
spoken to me. Pie suggested this inquiry: " what
necessity is there for the mechanics here, doing
mechanics' work for the Government of the Uni-
ted States, being subjected to military superintend-
ence?" I would not have mentioned it if the
question had not been asked me; because I did
not know the man's name, and do not know it
now. I think the Senate, to be consistent with
the action they have taken in relation to the
national armories, ought to a«ree to this provision
of the House. The business of the national
aimorics—the manufacture of arms—would seem
with greater propriety to require military super-
intendence. It seems to me that the building of
tiie Capitol may be carried on by the mechanical
skill, taste, science, and education of the coun-
try, without the superintendence of the Army.
By adheiing to this pro vision of the House, and
coinciding with their action, we pass no censure
upon anybody. We do not puss a judgment on
any of the charges of fraud which have been made,
but we simply say that the building of these ad-
ditions is not the appropriate subject of military
superintendence, and that the mechanics of the
country who are here employed may proceed to
do this work, as they do all other work in the
country, under civil superintendence.
Sir, the United States, when they have under-
taken architectural or artistic efforts, whether m
the way of sculpture or painting, or of construct-
ing buildings or ships, have not generally been
mure successful than private enterpiise has been
in the same departments. I think we need not
go out of the city of Washington to find collec-
tions of statuary—of paintings certainly—vastly
exceeding in merit those of the United States.
Better taste is displayed by private individuals;
and not only better taste, but greater skill, in
erecting buildings and constructing ships—war
ships — by private enterprise, without military
superintendence, than by the United States, when
they undertake to do the same work. I think it
is an impeachment of the mechanical interest in
this country to say they cannot furnish sufficient
skill, science, and intellect, to do this work,
without the superintendence of the Department
of War.
Besides, though I know but little of the history
of this matter, I remember that not long ago we
were building at the Little Falls of the Potomac
a very expensive and splendid bridge. It was to
be perfectly solid and excellent. It was put under
the superintendence of some officer in the military
department, in the ordnance or engineer corps;
and the first report we had was that his bridge
was at the bottom of the stream. Before he got
it built, it fell, and the Government was under the
expense of removing a structure which had been
begun by the science of the military department.
It found itself at the bottom of the stream which
it was intended to bridge, and we had to go on
with a second experiment. That was one of the
experiments which we tried with the superintend-
ence of the Army.
It is said that, under the old management, com-
plaints were made about the durability and safety
of the foundation of the Capitol. If I remember
rightly—the Senator from Maryland can cor-
roborate me if I am wrong—we ordered an in-
vestigation, and the investigation was had by the
officers of the Army. The commission sent to
examine these foundations made a very thorough
and minute examination of the foundations put
in by Mr. Strong, I think, and report that they
were all sound, and that rumors prejudicial to
them were unfounded.
Mr. PEARCE. I think the report was, that
the sills would answer with certain alterations
and amendments.
Mr.HALE. Ofcourse. What use would there
have been to have a commission to examine them,
if they did not report that some alterations were
necessary? I remember the report, for I was a
member of the body at the time; and it was, that
these were unfounded, and the foundations were
sufficient. I do not know enough about archi-
tecture, or acoustics, or artistic skill, to judge
of the propriety of the change which was made
when this building was transferred from the last
Administration to the present; but I know that it
struck me unpleasantly. It struck me that if we
wanted to breathe the air which God gave to us to
breathe, we had be'ter take it as He sends it from
His heavens, rather than pump it out of the cellar
by steam-engines. What would the Senator
from Maryland have done if the boiler had burst
right in the midst ofhis eloquence. [Laughter.]
We should have been deprived of the benefit of
it. The wind would have given out upon which
the Senator spoke, if he relied on the steam-engine
to pump it out of the cellar instead of taking it as
it comes from the heavens through windows. I
confess that the thing has always struck me un-
favorably. I have thought that when the Infinite
Creator of the world made the air for us to
breathe, and spread it all around us, we had better
take it the way He sends it to us. I think tie
understands the way to send it to us quite as well
as the Secretary of War, who believes it had
better be pumped up out of the cellar by a steam-
engine. I may be mistaken, for, as I have said,
I have not skill, taste, or talent enough to say
that the Secretary's plan is not better than the
original one of the Maker of heaven and earth.
But, aside from that, I contend that the House
of Representatives have done exactly right; and
I hope that having, after long controversy, after
a painful struggle of years, come to the conclu-
sion that it was not necessary to have a military
superintendent for mechanics to work under in
the armories, we shall not depart from it now in
the case of building this Capitol.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire is a lawyer, and I do not know that it is any
reproach to the profession to say, that there is in
his profession a facility of changing sides, which
does not lose anything in his person. I daresay
he thinks consistency is a jewel, and that he is a
very consistent man; but i recollect that the day
before yesterday he told us in reference to a cer-
tain work called the Nautical Almanac, that there
was no reason in the world for having it done in
private establishments, when we had public estab-
lishments to which we could resort. He was
then for going to the regular officer, at the head
of the Government establishment, tor that work;
and he wanted to know—that was one of his illus-
trations which I did not answer then because I
was cut off—whether wc ran all around to get our
cannon, when we had armories at which they
could be got.
Mr. HALE. Arms, not cannon.
