m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26*
liave been consolidated at Springfield, in that
State. It may be that there was no good reason
for their being kept open longer. I presume that
the same reasons did not exist for their remaining
as do exist for continuing these two offices in
question. As regards the land office in Palmyra,
in my district, I am informed by letters I have
received from the officers, as well as from citizens
fesiding in every part of the land district, that the
greatest possible inconvenience would result to
people having business in that land office, if it
should be removed, as it will be, if it is removed
at ail, to the city of St. Louis, some one hundred
and fifty miles distant.
The House will recollect that, some four years
ago, a swamp land act was passed by Congress.
Under that act a number of controversies have
grown up in which the rights of individuals and
of the State conflict. Besides that, various con-
troversies have sprung up m different portions of
the district in regard to preemption claims and
entries under the graduation act of the last Con-
gress. There are cases now actually pending at
that office, which may be numbered by hundreds,
growing out of the swamp land act, and growing
out of preemption difficulties, which are set down
for trial, on different days, from, now until July
next. Witnesses have been subpenaed, and the
parties notified to attend at Palmyra for the pur-
pose of having thoir cases tried and determined
before the register and receiver, under the pro-
visions of existing laws. Now, sir, to remove
the jurisdiction in these cases to the city of St.
Louis, one hundred and fifty or one hundred and
seventy-five miles distant, or to any adjoining
land district, would in volve immense expense and
inconvenience upon the part of all the parties con-
cerned; and the whole of this inconvenience, loss,
and vexation, can be obviated, without any injury
to the Government, by simply authorizing the
President of the United States, in his discretion,
to continue the land office at Palmyra for a few
mouths, until these questions which are pending
before the register and receiver there can be dis-
posed of.
This is not an attempt to put money in the
pockets of the register and receiver of these land
offices. It is not in order to keep them in the
receipt of their pay when there is no necessity
for their services, that the passage of this bill is
asked. No, sir; justice requires, the rights of
the people and the interests of the Government
require that these offices should be kept open for
some short period of time, say six or twelve
months longer. These officers themselves do not
desire that this law should bo passed for their
own sakes. The late register at Palmyra, Mr.
Harrison, has resigned his office, the. amount of
paying business having been so much reduced as
to make the place not a desirable one; and Mr.
Rush, a resident of Palmyra, appointed in Ins
■stead. The continuance of the office, then, is not
desired for the benefit of the incumbents, but, as
stated, solely as a matter of justice to the people
residing in those distucts, who have controver-
sies and business pending at said land offices,
the speedy and proper determination of which
concerns the Government as well as themselves.
I hope, therefore, that this bill will not be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, but that it will bo immediately put
on its passage.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. My friend from
Missouri will permit me simply to remark, that
if ho will allow the bill so to be amended as to
make it general m its character, so as to give the
be avoided as much as possible. Again, sir: I
understood the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Porter] to say that this bill had been recom-
mended hy the Secretary of the Interior and by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. PORTER. The gentleman is mistaken.
I said that the office at Kalamazoo, and that at
Palmyra, were cases which these officers had be-
come satisfied should be made exceptions to the
general rule.
Mr. HARRIS. Well, I should like to ask the
gentleman whether the Secretary of the Interior,
or the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
has ever asked for the passage of this bill?
Mr. PORTER. The gentleman misunderstood
me. I did not say that these officers had in ex-
press terms recommended the passage of this bill.
Mr. HARRIS. I understood the gentleman
from Missouri to say*that the Secretary of the
Interior and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office had recommended the passage of this
bill.* My information is, that the Secretary of the
Interior is opposed to its passage. I would like
to be informed by the chairman of the Commit
tee on Public Lands whether this bill is in ac-
cordance with any recommendation from either
of these officers, or whether that committee have
received information from the Department of the
Interior, or from the General Land Office, recom-
mending the passage of such a bill'
Mr. LINDLEY. I can say to the gentleman
from Illinois, that in company with the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Walbridge] I called
on the Secretary of the Interior in reference to
this matter, and he spoke very favorably of its
passage.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must inform
gentlemen, that when the floor is yielded by the
: gentleman holding it to another gentleman, it must
1 be considered as yielded altogether, unless by the
unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. ALLEN. If it is the understanding that
the gentleman from Missouri is to yield the floor
to every one who desires it, I have something to
say upon the subject of this bill myself.
Mr. PORTER. I have but a few words to
say in reply to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Harris.] So far as the land office at Palmyra is
concerned, I had an interview with the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office in reference to
the matter myself, and he was satisfied that the
public inteirst required the further continuance
of that land office, as is proposed by this bill; and,
as I have remaikcd, upon the application of the
Missouri delegation in Congress, he has sus-
pended, for the present, the removal of that office
until Congress may have an opportunity to pass
this bill, or some similar bill upon the subject.
He is confident that the public interest, as well
as that of individuals, would be prejudiced by
the removal of that land office at the present time.
It is true, that helias not formally recommended
the passage of this bill, but at the same time he
is satisfied that a bill of this kind ought to pass.
I hope, therefore, that the bill will be allowed to
pass.
j In reply to the gentleman from Illinois, I will
say that it' he desires a general bill, it will be time
enough to consider that bill when itiaintroduced,
i The Committee 011 Public Lands have been sat-
, isfied with the justice of tins case, from the facts
I which have been stated. In regard to these offices,
they are satisfied that the measure of relief pro-
i posed is necessary and just. The gentleman
says, liowevei, that a geneial bill ought to pass
does not say this particular bill ought to be
President power, in all cases where, he shall ^frejected. Then, suffice it for me to say, that jus-
think proper, to continue land offices after they ! tiee and expediency require the prompt passage
would be removed under the law, I have no j of this bill. General legislation may be eonsid-
objection to its passage. What I object to is ered and provided for hereafter.
to picking out one or two isolated cases, and ji Mr. ALLEN obtaim;d_the floor, but yielded to
legislating for their benefit, while the President || Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I understand
is allowed no discretion m reference to all the J] that the gentleman from Illinois does not object
other cases. If the gentleman will accede to such i! to this bill; he only desires that the bill may be
an amendment, I will not object to the bill. Let
the President of the United States be clothed
with power, in all cases where he shall think the
public necessity or convenience requires it, to
continue land offices in districts where the num-
ber of acres subject to sale has been reduced to
a number less than that provided for by law.
But, sir, this system of legislating exclusively
for the benefit of particular cases, in opposition
to the general rule, 13 one which I think should
general. The committee prepared such an amend-
ment by way of additional section, requiring that
from three to six months' notice should be given
in advance of the closing up of the afiairs of any
office under the law. But they did not attach that
amendment to this special bill, because they
thought that it would materially embarrass its
passage. We shallpropose a general bill, that will
provide for all similar cases. For land offices
already discontinued we have 110 remedy. These
two land offices are about being discontinued, and
unless the bill pass promptly, they will be dis-
continued, and put the people there who are con-
cerned to great and needless expense. We shall
incur no expense, or hardly any, by continuing
these land offices. If a general law is needed, it
can be passed hereafter. We can then provide
that three or six months' notice shall be given in
each case, so that purchasers may be enabled to
make their payments and secure their titles before
the land office is transferred. I think that such a
law ought to be passed. The committee were in
favor of adopting such a report, but they think
that this bill ought to pass immediately—that
these two offices ought to be provided for right
away. As I have said, no additional expense is
incurred by so doing. It is a mere matter of con-
venience to the people residing near those offices.
I think the bill ought to pass. I do not know that
there is a single objection to it. I agree with the
gentleman from Illinois, that there should be a
general bill, which shall provide that—say six
months'—notice shall be published in the neigh-
borhood of the closing of any land office, so that
persons may get their titles.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Allen] will allow the gentle-
man from New York time to answer the question
put to him by his colleague, [Mr. Harris.] That
gentleman inquired whether these bills had been
recommended, and received the approval of the
Department having the charge of this particular
subject'
Mr. HARRIS. That is the question I should
like to have answered.
Mr. ALLEN. I yield in order that it may be
answered.
Mr. BENNETT. I have not inquired at the
Department in reference to these cases myself;
butl understand that the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Walbridge,] who is now absent, did
present them. There is no written communica-
tion from the Department on the subject that X
know of.
Mr. HARRIS. I had a conversation with the
Secretary of the Interior on this Kalamazoo case,
and he informed me that it had never been recom-
mended by him.
Mr. BENNETT. It may be that it was the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to whom
the gentleman from Michigan presented the bill.
Mr. HARRIS. The proposition which the
gentleman has in view, that a certain length of
time beforehand notice shall be given that, a land
officc is to be closed, is not the proposition of
which I have spoken. The bill reported back
from his committee is, that the President shall
have, power to continue these offices. His prop-
osition is not that the President shall have power
to continue any office, but that a certain length
of time beforehand notice shall be given that a
land office is to be closed—a different thing al-
together. I think the gentleman, so far from
having his bill einbairasscd by the proposition
which I submitted to his consideration, would
secure its speedy passage. If that proposition
were adopted, I would vote for the bill; I cannot
do so now, because I think that it is partial and
unjust.
Mr. BENNETT. If this bill is not now passed
these offices will be discontinued.
Mr. HARRIS. And other offices are being dis-
continued every day that ought not to be discon-
tinued any more than these.
Mr. BENNETT. A general bill will, I am
sure, be introduced ill order to reach all these
cases.
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I see no reason
why these two offices should be made an exception
to all others. There is a land office in my district
which is now about being discontinued, and the
same reasons which operate in favor of the con-
tinuance of the land offices at Kalamazoo and Pal-
myra would as strongly operate 111 its favor. The
same injustice which may be done to the people
interested in matters connected with these offices
would be done," unless it is provided for, in the
case of the land office at Vandalia. I see 110 reason
why these particular land offices should be selected,
and" the immediate passage of a bill continuing
them urged upon the attention of the House at
this time. There are just as many contests arising
out of the swamp land and the graduation acts
in the land office at Vandalia as at cither of thebe
