494
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 29,
34th Cong....1st Scss.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bell.
Senate.
thirty-one Tears of sge. how does the honorable
Senator know that any part of the amount tound
by the jury was in consideration of the disability
alleged lo have been proved on the trial? My
friend from Delaware is a lawyer, and a distin-
fuished one; and 1 would ask him, how does he
now, or could he know, unless the verdict was
special, that tlie jury allowed nothing for the pro-
tracted sufferings of Lieutenant Maury ? or will
he deny thai (lie jury, in making up theirverdict,
ought to have made no allowance lor the disloca-
tion of the knee, the rending of tendons and lig-
aments, and the fracture ot bones?
The honorable Senator was not content to drop
this extraordinary and (he must allow me to nay)
most illiberal course of argument at this point.
But after reciting the judge's charge to the jury
on the trial in Ohio, from which it appeared that
a medical bill of about two hundred and fifty
dollars had been proved in the cause, he pro-
ceeded to rerd a paper furnished from the Navy
Department, as early as the 8th of January, and
be tore Lieutenant Maury had presented his me-
morial, in which it was slated that Lieutenant
Mniirr had been allowed, in the settlement of his
account, ££>< for exp'uditures incurred " in
mending let;," to use the phraseology of the of-
ficial statement; and from these facts the honor-
able Senator left it to be inferred that Lieutenant
Maury had been twice paid for expenditures in-
curred by him on account of medical attendance
—once by the Ohio jury, and again by the Navy
Department. The object of the honorable Sen-
ator in bringing these facts to the notice of the
Senate cannot be mistaken. Now, sir, we know,
from what had before been stated, connected with
the time (1840) and other circumstances con-
nected with the trial of the cause in Ohio, that
Lieutenant Maury could not have been present
at it; and I am authorized by him to state that he
had never seen or examined the report of that
trial, until after he was informed of the finding
of the naval board, when las attention was first
called to it by the suggestion of a friend, that the
suit he had instituted for damages for the inju-
ries he had received might have had something
to do with that finding. But, Bir, how can the
honorable Senator know that the jury included
any allowance for medical expenditures in their
finding, or how can any man know that fact,
except the jurors themselves?
For very obvious and cogent reasons, it may be
inferred that no such thing was done. Lawyers
of the first distinction and skill were of counsel
for the defendants in that cause, and they must
be presumed to hare known something of the
laws and regulations which prescribe the rights
of naval officers in such cases, and by which Lieu-
tenant Maury was as fairly and legally entitled
to be repaid nis reasonable expenditure for med-
ical attendance, while acting in obedience to orders,
as to his regular pay as an officer; and they must
be fairly presumed to have urged that argument to
the jury. If they were ignorant of those regula-
tions, and did not acquaint themselves with them
before the trial came on, they were not entitled to
the reputation which they sustained as learned
and skillful lawyers. But if the fact could be
established that the jury did actually include the
medical account exhibited on the trial, that would
not preclude Lieutenant Maury from demanding
what he was by law entitled to receive from the
Government on the same account. It was, to
every intent, a legal and subsisting claim against
the Government; and he might justly and with
honor receive it, though he nad been informed
that the jury had allowed the same claim in making
up their verdict—which, by-the-by, he did not,
and could not, know.
The honorable Senator from Delaware also
thought it his duty still further to enlighten the
Senate and the country, by holding up to their
notice the fact, that Lieutenant Maury had, in
1840, applied for and been allowed a pension of
#150, in consideration of the injuries he had re-
ceived. This claim stands precisely upon the
same ground of right with the allowance of the
medical charges to which he had been subjected.
The law allowed him both; and he had the same
right to demand both that Senators have to their
traveling and per diem pay. It is proper to state,
however, that the pension ceased many years
since. Mr. President, I do not know how such !
statements and arguments arrayed against Lieu- 1
tenant Maury strike other Senators; but it does
seem to nie that if lie had been a criminal arraigned
at the bar of a court of justice, lie could not have
been treated with more llliberality and harshness
than he has been.
My honorable friend from Delaware disavowed
—I have no doubt candidly—any intention to
attack Lieutenant Maury's personal honor and
integrity; but nevertheless tne drift of his argu-
ment, and his array of circumstances, and the
inferences which might be drawn from them, if
unanswered or unexplained, were calculated to
leave the impression on the public mind that
Lieutenant Maury has been guilty of some sort
of moral obliquity: or that,l y some means or
other, he had managed to thrust his hand into
the public Treasury, and draw money from it to
which he was not fairly and honorably entitled.
The policy of resorting to such arguments would
seem to be to supply uie defects and inadequacy
of all the other more legitimate grounds wliicn
have been assumed in justification of the finding
qf the naval board, and to present a sort of con-
glomerated testimony which would make its
defense complete.
The honorable Senator from Delaware arrayed
another, but kindred, class of facts connected with
the present employment of Lieutenant Maury,
which he supposed would have an important
bearing upon tlie decision to which the public
ought to come in relation to the action of the
board in his case. The Senator read, from the
same official paper to which I have before alluded,
that Lieutenant Maury receives $3,000 per annum
salary, as superintendent of the Observatory,
when his " pay proper" is $1,500—that he has
besides, a house free of rent, a vegetable garden
attached, and a public one-horse carry-all, in
which his family occasionally ride about the city;
and the Senator estimates the salary and these
allowances as equivalent to an annual compensa-
tion of $5,000. The Senator from Florida esti-
mated it at $4,500. I will not enter into an
examination of the correctness of their estimates.
The house he occupies, and the kitchen garden
attached, and especially if the use of the carry-all
be included, may be regarded by some as equiv-
alent to two thousand dollars, but not more than
five or seven hundred dollars, according to the
taste or judgment of others; but whatever may
be the true value of those allowances,! will under-
take to affirm that his whole compensation is not
more than sufficient for a decent support of him-
self and family.
• But, sir, suppose that Lieutenant Maury's
compensation was $10,000 a year; what would
that have to do with the finding of the naval
board ? Would that be a consideration which
ought to have had any weight in deciding upon
his competency and efficiency as a naval officer?
Or haftl come to this, that the loss of profes-
sional reputation and the prospect of future pro-
motion in the Navy are to be estimated in dollars
and cents ?
But, sir, the compensation allowed to Lieuten-
antMaury,as superintendent of the Observatory,
is spoken of by both the honorable Senators who
have undertaken to show that he has no just
ground to complain of the finding of the naval
board, as something altogether exclusive, and
out of the usual allowances to officers of the Navy
who occupy the principal shore stations. They
have never thought it material to remind the
Senate that the captains-commandants of our
navy-yards have a salary of $3,500, with a house
rent free, and in most cases a vegetable garden
attached; that the allowances of superintendents
of the naval hospitals and the Naval Academy are
upon the same footing; nor have any thought
proper to state that every officer of the Navy,
when on service at sea, from the grade of mid-
shipman to that of a commodore, besides his
regular pay, iias his quarters furnished at the
public expense; and though he has no kitchen
garden attached, he is allowed fuel, lights, ra-
tions, and servants—the most expensive articles
of living ashore—which Lieutenant Maury has
; to supply out of his own pocket.
To listen to the speeches of my friends from
ii Florida and Delaware, or to that portion of them
which they have devoted to Lieutenant Maury,
one who is not fumiliar with the provisions of the
late law, or who has not considered the effect of
the proceedings of the naval board, would sup-
pose ihut Lieutenant Maury is left in the enjoy-
ment of his position as superintendent of* the
Observatory, and of the emoluments attached to
it, by the hliernlity of that board. But, sir, the
board is entitled to no such credit; and the extent
of their generosity towards him, distinguished as
he is by eminent service, will be told when itis
stated that they recommended him to be placed on
the leave-pay list, with a salary of $1,200, with-
out the hope of promotiou or of any increased
compensation whatever.
Sir, Lieutenant Maury balds his present em-
ployment by the favor 9^ at the discretion
of the Secretary of the Navy. He can be re-
moved from it at any moment the Secretary or
the President shall think proper. He is, in fact,
reduced, by the finding of the board, to absolute
dependence upon executive favor for any em-
ployment whatever under the Government. 1
nave heard the remark repeatedly made, that there
is no danger that Lieutenant Maury will be re-
moved from his present employment. I do not
know that; nor can Lieutenant Maury, or any
of his friends, feel any such security. I do not
believe that the present Secretary of the Navy
has any such intention; but, sir, if that excellent
officer could be influenced by the representations
of my friend from Delaware, he may change his
present favorable opinion of Lieutenant Maury.
That honorable Senator took some pains to show
that Lieutenant Maury had assailed and charged
the Secretary with a failure to do "his duty, and
with ignorance of the law;" and for that purpose
quoted from his memorial this passage: "There
is reason to believe that some members of the
board misconceived their duty, and took the Sec-
retary of the Navy's regulations for instructions.
If so, their findings under them were illegal."
The law, it is clear, gives no authority to the
Secretary of the Navy to instruct the board in
their findings, but simply to regulate their pro-
ceedings. The Secretary has never claimed the
authority to instruct; ana was it disrespectful in
Lieutenant Maury to say that the regulations of
the Secretary had been misconceived by the board ?
If Lieutenant Maurv had, contrary to his duty
as an officer, shown disrespect to the Secretary
of the Navy, there were laws and regulations by
which he could have, and doubtless would have,
protected the dignity of his official position without
any prompting on the part of my friend from
Delaware. "l3ut what has the question of Lieu-
tenant Maury's course towards the Secretary to
do with the finding of the naval board ? If he had
been guilty of mutiny inst^Kd of an alleged act of
disrespect, the board could have had no cogni-
zance of it. It was altogether an ex post facto
affair; and I can see no motive or object in the
remarks of my friend from Delaware, for my
part, unless it was to incense the Secretary against
Lieutenant Maury, or to prejudice him m the
public mind.
My friends from Florida and Delaware, in the
course of their remarks on the point of Lieu-
tenant Maury's physical competency to do effi-
cient service at sea, insisted that he could not
board a ship. It may be true, that Lieutenant
Maury's physical strength may have been slight-
ly diminished by having his leg fractured, Dut
there are degrees of efficiency in all branches of
active service among officers dependent upon
their relative physical constitution; and what
Lieutenant Maury thought of his efficiency in tho
performance of all his duties he furnished tne best
evidence of by applying for service in the Mex-
ican war. Mr. Mason was Secretary of the Navy
at that time. He is now out of the country.
That his successors, Messrs. Preston, Graham,
and Kennedy, were not influenced by any opin-
ion of his physical disability in not ordering him
to sea during their respective administrations of
the Navy Department, I beg leave to read the
copy of a letter addressed to each of them by
Lieutenant Maury, and their replies:
Observatory, Washington, March 28,1856.
Sir : Will you do me the favor to state why, when you
were Secretary of the Navy, you did not order me to sea?
Was it because I did not apply? or was it because you con-
