1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
two offices; and there are there probably just as
many uncalled-for patents as at Kalamazoo and
Palmyra. If there is reason for the continuance
of the land offices at those places, then the same
reason applies with equal force to the land office
at Yandaha. The same reason will also apply
to other land offices in the State of Illinois, which
I have the honor in part to represent. There are
other offices there which are now about being dis-
continued; and it does seem to me that we are
doing injustice to the citizens who are interested
in the affairs of these other offices, by specially
selecting the offices at Kalamazoo and Palmyra,
and passing a special bill for their relief. While
you refuse to do the same meed of justice to the
office at Vandalia and other land officcs, there can
be no reason why this bill should be urged for the
relief of these two offices in Michigan. I under-
stand that no recommendation has been made by
the Department for the passage of this bill.
Mr. LINDLEY. Has any application been
made to the gentleman from Illinois by the citi-
zens of that land district to have it continued?
Mr. ALLEN. No, sir.
Mr. LINDLEY. In the two cases provided
for by the bill, applications from the people have
been received which show that the operation of
the law presses harder on them than upon the
gentleman's constituents.
.Mr. ALLEN. I will state that the people of
my district intend to abide by the law of the land
as it is; and where they neglect to call for pat-
ents and to prosecute their contests, they are
willing to be put to the additional inconvenience
of going to Springfield to have these matters at-
tended to. If Congress affords relief to the people
of the land districts of Kalamazoo and Palmyra,
they ought to afford the same relief to the people
of my district and other land districts of the
State of Illinois and of the West. There is
nothing in the reason which has been urged by
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
that the exigency of this case requires the imme-
diate passage of this bill, which does not apply to
other cases, fop scarcely a week passes that some
land office in the West is not discontinued.
In view of these facts, then, 1 do not believe
that the bill ought to pass. I believe that it ought
to be recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands, with instructions to report a bill that will
afford relief to the people of all land districts
similarly situated. I make the motion to recom-
mit; and 1 call for the previous question.
The House was divided on the call for the pre-
vious question;and therewere—ayes 59, noes 50.
Mr. PHELPS. As there is no quorum voting,
1 call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Phelps and
Ritchie were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 90, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the motion, that the bill with the amendments be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and be printed.
Mr. ALLEN. My motion was, that the bill
be referred back to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Harris,] to refer to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
takes precedence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tellers
on that motion.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Hughs>ton
and B'lorenck were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 20, noes 95—no quorum voting.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 64, nays 80; as fol-
lows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Boyce, Branch, Biooks, Cadwalader, Williamson
R. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, Davidson, Oowdell, Ed-
mmidson, Elliott, English, Ethmdge, Florence, Foster^
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Thomas
L. JIarus, Haven, Hjckman, Houston, George W.Jones,
J. (Jlaney .Tones, Keitt, Kelly, Knox, Kunkel, Leiter,
Letcher, Lumpkm, Samuel S. Marshall, Millson, Noiton,
Andiew Oliver, Orr, Pame, Pearco, Purvear, Uuiiman,
Roodo, Ritchie, Rivers, Ruffin, Rust, Scott, Seward, Shorter,
William Smith, Stephens, Talbott, Todd, Tyson, Warner,
Watkms, Williams, Winslow, Woodworth, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V Wright—64.
NAYS — Messrs. Barbour, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bil-
linghnrst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshavv, BrentQn,
Broom, Burlmgame, James H. Campbell, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle, Caruthers, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Colfax, Comms, Covodc, Co*, Cumback,
Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Day, Dick, Dodd,
Dunn, Edwards, Emrie, Flaglor, Granger, Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Harrison, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight,
Lindley, Humphrey Marshall, Meacham, Kilhan Miller,
Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Parker, Pelton,
Pennington, Peny, Phelps, Pike, Portei, Purvianee, Bob-
bins, Sabm, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Swope,
Thorington, Thurston, Trafton, Wade, Waklrou, Elhbu B-
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, aud Woodruff— 80.
So Mr. Harris's motion was disagreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. DAY stated that Mr. Nichols had paired
off for two weeks with Mr. Williams, upon all
question relating to the Kansas matter.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Ai.i.EN,it was put; and there were, upon acou&t—
ayes 58, noes 56; whereupon,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Perry, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 05, noes 65.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the neg-
ative.
Mr. ALLEN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would inquire
if the morning hour has expired?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I then move that the rule
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. I believe the previous question has been
seconded, and the main question ordered to be
put. If so, that will carry this matter beyond
the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken.
The question being on the motion to recommit
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands, it was
put, with the following result—yeas 72, nays 72;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Alien, Barkskale, Hendley S.
Bennett, Boyce, Branch, Brooks, Cadwaiadcr, John P.
Campbell, Cimgman, Williamson R.W. Cobb, Craige, Craw-
foid, Cumback, Davtd-on, Henry Winter Davis, Denver,
Powdell, Dunn, Edwards, Elliott, English, Etheridge,
Flagler, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Greeu-
wood, Grow, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
L. Hums Haven, Hickman, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jone , Keitt, Kelly, Knox, Leiter, Letcher, Lindley,
Lmnpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller,
Million, Andrew Oliver, Oir, Quitman, Ritchie, Ruffin,
Savage, Seott, Seward, Shorter, Wilh.un'SmRh, Stephens,
Stewart, Talhntt, Taylor,Todd, Tyson, Watner,Elhhu B.
Wa-hlmrne, Watkms, Wells. Williams, Winslow, Daniel
U. Wnght, and John V. Wright—7:2.
NAYS — Baibour, Iicnry Bennett, Benson, Bil-
linghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss Bradshaw, Bienton,
Bioom, Burlmgaine, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Cathie, Chaffee, EziaClaik, Clawson, Colfax, Com-
ms, Cox, Dick, Dodd, Emrie, Granger. Robert B. Hall, J.
Morrison Han is, Harrison, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas
R. Iloiton, Howard, Hughston, Kelsey, Kennett, King,
Knapp, Knight, Alexander K. Murf-hall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Meacham, Millward,Morgan,Morrill, Mott, Murray,
Mordecai Oliver, Paine, Parker, Pennington, Perry, Pike,
Porter, Purviance, Purvear, Reade, Rivers, Robbms, Rob-
eits, Sabin, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Strana-
han, Swope, Thorington, Thurston, Wakeman, Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washbume, Israel Washburn, and Wood-
ruff—72.
The SPEAKER. The Chair votes in the nega-
tive.
So the House refused to recommit the bill.
The SPEAKER. The House having refused
to recommit the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands, the question recurs on agreeing to the
amendment, and then on ordering the bill to a
third reading.
Mr. ALLEN. I move to lay the bill and
amendment on the table, and on that motion I
ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to make an
appeal to the gentleman from Illinois, to with-
draw his motion to lay on the table, and let this
bill be postponed. *
The SPEAKER. The previous question pre-
cludes the motion to postpone.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I am satisfied that some
general legislation ought to take placc in reference
to this matter, and I therefore move to reconsider
the vote by which the House refused ro commit
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would inquire
whether the gentleman from Arkansas voted with
the prevailing side on the motion ?
Mr. GREENWOOD. I really do not know—*
wfcre the yeas and nays taken on it?
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays werer
taken, and the Chair is informed that the gentle-'
man from Arkansas voted with theminority. He-
is, therefore, not entitled to move to reconsider.
The question recurs on the motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. t Before the
vote be taken on that motion, I wish to state
here, that if gentlemen desire it—and perhaps it
is the better way—I am willing, by general con-
sent, to have this matter referred back to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I hope general consent
will be given to that.
Mr. BENNETT I understand that the oppo-
sition to the bill chiefly arises from the sentiment,
that the same benefits proposed to be extended to
the land offices of Kalamazoo ar.d Palmyra ought
to be extended to other land offices, if that bo
the ground of opposition, I hope that by general
consent the bill will be referred back to "the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. I will there try to get
a bill which will satisfy all these offices, bv re-
quiring notices, or by some other form; and the.
difficulty will thus be obviated. I submit a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to recommit the bill to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The question was taken, and the vote was re-
considered.
The question recurring on the motion to recom-
mit the bill, it was put; and the motion was agreed
to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dicklvs, Esq., their Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate had passed
the following bills; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House:
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to change the names of vessels in certain cases;
and
An act relating to pilotage.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mr. MEACHAM. In the nominations of Re-
gents of the Smithsonian Institution made by the
Speaker this morning, 1 find that my name stands
in the list. I feel grateful to you, Mr. Speaker,
for the honor thus conferred upon me; but I beg
of you to erase my name, and appoint some other
member of this House. I have two or three rea-
sons for making this request. In the first place,
I have enjoyed the honor and borne the burden
of that position for a period of four years; and I
think it better that the duty should circulate among
different members of the body, and that it should
not remain stationary. I have another reason for
asking to be excused. You, sir, have already-
placed me in a position on a committee of this
House which demands all my attention. I will
not conceal that I have another reason, which I
shall take another time to explain. It is, that I
cannot approve the present course of that insti-
tution, if it have any course, and is not merely
standing still and marking time—the mere mock-
ery of motion. It is not producing that impres-
sion upon the country and people which it ought
to make. I cannot consent, and will not consent,
to follow an institution whose leader is smitten
with chronic monomania on a single subject—an
institution whose line of march,as 1 believe, runs
athwart the line of law by which it holds its ex-
istence. I, therefore, beg of you to accept my
thanks and resignation.
There being no objection, Mr. Meacham's res-
ignation was accepted.
LAND OFFICES IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. BENNETT, from the Committee onPub^
lie Lands, reported a bill establishing two new
land offices in the Territory of Minnesota; which
was read a first and second time by its. title, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
