1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21 OS
Mr. PEARCE. We do buy special arms occa-
sionally, but we find it to our interest to manu-
facture for ourselves in general. As to cannon,
we have no founderyinthe United States, except
the experimental one of Lieutenant Dahlgren,
at the navy-yard here. The Senator then was
an advocate of the employment of those persons
regularly devoted to the service of the Govern-
ment in these things. A few days ago he thought
we ought not to build ships in our n'avy-yards,
but give employment in this line to private con-
tractors, which is a great mistake, by-the-by, and
t think the experience of the next few months
will conclusively show the mistake. We have
tried that experiment, with what advantage the
country will soon see. I will stake any reputa-
tion I may have for common sense, that the eyes
of those who talk about old fogy constructors in
the service of the Government, will be opened in
a short time.
Now the Senator seems to think that we ought
not to have any military superintendence, but
should return to the exploded system of civil
supervision. I have heard no good reason as-
signed for it. He has not evidenced any com-
plaint but the single representation of a man
unknown, who wanted to know why they should
have military instead of civil superintendents.
Well, sir, we have a military man superintending,
but we have no military superintendence in the
proper sense of the word. There is no enforce-
ment of military discipline, no enforcement of
military respect, or of military habits—nothing
at all but the enforcement of that sort of disci-
pline which ought to prevail, and does prevail, in
every well-regulated civil establishment. All this
clamor about military superintendence has no
other foundation than the fact, that an officer of
engineers performs the same duties required of a
civilian.
As to ventilation: The gentleman is facetious
about blowing up, and all that; but I am informed,
and I have no doubt it is true, that the plan of
ventilation which is adopted in the wings of the
Capitol, has not only been successful in the
Houses of Parliament, as I mentioned before, but
has been introduced successfully, and is being
introduced wherever they have the means of doing
it, into a class of buildings which, perhaps, are
constructed with more attention to fitness and
right rule than any m the country;—I mean the
insane asylums, where ventilation is an important
thing. In a number of those asylums, the very
same plan of ventilation proposed heie has been
introduced. I think that is good evidence of its
practicability and advantages.
While I am up, I will make a correction of
another erroneous statement on this subject,
which I intended before to notice, but forgot to
do so. An honorable gentleman of the other
House, 110 doubt on information which he be-
lieved satisfactory, stated that the present super-
intendent had added two hundred columns to
those in the original plan of this building. I have
ascertained the fact to be, that, so far from having
added two hundred columns, he has largely re-
duced the number of columns. There were, in
the original plan, ninety-six columns estimated
for the great porticos, but they were to have
wooden roofs and plaster ceilings. These he
thought were inappropriate, as every architect,
I presume, would think. He thought the roots
ought to be of metal, and the ceilings of marble,
and it was so determined; and as the ceilings
were to be made of marble, it was deemed neces-
sary to put up two more columns on each eastern
portico, to sustain the additional weight; so that
the exterior columns have been increased from
ninety-six to one hundred, it is true, but then
there has been a reduction of sixty columns in
the interior of the building. Thus, instead of
there having been an addition of two hundred
columns to the whole building, there has been
actually a diminution of fifty-six.
Mr. RRODHEAD. There is one view of the
subject which I beg leave to present in addition
to those so well stated by the Senator from Mary-
land. The proposition which comes from the
House is aimed principally at two gentlemen now
in the public service, Captain Meigs, who has
charge of the Capitol extension, and Captain
Bowman, a citizen of Pennsylvania, and constit-
uent of mine, who has charge of all the custom-
houses, marine hospitals, post offices, and other
public buildings throughout the country, under
the direction of the Treasury Department. The
House of Representatives recently raised a com-
mittee for the purpose of investigating the pro-
ceedings of Captain Bowman, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury; and without
laying the testimony before the House, without
completing that investigation, they rendered judg-
ment and endeavored to turn him out of office by
this provision. That is the proposition as it comes
to us from the House.
Now, sir, I venture to say there is nothing in
that investigation which touches either the in-
tegrity of the Secretary of the Treasury or of
Captain Bowman, who has charge of the differ-
ent public structures under that Department. He
has been for twenty or thirty years in the public
service. He is as high-minded and true a man,
as competent an engineer, and as competent a
mechanic too, permit me to inform the Senator
from New Hampshire, as ever wore a hat. There
is nothing in the testimony which has been eli-
cited before that committee which he would with-
hold from the public for a moment. Is it right
to arraign a public officer, and before his defense
is put in, ay, before half the testimony is re-
ceived, to render judgment against him and turn
him out of office ? It is clearly unjust. Captain
Bowman, by a regulation of the military service,
can enter into no controversy of this kind; yet
they are investigating his conduct and proceed-
ing against him before a committee of the House
of Representatives, and propose to turn him out
of office, when they dare not submit the testi-
mony which they have already taken. That in-
vestigation, I believe, was commenced for polit-
ical purposes. It will end in the triumphant vin-
dication, not only of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, but of Captain Bowman and the other offi-
cers having charge of the construction of these
buildings. This is the view of the subject which
I took the floor to present.
Now, sir, what shall we gain by this change ?
These buildings are being constructed. It is pro-
posed to turn out of office, without allegations, i
without charges, or at any rate without charges |
that are proved, those entrusted with their super- j
intendence. No gentleman on this floor has
undertaken to make a charge against either the
head of the War Department, or the Treasury
Department, or against any officer having the
superintendence of these public buildings under
those Departments. The buildings are half up.
Under such circumstances it is proposed to put
in their places new men unacquainted with the
proceedings up to this time, who must learn the
business over again. You cannot get a man from
civil life to take Captain Meigs's place for less
than ten thousand dollars a year, and " stealings"
besides.
A Senator. How much are they ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not know; but they
are considerable whenever you let out work of
this kind to private jobbers. Captain Meigs has
nothing but his pay and emoluments as an officer
of the Army. He does not get one fifth what
you would be obliged to pay another individual.
The work on the Capitol has been successfully
prosecuted under Captain Meigs, and the other
structures have been successfully prosecuted
under Captain Bowman, so far as I know.
Then what do we gam by making this change?
Nothing whatever. The" Senator from New
Hampshire informs us that mechanics ought to
be employed under mechanics. Why, sir, they
never objected to this. Some gentleman came to
him about it, whose name was not mentioned,
and that is the only one. I have not heard of
mechanics' complaints. They have sent no me-
morial here. They are entirely satisfied. The j
work is going on. Why should we make this '
rude change on mere rumor, and that rumor got
up by interested persons for the purpose of dis-
missing these faithful officers, so that they may
get their places, on charges made for political
purposes in the House of Representatives? I
hope the amendment proposed by the Committee
on Finance will prevail, and that this clause in
the bill of the House of Representatives will be j
stricken out. i
Mr. PEARCE. I beg the Senate to indulge |
me for a single moment, while I make a reply
which I had intended making, but which escaped |
me before, (as I took no notes,) to the Senator 1
from New Hampshire. He spoke about the free
air of heaven which God had given us, and
wanted to know wny we could not take it as he
had given it to us? Well, sir, when we take it
as God has given it to us, we must take it under
the conditions with which He has given it to us.
We must take it, not in a house built with hands,
but in that only house which he has furnished—
the surface of the broad earth, with its carpet of
green, and canopy of blue, and glittering of stars.
If we are to take the air only as Heaven gives it
to us, we must desert the Capitol. If not, if we
will sit here, we must obviate by artificial means
the inconveniences to which all human structures!
are liable. Heaven, which sends the warmth of
summer, decrees also the cold rigors of winter.
Would the Senator have us sit here without fur-
naces or fireplaces to dispel these rigors, because
nature ordains them, and we must take them aa
they were sent? Heaven gives us air, the Senator
says, and therefore our Senate Chamber must be
supplied with it only through windows in the
walls. Does Providence make the windows any
more than the walls?
This sort of talk is unworthy of the Senator,
and disparages himself, because his intellect is
above all such puerilities. When we occupy a
great house like this, and filled with such assem-
blies as are usually found here, we must guard
against the ill effects of confined and heated air,
and supply ample ventilation by the best known
means. This must be supplied otherwise than
through windows which we know to be insuffi-
cient in summer, and which, if open in winter,
would freeze out of us all these fancies, that the
provisions of nature must be accepted without
attempting to ameliorate them.
Mr. HALE. 1 will not detain the Senate; but
I want to say a word m answer to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, because the tenor of his
remarks leads mc to believe that he thought I
wished to put myself in the attitude of attacking
Captain Meigs or Captain Bowman. I disclaim
it entirely. Captain Meigs I have seen once or
twice; bul if I ever heard Captain Bowman's
name until it was spoken by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, it entirely escaped me. I did not
know there was such a man on the face of the
earth, though I may possibly have heard his
! name. I disclaim entirely any purpose of attack-
ing them, and do not want any such issue.
' Now as to my friend from Maryland. lean
never deal with him in a matter of rhetoric; he
always beats me decidedly in that; and no doubt
it was a very weak allusion which I made; but
let me tell an anecdote. The late chief justice
Parker, of Massachusetts, said he did not know -
but one thing on earth which was more foolishthan
masonry,and that was anti-masonry. [Laughter.]
I will give up my suggestion; for the free air was
weak; but I ccrtainly think the answer to it goes
to the comparative, if not the superlative degree.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I shall vote
against the amendment offered by the committee,
and I shall do it oil general principles. It seems
to me that the policy recently adopted m Con-
gress is to put the whole power of this Govern-
ment under the control of the War Department.
We cannot improve a harbor or river, we cannot
propose a railway to the Pacific, we cannot even
propose a wagon road to the Pacific, without
patting it under the control of the War Depart-
ment. That Department, it seems, wields nearly
the whole of the Government, and it loses none
of the power intrusted to it, under the adminis-
tration of the gentleman who now administers it.
The House of Representatives propose to take
the public buildings from the War Department,
and place them under the control of the Depart-
ment of the Interior. If Senators will look to the
law establishing the Department of the Interior,
they will see that, by a just interpretation of the
provisions of that law, that Department should
have the construction and care of the public
buildings of th# country.
I join in no denunciations against Captain
Meigs, or any other officer detailed by the Secre-
tary of War to superintend the construction of
public buildings. 1 shall act upon general prin-
ciples of public policy—principles that I shall
adhere to at all times. I am opposed to increas-.
ing the already too great powers of the War
i Department, and I am decidedly opposed to
