1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15.
a judicial capacity construing this law, he would
give it no such interpretation, when the law states
that a man " knowingly" committing: ajj, offense
shall be subject to a penalty. I consider that the
word "knowingly" embraces everything that
" willfully and corruptly" would embrace. I am
not sure that the insertion of the three words in
the connection in which it is proposed to insert
them might not be construed to mean different
things—that thay might not be considered as
synonymous—but as having separate applica-
tions. I am not sure but the word (i corruptly"
might be construed to mean "from lucrative con-
siderations." If that interpretation were to be
applied to the action of the commissioners, it
would defeat the object of the Legislature in
passing the bill.
Now, sir, when we speak of a man knowingly
committing an offense, or when we speak of a
man knowingly refusing to doaccrtain act, what
do we mean? Certainly we intend to convcy the
idea that the man committed the offense knowing
all the circumstances constituting the offense.
Does my friend from Itentucky argue, as he did,
that,that embraces a knowledge of the law as.
well as of the qualification of the voter? Assur-
edly not. I undertake to say, that if the com-
missionersof election should deliberately adjudge
that a particular class of men were not entitled
to vote, even though they might render an erro-
neous judgment, yet they would not make them-
selves liable to the penalty of the law. hut tlir-y
would be liable to the penalty of the law in such
a case as this, where they admitted men of par-
ticular qualifications, and undertook to exclude
one man of the same qualifications knowing he
possessed these qualifications. Then, sir, there
would be a case of crime or misdemeanor under
the law. But if, as a body of commissioners,
they should adjudge that a particular descrip-
tion of voters were not qualified voters and should
reject all who came within that description, then
unquestionably they would not be liable to a crim-
inal prosecution; for, although they might err in
their construction of the right of voters, it would
be a mere judicial error, subjecting them to no
punishment or nenalty whatever.
1 say, then, that I see no reason whatever for
delaying further notion on this bill by a reference
of it to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. It provides for a few existing
evils—evils which are admitted to be evils—the
correction of which ali demand; and I do not sec
why gentlemen exhibit so much stern opposition
to a bill intended to produce these valuable results,
merely because it does not go to the extent they
may desire to go, and provide for other objects,
which they may, I ha\e no doubt very sincerely,
wish to accomplish, and which they may accom-
plish, if that be t-iie pleasure of both Houses of
Congress, by a distinct bill.
And here I take occasion to say, that it is
always better to detach subjects of legislation as
far as possible, and not to embrace too many sub-
jects m the same bill. This—as it is generally
called—omnibus species of legislation is liable to
many objections. U involves a species of log-
rolling winch very frequently secures the passage
of objectionable bills, or objectionable features of
a bill, from the desire to pass others associated
with them; and, whenever it can be done, it is
better to separate these subjects of legislation and
consider them separately. I call, then, on gen-
tlemen to examine this bill before committing it.
Mr. IjOCOCK". My colleague has finished his
remarks on the subject; and if he will allow me,
I will, through him, put a question to the Speaker
in reference to the elfect of tlie adoption of the
motion to commit.
Air. MILLSON. X yield for that purpose.
Mr. BOCOCK. Gentlemen have stated that
it has been already decided at this session that
a special order may be set aside, and another
subject taken up. My friend from Tennessee
has stated that the decision was incorrect, and [
agree with lnm. But it is the decision, and 1 i
presume it will be again acted on. Now, even j
under that decision, if this bill goes to the Com- I
mittee of the "Whole, thirty members of this j
House can absolutely prevent its being considered I
nor only before the day of election, but to the ]
end of the session. I appeal to you, Mr. Speaker, '
to say whether, under the decision to which 1
have referred, it is not necessary to take up every
appropriation bill, and then, having severally set
them aside, take up severally, and set aside all
the bills on the Calendar, before this one. Thirty
members can call the yeas and nays.
A Member. Not in committee.
Mr. BOCOCK. No; I beg pardon—the yeas
and nays cannot be ordered in committee. Thirty
men can, however, order tellers. Now, what will
be the condition of things in committee when we
go there ? The first business in order will be an
appropriation bill. My friend from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] will rise and say that he desires that
that bill shall notbesetasLde. He calls for tellers.
They are ordered. That bill having been set
aside, another conies up, and there is a separate
vote by tellers on setting that aside; and so with
every other bill. Enough of time can be taken
up in this way to consume each day's session,
and thus prevent this bill from being taken up.
Let us see. If eighteen bills are set aside, and
the House then adjourns without coming to this
bill, on the next day's session the committee does
notcommencc to sot aside where it left off; but
under the decisions made repeatedly on this sub-
ject, it commences with the first appropriation
bill, and so on down. So, unless in one day's
session every bill is set aside which has prece-
dence of this, we have to commence de novo. In
my humble opinion, then, a motion 'to refer, if
curried, is to defeat the bill; and I fear that it is
intended to defeat it by this means.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Vnginia is wrong about that. How was
the Nebiaska bill taken up?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. By setting aside
the bills before it on the Calendar, one by one.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 have no special care about
the fate of this bill, further than it may tend to
effect objects which I think are desirable to all.
I have conversed with scarcely any of the resi-
dents of the city of Washington in reference to
it, and with none, I believe, until yesterday; and
1 judge that there is a very general desire that
Congress should provide such means for con-
ducting the coming elections peaceably as would
prevent those evils which were manifested here
during the progress of a late election. I am 111-
foimed, sir, that a laige number of the voters of
this city were unable to cast their votes at the
last election in consequence of the insufficient
number of voting places, and the late hour at
which the voting commenced. Are gentlemen
willing to hold themselves responsible for all the
violations of order, for all the breaches of the
peace, for the scenes, it may be of bloodshed,
which may be witnessed at the coming election,
unless some means be taken to guaid against
those evils which this bill undertakes to remove?
I hope, sir, that the population of Washington
city is too orderly to justify a well-grounded ap-
prehension that such scenes will be enacted. But
those scenes are possible, and it is our duty to
remove the occasion for them by every means
which may he in our power. No man can object,
or ought to object, or can urge any objection that
ought to command the sympathy of this House,
to any of the provisions of this bill. The bill has
been considered in the House, and we shall
waste time now by referring it to the Committee
of the Whole. We should possibly forget the
results of our recent examination. Let us, then,
take the bill as it is. I have no objection to the
insertion of the words'-willfully and corruptly,"
as suggested by the gentleman from Alabama,
though i think them unnecessary, and in some
inspect, perhaps, tending to dilute the bill. Yet i
have no objection to them, because I think the
ofliec of commissioner of elections is one so in-
vidious in its own nature as not to warrant us m
1 imposing unreasonable penalties upon those who
! discharge its duties. X am not m favor of sub-
i jecting them to severe penalties; and it is only in
j cases "of willful offense that I would subject them
i to penalties at all. And it is because I do believe
i that the existing word " knowingly" does pro-
vide sutliciently against the evil feared by the
gentleman from Alabama, that I am willing to
take the bill as it is; yet, I tell him now, if the
S House is willing to insert his amendment, I will
| vote for the bill most cheerfully, even though the
I words iC willfully and corruptly" be inserted in
| it. That being done, I see no other objection,
j which gentlemen have alluded to m the existing
II provisions of the bill. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky does not pretend that there is anything in
the law itself which makes a discrimination such
as he describes. That being so, I trust the House
will proceed at once to dispose of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The existing Ad-
ministration seems to have degenerated into a
superintendent of municipal elections. Forabout
one month we have had, time and again, objec-
tion to every attempt to consider business out of
the regular parliamentary order by the resistance
of that stern Democrat, my friend from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Jones.] It is to be supposed, of course,
that that gentleman must have had some very
grave reasons to induce him to do violence to the
courtesy of his own nature—that some great ob-
ject must have induced his stern refusal of his
ordinarycourtesy so repeatedly to gentlemen who
have sought it.
I desire to inquire what has occasioned this
course? and perhaps in that pursuit we may find
why it is that so much importance is attached to
this bill touching the municipal elections of the
city of Washington.
It has been repeatedly said in this House, that
the corporation authorities—that men of all par-
ties are in favor of, not some bill—not some
alteration of the existing law—but of this bill now
under consideration. I say, sir, there has been
no expression on the part of any corporate au-
thorities in favor of the passage of this bill; but,
on the contrary, I have in my hand—which I
shall, before I finish my remarks, send up to the
Clerk to have read—a remonstrance, on the part
of-those authorities, against the passage of any
such law.
if, therefore, there be no application for the
passage of this law, we arc relieved from the
necessity of considering the weight we ought to
attribute to the application of parties who are to
be governed by the law; and we are at liberty to
ask the question, whether there is any existing
evil which this bill remedies, or any future good
which this bill accomplishes, which ought to in-
duce us to change the existing law, passed in
1848, and which, down to this time, no great body
of the men of the city of Washington have found
to interfere with their civil, political, or religious
rights. If there be no other object to be accom-
plished by it, we may be led to surmise that
there is a political purpose—that it is to break or
bend the independence of the judicial opinion of
the commissioners of election into conformity to
an interpretation of the existing law which, in
their opinion, it will not bear, and which it has
been attempted to enact here by the first section
of the original bill now stricken out and aban-
doned.
Where did this bill come from ? It is said that
it was recommended by certain officials to a com-
mittee of the Senate. But whosoever recom-
mended it, in its origin it came from the Senate
committee. As it came from the committee, it
proposes a radical alteration in the suffrage law,
and in defining the qualification of voters. It
was not, as the honorable gentleman from Ver-
mont supposes, because we objected to the gen-
eral form of that section, but because we desired to
insert an additional clause, that the only contro-
versy which has arisen in this House did arise.
No man objected to the change proposed touch-
ing the registration. "We were earnestly in its
favor. That, therefore, was not the reason for
strikingout the first clause. It is possible that it
was dropped because they found that they could
not pass it in the shape they desired.
The penalties would incorporate the extra-judi-
cial interpretation of the existing law into* that
law; the penalties, therefore, were allowed to
supply the place of the missing section.
We have had some discussion here as to what
is the interpretation of the existing law. I de-
sire to lay that law distinctly before the House.
The existing law provides:
i: That every fre« win re male citizen who shall bavp re-
sided one year previou>ly, and who shall have been logis-
teied and paid a tax a^e-^ed on the ol*t ot December lor
the jcar pieviou-., squill vote at the Juno election.,}
The first difference between the court and the
judges of election is as to the meaning of the
words "free white male citizen" in connection
with the residence. The commissioners of elec-
tion decided that the residence was required of a
person having the quality of citizen. He is not
described, as most of our constitutions describe
