496
APPENDI# CJt^R^IONAtJ MiOfie.
[May 1,
34th Cchto....1st Sess.
Slavery—Kansas—Parties thereon—Mr. Maxwell.
Ho. of Reps.
show us the real condition of the negro in the
several states of slavery, barbarism, and free-
dom, the southern mind (more of l&te years
than before) is generally adopting the conclusion
that the institution is a positive good. Thus radi-
cally opposed in opinion, and there being no like-
lihood that they will ever agree—for the more
this subject is discussed and agitated, especially
under the prejudices and passions which inflame
large portions of the people on both sides, the
wider will grow the separation of their minds—
what can be done to prevent that ultimate fearful
conflict which such antagonism fbrbodes ? Will
you legislate upon the assumption that one is
wrong and the other right ? Consider the con-
dition into which this controversy is brought, and
I think gentlemen will be ready to agree with me
that such legislation would not be tolerated on
either side. Reconcilement of belief is impossible;
persistence in angry strife will be fhtal; and the
question is, where the parties can meet to gain
escape, saving both the Constitution and the
Union ?
On both sides, sir, the watchword of the day
is " aggression!" Northern men complain of it,
and the South complains of it—the former, be-
cause of a supposed right to hold and keep com-
mon territory free from the introduction of slavery,
which right, it is alleged, has been violated by
the adoption of a policy which renders slavery
possible in the Territories; the latter, because of
a claim to equal participation in the benefits and
enjoyments of that common territory, which is
sought to be denied by anti-slavery provisoes and
prohibitions. The course of argument pursued
by gentlemen on the other side shows that if we
look to the Constitution for something pertaining
to the issue thus made, so express and positive
as that no one may be misled in regard .to it, we
will look in vain. The express words are not
there to tell us what was intended. Perhaps it was
not anticipated that such an issue would arise.
Perhaps, if anticipated, it was hoped that it Would
be decided in a spirit of justice, equality, and
forbearing patriotism, such as had brought forth
and finished the Constitution itself.
But, though nothing express and positive can
be found to decide this point, what we do know
is, that there is nothing in the Constitution to
forbid the equal enjoyment of common Territory
by all citizens of the United States, and nothing
to authorize Congress to forbid it. That, as a
general proposition, would not be denied even by
those gentlemen who are so adverse to the insti-
tution of slavery. We know further that the
spirit in which that Constitution was adopted,
was one of toleration of all conflicting interests
and all conflicting views of policy; ana also, that
it was intended that those acting under tfie Con-
stitution should be guarded jealously against in-
flicting anything like State or sectional inequality.
And yet further: in order that its hand might be
staid from the exercise of any but impartial
power, it was intended to limit the scope of the
Government, and to withhold from it the posses-
sion of any power which could be used otherwise
than impartially. With such knowledge of the
limitations and spirit of our Constitution, and
seeing that it clearly recognizes the slave interest,
ajid throws tt shield of protection over it, is it
strange that southern men should hold any in-
terference, even incidentally, against that interest,
to be unwarranted and improper? Is it strange
in them to feel that what the Constitution recog-
nizes, secures, protects, men who owe fealty to it
•hould not harshly condemn or rudely touch ?
If we would determine aright between these
parties, we must look to their positions and claims
as they present themselves in their federated capa-
city. It is idle to refine on questions of abstract
justice. It is idle to prate sentimentality. It is idle
to speak of God-given birthrights, and of every
man's inherent title to personal freedom. It is
worse than idle to deify freedom in the spirit of
a French revolution, as has been done by some
gentlemen on this floor, while declaiming against
southern slavery—thereby implying that the
freedom secured by the framers of the Constitu-
tion, as it existed at that day and as it presented
itself to them, is not a freedom sufficient for their
descendants. Whatever may be the truth—what-
ever may be right, even though it lead to aboli-
tion, or, on the other hand, to an opening of all
the States to slavery, we cannot move or act here
except in subordination to the authority which
gives being to Congress. Grant that slavery is
right: then let it work its own career. Grant
that it is wrong: then let it be attacked by a force
legitimately empowered to attack it. To proceed
otherwise than directed by these conclusions,
would be to disregard the limitations and restric-
tions of defined government, and to throw everv |
interest upon the mercy of a wild discretion, such j
as no member of the House, however eager to ;
accomplish his purposes, will profess an inclina- j
tion to do. |
Looking, sir, to this mutual charge of aggres-
sion, it is evident that, so far as there is truth in
it, the cause of complaint should be removed. As
coming from the North, what is there to justify
it? Not one of her citizens is prevented, or pro-
posed to be pievented, by any action of Congress,
or by any action elsewhere, from freelygoing
into any Territory or any State of these United
States, with all his property. There is no exclu-
sion for him—no denial of the least privilege
which any other citizen may rightfully enjoy, j
Therp is no interference with any right he may j
have—social, pecuniary, or political. And if at \
this point gentlemen tell me that there is interfer- J
ence with the rights of northern freemen, because '!
they cannot consent to go into the Territory and
engage in labor there while that of slaves is per-
mitted, I must say to them, they must make all,
allowance for our inability to appreciate such an
argument. In the southern country, free labor
and slave labor associated is not regarded as a
damning degradation to the white man. So far
from this, it maybe safely asserted, that a majority
of southern slaveholders may be found, day after
day, side by side with their negroes, plowing in
the same field, engaged with them in the same
work. Those who have a sufficient property to
exempt them from the necessity of labor, are not,
of course, thus fbund. But the greater proportion
of southern slaveholders—those naving. two, three,
or a dozen slaves—can be seen any deTy in the
busier seasons, laboring with their negroes. And
when we see . that our southern fathers think it no
degradation to their sons to put them at labor
with the slaves they own, as is done by numbers
everywhere in the South, I repeat that gentlemen
must make due allowance for our inability to ap-
preciate that, sentiment of a northern laborer,
which is represented here as looking with abhor-
rence to any prospect of havfcghis labor brought
into near neighborhood with that of^ slave. The
spirit of freedom which will prevent such a man
from associating his labor with that of a negro, is
one that has not yet reached the .people of our
southern country.
How, then, has there been aggression of the
South against the North ? I have already said
that ne eitiaen of the North is prohibited from
going to any part of the country with all his prop-
erty. It.surely wiH not be uc$ed that the re -has
been aggression, because we a^k that the same
right shall be conoe4ed< tp ua to go with our
property that is given to,others to go with theirs!
Aggression, in that we claim equal rights in the
common territory -with others! Aggression, in
that we will not.submit to- an odious discrimina-
tion against our property! Aggression, in that
we deny the authority of others to cbeck.sputhern
development! Aggression, in, that aggression is
resisted!
Is there anything, on the other hand, to justify
this charge as coming from the South? She claims
for her citizens and for her States perfect equality
of right with all other citizens and all other States.
She claims that there is nothing in the Cdnstitu-
tion to mark a distinction between her property
and theirs, to her disadvantage. She claims that
the Constitution not only recognizes, but provides
for the security of the slave property she holds.
Nor do I understand that these claims are directly
denied, except the latter, by a few such extremists
as the gentleman from New York, [Mr. G&an-.
ger.1 And yet it is insisted that in Territories
which belong to all alike, her citizens, if they go
there, shall not merely be prevented from taking
their slaves, which amounts to practical exclu-
sion of themselves—and in that new, their equal
rights being acknowledged, is certtHHy a Wrong—
but shall not be permitted to exercise, and, as
far as they may, act upon their free opinion as to
the policy which should prevail in forming the
domestic institutions of such Territories. It is
this interference with an undoubted political right
—the right of every citizen upon common terri-
tory to judge for himself as to the best state of
society compatible with our American systems of
government, and to use his individual influence
towards establishing that state of society, so that,
if there should be a sufficient number agreeing
with him, they may at the proper time so declare
by their action—it is, I say, interference with such
a right, denied only to those whose views tolerate
slavery, that gives just occasion for the complaint
we make. If they are not to be deprived of their
equal political rights, when the time comes for
assuming the sovereignty which belongs to each
confederate of the Union, they should certainly
be permitted to build the new State upon the
model of the old ones to which they have been ac-
customed, if, in the judgment of a majority there,
it is preferable—those old ones, with all their
social and domestic attributes, and notwithstand-
ing the sins stfid the odium sought to be cast upon
them, being as highly regarded and as closely
cherished by the Constitution as any others, and
therefore not to be stigmatized, directly or indi-
rectly, by any organ of the Government which
derives its sole authority from that Constitution.
But this permission, under the policy we depre-
cate, is denied. Every candid mind must admit
that interference such as this is a wrong upon any
class of citizens affected by it. It is aggression
to force the formation of States after a certain
model, or rather against a certain model, whether
the people prefer it or not, and that is aggression
upon fundamental political rights, dearest of all
others to Americans.
There is no little importance attached to the
question in its connection with rights and inter-
ests pertaining to slave property as mere prop-
erty; and the South, upon that point alone, will
never consent to treatment which implies any
wrong or fault in her title to such property. But
the view I am presenting has not more import-
ance in this connection than belongs to it &s
affecting the question of obvious.political rights—
rights which our system of Government, so far
from questioning, assumes to be inalienably in-
herent in the people. 1 will illustrate. A north-
ern citizen goes to a Territory of the United
States—.perhaps from the gentleman's [Mr. Stan-
ton] district. In passing to it, he has the chance
to observe the working of the slave system, t<J '
study the character of the negro, to investigate .
the economy of slavery, and to gather data gen*
erally for a more intelligent opinion of southern
institutions than his prejudices and want of op-
portunity for acquiring proper information had
before permitted, and the result of his inquiry has
been to change his views of the justice and pro-
priety of slavery . This is no strained supposi-
tion, for it is a thing oonstantly occurring in cases
where northern citteetts transfer their residence
to the southern States. He goes to help found a
new State, and must have his share of responsi-
bility therein. In molding the institutions there,
he now believes it would conduce to the well-
being uid prosperity of the people, and would not
violate any rigni or law of humanity. to permit;
the introduction of slaves; but under the prohib-
itory policy which anti-Nebraska men advocate .
he is told: "No; Congress forbids you to exer- '
cise any such belief. Though it is for yourself "
you are acting—though it is your own interest'
and welfare you are seeking—and though in other "
things you are-the sole and proper judge of what
is best—yet upon this one thing your opinion
shall in ho wise operafe." Sucn a restriction
upon a clear political right may not seem hard
wlien applied to an individual case; but carry the
illustration further: suppose the same that hap-
pens in his case should happen to whole masses
of northern citizens—to enough of them to control
in the formation of the State government—is it
no wrong, no hardship,, that they are utterly
denied the exercise of their opinion and prefer-
ence as to the nature of the institutions under
which they are to live? Why, sir, such inter-
ference would not be tolerated a moment if it
related to any other question of domestic polity—
