1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tffl\
Mr. SEWARD. If that be the rule, I hope
it will bo insisted on.
Mr. Speaker, I address myself now to the
Americans of the South who are upon this floor,
to know from them whether they have or not
abandoned the twelfth section of the Philadelphia
platform of the party which was adopted in June
last; and whether, by going into the recent con-
vention assembled at Philadelphia, and acting with
the Know Nothing party, they have substituted
for that twelfth section what is the thirteenth
section of the now platform? I know from the
record that Mr. Zollicoffer, of Tennessee 
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to call
members by name in debate.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 know that; but there are
so many gentlemen from Tennessee that I see no
other way to designate them individually.
A Member. Say the member from the Nash-
ville district.
Mr. SEWARD. The member from the Nash-
ville district of Tennessee, then, was a member of
the last Congress, and voted for the repeal of the
Missouri compromise, and the passage of the
Kansas Nebraska act. He vindicated that meas-
ure upon this floor in an able speech; yet I find
his vote recorded in the proceedings of the late
convention held at Philadelphia to condemn the
repeal of the Missouri compromise. 1 should
like, therefore, for the purpose of getting at the
true position of the American party, to know
upon what they stand—whether upon the twelfth
section of the platform adopted in June last, or
upon the thirteenth section of the new Philadel-
phia platform ?
Another cause of complaint against this Admin-
istration is that its course has been vacillating in
regard to affairs in Kansas and Nebraska. I
want the southern Americans to tell us how and
in what manner this Administration has pursued
a weak and imbecile course in Kansas and Ne-
braska? Has it not stood erect on this subject?
It has cautioned Abolitionists of the North and
men from my own section of country against
entering the Territory of Kansas to do violence.
Its position has been fair and national. I ask
gentlemen, when they prefer a bill of indictment
against the Administration, to make specifications,
so that the country may fully understand the
question. I do not want it to be clothed in such
language, to use the words of the gentleman from
Indiana, (Mr. Sheetz,) a delegate to the Phila-
delphia convention, that the people may notundcr-
stand it. He said that the President would be
elected before the people could understand the
new platform.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am responsible to my
constituents for not having been here. I should
have preferred to have been here if I could; and
all I have to say m conclusion is, that I do not
desire the sympathy of any man at home or
abroad who suspccts my motives, or questions
my fidelity to the Constitution of the country and
the peculiar institutions of the South.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I now insist on
the motion that the rules be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
THE DEFENSES OF THE COUNTRY.
Mr. QUITMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will not press that motion until I can ask
the House for unanimous consent to take from
the Speaker's table, for reference, the message
from the President of the United States, received
this morning.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I yield for that purpose.
There was no objection, and the Speaker laid
before the House the following message from the
President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
I herewith trans-nut, and recommend to the favorable con-
sideration of Cotigiev), a communication from the Secretaiy
of War, asking a special appropriation of $3,000,000 to pre-
pare aimaments and ammunition for the fortifications, to
increase the supply of impioved small-aims, and to apply
recent improvements to arm? of old patterns belonging to
the United States and the several States.
FRANKLIN PiEKCE.
Washington, February 26,1856.
Mr. QUITMAN. 1 move that the message
and accompanying communication be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The question was taken; and the message was
referred accordingly.
Mr. LETCHER. It strikes me, Mr. Speaker,
as an expenditure of $3,000,000 is involved, that
the message ought to go to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. QUITMAN. The proper direction for
the message has, I think, been given to it. The
question is first on the principle; it may be sent
on the appropriation. The latter question may
be for the Committee of Ways and Means. The
question is, whether we want the improvement
proposed at all. The Committee of Ways and
Means is not the proper committee on the prin-
ciple.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to reconsider the vote by which the message was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The question of appropriations for fortifications
and armaments belongs exclusively to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. If there he no objection, the
question will be again put on the reference of the
message.
There was no objection.
Mr. LETCHER. Let the message be again
read. ^
The message was again read.
Mr. LETCHER. I now ask that the letter
of the Secretary of War be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
War Department,
Washington, February^5, 1856.
Sir: Improvements in aims! and munitions of war having
been recently perfected, whereby then efficiency has been
much increased, it is veiy desirable that these lmp'ove-
ments should be applied, as far and as soon as practicable,
to the aims on hand, both in the Government arsenals
and in the possession of the States. Although our present
supply of aims is as good as, and probably supcrioi to,
those of the same date ot manufacture of any other nation,
wo should have, in the u-e of them in their present condi-
tion, to cope at disadvantage with otheis who may have
been beforehand with us m the actual application to then
arms of the recent improvement"-. It has been our policy,
heretofore, to ean v on, gradually and slowly, the work of
prepaiation for military efficiency, both oflcibive and de-
fensive; and in puisuance of this policy the estimates of the
War Department, fiom year to year, have been limited to
the execution of such woik only as accoided with the ordi-
naiy means of ouraimones and arsenals, with but a small
force of opuintives in employment. The legular e^tim^tcs
last submitted to Congress are bo>ed on these considera-
tions. In view, however, of the propuetv of assuting, at
the eaihestpiaetieable peuod, military efficiency as regards
armament and munitions, (we have it abundantly as regards
men,) it seem-* proper that more active and vigorous nieas-
utes should now be adopted ; that we should increase the
capacity loi pioduction and the foice in employment at
our aimories and ai^enals ; that we should prepare more
rapidly armaments and ammunition for our fortification*;
that we should increase our supplies ofmproretf small-arm^
by the manufaetuie of now ones, and by the alteration of
those of past dates of fabrication, including both the United
States and State arms; and that we should provide ample
supplies of ammunition, accomeiments, and implements
for the immediate and most efficient use of the whole.
In oider to effect this, it is neeessaiy that more than or-
dinaiy means be placed at the disposal oi the Executive;
and I respectfully -.usge^ and recommend that application
he made lor an eailv appropriation of 000,000 foi meieas-
ing the military efficiency ot the country, to be applied at
the discieaon of the President towards the objects befoic
stated
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, vour obedient
servant, JEFFERSON DAVIS,
To the President. Secretary of War.
Mr. LETCHER. T desire to say, sir, after
hearing the communication, and finding that it
relates to the manufacture of arms and armories
for the most part, that I withdraw all objection to
its reference to the Committee on Military Affairs.
If, when the matter comes to be considered by
that committee, they find that it is necessary to
carry out these improvements, they will of course
make a recommendation to the House for its
action, and that recommendation will go to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. A part, cer-
tainly, of that communication should go to the
Committee of Ways and Means. I hope it will
be referred to that committee; if not, that it be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. ORR. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs may report that there is no necessity to ask
far an appropriation. It should then first go to
die Committee on Military Affairs, for their con-
sideration and report thereon. There is a ten-
dency in the Committee of Ways and Means to
absorb the entire legislation of the House. I do
not make the remark out of any unkindness to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] or of
his ability to preside over that committee; but
I say that such has been the tendency of the
Committee of Ways and Means,
Mr. PHELPS. With the permission of the
gentleman from South Carolina, I desire to say a
word. As 1 understand the communication from
hearing it read, it proposes to make additional
estimates of the expenditures of the Government.
The House has already referred to the Committee
of Ways and Moans the annual estimates for the
expenditures of the Government for the next-
fiscal year. Under the order of the House, that
committee must take into consideration the amount
of money which shall be appropriated for the pur-
pose of arming the fortifications already erected
That committee must take into consideration the
amount of-money necessary to be appropriated
for the purpose of keeping up your armories, and
for the purpose of changing the fire-arms you
already have in the arsenals of the United States,
and also in the State arsenals. The same subject-
matter, then, in every particular mentioned in that
communication, has already, by the action of the
House, been referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means; and the only additional matter con-
tained m this communication is, that the Secre-
tary of War recommends that an appropriation
shall be made at an earliei period than it would
be made if made in the regular order of the appro-
priation bills, and that the amount appropriated
for the purpose therein mentioned shall be in-
creased over and above the estimates submitted
at the commencement of this session of Congress.
For these reasons, then, I believe it right that
the message should be referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, which already has charge
of the same subject-matter.
In reply to a remark which fell from the gentle-
man from South Carolina, that the Committee of
Ways and Means have sought to absorb the
legislation of Congress, I think he is mistaken in
reference to that matter. There has been no dis-
position, during the tune I have served upon that
committee, on the part of the members of that
committee, to absorb the legislation of Congress.
On the contrary, there has been an attempt on the
part of the members of the House to put upon
the appropriation bills, reported by that com-
mittee, measures which ought to have been carried
through upon their own merits, in separate bills.
Mr. ORR. I ask the gentleman from Missouri
to allow me to read the 91st rule?
Mr. PHELPS. Certainly.
Mr. ORR. The 9lst rule says that—
" It shall be the duty of the Committee on Military Affairs
to take into consideration all subjects relating to the military
establishments and public defenses which may be referred
to them by the House, and to report their opinion theieupon;
and also report from tune to time such measures as may
contribute to economy and accountability m the said estab-
lishments."
Mr. PHELPS. I am aware of the require-
ments of that rule; but neither the President of
the United States, nor the Secretary of War,
recommends any change in the existing law.
There is no recommendation to change any exist-
ing law regulating the military establishments of
the country, contained in that communication
Gentlemen may think there is, but they are mis-
taken.
I say that all the appropriations which are made
for arming the fortifications of the country come
from the Committee of Ways and Means. That
Committee hag, for along series of years, always
considered the amount which it is proper and
necessary to appropriate for such purposes; but
if it be suggested that new fortifications shall be
established in this country, let me say that that
is a matter of which the Committee on Military
Affairs have jurisdiction, and the Committee of
Ways and Means none.
Mr. QUITMAN. When the Executive De-
partment of this Government recommends an
alteration in the military affairs of this Govern-
ment, I think it is due to this House, due to the
representative branch of this Government, that
such recommendations should be deliberately
reflected upon by a committee of this House,
preliminary to an appropriation being made.
Mr. PHELPS, In reply to the gentleman
from Mississippi, I will say, that the matter
simply resolves itself info the question, how much
money shall be appropriated for the purpose of
keeping up the military establishments of the
country? That message only recommends that
a larger amount of money shall be expended for
the manufacture and improvement of ordnance.
it also contains the other recommendation, that
