1856.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Slavery—Kansas—Parties thereon—Mr. Maxwell.
Ho. of Reps.
certainly not if it related to any that came under
the view of those who framed the Federal Gov-
ernment. Tt would be denounced as an unau-
thorized and meddlesome attempt to shape State
policy by dictation of Congress, and would be
met as a dangerous stride towards centralizing
despotism. Vet it is just this that Wilmot-pro-
viso men and anti-Nebraska men insist upon as
to the right of opinion of southern citizens on a
great question of local policy, when those citizens
choose to east their lot in one of the common
Territories. They, though a majority of the
people there, shall not be judges as to what is
right and best for themselves. Is not this invest-
ing Congress with all power and all discretion over
the future State? If the power exists, and may
be exercised as to one measure, it may reach to
all others; and thus will be sapped from our Fed-
eral system the very essence of its strength, the
very preservative of its life—an independence in
each State to control its own domestic affairs.
If this be not "aggression," I know not what
is—aggression, not merely against southern slav-
ery, but, in aiming at slavery, aggression against
a primary and sacred right of citizens ^to govern
themselves—against the privilege of the" people to
exclusive action in their own behalf within that
sphere not intended or expected to be reached by
the Government for the Union.
You see, then, Mr. Chairman, on which side
rests the truth of the charge of which I have
been speaking. Consider a moment longer the
relative position of the parties. The South says
to the North—to every citizen of the North, " Go,
if you wish, to the common territory, and take
with you whatever property you may own. You
shall enjoy there every privilege that attaches to
any citizen of the United States." On the other
hand, the North says to the South and her citi-
zens, " Yon may go to the territory, but you shall
not take with you a certain species of your prop-
erty, and shall not frame the institutions there so
as ever to permit the introduction of that property,
even though a majority of the people interested
should think it wisest and best. Now which is
the aggrieved party ? Which has perfect freedom
to go and do as it lists ? Which has this freedom
curtailed and restricted? Who can wonder that
the South, in contemplating the prospect of having
her citizens thus discriminated against, thus thrust
down from their station of equality, should feel
her proud spirit chafe within her, and should
rouse every energy of her impulsive but resolute
sons to the assertion of her full rights, and the
rejection of an odious badge of inferiority ?
The northern people would understand this
better tfthe strength of the sections were reversed,
and the South, having full control of Congress,
should seek by Federal authority to force slavery
into the Territories. There is as clear a right to
do this as there is to force its exclusion. Would
the North submit, if such a right were claimed
and exercised ? But the South makes no pretension
to such a right, and would be forbid to exercise
it, because of her position that Congress has n<5
concern in the matter, one way or another. Yetthe
opposite position could be as easily justified for
her, under the contingency supposed, a3 it can be
for the section which is at this time the stronger.
Let us now see how this spirit of aggression
is displaying itself in the present emergency—in
the bitter strife about Kansas. The effort there,
sustained by those who befriend the movement
here, is to do by indirection what the enemies of
southern institutions failed to accomplish directly.
The questions thus raised may be considered now
■with a view to show how wrongs of aggression
grow greater by evasive struggles that lead to
worse wrongs.
There is, first, a question as to the governmental
condition of Kansas. Is she a Territory without
organization, and without law, and struggling for
both; or is she already under both, and acting by
competent authority? Much as this question has
been cumbered by a multitude of allegations, it
is easily answered by a few simple facts. Every-
body admits that from some source or other Con-
gress has authority to frame temporary govern-
ments for the Territories of the United States. Con-
gress in pursuance of that authority did frame a
government for Kansas. It is not pretended any-
where that the act by which this was done is not
New Series—No. 32
of valid force, and hence there can be no doubt
that her government is of a legitimate character,
i Whatever mistaken policy that government may
have pursued, if any; whatever irregularities it
may have practiced, if any; whatever wrongs it
may have clone or permitted, if any—these would
• not set aside the fact that she has government,
and legitimate government, subject in its exercise
to all the conditions belonging to other American
governments. '
But it is alleged that it has grossly abused its
functions, and should therefore be made to surren- !
der them and give place to another. Then comes !
the further question, whether Congress, from
whom this Government emanated, shall recognize
and uphold it, or shall take by the hand and en- i
courage those in that Territory who, for this
alleged cause, act independently of it, and in der-
i ogation and defiance of its authority ? Had there
j been abuses of more than a transient character,
I (admitting, forargument's sake, the charge;) had
' the abuses been long persisted in, so as to have
| become a permanent evil, without hope of remedy
by ordinary methods, there might be reasonable
ground for cutting away the government and
substituting a new one; and if Congress, having
I authority to this end should refuse, the people
I subject to the government might assume the right
of revolution, and protect themselves. But no
[ such condition can be asserted. The chief wrong
complained of was one single in its nature, per-
petrated upon a single occasion, never repeated,
and not of a character to be sustained by even
, those who are said to have been benefited by it—I
allude to the alleged armed invasion by non-resi-
dents to control the elections in the spring of
1855. Admit all that has been said on this sub-
ject, and I then aver ihat the wrong itself is but
a paltry thing compared with the danger of using
it as a pretext for revolution. Society could have
no stability, nor could government command
either respect or support, if the people upon the
first wrong done, without waiting to see whether
I it may not be corrected or remedied by existing
legitimate means, shall claifti a resort which should
be taken only by those who are suffering the fixed
bonds of oppression. If the wrong were one
flowing from any defect or excessive power of the
, Government itself, the case would be different;
j for then the fault is not simply in the act done,
but is inherent, lasting, and subject to frequent
! display. But it is not pretended of this instance,
! that the wrong was induced by any vice in the
form or character of the Government. The force
at the election was a thing ended, and did not
proceed from any prompting, sanction, or spirit
of acquiescence by that Government, whether
considered in reference to those who had charge
of it, or in reference to its nature and principles.
Would this force be used again? Would it be
even once repeated ? That no man can say.
Those who have disregarded the authority of the j
Government given by Congress, aricl who openly
repudiate it as having forfeited any rightful force
over them, would not stay their radical opposition
till a second trial could be made; but before ;
another election came Found to test the working
i of the ne\y Government, they had already de-
| termined to resist it, and to supersede it by a
government of their own. #There is nothing in
I precedent, in history, in reason, or even in the
j dictates of a just indignation, to sanction such
| extraordinary measures for giving relief from a
frievance which was of yesterday, and which I
as no root in the Government under whfch it
| was perpetrated. Destroy authority which for
I aught that has been seen may be good in itself,
j because in a solitary instance it has failed to man-
! ifest a proper vigor! Destroy an organized sys-
I tem of society which has no vicious element
j proved upon it by trial and experience, because
i one wrong has escaped its checking hand ! That
! would be monstrous, and no man will justify it.
j Yet what less than this is proposed by the To-
S peka-convention men ?
• It may be supposed that I do injustice to those
jj men by narrowing their ground of complaint,
'■ j inasmuch as they also charge that the action of
; I the first Legislature of Kansas was oppressive,
' and against liberty. I hope, sir, even granting
jj this to be true, it is not seriously adduced as suf-
i; ficient, before further trial, to justify resistance tp
constituted authority, amounting to revolution.
The American people have enjoyed the forms of
free government to little purpose, if they will not
at once see an easy ana legitimate remedy for
such evils, where the elective franchise is not
taken away. They have but to select new legis-
lators, and repeal the obnoxious laws. The bal-
lot-box is a certain cure for wrongs inflicted
upon the people; and the complainants, if they
were a majority of the Territory, could have used
it to relieve themselves. Why was not this relied
on, instead of striking to destroy the government
itself, and thereby raise a commotion threaten-
ing the gravest disasters to all the Union? It
would insult the intelligence of our countrymen
to suppose it necessary to argue that evils should
be borne for a short while, when a peaceful remedy
can be found, rather than risk greater by hasty,
disloyal, and violent action. How different from
this, though, has been the conduct of the free-
State men of Kansas. It will not do for them to
say, that the ordinary and easy remedy would
not have been available for them, because of in-
terference by armed invaders; for they made no
experiment to ascertain whether this would be
so or not. If it were so once, that made no rule
for the future. At any rate, no one could justly
conclude such would be the rule without again
testing it—much less act upon the conclusion to
drive society from its moorings upon the stormy
sea of revolution.
So, sir, assuming the truth to be the wimple of
what is charged, it furnishes no justification for
the conduct of the free-State men in disregard-
ing and defying the established government., But
when it is known, as every one nere must know,
that the complaint has been most grossly exag-
gerated—that the elections were purged of the
violence, a  far as it was made known, by the
regular authority—in fact, by the very Mr. Reeder
who now seeks to use the violence as the Dre-
text for extreme resorts—and that the laws de-
nounced as oppressive have had parallels in the
laws of the States, but in them, free and apt as
are the people to assert their rights, did not pro.
voke the faintest pretense to a resumption of their
sovereignty; when these palliatives are consid-
ered, the conduct of those men goes deeper and
deeper into the wretched abode of lawlessness
and crime.
I return to the question, shall Congress uphold
the Government it established in Kansas, or
shall it aid and abet those who rebel against it f
Shall it teach the duty of obedience to regular
authority, or, for transient cause give free rein
and success to revolutionary opposition ? We
cannot sanction the action of the free-State men,
without encouraging insubordination and con-
temptoforganized government. Wecannotaccept
the free-State constitution without first legiti-
mating the defiance and resistance to tlje territorial
organization which had life and authority from
ourselves, and thus taking the attitude of the
law-making power, upholding the law-defying
power; of the preserver of order lending coun-
tenance to the violator of order ; of the ruler of
the storm yielding to the reckless will of the
storm 1 This, sir, would be the pitiable weak-
ness Congress would exhibit by helping to dis-
arm and prostrate the existing government, at the
instigation of those who hold it in contempt, re-
fusing to recognize and obey its authority.
The issue, whether we will sustain or sternly
condemn open defiance to regularly-constituted
authority, cannot bfe' shifted by appeals ia behalf
of the right of the citizens of a Territory to frame
a State government for themselves, and then offer-
ing us the Topeka constitution as a result of the
exercise of that right. It was itself conceived ana
brought forth as the very act that would mqgt
easily excuse the attitude of rebellion. However
excellent tljat constitution may be, (and I give
no opinion of its merits,) or however wrong it
might be to reject it, if it had come before uii
under other circumstances, and as in fact the
work and choice of the people, we cannot conceal
from our minds that it is the offspring of a spirit
utterly inconsistent with the obligations due from
good citizens to society and government, and
should be met and treated as such.
Do gentlemen grow indignant at the oppres-
sions practiced upon a certain class of the peop.0
