THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1ct
him, as a resident—as a white person—Inn a* a ,
free white male citizen* having resided, &c. The
commissioners followed a rigid rule of grammat- ■
jcal construction, whco thoy said that <<. person 1
must have resided here, being a citizen, for u-ii-
yeor pre\ ions to the election.
The circuit court of the District of Columbia
informally, extra-juoV-hmy, without having be-
fore them any ca^ which entnled them to pas*
judgment upon that point, intimated a different
opinion. U wada question notsubmitted to then
judicial cognizance. It irus a question directly
submitted to the persons appointed as judges of
tho election. They arc sworn, by the existing
law of the District, to admit the vote of every per-
son who, according to the best of their judgment
and understanding, is entitled tovote. The court
decided thot thoy could not issue a mandamus to
the judges of election. " They .^ru tho p;o i !es to he
controlled, but this court cannot operate up^n them
fcy mandamus. Thev are quasi jud^e,■>, and are
sworn to decide the qualification* oj rutrrs, according
to their judgment and bilicf" Ft is, therefore, let!
to them to pass judicially upon the question,and
not to the circuit court; and the court lias dis-
claimed, under the existing law, the right to con-
trol them. Kut they have intimated that they
think the construction placed upon that Jaw by
the judges of election is an erroneous our. Still,
sir, that does not, according to the existing law,
change the tribunal which is entitled to pass upon
that question. The judges of election arc bound to
decide, untrammeledand unmanacled by the opin-
ion which the gentleman from Tennessee wishes
to force upon them. They will reiterate thatjudg-
ment. Gentlemen hare tri^d in this Hou>e to
change that law by the missing first section. Gen-
tlemen have failed to change that law. And now
they come for the purpose of clearing up the
<loubts of the commissioners by their fears—of en-
lightening the judgment by a penalty of throwing
in the darkness of a dungeon and the weight of a
fine, in order to influence the human judgment.
That is the meaning of this clause, and there is
no other meaning in it.
Now, 1 ask the attention of the House to the
precise phraseology of it; and then we shall sec
where the shoe puiches, and why gentlemen do
not wish, or why they are not very wrung in not
wishing a material modification of the law:
'* That if any commissioner or ether person appointed to
superintend municipal elections in the city of Washington
fclwll Knowingly refuse to receive the vote of a jW&on
pos^es^ng the legal qualification to vote at such election."'
There is now an obligation on them to take the
vote of every man entitled, according to the best
of their judgment (xnd understanding. The crimi-
nal law which gentlemen wish to press makes
the commissioner responsible for his construction
of the law; and because he may fail to construe
?t as the courts shall construe it, and do so know-
ingly, heis to go to jailforsix months, to pay the
fine of the law, and to be perpetually a marked
man, disqualified from holding office under the
corporation of the city.
Gentlemen differ in the construction of the word
"knowingly." I appeal without any fear to every
gentleman of the bar in this House, whether the
word tJ knowingly,"inacriminalstatute,can, on
any principle, moan the legal consequences of the
facts—or if it mean anything but the knowledge
of the facts ? I ask every gentleman in this House
whether the maxim does not always hold good,
that ex facto oritur jus—that from the facts the law
draws its consequences—and the law, with refer-
ence to civil proceedings, appends to the knowl-
edge of the fact the legal consequences deduced
from it ? Therefore, in this bill, they must either
use the word " knowingly" with reference to a
knowledge of the facts from which the party's
right grows, or they use it in a sense that is un-
known to any criminal statute. But, if this be
so, then to make the fact of excluding a vote, or
of admitting a vote, which the courts may deem
ought to have been admitted or ought to have
been excluded, a penal offense, without reference
to the question whether the commissioner did or
78
MONDAY, MAY ]!), 185G.
i £w fcerils.
didnot ■ hink the party who offered to vote really
entitled to vote—to punish a judicial othcer be-
cause he knew certain facts and drew a legal con-
(lusmr. fiom tlmm different from that diuwn by
another judicial officer—i* atvaruince with « -very
principle of Saw ui justice. 1 say, sir, there U
no such piUiCiS'le to befjund m the jaws of Vir-
ginia, m the Lavs of Maryland—in those law*
irom which tile laws of the" Distnetare made up,
which are in accordance With tin n clings of Un-
people of tins port of the country, and w hich are
entitled ro be considered by Congress in its hgis-
larioi). \ have befoie me gentlemen from Virginia
who will say thai there is no penalty provided m
their law« for such a c;i^ . I my.* If, and other
members from Maryland. cin > :i vr that there, is
none such pjovided in .he laws of Alarvhmd.
T
mm:.:
or < lections
r conclusion
i nerc is no indictment oi
because lie happens to draw a wr
from facts. JJe is responsible for nothing but
' the exercise of his judgnvnt: and it is an uniieard
of thing—it is a gross, flagrant orirage—to con-
trol the freedom of judjinient of such judge. by
imposing upon him a penally which follows from
the mere knowledge of the f.uu<—as if lie were a
prophet, and infallible; or Unit oil or and sin \\ ere
inseparable. Thai is tin- meaning of t ho law. If
the gentleman had inserted thewoid "• willfully,
it would not have oven met the case. They must
use language to confine the penalty to tho case of
a commissioner of election, who shall exclude a
1 person Irom the polls whose qualification to vote
; he knows and bcluvcs. K must come up to this:
you must show that the commissioner exorcised
| his judgment and excluded the vote against his
judgment, and with an intent to do wrong. Not
merely that he knew tIwjacts, from which utiollu r
! tribunal might infer that the party is entitled.
' The infliction of the penalty ought to require for
its infliction at least the giound of an action for
: damages, for excluding tin'party entitled to vote.
! According to the sealed law of England and the
| settled common law, damages can bo adjudged
■ only where the commissioner rejects the vote of a
party corruptly, with an intent to deprive a party
of a hnoirn ug/tl, of a right which he—the com-
mittee—believes he hat. To say that a party takes
the goods of another party knowingly, is no
ground on which to charge him with a criminal
offense. It is nothing but a trespass. You must
put in the intent covered by the word " feloni-
ousty,'* before you make it a crime, if a parfy
clana a right to the goods, however flimsy tha't
right may be, the taking them is not an indictable
offense. And yet parties have no right under this
law, if it passes, to say before a tribunal that
they thought they were doing right. They are
punished, whatever may be their own judgment
of the matter, for the simple fact of the differ-
ence between themselves and the court. The
word " willfully" docs not meet the case. You
must putin the word " corruptly."
If gentlemen think that a law which ought to
disgrace the statute-books of the United States,
let gentlemen pass it.
But when corruptly shall be inserted, I main-
tain the bill is unfit to pass. It is not the habit
of this part of the country to appoint judicial otfi-
cers, and then hold them to the performance of
their duties by penalties. We appoint men who
are to be controlled by their consciencc, their
judgment, and their oath. And if gentlemen seek
now to change this low, which has rested here
unchanged for many years—so far as this point
is concerned, from 1820 down—let them say
that any commissioner of election has, in this
District, corruptly, willfully, and intentionally,
deprived any one man of a right to vote after
knowing that he was entitled to vote, and then
they will have found what has not hitherto been
found—a pretext for this sJur, this insult, this
stigma, cast upon the judges of the last election.
Sir, the. great crime of that election was, that the
Administration were prostrated in the dust under
it. Sir, this measure is a fling of a vanquished
party ^gainst the characters of the victors—it is
a poisoned Parthaon arrow shot by tho flying foe*
whose scratch will be deadly, and may avenge
the defeat it could not avert. Then, after'the Gov-
ernment required its official menials to vote after
they were driven to she polls—required them to
vote an open ticket, subject to official overseers
stationed to spy them out—after the control ot all
the forugn -votes was bouiht, <ujd ev  ry stone-
cutter who refused to support the Government,
was hunted out and maiked. and (tuv- -t from the
city by depriving him of his employment; —
after all these acts had proved unequal to the task
of repressing the spirit of the Auieiican people
here, they ask now to be allowed—through the in-
strumentality of the tribunal where the President
has the appointment of the marshal, where the
marshal lias the appointment of the jury, where
the jury cire the judges of the evidence, where the
, passions of pohticol stuff: are to hold the scales
which weigh that evidenc<—to r< volutioni/e the
city, by mdneetly re\ olutionizing the law through
; the fears of the persons appointed to execute, not
1 according fo the dictates of their fears, hut of their
judgments; and all that, in order that you may
1 reverse a decision ot* the people, where it was
made fairly and without any imputation on the
regularity of the election, or the iionestv* of any
one of the commissiouets. if this is the bill that
gendenvn of the Democratic party want to pass,
h l them pus:; it.
Weil, Mr, there is another thing icstingon it.
The law of this city is as distinct as a law can
well lie. It says that the tax-books, the poll-
books, containing the names of tho \oteis regis-
; tered prior to the 31st of December, shall not be
changed. Vet, sir, the same court, m the same
, proceeding in which they refused a mandamus
because of the judicial character of the judges,
; took occasion to gjveuiferance to the opinion that
, a party, otherwise qualified to vote, should be
registered and allowed to vote, notwithstanding
; the f.ict that his name was not recorded upon the
ugister piiorto tite3js' of December. Yet, sir,
Willi that deciMon staring them in the face, con
; trary as it is to the express letter of the written
law, of which there can be no reasonable doubt, the
; honorable gentlemen who desire to press this bill
: through the House, will place the commissioners
! of eU etions m the hands of the courts. When
! they refuse (as under their oaths they are bound
i to refuse) to admit to registry any man whose
j name was not placed there prior to the 31st of De-
j cember, no matter what the cause of the omis-
; sion, these commissioners fire subjected to all
j the penalties of the bill at the pleasure of any
j jury the marshal may summon, which shall see
I fit to believe, in a political cause, any evidence, no
matter how vile, swearing that the party excluded
was omitted from the register by accident or de-
sign.
It is understood that there are not a few ex-
pectants of this pressing behind, whose names
are not upon the poll-books, who are awaiting
the passage of this bill, in the hope that, with the
penalties contained in the bill hanging over tho
i heads of the commissioners, they will not dare
| to refuse to admit these parties to registry.
I Now, sir, I will not do the injustice to the other
] side of the House to suppose that they have been
| aware of the evils which 1 have pointed out.
I They are honorable and high-minded gentlemen;
land I have the confidence to believe that they
I would not knowingly perpetrate such an outrage
I upon their fellow-citizens of this city. I have
; more confidence in the high bearing and manli-
| ness of gentlemen upon the other side of the
j House. But, sir, they have rushed so headlong
i in pursuit of their object, by this measure, that
! I feel bound to call attention to the carelessness
i with which they inflict penalties, which, when
I inflicted, they would be the first to deplore.
| They have made the effort, over and over again,
• to pass this bill without discussion—to force it
| through under the operation of the previous ques-
' tion; they have refused to allow the bill to be
i amended; they have refused to refer it to com-
! mittee, where it may be fully and fairly discussed.
I am ready to paa«i such a bill as the common
