1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL • GLOBE.
£09
this Committee of Ways and Means. It pro-
vides that—
•* No appropnation shall be repotted in such general ap-
preciation bill*, 01 bo m order as an amendment thpicto,
lor any expenditure not authorized by law."
Thai, I think, was the rule up to the 13th of
March, 1838, when, it seems, the Committee of
Ways and Means wanted that a further addition
should be made to their powers, and the follow-
ing addition was made to the rule:
—<4 unless in continuation of appropriations for such pub-
lic works and objects as are already m progress, and for tiie
contingencies foi eatrying on the several Departments of
the Government."
It was thought to be desirable to give them au-
thority to report appropriations for such public
works as had been commenced by previous acts
of Congiess, and for the contingencies for carry-
ing on the various Departments of Government.
Now, sir, these rules define the duties of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; but, according to the
argument of the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] and according to the arguments which I
have heard before upon this floor, the Committee
of Ways ami Means is the only committee that
is competent to pass upon military matters, upon
naval matters, upon Indian matters, and upon
every matter connected with any department of the
Government looking to an appropriation, or look-
ing to a change of policy in the administration of
the Government. All the other committees of the
House, which aie supposed to be especially
charged with their respective duties, and which
are fully competent to considerand act upon them,
are to be ignored, and the Committee of Ways
and Means charged with all their duties.
Look at the extent to which this matter has
been carried. Here is a message sent to us from
the President of the United States, proposing
what? Proposing that a change shall be made in
the arms and armaments employed by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Who is compe-
tent—who is most competent—who has been
specially charged with the consideration of that
subject? The Committee of Ways and Means
or the Committee on Military Affairs? A simple
statement of the fact, that there are two commit-
tees, one a Committee on Military Affairs, and
the other a Committee of Ways and Means, would
be all that would be necessary to determine which
was most competent to inquire into the policy or
impolicy, the expediency or inexpediency of the
proposed change, and the military would certainly
be pronounced to be the ptoper committee.
The Military Committee is thepropcr direction
for the matter to take, and I trust the House will
give it that direction. T|mt committee is pre-
pared bv their especial studies and by the especial
responsibilities devolving upon them to consider
the subject. As is suggested by my friend from
Mississippi, [Mr. (Xuitmax,] if the viewpresented
by the gentleman from Missouri [Air. Piielps]
is the correct one, it amounts to just tins: that the
recommendations of the Secretary of War are to
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means
without investigation or consideration by the
House, and all the House has to do in the matter
is to adopt their recommendations.
Air. PHELPS, (interrupting.) With the per-
mission of the gentleman from South Carolina, I
will remark that the recommendation contained
in this message involves an increase of the annual
expenditures of the Government. The gentle-
man from South Carolina says that this message
ougiit to be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs; that the Committee of Ways and Means
cannot properly take jurisdiction of the appro-
priation recommended in the message; and ho is
m favor, he says, of endeavoring to prevent the
Committee of Ways and Means from absorbing
the whole business of the House. Now, I merely
wish to call the attention of the gentleman from
South Carolina to that portion of the annual esti-
mates which, under the order of the House, has
always been referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and which, under the order of the
House, they are bound to consider.
For the armaments and fortifications, so much*
was recommended by the Secretary of War; and
the Committee of Ways and Means have that
matter under chargp. The Secretary of War
now recommends that an additional amount be
appropriated for that purpose. For ordnance,
ordnance stores, and supplies." That is another
matter which the Committee of Ways and
Means have under consideration; and this is a
recommendation to increase the amount of money
to be expended in the manufacture and procure-
ment of ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies.
Again: " For the manufacture of arms at the
national armories." That estimate is submitted
to the Committee of Ways and Means in the an-
nual estimates, and that committee are to con-
sider how much shall be appropriated for that
purpose. The Secretary of War nc «v comes
here, and asks that the estimates under these
heads of appropriation shall be increased; that
more money shall be appropriated for those ob-
jects than was asked form December last, in the
annual estimates from the Department. He asks
the increase in consequence of the exigencies of
the public service.
I merely desire to invite the attention of my
friend from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] to the fact,
when he proposes the distinction which he has
stated in these estimates, that he ought to have
commenced at the beginning of the session, and
before the annual estimates had been referred,
under the order of the House, to the Committee
of Ways and Means. So far as the allegation
of the gentleman is concerned, I assure the House
that I have no desire to have the message appro-
priated to the Committee of Ways and Means,
it is not for that object that I have made these i
remarks; it is for the purpose of having the busi- j
ness transacted in the ordinary manner. i
We ought to make no innovations upon the I
established practice unless it is ascertained that !
: that practice is wrong, and then wc should estab- ;
lish the practice which we deemed the right one j
by a modification of the ruics of the Hou^e. j
Air. ORR. The direction which was given to I
the estimate from the Treasury Department was :
in strict conformity with the rules of the House ,
It is proper that communications from the Seere- i
tary of the Treasury appertaining to those things ;
should be referred to the Committee of Ways and 1
Means. They are estimates of appropriations j
which arc annually made, and, in many instances, ;
provided for by existing laws; but the action !
now solicited at the hands of Congress by the j
President and the Secretary of War is temporary. !
The appropriation is not proposed to be mam- '
tained as a permanent thing. So far from U, if !
the committeegrant the §,3,000,000, the matter will j
end with its expenditure. ;
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to say a word or !
two on this question. I am gratified that the
point has been made by the gentleman from
South Carolina. I have struggled, m former !
times, to keep some share of the business of the ;
House for the other committees—to prevent the I
Committee of Ways and Aleans from absorbing 1
it all: and so far from it being true, as has been
thrown out, that the House luis burdened that
committee with business, I defy any member
to show me an instance where anything was
referred to that committee against their remon-
strance. I can recollect no one such instance. !
If any exists 1 hope it will he brought to the
attention of the House. I hope they will show ;
us one instance whore business has gone to tiie
Committee of Ways and Means except on their |
demand. True, they have said they did not ;
want it—that they did not care to take the |
trouble; but the result has been that nearly all 1
the business has been absorbed by that commit- ;
tee. The consequence has been that, not having ;
time to attend to all the business, the committee I
has taken the executive recommendations blindly. ,
The appropriation bills have been mode out by
the Executive Departments for three or four years :
past; and appropriations are consequently voted |
without proper investigation of their necessity.
I will give an example. For a great many years |
we have made appropriations for the manufac- j
ture of arms, and they have gone on and made !
old-fashioned muskets until we have now nearly
a million of them. Everybody knows that the i
old-fashioned musket could not do execution !
beyond three hundred yards at the furthest. 1 ■
'tried to have some change made; but they have
gone on blindly making musket after musket, j
Well, if we were involved in a war our troops
would have to fight with these muskets against :
troops armed with weapons that will carry eight
hundred or one thousand yards. Of course they j
would be shot down before they could have a 1
chance to return the fire with any effect. We
could get no investigation of the subject until
the last session of Congress. I do not say the
Committee of Ways and Means are alone to
blame. It may be that the Departments are to
blame; but there has been n<? investigation into
the subject of armories and fortifications.
What I desire is, that this matter may be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
they will take time to look into it. The gentleman
at the head of that committee [Mr. GIuitman]
has as much, if not more, experience in military
matters than any other -member upon this floor.
It will be found, I think, that extensive changes
ought to be made. As a mere civilian, and not
knowing much of these military matters, I was
satisfied that they were going wrong. I hope this
message will go to the Military Committee. They
will look into it, and recommend the best system
they can find.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
indulge me in a remark.
Mr. CLINGAIAN. In a moment. I do not
think that the gentleman from Alabama is the only
person to whom these remarks are applicable. I
make no reflection on him, nor on his prede-
cessors on that committee. When I came here,
ten years ago, a very small portion of the public
business was done by the other committees. The
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and his associates and friends, went on, from time
to time, uiu il that committee absorbed pretty much
all the business of the body. I appeal to gentle-
men who have been here for the last three or«fo r
years, whether this is not a fact? I have the rfght
to state a fact which the Journals will show. I ask
gentlemen to refer me to a single instance whoro
that committee tried to escape the business forced
on them by the House? That is the point I make
I mean no disrespect to the gentleman from Ala-
bama. He followed exactly in the footsteps of
his predecessors. It is a little remarkable, that
wherever you give men power, they are apt to
try and secure more, and that is the way the
Committee of Ways and Means have managed
I will do the gentleman the justice to say that 1
believe he has given as much attention to the
business before the Committee of Ways and
Means as any other chairman ever did. I believe
that he has done the business as well as any other
No man could have investigated all the subjects
before that committee as they ought to have been
investigated. Our Army and Navy need reform-
ation, and I hope the Military Committee will take
up the question of fortifications and investigate it
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to say a word just
at this point.
Afr. CLINGMAN. I yield for that purpose.
Air. LETCH ER. If th^ President of the United
States and the Secretary of War designed that this
appropriation should be made withcftit inquiry, I
take it for granted that they would have sent it
to this House through the proper organ, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. Inasmuch as it was not
sent through the Secretary of the Treasury, who
has charge of the public fund, but sent to us
diiectly by the President, I take it for granted
that he, as well as the Secretary of War, meant
that the Committee on Military Affairs of this
House should ascertain the necessity for the ap-
propriation before the Committee of Ways and
Means should be called on to act.
Air. CLINGMAN. I fully agree with the gen-
tleman on that point; and befon? I take my seat
I will say that, as an observer of the current of
events here for some years past, I have thought
it pioper to call attention to this subject, not
merely with reference to this, but with reference
to other matters which will come before us. It is
important that the business should be divided out
so as to secure the most thorough investigation
The misfortune has been, that these estimates are
sent down from the Department, very frequently
by the head of some bureau, without undergoing
the examination of the Secretary of the Treasury
or anybody else; and the committees have here-
tofore blindly adopted them, and thus they have
gone into the billss I desire to see the House take
a more independent position of the President m
this respect. I think, without intending any im-
peachment of the President or the heads of De-
partments, that a little more investigation will he
of service. It is a well-known fact that, when
calls are made upon the Departments, they allow
