1856*.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12S5
and grave charges are hurled against one of the chiefs of the
Department alluded to lor hi* exertions m recommending
tho-«c eonmhunoii*;. We confers that we see no guevous
hatm in all t'.n-i matter. Tne -Adimmstr'atinn of Geneial
Pieice committed. m the most decided and open manner,
to Hie pime.plef- winch the fanaticism the Know Nothing
lod'ie-5 «ao a-^ailii;u Tin-*,-access of the^e puntiples is im-
poj unr to tiie peipetuity ot our institutions. They are im-
portant to the honest administration of the Government—
they are important to the protection of the rights of the
Suae-;, i>nd or the lights of the citizens.*'
These words, I suppose, are to be interpreted
the " Democratic party,55 and not " the people
of the United Slates."
"They are important to the ceu^e of law and oider"—
my friends have taken under special guardian-
.ship the difficulties in Kentucky—
" and we do nor f-ee why gentlemen attached to such an
Administration should not contribute all honorable mam*"—
a singular combination of words—
"to counteract the violence of oigamzou mob-' m gtcat
cities*"—
to wit: Baltimore, where, from time immemorial,
the friends of xnv honorable friend upon the left
have made election after election one unbroken
scene of violence, denunciation, riot, budying,
and bloodshed. Theywre taught a lesson last
fall which they are not likely to forget. They
then hinted at bloody resolves, and now gentle-
men invoke the same argument of fear in favor of
this bill; but though hundreds (it was boastfully
hinted in Baltimore) were armed—many with
United States dragoon pistols—on election Hay,
they did not venture to use them; and we indulge
the hope that these heroes at menace in Wash-
ington will be as discreet in their valor—
u w ho«.e chief end and ami i- to subvert those pimciples.
Some of tne Know Nounns^ think the contribution lefened
to waa intended to piuehase when tlie iaet i- nolo-
liou-s, that it was intended snniih' to provide conveyance.-
tor such persons as ;i:e temporauly employed in thw eit\,
hut lenal voteis m Dalnmoie. Ilundicds and thousands of
men not in office—men  vho toil lor iheir hung at liard
iaboi—give not only hbeiaily of then money. hut of their
time, to aswM the great eau-e of toleration and Dejnoeiacv.
There is scarcely a town or a township in this wide Union
in winch men are not to lie found of tin.- character. Xo-
hodv aeeu-e- them oi'eonupt {iiirpo.-es; and we cannot see
win any such accusations -iiould beu'irarued loraniomoit
when uiai'e aram^t persons holding oh'i^c under a ^/ aight-
fjrivard and straightnut Demot rutu, vidnnn^tratwn.'*
This, sir, is eminently Democratic—conceived
in the just spirit of that noble sentiment of a dis-
tinguished gentleman in another part of this
Capitol, which regards adherence to the party as the
exclusive test of character, and covering with its
charitable mantle a multitude of sins! iVo wonder
that the party is pure, when the criterion of purity
is holding office under this straightout Democratic
lidminhtration.
"Those who are not for us in this fi%h? tac us a mt v>.
Men n ho doult hi tunes of trial like this s/iyuM hp mad" Lo give
nay."'
Doubt is no part of the Democratic creed; and
in this jight doubt is treason. Of what use is a
man who doubts the fitness of governmental
interference in elections, when those elections
must be lost without it? Doubt implies a scruple
about doing what is necessary; and a man who
so doubts is damned for one of steadier nerves,
and must be made to give way—
l' to men who do not doubt, but who believe that the suc-
cess of the Demociahc paity in the coming elections, as
well of tins year as 18.56"—
ay, sir, they have been trembling with pre-
monitory symptoms of the fall chills of 1S56, for
two seasons past; and it is much to bo feared
that the shaking they got last fall may serve
them with renewed violence, and it may bo a
violence fatal to their valetudmaiian power. We
will prepaie nodding plumes and solemn black
for decent burial—si quid aecidat ■'—
'•who believe that the success of the Dcmoeiati-'' party
in the coming elections, n< well of tins year u  of 1S53. i-s
esanlial to the preseu ation of the Union."*
Indeed, sir, a singular combination of the bane
and antidote ! it was their success m 18j"2, and
their conduct since 185*3, which alone has shaken
it—alone has disturbed it. It lay as peacefully,
as quietly, as seeuiely, in the affections of the
people fis em infant on its mother's broost, till
thv."v, at the instigation of an unholy ambition, i
poisoni"i their b'ood and inflamed their passions, j
it \va< thev who made the peaceful night horrid :
with their* clank of the fire-bell, before whose
sound the prophetic mmd of Jeiferson trembled.
It was they who, without one petition, without
any popular demand, without any political neces-
j sity, without the excuse of any practical good,
j hoped for or pretended, to the dismay of the
| peaceful millions of the South, and the indigna-
; tion of the moderate millions of the North, with
; views of party ambition lekindled the smolder-
! mg and dying embers of the sia\ery war, and
committed the Union to the strife of fierce fac-
tions of which they are most dangerous.
Saviors <?f the tJmon! They tire the evil
j genii of the Union, who fust stirred those sub-
: terranean fires whence came that earthquake
! which lately rocked its deep foundations,
i To commit the Union to them for safe-keeping
| is quasi aguom lupo committcrederorandam!
But this precious collection of election morah-
; ties proceeds—
i " We therefore heartily commend Mr. Wa^hin^ton'1—
: alns for that illustrious n<mie in such a connec-
, tion!
"'of the Tr^a-ury IVpnrrment. for hi- activity and energy
m tne contribution alluded to. and \u hope the «ooa example
i may be lollowe.l t;uou<mout ttu; f.'mmi."
j That is the language of Piety and good morals,
i Sir, the laborer i.s worthy of his hire; and it
j does not he in the mouth of the employer to
I plead the turpitude of the employment. Grat-
■ ltude even is not misplaced to one who has
i served them well in evil doing; but the public
1 morals require that it should be explained that
I this k{ good example " is one only good to the
i men of this Administration—abhorred of every
other party in this country. It is only good to
that party which, after a career the leant mod-
erate, circumspect, and scrupulous, in the ex-
ample it has set m its heyday of youth and
power, has now. in its old age and decrepitude,
become the special guardian of the "principles
of civil and religious liberty, so violently assailed
by a sec^t political party known as the Know
Is'otlnng party."
1'h^v piously and fitly quote Scripture to prove
that whoevei is not with them is against tie m.
j Their first points of political molality are «'M-
l bodied in tUis good (j ample; and the honorable
; gentleman from Georgia, at an oarher period of
; the session, discoursed largely and eloquently
of secret oaths, and forbidden pledges, and mid-
i night conspnaeies against religious and civil hb-
! erty of evil example.
I listened, sir, with great pleasure, but small
edification, to that homily. lis only effect on my
obduiate lu-arl was, when! reflected on the recent
! hibtoiy of tlii; political party in whose behalf it
I was preached, to recall the closing semes of \"an-
■ if v Fjir—witn Becky ►Sharp bringmg up bt hiud
the chai itr t'-bh'.
Mr. COiio. of Georgia, obtained the floor.
! Mr. CAMPHELL, of Ohio. I wish to pro-
pose a substitute ior the pending bill, which will,
' I think, meet with the vie\vs of all gentlemen,
j Mr. COBB. An amendment is not in order at
I this time; there is a motion to commit pending.
! Mi. CAMPBELL. Well, go on.
I Mr. CODH. i desire to re|'ly to the remarks
; which luve been made on the other side of the
question, and 1 also intend to propose an nmend-
' ment myself. Tncrefore, I am not willing to
' pursue a course which will preclude mc from that
j opportunity.
i The gentleman from Maryland, Mr. Speaker,
, who has just taken his seaLbecanv more ardent,
I more eloquent, and more enthusiastic, nt that
! point of ins remarks where- he indulged in a
j charge of eoah'ion asrainstlns fiiends on thisside
of the House with the Republicans on the other
! side.
i The gentleman seemed to lay much stress upon
! the idea, that to carry this bill through there had
t been a coahiion between the Republican and the
Democratic parties. The history of this session of
! Congress, made up on your record, will exhibit to |
■ the country whether the coalition with the Re-;
| publicans has been more frequently made, and ,
1 more successfully earned out by the party of my j
' friend from Maryland, or by the Democratic party. 1
! There was not a full coalition at the time that you, ;
sir, were cond ucted to that chair, but it was not the
' fault of rny friend from Maryland. _ [Laughter.] ■
He says now, that on this question we have .
formed a coalition. Will he look at the record 1
! and see how the vote stands on the test questions i
! that have been before the House ? if he does, he i
I will find himself there recorded with amuch larger !
i number of the Kepublicnu party than he will find
recorded with this side of the House. But, in
addition to all that, sir, my friend from Kentucky
[Mr. H. Marshall] was not so horrified at the
idea of coalition with tho Republican party oil
yesterday, for he made a direct appeal to them to
come to the rescue, and to stand by them. Not
only is the coalition existing between you and the
majority of the Republican party,butit is actually
existing at your earnest request, and all who do
not unite and cooperate with you have themselves,
and not you, to blame for that. You are innocent.
My friend from Kentucky, on yesterday, appealed
to them. He said:
j u Geiitlenivn on the other side will understand that I am
1 not MirnriTd at the course they are pursuing. I havo
j olwavs uudei-tood their vie ws; but I had supposed that the
I views of tin- -?de <>f lite IJou-e were more conservative of
j file rights of the nutivo citizen, and more nearly coincided
t with the view- oi the crront mass; of the American people
i upon the que:-tion< connected with suffrage."'
Xviy friend from Kentucky thought yesterday
i that his party and the Republican party were
: lteai er together than were the Republican party
I and the Democratic party. I thought lie" was
| right yestero;iy. I am of the same opinion to-day,
i and I give him the full benefit of all that he can
! make out of it. Hut the gentleman from Mary-
land is not only responsible for the appeals macLc
by his party associate. ITe himself concluded
Ins argument to-day by addressing himself most
earnestly to the anti-JNebraska sentiment of that
side of the House, in order to induce a sympathy
with him on this question, and to get them to
unite with him in warring on this bill. Take,
then, your own appeal, the appeal of your friend,
your own record, the record of your friends made
during this session of Congress, and they all point
to that more important coalition which is to defeat
the Democratic candidate for the presidency, and,
if you have the power, and if your influence be
felt, to install into the presidential chair a Black
Republican.
But, sir, I am not disposed to leave the true
merits of this question and to follow tho gentle-
man from Maryland off on these side issues. He
has made points on this bill, and I propose to
meet them. Sir. the best reply that I can offer to
what has been smd by my friend from Maryland
would be to call the attention of the House for one
moment to the provisions of this bill. What are
they? Four objects are proposed to be accom-
plished by it. One is to preventthe commissioners
of elections from committing frauds in the elec-
tion. ' Another is to enable the minority of the
board of aldernv n and ewnunun eouncd to have a
voice at the poMs by ha\mg a representative of
their own friend.-1 there, although he will be m a
minority. The third is to provide for additional
pieemcts in order that all the citizens may have
an opportunity of voting without such scenes of
riot, confusion, and, it may be, bloodshed, as
have occurred m other cities. The fourth is to
give ample time for voting—between seven o'clock
m the morning and seven o'clock in the afternoon.
These are the four provisions of this bill which
have been denounced as such an outrageon Amer-
ican sentiment and American principle.
Which one of these provisions outrages the
American sentiment of the country? Is it that
which requires your commissioners of election to
act honestly? for, with all that my friend from
Maryland has said, no honest commissioner will
subject himself to the penalties of the law*. Every
dishonest one ought to be subjected to them. I
apprehend, then, that no one will place his op-
position to the bill upon that provision. I will
discuss more fully the details of the argumentin
regard to that provision. Is there an objection
u/allowmg the minority a member of the board
of commissioners of election, as provided for in
this bill? Do gentlemen desire that the majority
shall have the entire control of the ballot-box,
connected with the fact that they are unwilling to
subject those who have the control of the votes
to the penalties which this law proposes to impose
for dishonest and fraudulent conduct?
Put the two provisions together, and a man
less charitable than myself might place a very
unfavorable construction upon the opposition of
gentlemen to these provisions of the bill—the
construction that you are determined, first, that
the minority shall have no commissioner there to
aid m superintending the election; and that you
are determined, secondly, that a commissioner
who perpetrates fraud upon any citizens, or upon
