THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
some subordinate to make out the estimates, and
send them in withoutexamination. They are then
ordered by the House to be printed, and the Com-
mittee of "Ways and Means adopt them without
sufficient investigation.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] had looked into the history
of* oar proceedings he would not have made the
last remark which fell from him. He will find,
and any gentleman will find, that the Departments
have long since abandoned that good old custom,
^which ought to have been kept up, of sending
the estimates through the Treasury Department.
They do send them through that Department at
the commencement of the session; but after that
time, as a general rule, they do not.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. They have al-
feady done so this session in several cases.
Mr. HOUSTON. The chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means says there are many
such cases this session. That is the general prac-
tice; I know it, and speak only what I know.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clingman] says he would like to have some one
toame a case in which the Committee of Ways
and Means have attempted to get clear of busi-
ness. I will call his attention to a case which
occurred at the last Congress. The gentleman
must have known it at the time; but I take it for
granted he has forgotten it..
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have.
Mr. HOUSTON. Estimates for the navy-yard
had been properly referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means. That committee, however,
believed some reforming legislation necessary be-
fore the estimates should be passed upon; and,
believing the Committee on Naval Affairs to be
the proper committee to propose such reforms,
the Committee of Ways and Means suspended
action upon the estimates until the Naval Com-
mittee should act upon what we considered its
branch of the subject; and L submitted to the
House a resolution calling upon the Naval Com-
mittee to inquire into it. The naval appropria-
tion bill was delayed for some time for that
action, and was finally reported to the House,
omitting the navy-yards altogether, and leaving
them to come in as amendments after the Naval
Committee should make us examination. Now,
sir, if the Ways arid Means had been seeking to
obtain control of the business of the other com-
mittees, it could vt-ry easily have acted in this
instance; hut, believing that branch of legislation
should be initiated by the Naval Committee, we
preferred that it should make its investigation
and report. A gentleman asks me why liot do
so now ? I am not now a member of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I am a member of
another committee, and I am trying to keep every-
thing away from that committee which does not
properly beFbng to it. if the gentleman willlook
at the Journal of the House for the last four
years, he will find that the Committee of Ways
and Means have repeatedly reported back to the
House business which the House lmd referred to
them by petition or otherwise. We reported it
back, because we believed it properly belonged
to other committees.
My friend from Virginia upon my left [Mr.
Faulkner] will remember another case wluch
occuircd during the last Congress. During the
last Congress there were propositions before the
House to make modifications in the military de-
partment of the Government. Before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means acted upon the esti-
mates for the pay of the Army, I had the honor
to submit to the House a resolution calling upon
the Committee on Military Affairs to examine
and report upon the subject.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that that matter was referred to his
committee, and that, before acting upon it, they
called for a supplemental report from another
committee ?
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all. The estimates
were referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Air. CLINGMAN. Well, they were referred
upon your suggestion.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may be. I have al-
ways endeavored to have papers referred to the
proper committees. If the gentleman will con-
sult the Journal, he will see what I have asked
for. There are two cases in which the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means not only refrained from
interfering with the business which might be
thought to belong to other committees, but ac-
tually delayed reporting the appropriation bills
for the purpose of enabling other committees to
report upon the subject.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It seems, then, that this
business was referred to the gentleman's com-
mittee, probably upon his own motion, but when
the committee got it before them they found they
could not manage it, and then proposed to de-
volve a part of it upon other committees. They
found that they had taken more than they could
digest, and then they proposed to disgorge part
of it. Clearly, that goes to support my case.
The committee, no doubt, came before the House
and had the matter referred to them without ex-
amination, but when they came to look into the
matter, they found that they had more work than
they could accomplish, and then asked that other
committees should help them. My friend from
New York [Mr. Haven] says it was a clear case
of excessive distension of the stomach. [Laugh-
ter.] I suppose it was.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman's supposi-
tion in this case is precisely like all his other
suppositions through the whole course of his
remarks, entirely incorrect. The matter was not
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The estimates were sent to the Committee of
Ways and Means; but the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, or the Committee on Naval Affairs,
were the committees to propose reforms in those
two branches of the public service. We never
claimed the power of proposing any such reforms,
nor was the subject-matter of these reforms ever
referred to us. They were placed before the
country; they were put before the two Houses of
Congress; and, being known to the Committee of
Ways and Means, we suspended action upon the
appropriate bills for the purpose of awaiting the
action of other committees. The matter was not
referred to us.
Now,sir,my friend from South Carolina says,
that the Committee of Ways and Means has been
absorbing the business of Congress. I know I
never asked for aav business to be sent to that
committee which I aid not thiuk belonged appro-
priately to it; and that opinion of mine was shared
by the House. So, if I committed an error in thnt
way, the House, I suppose, committed the same
error.
But I was going to notice the criticism of the
gentleman on the amendment to the rule. The
amendment to the rule was not introduced because
of the grasping disposition of the committee, but
it was because—as has been the case for the last
twenty years—the House was disposed to ingraft
on the reports of the Committee of Ways and
Means that which did not belong to thorn. They
were disposed to ingraft upon their bills things
which the committee renamed as private claims.
My friend from South Carolina remembers how I
fought against this system. He and every other
member of the last Congress, and of the Congress
before that, know that I universally resisted all
propositions to ingraft on bills of the committee
things which did not belong to them; and the
clause of tin-* uile, as read, was to support the
Committee of Ways and Means in their efforts to
keep their bills pure and clean from amendments
which they regarded as not in order, either as
germane or otherwise.
Mr. KEITT. I rise to a point of order. I
want to know whether the appropriate committee
for this matter is not the Committee on Claims?
Here is a proposition claimed by two committees,
and I raise the question that the appropriate refer-
ence ofitisto the Committee on Claims. [Laugh-
ter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. There is no proposition pending
to refer the message to any committee except the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I was about to say that,
with regard to that branch of the subject last
alluded to by the gentleman from Alabama, as to
putting in private claims upon appropriation bills,
I make no charge against the committee. I have
reference altogether to public business; and I have
attained my object now, in having called the at-
tention of the House to the subject, which 1 hope
will be looked into.
Mr. WINSLOW. I merely rise to say, Mr.
Speaker, that this is a very important matter—
extremely important; and I think it ought to be
very thoroughly discussed. This is a contest
between the Committee of Ways and Means and
the Committee on Military Affairs. But non
nostrum tantas componere lites. I wish to see the
House take some time in the investigation of this
subject. It involves some principles which ought
to be fully deliberated on and discussed. Togive
an opportunity for full deliberation, I move that
the rlouse do now adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gen-
tleman from North Carolina will withdraw his
motion to adjourn.
Mr. WINSLOW. I cannot deny any favor
to my friend from Tennessee; I withdraw the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to inquire of the
Chair as to what would be the condition of the
question if we should now adjourn?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the message would go to the Speaker's table, and
come up in order.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then we had better not
adjourn until the matter bo decided.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think, sir, that
the difficulty in this particular ease arises from
the fact, that the message which has been read
contains matter which should appropriately goto
different committees; or, in other words, perhaps,
that the communication from the War Depart-
ment, according to my notion of things, improp-
erly recommends an appropriation of $3,000,000.
Sir, all matters relating to the increase of the
Army, all matters pertaining to the organization of
the Army,to the improvement of arms and imple-
ments of war, to the commencement of fortifica-
tions or new works, appropriately go to the
Committee on Military Affairs; and until that
committee shall report, and make their recom-
mendations, and present to the House something
which shall become law, there is no earthly ne-
cessity for an appropriation. But, sir, if the first
part of this message, after being maturely inves-
tigated by the Committee on Military Affairs,
should result in a favorable recommendation from
that committee, and if their recommendation
should be concurred in by Congress, and the im-
provement or increase of arms authorized, then—
that being the law—it will be the duty of the head
of the War Department, with the law before him,
to make his estimate specifically to carry out the
provisions of the law. Then, when these esti-
mates would be sent to the House, they would
appropriately go to the Committee of Ways and
Means, as all estimates lor appropiiations, and
all propositions for the raising of revenue to meet
appropriations, should appropriately go. But all
new legislation pertaining to the Army, pertain-
ing to the Navy, pertaining to the different in-
terests of the country, should go to their appro-
priate committee, and estimates should be sub-
mitted, after the laws had been passed, to meet
the requirements of such laws. Thus, sir, if you
will look back to the legislation of the country,
to those who fiamcd the eaily laws, and to those
also who fiamed the rules of this House, you will
find that they were wise, good, and patriotic men.
They provided that the estimates for the appro-
priations for this Government—for all its various
departments—should be made to the Secretary of
the Treasury, and that he should make them
direct to the Congress of the United States. And
why, sir, is that necessary ? it is necessary be-
cause your Secretary of the Treasury should know
what are to be the aggregate demands upon your
Treasury, and that he may know whether or not
he will be prepared with the means to meet the ap-
propriations. But suppose the War Department
sends hero without coming through the Treasury,
and asks for an appropriation of $3,000,000?
Suppose the Navy Department comes through
the Naval Committee, or through my friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] and asks for the build-
ing of sixteen steam war frigates, involving the
appropriation of many millions of dollars; the
Secretary of the Treasury has no information
upon the subject, and how is he to be prepared to
"lake suitable recommendations, and sec that he ,
has suitable means to meet them? Suppose the
House should carry out the recommendations of
the Secretary of War, and should pass a bill in
accordance with them, and the first official inform-
ation the Secretary of the Treasury has that the
