1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Fuller, of Pennsylvania.
Ho. op Reps.
•Uence allowed himself to be vindicated,a Bimple
narration of fHcts will, I apprehend, set this mat-
ter risht so for as I am concerned. They are as
follows:
On Wednesday evening of the first week of the
session, as my colleague will well remember, at
a meeting of the delegation from our State, at
which he was present, I declared in answer to
specific interrogatories, that if Kansas should
apply for admission as a State into the Union,
with" a population sufficient to entitle her to a
representative in Congress, and her people, by
a clear and unmistakable majority, should decide
in favor of a slave constitution, I did not see how
I could vote against her admission. There could
have been no misapprehension, therefore, in re-
gard to my views among my colleagues. • One of
them [Mr. Robisov] very frankly stated, at that
meeting, that he could support me no longer; and
he accordingly, the following day, voted tor the
gentleman wlio fills the chair; but my colleague
from the Cumberland district [Mr. Todd J con-
tinued to vote for me during the next thirteen
ballots; and then commenced with a majority of
our delegation to vote for the present Speaker,
and had so voted for at least a week before I
addressed the House, and was followed by his
extraordinary declaration. I had no previous
acquaintance with my colleague. I met him here
for the first time, and he will do me the justice to
•ay, that in no interview of ours had 1 announced
any sentiment or opinion different from that at
the meeting stated.
I had said no more in the House than I had
said to him out of it, and after which he contin-
ued his support of me; yet he rose in his place,
and made that most remarkable speech, prefer-
ring mutilation and physical dismemberment to
the dread alternative of having voted for me.
I had hoped, that with the close of the contest
the necessity of further explanation had ceased
also. But gentlemen, from some real Or supposed
necessity of their own, have felt themselves called
upon to inquire into my past history. A conve-
nient instrument at home was found ready and
willing, as a volunteer, to stretch a drag-net over
ray State and district, to ascertain if, in the unsus-
pecting frankness of private correspondence, or
in the confidence of personal friendship, 1 had
not written or said something which might be
employed to my prejudice. His " patient search
and vigil long" was rewarded by the discovery
of an ancient manuscript, now widely known as
the Sax ton letter. I find myself charged here, by
the public press and in various letters addressed
by congressional gentlemen to their constituents,
with having written a letter, on the 18th day of
August, 1849, to one B. F. Sax ton, soliciting the
Free-Soil nomination for Canal Commissioner of
Pennsylvania, declaring myself to be "aWilmot-
proviso man up to the nub, and utterly opposed
to the extension of slavery."
This letter I pronounce here publicly—as I
have done elsewhere privately—m forgery. I do
not know, and never knew, any man by the
name of B. F. Saxton. I did know a Mr. F. Sax-
ton, a lawyer in my district, to whom I did write
a private letter, in reply to one received from
him. This letter, according to Mr. Saxton'sown
statement, which 1 have here, was stolen from his
possession, fraudulently altered, and then pub-
lished. So far from soliciting a Free-Soil nom-
ination, as I am charged with having done, the
particular object of my letter was, to induce Mr.
Saxton to exert himself to prevent any nomina-
tion whatever; and the language ascribed to me,
of being a Wilmot-proviso man up to the hub,
nowhere appeared in the letter. This letter, thus
surreptitiously obtained, and by some person to
me unknown, was reconstructed by putting to-
gether half sentences, and the manufacture of
whole ones; and, thus reproduced, was palmed
upon the public. The fraud was exposed at the
tune, and it sunk of itself into seven years' ob-
livion—for all this happened seven years ago,
and, to my knowledge, has not been alluded to
since, until a month or two ago, a bitter and
unscrupulous enemy at home reissued it as
genuine.
I have here Mr. Saxton's letter, -written at the
time of its original publication, stating the theft,
and pronouncing the published letter to be a for-
gery.* I have the letter of a gentleman who saw
my letter before it was mailed, and I have a letter
from a gentleman who saw it after it wasreceived.f
But, to complete the proof, and now to clinch
this falsehood and quiet it forever. I have, most
fortunately, in my own handwriting, a copy of
my letter to Mr. Saxton.} These letters the
hour allowed me will not permit me to read, but
they shall go forth with tue publication of my
remarks.
1, of course, exonerate honorable gentlemen
here who have made use of this letter, from all
knowledge of its true character. I have been in-
formed that the original letter, in ray handwriting,
and over my signature, is now here for exhibition,
in ease of my denial of the authenticity of the
published letter. That letter, having been sur-
reptitiously obtained from Mr. Saxton,is, doubt-
lessly, in the .possession of some person who
could, and would be, willing to produce it, if it
will sustain the allegation made. 1 here, and now,
challenge its production. Let it be brought forth,
and it will prove the one published to be a for-
' gery. I here, and now, deny its authorship, de-
nounce it as a forgery, and defy its production.
I ! I come now to the next charge in the bill of in-
dictment against me,which is, that on the 29th day
! of September, 1849,1 made a speech in Alleghany
City, in which 1 declared that it was the duty of
.lor'thcrn men " to insist on the earliest practical
abolition of slavery." I deny the utterance of
any such sentiment. The facts are these: I was
then a candidate for Canal Commissioner, and did
address a meeting in that city ut the time stated.
I remember it well. It was at night, in the market-
house. There was a large crowd, and much
shouting. Some lovers of mischicf sprung a
sudden cry of " fire," which disturbed, and came
near breaking up, the meeting. The good people,
with that instinctive sense of preservation of self
and property natural to us all, began to separate;
the alarm, however, proved to be a false one, order
was restored, and I proceeded to the end of my
speech. There were no reporters present, nor
any accommodation for them, so far as I saw.
The following day, I remember to have seen what
purported to nave been a report of my speech,
but in language and sentiment so much stronger
than any I had uttered, that I really did not recog-
nize it; and remarked, as I well remember, this
fact to the publisher of one of the journals in
which the report appeared. He informed me that
it had been written out from memory, and not
from notes taken at the meeting, if 1 know my-
self, I have never entertained or expressed any
sentiment in favor of northern interference, to
secure the abolition of slavery.
So far from uttering sentiments hostile to the
< South, and endeavoring to excite an unfavorable
i sentiment to it in the North, 1 have always advo-
* cated the cultivation of good feelings ana kindly
relations between the two .sections of the Union.
That I did so, at this particular time, 1 have the
strongest assurance; for, on examination of my
notes, prepared for my addresses in Alleghany
City and Pittsburg, I find myself to have held the
following language: " I believe, among our breth-
ren of the South, there is as high a sense of honor,
as noble a spirit of patriotism, as much of self-
sacrificing devotion to country, as is to be found
anywhere. 1 cherish with pride the recollections
of ouf early history. I believe in a strict ad-
herence to-all compromises of the Constitution.
The Constitution recognizes slavery, and guaran-
ties its existence. That Constitution was itself
a compromise, made at a time when an independ-
ent existence could not have been secured with-
out it. I say, then, if the people of the South are
still disposed to cherish this institution, let them.
It is their right to do so."
These were my views of constitutional duty
then, as they now_are. That I expressed myself
adverse to slavery"! shall not deny. I may nave
j i expressed myself strongly on that subject, but
u not in language of reproach towards the South,
j | I may have said, and would say now, with Henry
I Clay," the Searcher of all heartsknowsthatevery
1 pulsation of my mind beats high and strong in
i the cause of civil liberty. Wherever it is safe
and practicable, I desire to see every portion of
* Appendix, (4.) f Appendix, (5.) } Appendix, (6.)
the human family in the enjoyment of it. But I
prefer the liberty of my own country to that of
any other people, and the liberty of my own race
to that of any other." True it is, I am a Penn-
! sylvanian—ready, I trust, to do battle in her be-
half. I am a northern man, sharing the opinions
and sentiments of my people, and ready to con-
tend for my section; but in relation to my fellow-
citizens in other parts of the country, I will treat
their feelings with respect, and make no war upon
their constitutional or legal rights. In times past,
and in the ardor of controversy, I may, without
reflection, have expressed myself in a manner
1 which my cooler judgment would condemn. I
had then no expectation that anti-slavery agita-
tion would erect itself into a formidable element
for political power. Nothing could have been
further from my thoughts than that which has
since taken place, and is now being realized—that
efforts should so far succeed in creating a belief
that there is such a real difference of local inter-
ests and views as to organize any considerable
party upon a geographical basis. Errors of opin-
ion I have doubtless entertained and expressed
upon many subjects. Who has not? I nave no
such pride of consistency, no such obstinacy of
opinion, as would induce me to cling to mistaken
views, and refuse to embrace the truth when per-
suaded that I had been in the wrong. Standing
amidst the mist of former errors, we may well
exclaim with Ajax, when battling in the cloud—
" Dispel this cloud, the light of Heaven restore;
Give me to see, and Ajax asks no more V1
But I am charged with having an " oblivious"
memory, in stating that" I was not a member of
the Congress of 18o0, "and had never been called
on to either affirm or deny the constitutionality
of the Wilmot proviso;" that "my' political
existence commenced since that flood; 'and that,
" having never taken any public position," I was
" willing, in all frankness and candor, to do so
now." It is alleged that I had taken such a po-
sition in the political canvass of 1849, in my own
State. In employing the language I did, I of
course meant, ana was understood as meaning,
that I had never been called on officially to speak
or act upon the subject; that my political—mean-
ing my congressional—existence had commenced
since. Taken in connection with my other re-
marks, I could not have been understood other-
wise by any one disposed to examine with fairness
and treat with candor. Candidate as I was, in
1849, for an office, the duties of which'were purely
of a local character, and in the performance of
which I could not possibly be called on to aet
officially on the subject of slavery, I was not guilty
of the folly of undertaking to argue a great con-
stitutional question like that of the Wilmot pro-
viso. It is true, that slavery, in consequence of our
then recent acquisition of territory from Mexico,
was discussed by both parties, not only in our own,
but other States. I discussed it, in the tone and
spirit already stated.
As that canvass has been referred to and made
the subject of so much epistolary production, it
may be refreshing to our Democratic friends
briefly to review the past history of Pennsylvania
, politics. Let us inquire who are without sin, and
therefore permitted to cast the first stone. As
gentlemen interested in my antecedents have only
gone back to 1849, I will refer them to an earlier
period. I would have been willing, as remarked
early in the session, to let the deaa past bury its
own dead; but, as members have indulged them-
selves in antiquarian researches, I will read a few
tombstone inscriptions also. Passing along the
political graveyard of buried opinions, I find it
recorded that, on the 23d day of November, A. D.
1819, no less distinguished a personage than
James Buchanan, in Lancaster county conven-
tion, presented the following resolutions:
" Resolved, That the Representatives in Congress fropi
this district be, and they are hereby, most earnestly re-
quested to use their utmost endeavors, as members of the
■ National Legislature, to prevent the exibtehoe or
| slavery in any of tk* Territories or Statu which may
erected by Congress.
j " Retolved, That in the opinion Of this meeting, the mem-
| bers of Congress, who at the last session sustained the cause
of justice, humanity, and patriotism, in opposing the intro-
duction of slavery into the State then endeavored to be
formed out of the Missouri Territory, are entitled to the
warmest thanks of every friend of humanity."
I am charged here, and by some of the Bu-
