1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2111
monolithic. They would cost less in pieces. It
was found, however, that they could be made
monolithic from a quarry in Massachusetts. Any
one who will take the trouble to look at the mat-
ter will be peifectly assured that, as regards
appearance and as regards permanence, getting
rid of all joints in the columns is a matter of the
highest moment. The difference of each column
in that respect, amounted, probably, to eight
hundred dollars. I forget the precise sum. I do
not consider this extravagance. In a matter like
this, when we arc building public edifices which
we mean to last as long as the nation lasts—and
we all hope that will be durable—true economy
does not consist in commcncing a building on a
scale of magnificence, and then frittering it down
by controlling the constructor m petty details, of
which personally we can know very little. You
must, after all, leave these things to the general
character and standing of the individual whom
you employ for the construction of your public
works. We criticise too much when wo enter
into details of that kind, and make them grounds
of objection. I think this is the cause of the
whole difficulty hcie. Congress is peipetually
changing; this scene is constantly occurring.
Several times, since I have been here, I have seen
it to a greater or less extent. A new member
comes in, with a very fiery idea of economy.
He knows nothing about the matter; but he
receives one-sided statements from interested
parties, that look very plausible, and he wants to
show his spirit of economy before the American
people. He takes hold of a question which he
knows nothing about, and by the time he comes
out he finds ho has not added much to his own
credit, or to the benefit of the country.
Mr. President, there are other points connected
with this provision of the House bill which are
injurious; but I have not time to advert to them.
I shall forbear to go into them exccpt to allude to
the distinction which was mentioned by the hon-
orable Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] It
has a double aspect; and by lar the worst feature
of the clause is that it excludes—ostracizes if you
will—every officer in the engineer service, and will
not permit the President within the scope of his
constitutional power to select him for a special
duty outside of the military service, even if he is
disposed to do so. I think that is unjust and im-
proper. I do not want any law to command the
President to select military officers; but, I think,
if they are competent, they ought to stand on the
same footing with others. Sure I am that, in the
better days of the Republic, such was the con-
templation of Congress in the law they passed in
3 806, without, reference to the construction of the >
Capitol, or any individual interests, or the action ,
of any particular officer. In the law establishing";
the rules and. regulations of war, passed in 180(3, i
this express provision is made in article sixfy- i
three: j
a The functions of the engineer being generally confined J
to the most elevated brands of rmiiuiry science, they are j
not to assume, nor aie they subject to be orcleied on, any ,
duty beyond tbe line of their immediate piofeveion, except i
by the &pecial Older of the President of the United States."' 1
That is a very proper provision. It looked,
and must have looked, to the fact that the Presi- ;
dent, in the cxercise of his discretion, if he found !
an individual in the Army a proper person for ''
performing functions connected with civil duties, 1
might select him for that superintendence. I do 1
not call this military superintendence. J. suppose ;
the President of the United States is a civilian, j
I know the Constitution of the United States j
intrusts the appointment and selection of agents !
to him, and was intended to intrust it tohmi; ;
and therefore we are encroaching on his discre- j
tion (which he ought to have, because the respons- '
ibility for the execution of the laws rests on '
him) when we undertake to insert a provision j
like this in the laws. It was not done formerly. !
I am not willing to make special legislation of j
this kind, whether it originates in political or j
party movements or in the interests of individu- ;
als. My belief is, that in the main, this particular |
provision has originated, not so much m political 1
frelmg, as in the personal designs of individuals.
It is different, however, as to the second clause
of the provision, which is leveled at the Secretary ■
of War alone. That I consider a mere political
effort. I think we had better not bring politics
into the construction of the Capitol. The Secre-
tary of War is an accomplished gentleman. He
has had charge of this work. He will only remain
in office some six or seven months more, and
then he becomes a member of this body with
ourselves. I see no reason why we should, legis-
late in reference to the particular incumbent of
the office at the existing time. If I were entirely
opposed to him, I would hold the same doctrine;
I would leave it to the President to assign to one
Department or another (for he is the responsible
party) the superintendence of the Capitol exten-
sion, or any other work, according to his discre-
tion and responsibility. It might be, that in many
cases, the Secretary of the Interior would be the
most proper person; in others, the Secretary of
War; and in others, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. I suppose the President of the United States
to be the best judge of the individual capacity of
the members ot his own Cabinet. Congress do
their duty in intrusting to the President the per-
formance of executive and administrative func-
tions; and they may then well hold him to the
responsibility of selecting proper persons; but if
they choose to trench on his discretion, they have
no right to hold him to responsibility. 1 trust
the entire provision will be stricken out, for the
reasons I have briefly stated.
A course of attack has been impliedly made
against the character of an officer for whom I
entertain a very high opinion, and that from
having watched him closely since he has been en-
gaged in the construction of this building; and
since I have been chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings for three years past, charges
have been impliedly, not directly made, and facts
stated calculated to reflect on him, and to convict
him of extravagance without any specific allega-
tion being stated. As 1 said before, lam perfectly
confident that, whenever any specific charge is
made, he it of extravagance, be it of misman-
agement, be it of peculation, or anything else,
Captain Meigs can answer it triumphantly, nnd
not a stain will rest on his character, but odium
fall on his accusers.
Mr. MALLOIIY. I should not regret the time
this subject takes up, but that every moment is
now impoitant; «uid I forbear saying what I de-
signed to do, Localise I concur with my friend
from Delaware entirely in everything he has said.
I rise to make one remark in relation to a gentle-
man concerned here, whom it has been rny good
fortune to know for a quarter of a century. The
investigation which hay been referred to as pro-
gressing m the House, touches Captain Bowman,
of the engineer corps. 1 presume Congress will
not hold him i(-sponsible for the plans of the
works he is supenniendmg, because the law does
not make him responsible fui the plans. They,
I understand, are under the control of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. Congress will not doubt
his skill as a mechanic, because ho unquestion-
ably stands at the head of the list of professional
mechanics and engineers in this country, lhold
it a direct impeachment of the character of that
officer. I have known Imnfor twenty-five years.
In my own State, and subsequently in South
Carolina, he has occupied the highest position,
not only for practical skill and science as an en-
gineer, but for honor and integrity. If I had no
other motive for voting against the provision
of the House, I should vote against it on that
ground.
Mr. HOUSTON. In the remarks which I
offered to the Senate it was not my design to cast
reflection on any one, or to implicate the char-
acter of any one,eithermediately or immediately
engaged in the public works. I am contending
for principle; I am endeavoring to break down,
so far as I can, the monopoly of the officers of
the Army; and I do not care whether that mo-
nopoly is created by law or by the President,
under his prerogative, or by the Secretary of
War. If I understand the remarks of the honor-
able gentleman from Delaware, for whom I have
much respect, m his reference to the law of 1806,
the president is invested with power to detail offi-
cers of the engineer corps to the highest branches
of military engineering; and he may, on special
occasions, detail them for other purposes. So
far as the constitutional prerogative of the Pres-
ident goes, it is merely to execute the laws of the
land. The power to employ military officers in
this service does not result from any portion of
his prerogative, but is accorded to him by law;
so that, by repealing that existing law, we-do not
encroach on the prerogative of the Executive.
Mr. BAYARD. The word 4t prerogative" is
not mine. I do not suppose the President has
any prerogatives.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the reporter's notes
will show that the gentleman used the term.
Mr. BAYARD. I think not; I spoke of the
President's constitutional power, not of his pre-
rogative.
Mr. HOUSTON. You may call it constitu-*
tional power, or constitutional prerogative, I care
not which. But, Mr. President, those opposed to
the principle of this provision object that it impli-
cates the charactcr of Captain Bowman and Cap-
tain Meigs. My remarks have not tended to
their implication, or to throw the slightest reflec-
tion on their character. They stand, in my esti-
mation, as high as gentlemen can stand in the.
Army or in the country. I am sure that no Scn-
atorswho have commended them by their remarks
have a higher appreciation of their worth as sci-
entific, honorable, and useful officers, than I have;
nor was it intended to implicate the character of
the President of the United States or the Secre-
tary df War. I believe it wrong in principle to
allow the military department of this Government
to regulate civil affairs, and spread the military*
power through all the ramifications of the nation.
That is my objection.
The honorable and distinguished Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] admits that no estimate
has been made which has not been exceeded.
None has ever been made where the requisite
amount for the completion of the work has not
largely exceeded the original estimate. That fact
proves the utter incapacity of individuals who
are detailed from the Army, to make estimates;
and if they are incapable of making the neces-
sary preliminary estimates, I hold that they are
liable to err in the execution of the work. I want
men who are qualified, and who will come for-
ward fairly, and put up the public buildings
properly, and economically. If an officer makes
an estimate, and that estimate is incorrect, he
should be instantly dismissed from his position,
3 care not who he is; but I have not alluded to
the increased appropriations that have been neces-
sary for the completion of the Capitol, and the
Treasury building, and the custom-houses. I have
not sought to implicate any gentleman, or to in-
volve the character of honorable men by reflec-
tion or innuendo; and I wish it understood that 1
desire to move that the proviso be so worded
that Captain Meigs and Captain Bowman shall
be exceptions to the rule. I insist, however,
upon the rule, and 1 shall vote for it upon prin-
ciple. I do so because I think it necessary to
the protection of the country. In every official
department of the Government, the officers of
that department are necessary to it; and if they
are necessary, they should be confined to their
appropriate duties. If they can he dispensed
with in the Army, dismiss them. If you detail
forty, or fifty, or one hundred officers, from the
Army, and employ them in civil vocations, their
duties in the Army must be neglected. They can-
not perform double duties. If their corps are thou-
sands of miles away, they cannot act at their bar-
racks or stations. The conscquenceis,they must
neglect cither one or the other, for you cannot
duplicate them. If they are in a situation where
the Army can dispense with their services, and
they are unnecessary for the Army, separate them
from that service, and give them a distinct depart-
ment, or dismiss them altogether. It only argues
an excess of officers m the Army. If the Army
establishment is greater than is necessary, the
fair deduction is, that you shouldreduce it to the
standard required by the wants of the country.
Whenever there is an excess of officers in the
Army, it ought to be abridged and reduced.
Instead of that, at the last session there was an
increase. Was it for the purpose of furnishing
men for civil employment? Is it not sufficient to
educate an officer for the Army at the public ex-
pense, and provide him with a commission, with-
out placing him m civil positions to the exclusion
of civilians? It is necessary that you should gumd
against this encroachment on the public interests
and the rights of the community at largo. I have
viewed it with alarm and horror. Every year
hundreds of officers are turned out by the Mili-
tary Academy and Naval School; and we are to
