1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287
men but these commissioners of electionJ Will
all the other citizens of the District still continue
to be subjected to this corrupt marshal, this dis-
honest judire, these infamous jurors; and is there
no voice raised on the floor of this House to ask
of Congress a remedy for these evils m the future,
and that justice may be done in the criminal
court of this District? It is a miserable scare-
crow raised up by the gentleman from Maryland,
for the purpose of hiding his retreat from the
argument. My friend from Maryland does not
believe that thut state of corruption exists here.
If ho doos, the sooner 1m nsk^ for nn investiga-
tion, ieudmg to an impeachment of these otficers,
the better. They deserve it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, ll^movol from
office is a shorter remedy.
Mr. OOHB. How do* you propose to do that;
Mr. DAVIS. On the 4th of March next.
Mr. COBR. 'When your paivy L'ets into pov, er:
Mr. DA VI:?. Pic:is''iy so-, by that mi-or*.
Mr. COBB. Death v. ill remove them all long
befoie that time. [Lau^iuu;-.]
Mr. DAVIS. Doos the honorable genllemnn
suppose that the midnight assassins will take
them off before that time:
Mr. COBB. I do not know of the movements
of these midnight assassins. You complain of
them in Baltimore. My friend from Kentucky
complains of some m Louisville. I know noth-
ing about it.
Mr. DAVIS. We dealt with them summarily
in both pbces.
Mr. COBB. I '"Xpeet you did. before as well a a
after the election. That was wIkh cr«.at«'d tho
dilricultv. If you had not been dealing with them
there would have been no trouble.
Mr. Speaker, I have considered the pro-
visions of this bill. I believe it was my fnend
from Alabama, [Mr. Walker,] who desired to
insert the word " willfully,''5 after the word
44 knowingly." I do not object to that; bin I
say the word "knowingly" eo\eis the "\.h<>le
ground : and to show that the argument upon thet
branch of the subject is intended only to create
difficulty and trouble in th* passage of this lull,
the gentleman from Maryland told yon tbv. if
you put m those words lie would not vote for it.
That would not be sufficient for his purnost..
Without eroing into a technical argument upon
the legal significance of the word ''knowingly,"
I put the question to every member of this House,
and by his answer to ins conscience let him
control his vote, if you pass a law for the punish-
ment of a commissioner for knov:in%l\j refusing
to alltpw a man to vote, and thereby violating o
provision of this law, i? taere a man here who
believes that there can he found e judge or
jury who wiU convict such a commissioner
when he conies with cjearc nonets and exliioitsan
honest purpose to discharge his duty as such
commissioner ? Is There a judge who sits upon
the bench, or a jury that sits in the box. who,
for any political or party purpose, would allow
the conviction of an honest man who has at-
tempted honestly and faithfully to discharge h!s
duty? Theie is not a man here who V-thcve^
that any such conviction ever will take place,
because the law would not authorize or justify it,
and we are bound to believe that the courts wiM
enforce the law. And. as is suggested by my
friend from South Carolina, if they were disposed
to conviction of these parties, could_ they do it
under the language used in this bill, without
there was manifested a clear intent on the part
of the accused to violate the law?
But, in addition to all tlmt, the friends of this
bill occupy a strange position. At present they
are excluded, or not heard, in the appointment
of commissioners. Tins law provides the mode
m which they shall have a hearing. Their own
commissioners are subjected to flic penalties of
this bill, as well as the commissioners appointed
by the opposite parties; and is it not strange that
men who are seeking for the first time to obtain
a right which, under the administration of this
eit/covermnent, they could not obtain, should
now'ask to have pains and penalties attached,
which will operate upon themselves and their own
friends, unless they believed that these pains and
penalties were necessary for the purpose of pro-
tecting the ballot-boxes?
I shall not, Mr. Speaker, reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from Maryland, in reference to
the Administration urging this measure forward, i
For niysclf, I am perfectly willing that this Ad- j
ministration and the Democratic party shall be
identified with this measure. I am willing that !
you should hold them responsible for it. I have J
in these few remaik-s placed myself upon the I
record in defense of the provisions of this bill. I j
pni that defease upon tin; principles of justice and
ot (.'quality. Thr arguments I have offered upon
ihc .subject of suffrage rest upon the puociple of
perfect equality between naturalized citizens and
native-born em/ens; and. so fir as the bill.eot-s in
reference to the punishment of nvn commuting
a fraud upon the bcllot-boxi s, I desire to know
who here stand opposed to it- Let tin record be
madr. We tender the issue if gentlemen see
proper to meet it. There rests the issue; there
shail oin votf s be recorded upon that issue, and
let the country decide between us who is right i
and who is v>rong. I am-willing to abide the i
judgment of the people throuirhuut ihe land,*!
upon proi'Mpk-'S involved m till-- b.'l.
M±*. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, j the gentle-
man from Kentucky to withdraw his motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, in older t'nm I may have
an opportunity to propose a substitute for the
bill. *
Mr. MARSHALL. I will consent to do so,
so far as that is concerned. 1 am perfectly willing
that the gentleman "s substitute bhall come in. and
1 I will withdraw my motion, with the understand-
ing that he will renew it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wilt renew it, and twill :
caU ihe previous question upon it. :
Mr. J ONES, of Tennessee. 1 rise to a ques- .
rion of order. The gentleman from Kentucky ;
has withdrawn his motion to commit, has he
not' $
, The SPEAKEB. He has.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am very much disposed
to allow any proposition to tome in. but I do not
' wish to yield my motion to commit the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask that the substitute
may be read.
Mr. MARSHALL. I withdraw my motion
to commit, in order that the gentleman may offer
his substitute, upon his pledge that he will re-
new it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will consider that mo-
: tion now made, and the previous question called.
Mr. JONE-S. I then make tin.s question of or-
' der. Theic is aheidynn amendment pending,
oifered by the genti< man fiore. Kentucky; and
while that, pending a substitute cannot be
offered. I will oiler the one [ sent up to the desk,
in lieu of the one ofured by the gentleman from
Kentucky: and if that is accepted then i will in-
terpose no objection to the gentleman from Ohio
ofieringhis substitute. Then they will all be be-
fore the Hons-3.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask that the substitute
may be read.
Mr. JONES. I understand that the gentleman
from Kentucky 3ias""withdrnwn his motion ^ to
commit; and he cannot now renew it, not having
' got the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
the gentleman from Kentucky withdrew, at the
, request of the gentleman from Ohio, his motion
i to commit; and the gentleman from Ohio has the
! floor, and proposes the following amendment:
Strike out all alter the Piiactmg clau^ and insert:
' Thai ji shall be the duty ot* the city corporation to pro-
, vide at 1ki>uwo election piecinclsm each w ard ; to appoint
; commi-spioners to superintend elections in the same; and
to adopt sucii othei regulation* an ni'iy be necessary to give
lull foicc and cftVet to tin? section
h<EC. 0. And whereas native-born citizen"?, residents of
! the city of Washington, who anive at the age ni twenty-
I onevea^ between the tfir-t day oi December next preceding
' the election and the day of election, are not allowed to vote
. attach election—
' Be 11 further enactcd. That no person being naturalized
ij between the la?t day of December and the day of the su^-
II oeerimg election shall be entitled to vote at &uch next stie-
:, ceedmg election. < ,
; Sec. 3. Beit further enactcd, That at all elections to he
j held in the city of Washington for municipal officers, the
j polls shall be opened at seven o'clock, a. m., and cio*edat
; seven o'clock, p. in.; and that all acts and parts ot acts m-
! consistent with this act arc hereby lepealed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I now renew the motion
to commit, and call for the previous question.
; Mr. JOXF.S, of Tennessee. I submit the ques-
; tion whether the gentleman can offer that ameud-
| ment while there is an amendment pending?
; The SPEAKER. It is in order to submit the
, amendment. It is within the second degree of
amendment which the rules allow.
Mr. JONES. He would have a riff]it under
the rules to perfect the original; but while there is
, an amendment pending as a substitute, would he
: have a na'ht, to amend the other ?
! Mr. MARSHALL. I will end this dispute by
; just accepting: the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio in lieu of the amendment which I
olfered.
Mr. COBU; of Georgia. Let me offer mine as
an ami. ndment to that of the gentleman from
Ohio, and have it voted on,
Mr. CAMPBELL I ask the gentleman from
Kentucky to relieve me l'rom the promise which
1 made to move to commit, and allow us to have
1 the measure put upon its passage.
! Mr. MARSHALL assented.'
Mr. COBB. The gentlemen from Kentucky
] and fioni Ohio have agreed now on an amendment,
■ which goes to the point of excluding the natural-
, izvd I'ltixen and the native bom. I w.olt to ex-
tend tin right of voting to both, if gentSeni"U will
only ,'zive me the opportunity of having a voto
i upo a11.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdiaw the motion to
■ commit, and ask the previous question on the
passage of the bill.
i, Mr^JO-NES. I hope the motion to commit
li will remain, and be voted down.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
j. The question was first on Air. Campbell's
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
: Mr. CAMPBELLcalled for the yeas and nays.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the House now adjourn,
' will this business be the first 111 order to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. It will.
i Several Memuf.rs. Oh, let us finish it now.
! Mr. COKR. The main question having been
\ ordered, doc.s ;h:■ I bring it up in the morning?
The SPEAKE11. It retains the business be-
e fore the House on adjournment.
! Mr. STEPHENS. Then I move that the
j: House do now adjourn.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edie and
Paine were appointed.
Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PHELPS. I hope the motion to adjourn
will be withdrawn, that the message of the Pres-
ident may be presented t.o the House, so that the
House may know what it is.
Mr. MARSHALL. Oh, let us go on and
dccide this matter.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
j' the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Mc=3ta. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
! Bennett, JSen&on, IStnqlwm, Bradshaw, Broom, Ruffinton,
! Burlinsame, James H. Campbell, John P. Campbell,Lewis
| ]). Campbell, Carlile, Eir.i Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Cox,
| Culleii, Cumbaek, Henrv Winter Davis, Timothy Davis,
■ Dill lee", IMie, Edwards,'Evans, Flagler, Foster, Henry M.
'Fuller, Galloway, Gilbert, Hailan, J. Morrison Harris,
Haven, Hoffman, Ilolloway, Valentine H. Horlon, Knupp,
ilCmfht, Humphrey Marshall, ICilhan Miller, MUhvard,
Morrill, Andu'W Oliver, Paine, Parker, Pel ton. Peiry, Pettit,
1'ike, I'rmg'e. Purvianee. Puryear, Rieaud, Hfljetts. Uobi-
fcon, Sabin?Happ? Scott, Stanton, Strandhan, Tappa.n. Thor-
in ton, Tliiaston. Todd,Trafton, Trjppe,Tys>on, W:tU'ridffe,
■ Walker, Welch, Winfncy, Woodrufi", and Woodworth—15.
1 NAYr5—M^ssrs. Aiken, Allen, Barktdiilt1, Bell, Billing
' hurst, Uoooek, Bowie, Branch, Burnett, Cadwalader,
Hovveil Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb. Denver, Dowdcll,
i Edmurid^on. Eii^h^li. Faulkner, Florence. Thomas J. D.
'Full**ij Guidmqs Goode, Gieeiuvood, Crow. Ileibert,
i Hu-ih-ton. Geocc'1 W. Jon'fs, J. G-laney Jones. Kelly. Iud-
1 well, Letciier, Lumpkin. Samuel S. Marshail, Mattesoii,
. jMa\WPll, Meanh.un. fcrmith Miller, Mill-on, Morgan, Mur-
ray. PbeljK. Ricliaidson, ItulRn, ^andidse, Stewart, Tal-
h'Ht, Ta\lor, Warner, ^adwalader C. Washburne. iaraei
1 Washburn, V\ dtkms, Wells, Williams, and Daniel B,
!' Wright—54,
! 1 So the substitute was agreed to.
|: Pendinsr tbe call of the roll—
j j Air. BROOKS stated that he had paired off on
this question with Mr, Harrison, who was de-
!' tained from the House in consequence of busi-
i' 11CSS. . , ^ ,
i1 Mr. ETJSTIS stated that he had paired off with
!' his colleague, Mr. Davidson.
