1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 15,
Mr. PECK stated that he had paired off on
this bill with Mr. Lindley.
Mr. SNEED stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Harris, of Alabama, oil this bili.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Savage, who was present in the
early part of the session, having left the Hall in
conscguence of ill health, had paired off on this
bill with Mr. A. K. Marshall.
Mr. KEITT asked leave to make a statement
before recording his vote.
Mr. FLAGLiER objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was
agreed to, and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
The question was then taken upon ordering
the bill as amended to a third reading.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading*,
and was accordingly read the, third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. COX demanded the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the bill.
Tho yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved that the vote by
which the bill was passed be reconsidered, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As the character
of the bill has been changed, I suppose the title
had better be amended to correspond.
The title was reported, as follows:
An act defining the duties of commissioners of elections
for the cily of Washington and lor otlu r purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I more to amend
the title by substituting the following:
An net 10 piovide (or nt lea-n two <■!< cfion proemcts in
pach vvaid 111 the city ot Wellington, rmd lor oilioi pui-
pose.s
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The title, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the title was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
CENTRAL AMERICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. KEITT. I would suggest that the mes-
sage of the President of the United States, re-
ceived to-day, be now taken up and read.
The SPEAKER. It will be laid before the
House, unless objection be made.
No objection was made, and the message was
laid before the House.
Mr. FLAGLER. As the message is quite a
long one, I would suggest that, without reading,
it be laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr, LETCHER. What is it about ?
The SPEAKER. It relates to Nicaraguan
affairs.
Mr. COBB. I object to dispensing with the
reading.
The SPEAKER. The reading can be dis-
pensed with only by unanimous consent.
The message was then read, and is as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith reports of the Secretary of
State, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Attor-
ney General, in reply to a resolution of the Senate
of the 24th of March last; and also to a resolution
of the House of Representatives of the 8th of
May instant, both having reference to the routes
of transit between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans,
through the republics of New Granada and Nic-
aragua, and to the condition of affairs m Central
America.
These documents relate to questions of the
highest importance and interest to the people of
the United States.
The narrow isthmus which connects the con-
tinents of North and South America, by the
facilities it affords for easy transit between the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans, rendered the coun-
tries of Central America an object of special con-
sideration to all maritime nations, which has been
greatly augmented in modern times by the opera-
tion of changes in commercial relation, especially
those produced by the general use of steam as
a motive power by land and sea. To us, on
account of its geographical position and of our
political interest as an American State of primary
magnitude, that isthmus is of peculiar import-
ance, just as the isthmus of Suez is, for corre-
sponding reasons, to the maritime Powers of
Europe. But, above all, the importance to the
United States of securing free transit across the
American isthmus has rendered it of paramount
interest to us since the settlement of the Terri-
tories of Oregon and Washington, and the acces-
sion of California to the Union.
Impelled by these considerations, the United
States took steps at an early day to assure suitable
means of commercial transit by canal, railway,
or otherwise, across the Isthmus.
We concluded in the first place a treaty of peace,
•amity, navigation and commerce, with the Repub-
lic of New Granada, among the conditions of
which was a stipulatoin, on the part of New Gra-
nada, guarantying to the United States the right
of way or transit across that part of the isthmus
which lies in the territory of New Granada, m
consideration of which the United States guaran-
tied in respect of the same territory the rights of
sovereignty and property of New Granada.
The effect of this treaty was to affonl to the
people cf the United States facilities for at once
opening a common road from Chagresto Panama,
and for at length constructing a railway in the
same direction to connect regularly with steam-
ships for the transportation of minis, specie,
and passengers, to and fro, between the Atlantic
and Pacific States and Territories of the United
States.
The United States also endeavored, ^ut unsuc-
cessfully, to obtain from the Mexican Republic
the cession of the light of way at the northern
extremity of the Isthmus by Tehauntcpic, and
that line of communication continues to be an
object of solicitude to the people of tins Republic.
In the mean time, intervening between the Re-
public oi*New Granada and the Mexican Repub-
lic, lie the States of Guatemala, Salvador, Hon-
duras, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica, the several
mciabei s of (lie former Republic of Central Amer-
ica. Here, in the territory of the Central Amer-
ican States, is the narrowest part of the Isthmus,
and hither, of couise, public attention 1ms been
directed as the most inviting lleld for enterprises
of interoceanic communication between the oppo-
site shores of America, and more especially to the
territory of the States of Nicaragua and Hon-
duras.
Paramount to that of any European States as
was the interest of the United States in the secu-
rity and freedom of projected lines of travel across
the isthmus, by the way of Nicaragua and Hon-
duras, still we did not yield in tins respect to any
suggestions of territorial aggrandizement, or even
of exclusive advantage, either of communication
or of commerce. Opportunities had not been
wanting to the United States to procure such-ad-
vantages by peaceful means, and with full and
free assent of those who alone had any legitimate
authority in the matter. We disregarded those
opportunities from considerations alike of domes-
tic and foreign policy; just as, even to the present
day, we have persevered in a system of justice
and lcspect for the rights and interests of others,
as well as our own, in regard to each and all of
the States of Central America. j
It was with surprise and regret, therefore, that i
the United States learned, a few days after the |
conclusion of the treaty of Gaudalupe Hidalgo, I
by which the United States became—with the !
consent of the Mexican Republic—the rightful j
owners of California, and thus invested with j
augmented special interest in the political con- j
dition of Central America, that a military expe- j
dition, under the authority of the British Gov-,
ernment, had landed at San Juan del Norte, in [
the State of Nicaragua, and taken forcible pos- j
session of that port, the necessary terminus of ,
any canal or railway across the Isthmus, within 1
the territories of Nicaragua. j
It did not diminish the unwelcomenesstous of 1
this act on the part of Great Britain to find that
she assumed to justify it on the ground of an
alleged protectorship of a smali and obscure band
of uncivilized Indians whose proper name even
had become lost to history,who did not constitute
a State capable of territorial sovereignity either m
fact or of right, and all political interest in whom,
and in the Territory they occupied, Great Britain
had previously renounced by successive treaties
with Spain, when Spain was sovereign of the
country, and, subsequently, with independent
Spanish America.
Nevertheless, and injuriously affected as the
United States conceived themselves to have been
by this act of the British Government, and by its
occupation about the same time of insular and
of continental portions of the territory of the
State of Honduras, we remembered the many
and powerful ties and mutual interests by which
Great Britain and the United States are associ-
ated, and we proceeded, in earnest good faith,
and with a sincere desire to do whatever might
strengthen the bonds of peace between us, to
negotiate with Great Britain a convention to assure
the perfect neutrality of all interoceanic commu-
nications across the Isthmus, and, as the indis-
pensable condition of such neutrality, the absolute
independence of the States of Central America,
and their complete sovereignty within the limits
of their own territory, as well against Great
Britain as against the United States. VVe sup-
posed we had accomplished that object by the
convention of April 19, 18.50, which would never
have been signed nor ratified on the part of the
United States but for the conviction that, in
virtue of its provisions, neither Great Britain nor
the United States was thereafter to exercise any
territorial sovereignty, in fact or in name, in any
part of Central America, however or whensoever
acquired, either before or afterwards. The essen-
tial object of the convention, the neutralization of
the Isthmus, would, of course, become a nullity,
if cither Ureat Britain or the United States were
to continue to hold exclusively islands or main-
land of the Isthmus, and moie especially if, under
any claim of protectorship of Indians, either Gov-
ernment were to remain forever sovereign in fact
of the Atlantic ■ shores of the three States of
Costa Rica, Nicaragua, and Honduras.
I have already communicated to the two Houses
of Congress full information of the protracted
and hitherto fruitless efforts which the United
States have made to arrange this international
question with Great Britain. It is referred to on
the present occasion only because of its intimate
connection with the special object now to be
brought to the attention of Congress.
The unsettled political condition of some of the
Spanish American Republics has never ceased to
be regarded by this Government with solicitude
and regret on their own account, while it has been
the source of continual embarrassment in our
public and private relations with them. In the
midst of the violent revolutions and the wars by
which they are continually agitated, their public
authoiities are unable to afford due protection to
foreigners and to foreign interests within their
territory, or even to defend their own soil against
individual aggressors, foreign or domestic; the
burden of the inconveniences and losses of which,
therefore, devolves in no inconsiderable degree
upon the foreign States associated with them in
close relations of geographical vicinity or of com-
mercial intercourse.
_ Such is, more emphatically, the situation of the
United States with respect to the Republics of
Mexico arid of Central America. Notwithstand-
ing, however, the relative remoteness of the Eu-
ropean States from America, facts of the same
order have not failed to appear conspicuously
in their intercourse with Spanish American Re-
publics. Great Britain has repeatedly been
constrained to recur to measures of force for the
protection of British interests in those countries.
France found it necessary to attack the castle of
San Juan de Ulloa, and even to debark troops at
Vera Cruz, in order to obtain redress of wrongs
done to Frenchmen in Mexico.
What is memorable in this respect, in the con-
duct and policy of the United States, is, that while
it would be as easy for us to annex and absorb
new territories from America, as it is for Euro-
pean States to do this in Asia or Africa — and
while, if done by us, it might be justified as well,
on the alleged ground of the advantage which
would accrue therefrom to the territories annexed
and absorbed—yet we have abstained from doing
it, in obedience to considerations of right, not less '
