m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26.
necessities of so modifying the laws as to raise
the means necessary to pay the appropriations
which are made. Any other system which dis-
tributes the right to report appropriations of
money to the House will lead to a state of confu-
sion, which will be perfect darkness to the intel-
lectual vision of every member who is called upon
Xo-vote on the passage of appropriation and reve-
nue bills.
,Mr. Speaker, I have not intended to 'go into a
discussion of this extraordinary recommendation.
Much has been said upon the other side on the
Question of reference; and with a view to bring
the matter to a close, and hoping that the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Alabama will pre-
vail—and I express that hope because I wish to
assure the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Quitman*] the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, that we do not want to absorb
any of his privileges, while we desire to assert
our own rights on the part of the Committee of
Ways and Means—I move the previous question.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw his demand for the pre-
vious question. I desire to make a remark or
tWjO.
Mr. CAMPBELL. ■ I will, if the gentleman
will renew it.
, Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to submit a few
observations, and then I will renew the pre-
vious question. The import of this message can-
not have struck the ear of the House as it lias
fallen upon mine, or we should not have been
so long engaged in this discussion. It is an ex-
traordinary proposition which the President lias
submitted to our consideration, under all the cir-
cumstances of the country*at the present time.
He docs not apply for an appropiiation of money
to meet any deficitarising under an existing law;
nor is the application based upon any law, or
upon any estimate furnished to us from a Depart-
ment, or through any of the usual channels used
to attain appropriations. It is not a recommend-
tion to Congress to pass a law to place the Gov-
ernment in the possession and enjoyment of an
improvement in the means of war. It is none of
these. It is a distinct application by the Presi-
dent to this House—the originator of the money
bilk—to place in his hands $3,000,000, to bo ex-
pended at his discretion, with no other limitation
to thatthscrction than the general terms which
are used in the message convoy, to wit: That it
shall be applied to a class of objects connected
with the defense of the country, but without any
particular recommendation as to the amount to
be appropriated by him to either one of several
enumerated objects which make up this class.
I can but consider the message,under the peculiar
condition attributed to our relations with a cer-
tain foreign Power, and the movements lately
made by those who are supposed to enjoy the
confidence of the President, an a paper of peculiar
significance: and I submit to the House, whether
we can justify this protracted contest between
two of the standing committees as to which of
them shall take charge of this extraordinary doc-
ument?
I do not believe the Committee of "Ways and
Means have properly any right to the reference
sought by them. 1 do not agree with the hon-
orable chairman of the Ways and Means as to
the theory upon which the committees of this
House are organized. So far from his committee
being entitled to such a communication as this
from the President, I think that, under the true
theory of our organization, his committee is no
more than an auditing committee for the benefit
of the House, and should have nothing to do with
this application. The rule denning the duty
of the Committee of Ways and Means is plain,
perspicuous, and cannot be easily misunderstood.
Where an existing law demands an appropriation,
there the Ways and Means arc charged with the
provision of the appropriation, but the "Ways and
Means cannot introduce an item into a bill which
is not based upon an existing law. It is the
chief auditor of this House, and the Treasury
sends here its estimates of appropriations required
by law, to facilitate the operations of this onerous
branch of public duty, if the House would re-
fuse to incumber the appropriation bills from the
Committee of Ways and Means with items not
required by laws, the true nature and powers of
the committee of which the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] is chairman would very dis-
tinctly^ appear. Theoretically, it is an auditing
committee, rather than one for originating meas-
ures of legislation. Whenever original proposi-
tions for legislation are presented to the House,
they should he supervised by the committee to
which the class of business with which they are
connected is specially confided* Any other the-
ory than this destroys the equality which should
exist between the committees of this House, and
makes classes among the members of the body
which is not designed by the rules, and which is
not consistent with the claims of all to occupy
the platform of perfect equality. There is enough
for all to do, without attempting to constitute
any one committee a tribunal of supervision for
the work of others.
If we are to consider this executive communi-
cation as importing no more than a recommenda-
tion for us to avail ourselves of modern improve-
ments in fire-arms, or for the manufacture of a
new species of arms, or for a change in some of
the arms we now have on hand—as to put per-
cussion locks on muskets now provided only with
flint locks—most clearly the matter should be con-
sidered by the Military Committee, because it
then relates only to military affairs, and they can
best judge of the effect of the proposed changes
upon the military efficiency of the country. But,
when you regard the message as it has come to
us, I ask how it can be construed to mean only
this? If that was all, why should not the Presi-
dent say the money is wanted in the ordnance
bureau of the War Department, to make experi-
ments in the manufacture of arms, or changes in
the condition of arms already manufactured ?
Why were not these suggestions submitted from
the proper bureau at the usual time, and em-
bodied in the usual documents accompanying the
annual executive message ? How much of this
large demand does the President want to appro-
priate to fortifications, and where does he propose
to spend it on fortifications? Is it wanted at Boston
harbor, or to complete the works covering New
York harbor, or Charleston, or New Orleans?
Where will it be spent " in his discretion," and
what is the reason for this unusual demand, that
we arc called upon to delegate to the Executive of
the United States the charge of branches of the
public service which have usually been attended
to by Congress, and supplied upon estimates sub-
mitted by the bureaus of ordnance, or engineers,
through the proper Department? The message
does neither indicate the special reason for this
unusual demand, nor does it intimate in what
proportions the President means to apply the
money to the enumerated objects, nor when he
will make the application. How can the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs gather from the message,
or from the document accompanying it, any data
as to the real "meaning of this demand? Why,
sir, suppose the Military Committee return us a
learned report upon the advantages of substitute ng
the Mmie rifle for the old Harpers'Ferry musket,
and we adopt their views; how do you know the
President will so exercise his discretion as to
spend a dollar of the $3,000,000 in either manu-
facturing new guns or changing the caliber and
range of the old guns? He enumerates several
objects, and closes his recommendation with a
very general remark, applicable to the defenses of
the country, as the proposed limitations upon his
discretion.
Mr. Speaker, under any other Government
than this, such a communication from the Chief
Executive to that department which ministers
the supplies, would fail like the sound of a fire-
bell in the night upon the ears of the people.
It would at once be accepted as a war message.
This, sir, is intended as a war message—intended
to have that effect across the Atlantic. It is the
first note of preparation from the highest source
known to our laws. I wish, sir, to have no am-
biguity in an affair of this kind. Whe'n war
speeches go abroad from the other end of this
Capitol, and extraordinary demands to commit
millions to executive discretion for their appro-
priation to objects connected with the defenses
of the country are sent here from the President
of the United States, my opinion is, that the
Representatives of the American people should
take the subject in hand without delay, and
should examine this as a xcur milage. Instead
of sending the message either to the Ways and
Means, or to the Committee on Military Affairs,
let it go at once to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and let us there under-
stand more distinctly what the President means
by this unusual demand to place three millions
at his discretion for expenditure upon the de-
fenses of the country.
If our country stands in any such crisis as to
require millions for its defense, the President has
been by far too modest in the appropriation
suggested. Neither three nor thirty millions will
suffice. But, whatever the sum, let us know what
the honor or the protection of our country requires,
and let us meet the crisis as bccomes the Repre-
sentatives of the people. If there is no such
crisis and no cause for excitement, then the dis-
cretion of the President is not the ordinary or
usual depository for moneys appropriated from
the public Treasury. There is no use of referring
this communication to a standing committee of
the House. The Military Committee cannot
furnish us with the matter we want. Are we to
have practice here, as well as elsewhere, with
Sharpe's rifles? to estimate the range and to com-
pare them with other guns? Can we not look
into the condition of our armories by examining
the reports of bureaus? No, sir; that is not what
is meant by this document. It means more than
this. Does it mean war ? Is that war to be with-
out or within our borders? Is it to sustain our
treaties with foreign nations, or to sustain our
laws at home?
I look upon this message as peculiar. It comes
in a questionable shape. It is not to mend old
guns, sir, or to mount new ones, that the Presi-
dent wants this money; it will not so be accepted
by the intelligence of tins country. I think the
House has clearly misapprehended the drift of
the President. It is of more importance than
gentlemen have attached to it, apparently; for
one so well versed in the laws and usages of our
legislation as the present Chief Executive would
not have requested such a grant to his discretion
for the purpose only which gentlemen have attrib-
uted to this message. It means more than this;
and in whatever way we arc to accept it, let us
know what it if designed to accomplish. If it means
nothing in particular, let our legislation take its
usual course; if it means something particular,
involving our peace at home or abroad, Jet us,
as the Representatives of the people, inquire into
it, and learn the full scope and expectation on
which the recommendation rests, and treat it
then as becomes our position and duty. If we
are to be involved in difficulty, we should know
it at once. We should either have no alarm cre-
ated by debates which look to war, or we should
let our people know that they may prepare for
war. Let us send this message to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BOYCE. I have no doubt that it is
competent for the House to refer the message to
either of the committees named, or to the com-
mittee mentioned by the gentleman who has just
taken his seat. But it seems to me that the most
appropriate committee for its reference is the
Committee on Military Affairs, because it per-
tains to matters which come peculiarly under
their jurisdiction. Now, it is not so much, Mr
Speaker, that these $3,000,000 should be expend-
ed, as that it should be judiciously expended
The great improvements made in the art of war
within the last two years, in ordnance, in fire-
arms, and especially in fortifications, render it
proper that the recommendations contained in
the. message should receive the most careful con-
sideration. The siege of Sebastopol has effected a
revolution in fortifications. It has been demon-
strated there that the ordinary fortifications of
stone are of no use m comparison with the great
modern invention of fortifications of earth. Tho
genius of the great Russian engineer has devel-
oped that idea. Well, if we are to go on with
the construction of fortifications, and ordnance,
and arms, it is important that we should make
the most judicious investment of our money, and
construct all these things on the most approved
system. It, therefore, seems to me peculiarly
advisable that this matter should go to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, because it is their
peculiar vocation. The gentleman who is at the
head of the Military Committee is one, too, emi-
nently suited for that sort of investigation.
Again : to give a reason which is very strong
