2112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14.
provide places for every one of them. Why, sir,
we shall have to make regiments and brigades.
They cannot wait for promotion. It is too tedious
in the line of the Army. They cannot wait for
it in the Navy. Lieutenants become old, and you
will have to make your Navy consist of commo-
dores, and your army of generals, or you will
never satisfy the vaulting ambition of those who
are educated to expect preferment, and who are
devoting themselves to military distinction. In
time of war, they have an opportunity for noble
rivalry; they can fight for rank. Itis only intime
of peace like this, that you see naval boards ger-
minate here and fester upon the community, blast-
ing high and honorable reputations, and elevating
scamps to position.
But, sir, you must make provision for every one
that is educated at the schools of the country.
They are not satisfied with having received an
education, butthey must have military position. If
they had to perform duty in the ranks and pass a
probation there as cadets, before being promoted
to lieutenancies, you might have some hope that
there would be a corrective; but they must all be
provided for at once—ten to a company, and then
fifty, and after a short time the country will be
borne down by the amount of money taken from
the Treasury for which it receives no equivalent.
1 wish toguard againstthis. When wasitbefore
conceived to be a necessity to have an army be-
yond the force necessary for the preservation of
ourarms and ordnance in good order, except apro-
visional army, to be raised for a particular emer-
gency? Our Army is receiving constant acces-
sions. Soon they will come forward for four ad-
ditional regiments to give young in on places.
Relatives will be here; perhaps some members of
this body will feel a sympathy with applicants
for promotion; and if not, influential friends at
home will press for it, and an increase will he
made to the Army for the purpose of providing
for these promising young men, who are highly
educated for that, and are unprepared for any
other vocation in life. Sir, we should keep an
eye on the Army; we should guard against its
insidious approach. It connects itself with the
wholo community, and after awhile it will assume
a dangerous aspect to the institutions of freedom
in this country. We should guard against it
sedulously.
I sustain this provision, not for the purpose of
reflecting upon the iSeeretary of War, hut on
principle, i have always been opposed to the
system of military Nupounh mlrm c. I do not
consider this provision a reflection on the present
Secretary of War. He is only pursuit),'; Iuh
course under the direction of the President, per-
haps not even on his own intimation or su^«{es-
tion. J intend no reflection on that^entleman or
on the President. There is a proclivity touaids
the Army here; and the worst feature i see m all
of it is, that no buttons are now worn, no cock-
ade, or insignia of an officer. This is to delude
a public apprehension, and not let them see that
there is a power rising at their Capitol. Sir, in
olden times, when armies were measur« d and
limited in their extent, no oflieer ever appeared in
the avenues of Washington, or on a public occa-
sion, that he did not wear the military l>;ul<ro on
his person, as much as to say, " I am an officer,
and hound to be a gentleman m the eyes of the
public; i cannot skulk; [ am responsible for my
actions; the mora! influence of society has its eye
upon me; I am a gentleman, and must so demean
myself." Now, iie can go in a slouched hat and
in a sack coat. lie can go as he pleases; even
with Ins legs through his pantaloons, [laughter,]
not known as an officer, either of the Aimy or
the Navy. These powers arc growing up m our
midst, and wo had better be on our guard; for,
after^ awhile, they may be displayed in a more
formidable aspect than the insinuating careless-
ness that appears now. The Piesident is the
head of the military of the country. lie ought
to require of every officer to wear some badge to
distinguish him—to tell th*t he is an officer in the
American service. Sir, I want the power of the
department of War in this particular limited. I
want the appointing power restricted by an
amendment to this proposition, that will except
the two superintendents alluded to, who are en-
gaged on the Capitol extension and the extension
of tiie 1 reasury building. I desire to see those
exceptions made. I am prepared to vote for the
principle; and I believe I will vote for it in all
cases rather than lose it in any.
The amendment was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to make a report
from a committee of conference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will receive it.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following re-
port:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. 11.
No. 189) making appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending the 30th June, 1857, having met, after full and
free conference, have agreed to recommend to their respect-
ive Houses, as follows:
That the Hou^e agree to th#  first amendment of the Sen-
ate, with the following amendment: Strike out the words
" and report" in line three, and strike out the words " of"
and " and report" in line five.
That the Senate agree to the House amendment to the
second Senate amendment, with the following amendment:
Insert after the words " four hunched dollars," the words
" and one ration per day."
That the Senate recede from its third amendment.
S. It. MALLORY,
H. FISH,
II. IIAMLIN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN S. PHELPS,
SAMUEL P. BENSON,
J. S. T. STRANAI1AN,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask a concurrence in the
report of the committee.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to understand it be-
fore I vote. I believe I have never understood
these reports; and I wish to know what is meant
precisely by these numbers. A proposition was
agreed to by the Senate to appropriate $100,000
for the purpose of constructing a powder maga-
zine at Mare Island, near San Francisco. That
amendment was stricken out by the House of
Representatives. I wish to know whether it has
been retained in the bill5
Mr. MALLOPtY. f will explain in one mo-
ment. There were but two amendments which
the committee of conference regarded as of mo-
ment. The one was for the publication of the
charts and reports of the La Plata and Behring's
straits expeditions, which the House struck out.
The other was the amendment, which was of
importance, for the construction of a powder
magazine at the San Francisco navy-yard, rec-
ommended by the Department. The Iiouso also
struck that out. The committee of the House
agieed to lecede from their position on the other
amendment, and retain in the bill the provision
for publishing the charts. They insisted on
sinking out the amendment for the construction
of a magazine, anil that was struck out, on the
ground, if I am at liberty to say it,that a number
of ships are there now, and every ship m herself
a powder magazine for the time being, and will
be capable, perhaps, of carrying double the
amount of powder she ordinarily carries, if an
emeigency icquires it. Our committee of con-
ference yielded on that point.
Mr. WKLLEli. You Ikivc a navy-yard at
IVlnre Ts!aiul,ni California. There is not a powder
magazine 011 the whole Pacific coast. You have
n veiy larije number of vessels in the Pacific ocean.
Yon have no place in which to deposit powder
for them. I desire to know whether you intend to
continue your navy-yard there, with a large fleet
on that ocean, without any magazine in which to
deposit powder r 1 know a very huge amount of
powder has been recently sent to tile Pacific coast,
but there is no place there to deposit it. I ask my
friend fiom Plonda whetherhe does not regard it
as indispensably necessary that there should be
a powder magazine there?
Mr. MALLORY. Of course there must event-
ually be a powder magazine at the navy-yard oil
Mare Island, as there" must lie many other ap-
propriate buildings for the complete equipment of
the navy-yard; but I ha\e 110 doubt the necessi- I
tics of the Government can be supplied at present i
without the construction of a powder magazine. J
; The powder that has already gone there has been 1
| sent by the War Department; and provision is
| made lor if at Benicia, or some other point. lam
not satisfied that the necessities of the Govern-
ment require this powder magazine to be con-
structed at this time, and therefore I hope this j
report will be concurred in. i
Mr. WELLER. I understand the House of I
Representatives struck out this amendment be-
cause they had no estimates; and they acted very
properly in striking it out for the reason that they
had no estimates before them of the probable cost
of the magazine; but the estimates were sent to the
Senate after the bill passed the House. Those
estimates were in the possession of the Senator
from Florida, and I supposed on their production
the House would immediately recede from their
disagreement, seeing the necessity of the work,
and would make the appropriation.
Mr. MALLORY. The estimates were in the
hands of the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs of the House, when the bill in the House
was passed, but he did not produce them to the
House in time. They were produced in the
committee of conference, and there maturely con-
sidered; and after mature consideration the com-
mittee agreed to this action of the House.
Mr. HUNTER. The report is an entire thing.
We must disagree to it as a whole, or agree to
it. We cannot take it in parts.
Mr. WELLER. I will make another modest
suggestion: that it is perfectly in order for me to
speak of the details of the report so as to show
that it ought not to be concurred in. I am not in
favor of concurring in any part of it. The Sen-
ator from Florida himself admits that it is neces-
sary there should be a powder magazine on the
Pacific. .Why not make provision for it now ?
I desire only to understsnd the ground on ^hich
the Senator from Florida had agreed to give up a
work which he regards as necessary for the Pa-
cific coast.
The report of the committee was concurrcd in.
A message from the House of Representatives
afterwards announced the concurrence of the
House.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Culi.om, their Clerk, announced that the
House had agreed to some and disagreed to other
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.R.No.
202) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of .Tune, 1857,
and for other purposes; and agreed to other
amendments of the Senate, with amendments.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill and
amendments were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had approved and signed the
following bills:
.. .An act for the relief of J. R. Powell;
An act for the relief of Charles Stearns; and
An act for the relief of Daniel Doland.
Also, that he returned, with his objections in
writing, a bill entitled " An act to improve the
navigation of the Patapsco river and to make the
port of Baltimore accessible to the war steamers
of the United States."
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
201) making appropriations for certain civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
30th of Jane, 1S57, the tjuestion being on the
amendment of the Committee on Finance to in-
sert after the item " For enlarging the Chicago
custom-housc" the following clause:
For completing the custom-house at Norfolk, Virginia,
$') 1,6">253: Proi itlal, That tile proceeds that shall be re-
c«'ivf'd from the sale of the present custom-house shall be
paid into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. That is according to estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert after the last amendment the following:
For cnJaiffins the building provided bv law lobe con-
structed at Bustol, Rhode Island, for a post office and couu-
hoube. upon Uje plan adopted under the appropriation here-
toihte made, and s^o modifying said plan as m the opinion
of the Secietary of the Treasury the public convenience
will require, $7,.">00, and ten per centum on the same for
contingencies : Provided, That sucli enlargomentand mod-
ification shall be completed within the  urns heretofore ami
hereby appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. That is according to esti-
mate. The original plan was very small for a
building—thirty by twenty-five feet, I think—
