502
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 10,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. Fuller, of Pennsylvania.
Ho. of Reps.
chanan organs in my State, with being an Abo-
litionist, because of my alleged antecedents.
Surely, in this respc<-t, in view of the resolutions
jxist i I nifiy with rsspcctlul dcfcrcncc
to 41 Pennsylvania's Favorite fcon.
In 1819 lie declared against the Missouri line.
In 1847, in his celebrated Berks county letter, he
declared in favor of the extension of that line to
the Pacific, and His solemn belief that the stability
of the Union itself depended upon the passage of
«nch a measure. In his last bulletin, Recently
issued, he declares the repeal of that compromise
must be sustained, in defiance of any and of every
storm that may be raised against it.
The political, as well a§ the physical world, has
undergone many extraordinary changes. Here
are three revolutions in a short half century. Has
not his "back-bone been wonderfully stiffened?"
Has not he, too, like the blind man in Scripture,
been staggering about these many years, waiting
for that miraculous vision when he should no
lonser see men as trees walking? Hoping that
the scales of error may all fall from his eyes,
that he may no longer look through a glass
darkly, and recommending him kindly to the gen-
erous'consideration of the Cincinnati convention,
I pass to another chapter of Pennsylvania Demo-
cratic history.
In 1847,1 find, by reference to the public jour-
nals that, on the 13th of January, resolutions were
introduced into oxir State Legislature, instructing
the Senators from Pennsylvania to vote in favor
of the Wilmot proviso, dv a gentleman who is
now a delegate to the Cincinnati convention.
Among the names of gentlemen who supported
the resolution, I find that of Senator Bigler; of
Thomas H. Forsyth, now president of the Dem-
ocratic board of Canal Commissioners; John C.
Knox, since then elected one of the judges of the
Bupreme court upon the Democratic ticket; Tim-
othy Ives, now the Democratic candidate for
surveyor general. In 1849, when my sinning
commenced, and those terrible enormities were
committed by me, similar resolutions were
offered in the State Senate, and supported by J.
Porter Brawley, who has been since twice elected
surveyor general by the Democracy, and by Col-
onel Maxwell McCaslin, now holding an appoint-
ment under the present Administration, as well
as certain other gentlemen, who,doubtless, would
now prefer their names should not be mentioned
in this connection.
In the political canvass of 1849, the Democratic
State Convention nominated John A. Gamble,
Esq., a highly estimable gentleman, as the can-
didate for Canal Commissioner, who was my com-
petitor for that office. A resolution was, accord-
ing to the published proceedings of the conven-
tion, unanimously adopted, which expressly de-
clared that the Democracy of the State esteemed
-it " a violation of State-rights to carry it (slavery)
beyond State limits;" that it denied " the power
of any citizen to extend the area of bondage be-
yond its present (then) dominion;" and that it
aid not " consider it a part of the compromises of
the Constitution that slavery should travel with
the advancing column of our territorial prog-
ress."* Of the proceedings of that convention,
the Pennsylvanian of July 10, 1849, then edited
by Colonel John W. Forney, spoke as follows:
" We cannot too highly commend the spirit dis-
played at this convention, or the unanimity and
harmony with which its decision was communi- !
cated;"and in an editorial of the 7th July, it
eulogized Mr. Gamble, the nominee of the con- j
▼ention, in the following manner: " A Democrat J
who acted with such members of the convention !
(that to amend the constitution) as Brown and j
Ingersoll, Woodward and Keim, and secured
their confidence, as we happen to have heard more
than one of them declare, cannot bt justly assailed
as weak or irresolute in his support of the entire Re-
publican creed." In the deliberations of that con-
vention, many of the prominent and influential i
members of the party participated. Thomas i
McKean Pettit, Esq., who had held many import-
ant official trusts under Democratic admin'stra- 1
tions, presided. John M. Read,Esq., once nom- j
inated for a judgeship of the United States Su- |
preme Court by President Polk, was a member,!
   .—_—. |
* Appendix, (7.) j
and, in a speech made in the convention, spoke
thus of the action of the party in 1848: " As to
the Baltimore platform, it is in splinters; it broke
down and took our candidates with it; it was
erected by southern hands, and not broad enough
to sustain freemen." Others of like influence were
members, among whom were James L. Gillis,
Colonel Samuel W. Black, and John Cessna—all
of whom, I believe, arc now delegates to the
Democratic National Convention. A State con-
mittee was appointed at the same convention to
conduct the canvass on the principles enunciated
by it, of which the gentleman from the Berks
district (J. Glancy Jones) was made chairman,
and had associated with him the gentlemen from
the Northampton and Bradford districts, (Messrs.
Packer and Urow,) and also Andrew H. Reeder,
now of Kansas, Arnold Plumer, now Canal Com-
missioner, and a delegate to the Democratic Na-
tional Convention, and others of like character,
not one of whom objected, as I know of, on ac-
count of the Free-Soil platform adopted for the
canvass.
So far from any portion of the party being op-
posed to the policy adopted, it was countenanced
and sustained even by Colonel Forney, in his
editorial conduct of the Pennsylvanian. The
Democracy of Bradford held a meeting during the
canvass, at which a resolution was passed, declar-
j ing that '• Congress possesses legislative power
I over the subject of slavery in the Territories of the
United States, and ought so to exercise that power
as effectually to prevent the establishment of sla-
very;" adding thereto as a salvo," we concede to
our Democratic brethren of the South the same
, freedom of thought and of expression which we
1 claim for ourselves," &c.# And this, Colonel
Forney, in an editorial of the Pennsylvanian, of
| September 10th, lauded in the most approving
terms as " a noble example," which he predicted
; would be "everywhere greeted with joy." The
truth is, Mr. Gamble's election was urged and
supported on the ground of his opposition to the
extension of slavery; and in a letter, written by
himself, in reply to interrogatories, put to him by
a committee of Free-Soil Democrats of Tioga
county, in the Wilmot district, he took the posi-
tion that Congress has the constitutional power
. to prohibit slavery in the Territories, and that he
was in favor of its exercise to prevent the fur-
ther extension of human bondage.f I have his
letter, and willpublish it with the rest. The returns
of the election show that he received the support
of those who held extreme anti-slavery views.
In the Wilmot district, composed of the counties
of Bradford, Susquehanna, and Tioga, Mr.
Gamble had a majority of 1,313 votes, beingnear
two hundred more than my worthy and able col-
league, [Mr. Grow,] whose opinions were well
understood, received at the next election, in 1850.
Such, too, was the result in other districts, in i
which more or less of the same feeling existed, j
I may safely say, therefore, that it was because
I could not, and would not, take extreme ground,
that my Democratic competitor obtained the Free-
Soil support. True, I avowed myself to be averse
to extending slavery; but I made no such com-
mittals on grave constitutional questions, by ad-
dressing public letters to Free-Soil conventions, as
my Democratic competitor did.
The course pursued by the party in Pennsyl-
vania was also adopted in New Hampshire,Maine,
and other Democratic States. At a'Democratic
State convention held in New Hampshire on the
15th October, 1846, attended and addressed by
President Pierce, the following resolution was
adopted:
" Resolved, That we approve the vote of our Represent-
atives in Congress in favor of Mr. Wilmot's amendment, to
prohibit slavery in any territory that may be acquired of !
Mexico."
Similar resolutions were adopted at succeeding i
State conventions down to 1850. I
The truth is, that everywhere throughout the i
North the feeling was adverse to slavery, and the ;
resolutions of Democratic conventions assumed ;
this form. i
Why, General Cass, in a speech delivered in
tbe Senate, on the 20th day of February, 1850,
frankly declared that, " when the Wilmot proviso
* Appendix, (8) f Appendix, (9.)
I was first proposed," * * * " had it been pushed to
1 a vote, lie should have voted for it;" giving as a
reason, that he " had never examined the consti-
tutional power ofCongress,"and because, "when
the subject was proposed,it did not excite that
opposition from the South which we have since
witnessed, nor lead reflecting men to doubt whether
such a provision could be enforced without danger
to the Union."* If General Cass, who all his life
has been engaged in the public service, as terri-
torial Governor, as Secretary of War, as Minister
\ to France, as a Senator of the United States, as a
candidate for the Presidency itself—if lie, with all
his vast opportunities, and his acknowledged intel-
lect, had not then made up his mind as to the con-
stitutionality or unconstitutionality of the Wilmot
proviso, how then, in the name of all that is rea-
sonable, could I, a young and humble candidate
for the unpretending office of Canal Commissioner,
be expected to take a public position, or to have
had any definite or well-settled convictions on that
subject?
I have ever felt it to be the duty of all good
j citizens to discountenance every efiort calculated
to weaken existing relations, and to create unkind
I feelings between the different parts of the Confed-
1 cracy. In 1850 the compromise measures were
fassed. The representative from my district,
Mr. Butler,] than whom no purer or better man
ever lived, advocated their passage. He was my
\ political friend and neighbor. In the canvass of
that year I became the Whig candidate for Con-
gress against my late competitor. I was sup-
ported by many leading National Democrats in
my district, for I was known to be a friend of the
compromise measures. I was elected. Of that
I hold a twofold certificate.
; ' At a public meeting, held in Wilkesbarre, on
i the 11th day of November, 1850, convened for the
' purpose—in the language of the call," to take into
consideration the subject of the fugitive slave
bill, and to assert the supremacy of the law"—
I, among others, addressed the large meeting
there assembled in favor of the compromise
measures, urging all good citizens to abide by
them as a settlement, and to sustain the Govern-
ment in maintaining the supremacy of the laws.
The resolutions passed at that meeting received
the unanimous vote of those present, and speak
for themselves.f During my term of service in
Congress, 1 pursued the same course. I regarded
the compromise as a permanent settlement of the
question, and so voted on all occasions, when
t present, as the record will show, and as my col-
league, [Mr. Allison,] who was then also a
member, will well recollect, and which, as he in-
formed me himself at the commencement of the
present session, formed one of the reasons for
not voting for me as Speaker. It is true, I made
no speech on the subject during the entire term
of my service; but I refrained from so doing for
the very reason that I was then, as I am now, op-
posed to all agitation and discussion of the sub-
ject. I desired harmony and peace. My object
was reconciliation. Though I voted for the so-
called finality resolutions, whenever a vote was
taken while I was in my seat, I doubted the wis-
dom and propriety of their introduction. I was
against all attempts at renewing, in Congress or
out of it, the agitation of the slavery question,
no matter how, or under whatever shape or color
the attempt might be made. This was my posi-
tion then, and this is my postion now.
But I am charged with inconsistency, for having
said in my first remarks to the House, that if the
Missouri compromise line could be restored, I
would be in favor of its restoration, but in view
of the difficulties which surrounded that question
and must defeat their efforts, I was opposed to its
agitation; while I subsequently declared, that Con-
gress had no constitutional authority either to le-
gislate slavery into, or exclude it from a Territory.
These declarations, astute and learned gentlemen
say they are incapable of reconciling. Let us
see: I would have been in favor of restoration if
it were possible. What kind of restoration, and
what were the difficulties ? If the country could
be restored—if the people could be carried back—
to the same condition of quiet, of repose, and of
social harmony which existed two years ago; if
* Appendix, (10.) f Appendix, (11.)
