1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1239
than of policy; a:id that, whiie the courageous ,<
and self-reliant spirit oi our p>( onle pvonvots them
to ha: d v entnprlser.and they occasionally yield j,
to the temptation of taking part in the troubles j
of countries ucor ot hand, where they know how ::
potential their influence, moral and material. must j i
be, the American Government has uniformly and !;
steadily resisted all attempts of individuals m the ij
United States to undertake armed agression ;
against friendly Spanish American Republics. ij
While the present incumbent of the executive '1
office has been in discharge of its duties, he has ]|
never failed to exert all the authority in him •,[
vested to repress such enterprises, because they ^
are in violation of the law of the land, which the
Constitution requires him to execute faithfully; j!
because they are contrary to the policy of the ''
Government; and because, to permit them, would
be a departure from jjood faith towards those
American Republics in amity with us, which are ,
entitled to, and will never cense to enjoy,in their ''
calamities,the eordialsympathy,and mtheirpros- ■
penty the efficient s^tod will, of the Government
and of the people of the United States.
To say that our laws in this respect are some- ^
times violated, or successfully evaded, is only to j.
say what is true of all laws in all countries, but J
not more so in the United States than in any one ■
whatever of the countries of Europe. Suffice it i
to repeat, that the laws of the United States, pro- j,
hibitmg all foreign military enlistments or expo- [|
ditions within our territory, have been executed ''
with impartial good faith, and so far as the nature ■,
of things permits, as well in repression of private ;1
persons as of the official agents of other Govern-
mciits, both of Europe and America.
Amon^ the Central American Republics, to
which modern events have imparted most piom- 1
inoncr, is that of Nicaragua, by reason of its par-
ticular position on the Isthmus. Citizens of the !
United States have established in its territory
a regular mturoccamc transit route, second only ,
in utility and value to the one previously cstab-
lished in the Territory of New Granada. The
condition of-Nicaragua would, itis believed,have
been much more prosperous than it has been but
for the occupation of its only Atlantic port by a .
foreign Powri, and of the disturbing authority ,
set up and sustained by the same Pow< rm a por-
tion of its territory, by means of which us domes- ;
tic sovereignty was impan*ed, its public lands
were withheld from settlement, and it was de- >
pnved of all the maritime revenue which it would ;
otherwise collect on imported merchandise at San ,
Juan del Norte,
In these circumstances of the political ability
of tin? Republic of Nicaragua, and when its m-
habiums were exhausted by long-eoniinued civil
war between parties,, neither of them strong
enough to oV'Tfuraf the other, or permanently
maintain interna] tranquillity, one ot the eontend-
inu fjotion;: "ftb.e Republic invited the assistance
and coooeiation of a^mnl! body of eitm ns of tin*
United states from the St.itc of California, whose
presence, as it appeals, put an end at once to civil
war, and restored apparent order throughout the
territory of Nicaragua, with a new administra-
tion, having at us head a distinguished individ-
ual, by birth a citizen of the Republic, D. Patricio
EUrw, cis its provisional President.
It is tli"4 established policy of the United Stafcs
to iecogi^.e all Governments, without question
of their s jure:, or their organization, or of the
in cam; by which the governing persons attain ;
their power; provided file re be a Government de '
fcd.T, accepted by the people of the country, and^
with reserve only of time as to ihe recognition ot
revolutionary Governments arising out ot the
subdivision of parent States, with which we are
in relations of aunty. W«- do not go behind the
feet of a foreign Government exercising actual
power, to investigate questions* of legitimacy, we
do not impure ir.ru the > auses winch may have led
tor. ehamr; of Government. To u> it is lmhltcivnt
v het!n.i successful revolution ha.s been am* d
bv foreign intervention or not: whether insurrec-
tion ha* overthrown existing Governments and
another has b^-n established m its plaee, accord-
ing to pree\isfiiii forms, or ni a manner adopted j
for the occasion by those v/nom we may rinu m
the actual possession ot power. All these mat-
ters vv<> leave 10 the people anu public authorities
of the particular country to determine; and their
determination, whether if be by positive action.
or by ascertained acquiescence, is to us a sufn-'
cient warranty of the legitimacy of the new 1
Government.
During the sixty-seven years which have j
elapsed since the establishment of the existing ;
Government of the United States, in all which ;
time this Union has maintained undisturbed do-
mestic tranquillity, we have had occasion to rcc- 1
ognize Governments de facto, founded either by
domestic levohuion, or by military invasion from !
abroad, m many of the Governments of Europe, i.
It is the moie imperatively necessary to apply
this rule to the Spanish American Republics in con-
sideration of the frequent, and not seldom.anom- i
alous change^ ot organization or administration ,
which they mdergo, nnd the revolutionary nature
of most of these changes, of which the recent
series of revolutions m the Mexican Republic is
an example, where fiv successive revolutionary :
Governments have imde their appearance in the
course oi a few mouths, a ad been lcco^mzed -
successively each as the political power of that '■
country by the United Slates.
When, theiefore, some time since, anew Min-
ister from the Republic of Nicoragua presented
himself, bearing the commission of President
Rivas, he must and would have been received as
such, unless he was found on inquiry subject-to i
personal exception; but for the absence of satis-
factory information upon the question, whether
President Ro.as was in fact the head of an estab- ,
lished Government of the Republic of Nicaragua,
doubt as to which arose, not only from the cir- 1
cvmstance of his avowed association with armed
<. migrants recently ftom tlie I-nitcd States, but
that the pioposed Minister himself was of that
class of persons, and not otherwise or previously
a citizen of Nicaragua.
Another Minister from th" Republic of Nicar-
agua h^s sow presented himst If, v.ud has m en
received as such, satisfactory ewch nee appearing
■ that he represents the Government de far! a. and.
so far as such exists, the Government <h jvn' oi
that Republic. •
That reception, while in accordance with the
, established policy of the United Htati s. was like-
wise calhd for by the most imperative, spcci J
c xi^encies, which require that this Government
shall enter at once into diplomatic relations with
that of iVicaragua. In the first place, a difference
has occurred between the Government of Presi-
1 dent Rivas and the Nicaragua Transit Company,
, which involves the necessity ofmquiryinto right
of citizens of the Ciried Staua, who am^.1 that,
thev have been aggrieved by the a-t* of the
i former, and chum ^roie^uon and redi' ns at the
hamK of their Govi nnii1 nt. iut'ne,^ eond plac ,
the nit' communication. bv th>- way ft
Nicaragua, i* ejlb.'uualiy interrapteil. ami the per-
son and pruperts" of unof eedn.0' private citizens
of the United bLytes in that country require tiie
attention of th^ir Governmint. Neither of those
objects can receive due consideration without the
resuniptioii of diplomatic mteicourse with the
Government of Nicaragua.
: further tli.in this, tne documents communi-
cated show" that, while the iateion .uie- tran-u
by the wav of Nicarag'ia is cut oii, disturbances
a) Panama have occurred fo obstru<"t, temporarily
at lea^t, that by the w av of New Granada, involv-
ing; the sacrifice of tue lives and property ot
citizens of the United States. A special com-
m'ssioner has been dispatched to Panama to
investigate the facts of this occurrence, with a
view, particularly, to the redress ot parties ag-
grieved; but measures of .another class will be
deinanded for the future security of intcroe^anic
communication by this as by the other routes of
the Isthmus.
It would be dihicu.lt to suggest a single object
of mt'Te-f, external or internal, moie important
to the Umtf d States than the maintenance ot free
■ communication, by land and sea, between the
Atlantic and Pacific States and Temtoues oi the
■ Union, h is a material element of the national
integrity and sovereignty.
: I have adopted such precautionary measures,
' and have taken such action. t"r the piupose ui
i affording; security to the seveial transit rout- s <>t
Central Amenta, and to the persons and property
of citizens of tiie GJnued States connected wifh or
usinrf- tiie same, as are wiihm my constitutional
, power, and as existing circumstances have suaned
to demand. Should these measoies pio^e in
adequate to the object, that fact will be communi-
cated to Congress, with such recommendations
as the cxigcncv of the case may indicate.
FRANKLIN PIERCE.
Washington, Jtfay 15, 1856.
Mr. GROW. I move that the message and
accompanying documents be laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that there
be printed, for the use of this House, ten thousand
extra copies of the message and accompanying
documents.
The motion, under the rules, was sent to the
Cnmmirteo on Public Printing.
And then, on motion of Mr, GROW, (at a
quarter to five o'clock,) the House adjourned
until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday,^lay l(j, 1^50.
Prayer by Rev. Daniei. Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The J ourndl of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of c.iti-
■ zens of New Jersey, praying for the adoption of
| measures foi the construction of a railroad to the
' Pacific ocean; which was referred to the select
: committee on the Pacific railroad.
! Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented
the petition of John C. Carter, a lieutenant in the
■ Navy, for reimbursement of expenses incurred
; by hmi in conveying from Valparaiso to Rio dc
Janeiro, m the United States steamer Massachu-
' setts, at the request of the American Minister to
Chili, the Brazilian Minister to Chili; which was
■ referred to ibe Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mi. WILSON, from the Committee on Pri-
■ vale Land Chums, to whom was referred the
■ House bill to grant to L. Jane Horner and chil-
dren a section of land in Oregon, reported it with-
out amendment, and submitted a report; which
i was ordered to be printed.
| Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
,! Claims, to whom was referred the opinion of the
! Court of Claims, communicated to the Senate on
; the Jid of Apiil m favor of the claim of Asburv
' Dickms, accompanied wnh a bill, reported it with
an amendment. ri he bill was read, and passed
to a M-cond reading.
Vie ols'), fiom tiie same committee, to whom
! was ref rreu a bill communicated to the Senate on
I the l\bh insi,nit by the Court of Claims, for the
ruief of Michael "Nourse, reported it with an
ainwidmejit. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill communicated to the Senate
on the I2ih instant by the Court of Claims, for
the relief of John ilohb, reported it with an
amendment. The hill was read, and passed to a.
second leading.
He also, from Ilk same committee, to whom
Wcis rcfrred a bill communicated to the^ Senate
on the ]\)th instant by the Court of Claims, for
, the rulief of William H. Chase, reported it with-
'i out amendment. The bill was read, and passed
, to a sccond reading.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill of
the House of Representatives for the relief of
' John Crawford, reported it without amendment.
AMERICAN COINAGE.
! Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
' nance, reported the following resolution; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to:
RcsotvuK Thot thy h\cresur> o'Yne Treasure he roqnt^tcri
to instruct the ilnvtoi of the Mint to m?MUU_a st-ues of
1 expemueiiN, n-coieniLr to the athux and with the
ai.ee nt jn Jan'e^ T. lidulav. in ouler to detenu m ho^v
1 ici> it ptcchcanle h\ elicin'eat oi*onit r pmi-e*.-, or Dvdnli-
in<_% t<< ^iPunict uoin the cold and --llvet coin> ot t!ie t'nitcd
^laicv, in a mannei not to be detected by oeulai inspection,
ane n.,l\ t>v actual woishmg: und how far sneh dftenora-
tion ui. and ^mntar-t.on t;o;n. uk- euia?.. can be prevented
bv tl.nerer.c compound1- of tiie metals with the aitoy, l y a
ehaiiiie ol the du bv a eVumire of form and tlnckwew ot tue
y-v, ni\ dt'oeimiiati'>i>^ or uokl and siiver coins, by tiie suu-
1 snmnou o! .nricient inetais, and by anv oilier ineans whica
t,.e propped eipennienta may deve.'op. /tad the toccie-
