1240
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
tary of the Treasury is hereby further requested to report to
the Senate, at the earliest practicable day withm the present
session, the results of the experiments which may be made
in virtue thereof, together with such suggestions and recom-
mendations as may seem to him to be important 111 relation
to the coins of the United States.
BOUNTY LAND BILL.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Public Lands,
to whom were referred sundry memorials from
citizens of several States, praying for a modifi-
cation of the bounty land act of'1855, and espe-
cially that it may be so modified as to admit parol
evidence of military service, having reported
an amendatory act on that subject, which has
already become a law, ask to be discharged from
the further consideration of these memorials.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FOOT. The same committee, to whom
were referred sundry individual petitions, asking
for bounty land by special act, and setting forth
that their applications had been rejected at the
Pension Office for want of record evidence, inas-
much as these cases now come within the pro-
visions of the amended act upon that subject, ask
to be discharged from the further consideration
of these petitions.
The motion was agreed to.
The petitions upon which this report was made
are specified in the following order, in which the
action of the Senate is embodied:
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petitions of
John McDonald, and others; of Eleanor Davis; of Polly
Scott, widow of John W. Scott; of Nancy Mann; of Mar-
tha Morris ; of Polly Ftsk, widow of Thomas R. I Vk ; of
Sarah Larrabee; and five petitions of inhabitants of Ver-
mont, presented January 28; also, two petitions of citizens
of Maine, presented January 1/; five petitions of citizens
of the United States, presented January 17 ; the petition of
Sherlock Fillmore, and others, piesented March 10 ; three
petitions of citizens of New York, presented Maieli 3; a
petition of citizens of New York, piesented March 13; a
petition of citizens of Now Jersey, piesented Maieh-20; and
a petition of citizens of Indiana, presented Mai eh 31.
Mr. FOOT. The same committee, to whom
were referred the petitions of James Ladd and
others; David W. Rogers; Mary F. Henderson;
Benjamin Hathaway; Isaac S. Wlutford; the
heirs of Oliver Weeks; Sarah Baker, and John
S. Williams, praying for bounty land by special
net, have examined these petitions, and find that
they arc cases, in most instances, of children of
officers and soldiers of the Revolution and tire war j
of 1812, who had passed the age of minority at I
the time when the act of 1855 took effect, inas- j
much as that question was directly presented to i
the consideration of the Senate when the general !
act was before them for consideration, and that
principle was rejected by the Senate, the com-
mittee were not inclined to admit these cases
within the principle which the Senate rejected
tipon consideration, and therefore report adverse-
ly. I move that the report be printed.
The report was concurred ill, and it was or-
dered to be printed.
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it he
to meet on Monday next.
elections in washington city.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Bakci.ay, Assistant Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 125) defining the duties fif commission-
ers of elections for the city of Washington, and
for other purposes, with amendments.
Mr. DROWN. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up the bill which has just been
returned from the House of Representatives, with
the view of concurring in the amendments which
the House had made.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection
the bill will be taken on.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection to that;
but I supposed it was proposed to take up a bill
from the Private Calendar out of its order, which
has been repeatedly done. I have no objection
to the consideration of this bill.
The motion of Mr. Brown was agreed to; and
the Senate proceeded to consider the amendments
of the House, which proposed to strike out all
of the Senate bill after the enacting clause, and
insert:
That it shall be the duty of the city corporation to pro-
vide at least two election precincts in each ward; to appoint
commissioners to superintend elections m the same ; and
to adopt such other regulations as may be necessary to give
full force arid effect to this section.
Sec. 2. And whereas, native-born citizens, residents of
the city of Washington, who arrive at the age of twenty-
one years between the 31st day of Dcceinbei next preceding
the election and the day of election, aic not allowed to vote
at such election—
Be it further enacted, That no person being natuiahzed
between the last day of December and the day of the suc-
ceeding election shall be entitled to vote at such next suc-
ceeding election.
Sec. 3. Be it further enacted, That at all elections to be
held m the city of Washington for municipal otlicers, the
polls shall be opened at seven o'clock, a. m., and closed at
seven o'clock, p. m.; and that all act* and parts of acts in-
consistent with tins act aic hereby repealed.
The House also proposed to amend the title so
as to read "An act to provide, for at least two
election precincts m each ward m the city of
Washington, and for other purposes."
Mr. BROWN. In moving a concurrence in
the amendments of the House of Representatives,
I represent the views of the Democratic party in
this District. The bill, m the shape in which it
comes from the House, represents the views of
the American party; the Democrats are not satis-
fied with it; but in the present organization of the ';
House they know that it is the best they can get. ij
Itdoes not satisfy me,and I do not at all express
my own views in moving a concurreifte in these !
| amendments. Under any other circumstances I j
I should oppose them; hut the parties here who i!
j are interested in the matter feel perfectly assured*
i that they can get from this House nothing better, j
j They desire me, therefore, to move a concur- jj
| rence. ,]
j Under the law as it now is, youths becoming j|
1 of age between tie; 31st of December and the day M
, of the election m June, do not vote, for the rea- ji
' son that the voters must pay a school tax and j;
have their names registered before the 31st of l1'
| December. A boy not of age of course does not
I ray taxes, and Jus name is not on the register, 1
| and for tli.it reason he is not allowed to vote. \
1 Taking advantage of that, the House of Repre- j
I sentattves have incorporated into tins bill a pro-
; vision that foreigners naturalized between the j
j olst. dny ot December and the day of election !
shall not vote, although they may have paid taxes j
and complied with the requisitions of the law. It |
, seemed to me origina'ly, and it does yet, that it !
, would have b< en more just to include than to 1
I! exclude both classes; tluit is, to provide that all I
| persons becoming of age between the 31st of De- I
j cember and the day of election, and all persons 1
| naturalized between those dates, should be en-
' titled to voie. This would be just and fair to all j
I parties. It is very evident, however, that a dif- \
| iercnt view prevails in the House of Representa- j
j tives, and if the bill he returned to the House it ;
| will be lost. If it be postponed bevond Monday,
| it, will lie unavailing. Therefore,'I move a con- ,
j currenee in the amendments.
I Mr. SL WA11D. Air. President, my attention |
has been called to tins subject bv several of the
i cirizens of Washington in the part of the city m :
| which I am staying, and I took a very great i
| interest in having the bill nassed by the'House
1 of Repiexentatives in the shape in which it was 1
desired that it should pass by the honorable Sen- |
a tor from Mississippi. In consenting that it shall |
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to know the II pass in its present shape, I accede, as he. docs, ,
reason for it _ ^ !'to the wishes of thepeople, without at all approv- j
Mr. JjkOVVjN. I will explain after the amend- '' mg of the alteration which the bill has undergone j
"""'1 ' in the House of Representatives. j
The amendments of the House were concurred I
ment shall have been read.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to taking up the bill
out of its order unless there is some good reason.
Mr. BROWN. This reason is that this bill
lias passed the Senate and gone to the House
and been there amended in a manner in which
both parties in the District acquiesce. All that
is necessary is for the Senate to concur in the
amendment of the House of Representatives, and
let it be passed.
m.
A message was shortly afterwards received an-
nouncing the enrollment and signature of the bill
by the Speaker of the House of Representatives.
It was thereupon signed by the President of the
Senate.
A message was subsequently received from the
President of the United States, announcing that
he had approved and signed the "Act to provide
for at least two election precincts in each ward of
the city of Washington, and for other purposes."
JAMES DAVIDSON.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. When the Senate was
last acting on private bills there was inadvertently
passed over a bill reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs, (S. No. 262,) for the relief of
James Davidson, of Kentucky. I do not intend
to say a word on the subject, but I desire tljat the
Senate will take up the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to increase
the pension which Mr. Davidson now receives to
twenty dollars per month, the increase to com-
mence from the first receipt of his present pension.
The petitioner was captain of a company of
Kentucky volunteers, attached to the regiment
commanded by Colonel R. M. Johnson, in the
war of 1812, and was wounded on the 5th of
October, 1813, at the battle of the Thames. In this
sanguinary contest he was three times wounded.
His horse was shot under him, and he was left
for dead. The wounded of his company and regi-
ment were left with him at his house. He took
care of them, helped them to get home; in doing
so heexpended of his own money §355, for which
he has never been compensated, nor for the loss
of his horse. He had no idea of presenting any
claim against the Government until 1848, when
he applied for a pension, and was put upon the
pension roll at ten dollars per month. He is now
eighty years old, and in great poverty, and he
applies again to his country for relief, such as
they may deem suitable to give him. In his ex-
treme old age, and crippled by wounds received
in defense of his country, he finds himself unable
to earn a support.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
private calendar.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no further
morning business, the Chair will take up the un-
I finished business of yesterday.
I Mr. WADE. I move thatthe Senate proceed
, to the consideration of the Private Calendar in
! its order.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The Private Calendar
should come up, as a matter of course, to-day.
Mr. STUART. I think that the motion to
take up the Private Calendar should depend alto-
gether on the pleasure of the Senator fiom Flor-
ida, [Mr. Mallory,] who has the floor dn the
Navy question. If he desires to go on to-day, I
hope the Senate will agree that lie may go on;
otherwise I am anxious myself to proceed to the
consideration of the Private Calendar.
Mr. MALLORY. I, of course, would prefer
going on, so that we may get rid of this question,
and I am anxious for a vote at the earliest
moment. 1 am prepared to go on, and prefer to
do so.
Mr. STUART. If it is the understanding that
the honorable Senator from Florida should pro-
ceed, I hope we may now take up the question
on which he has the floor.
Mr. WADE. I feel constrained to insist that
we shall proceed with the Private Calendar to-day,
or, at least, shall devote some part of the day to
it. I move that wo proceed for one hour with
the Private Calendar.
M r. MALLORY. I do not anticipate occupy-
ing the floor for that time, and we can take up the
Private Calendar afterwards.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I presume the Senator
from Florida will not occupy more than an hour,
which will take us but a little beyond the morn-
ing hour, and then we can go on with the Private
Calendar.
Mr. WADE. Very well.
naval retiring board.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
113) to amend the act entitled "An act to pro-
mote the efficiency of the Navy."
Mr. MALLORY resumed and concluded his
speech of yesterday. He was followed by Mr.
CRITTENDEN, Mr. BENJAMIN, and Mr.
TOOMBS, whose speeches will be published
in the Appendix.
