514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
'amend an act passed March 3d, 1855, for the
improvement of the Savannah river; which was
read a first time and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom were referred sun-
dry petitions of citizens of Washington, praying
for the adoption of measures to prevent abuses at
elections in that city, reported a bill defining the
rights of voters and the duties of commissioners
at elections in the city of Washington, and for
other purposes; which was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred the petitions for
the relief of the owners and sharesmen of various
fishing schooners, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill, for the relief of the owners and
sharesmen of the following schooners: W anderer,
Mary, Olive Branch, Two Brothers, and Broth-
ers; which was read a first time, and ordered to
a second reading. He submitted a report on the
subject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, the Committee
on the Judiciary have had under consideration the
resolution of the Senate of the 4tli of February,
relative to the removal of the railroad track across
Pennsylvania avenue, in the city of Washington;
and have directed me to ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of the subjection
the ground that it involves private lights, claimed
under charters granted by Congress, and is, there-
fore, a question for the courts, and not for the
committee. I move that they be discharged from
the further consideration of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the special
message of the President of the United States,
asking for an appropriation of $3,000,000 to pre-
pare armaments, ammunition, and small-arms
for fortifications, reported a bill to increase the
efficiency of the United States Army; which was
read a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
On his motion, the message and accompanying
documents wore ordered to bo printed.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to regulate the terms of
the circuit court of the District of Columbia, and
for other purposes.
NAMES OF VESSELS.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Commerce
have directed me to report a bill (S. No. 121)
authorizing the issue of a register or enrollment
to the bark Cabargo. As the vessel is detained
in New York, and cannot (sail until the passage
of this bill, I ask for its consideration now.
By unanimous consent, the bill was read a first
and second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue a register
or enrollment to the bark Cabargo, which was
formerly a British vessii, but was dismantled on
a voyage to New- York, and was purchased and
repaired by a citizen of the United States, on its
being proved that the cost of the repairs is equal
to three fourths of the original cost of building
in the United States a vessel of the same tonnage.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the petition of John
Commins, of Charleston, South Carolina, have
directed me to report a bill (S. No. 122) to change
the name of the brig Hibernia to Victor of the
Wave.
The Senate passed a general bill, yesterday,
meeting this and similar cases, but, at the solici-
tation of the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Evans,] and at the request also of the member
representing the district in which the petitioner
resides, the committee have reported this special
bill, and ask the Senate to consider it at this
time. It is important to the owners of the vessel
that it should be passed at once. t
The bill was read a first and second time, and i
considered as in Committee of the Whole. No I
amendment being proposed, it was reported to
the Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, reada third time, and
passed.
JXTEENAL IMPROVEMENT BILLS.
Mr, STUART. I beg leave to report back
certain bills which have been referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and to recommend their
passage. In making this report I wish to state
that there are quite a number of bills which have
been referred to that committee, some of which
have been reported, and others of which will be
reported to-day, and I am instructed by the com-
mittee to give notice that I shall ask the Senate,
at a very early day, to take up that question and
dispose of all the bills. The bills which I now
report back are the following:
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of the Onton-
agon river, on Lake Superior, in the State of
Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at Marquette, on Lake Su-
perior, in the State of Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Kalapiazoo
river, in the State of Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of South Black
river, in the State of Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Grand
river, in the State of xVlichigan;
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Black Lake,
ill the State of Michigan;
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at New Buffalo, in the State
of Miclii gan;
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at the mouth of Clinton
river, in the State of Michigan;
A bill making1 an appropriation for completing
the harbor at St. Joseph, in the Stateof Missouri;
A bill making an appropriation for completing
the piers at the harbor of Monroe, m the State
of Michigan; und
A bill making an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor at' the mouth of Muskegon
river, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. DODGE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred the following bills,
reported them back without amendment:
A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the improvement of the harbor of Milwaukie, in
the State of Wisconsin;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Manitowoc, in Wisconsin;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Kenosha, Wisconsin;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Sheboygan, Wisconsin; and
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of llacme, Wisconsin.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom the following bills were referred,
reported them back without amendment:
A bill to provide for continuing the improve-
ment of the Missouri river;
A bill to provide for continuing the improve-
ment of the Mississippi river;
A bill for continuing certain public works in
the State of Massachusetts;
A bill making appropriations for public works
in the State of Maine;
A bill making an appropriation for a steam-
dredge on Lake Ontario;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Connoaut, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Huron, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Ashtabula, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Sandusky City, Ohio;
A hill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of Cleveland, Ohio;
A bill to continue the improvement of the har-
bor of .Fan-port, Ohio;
A bill to continue ihe improvement of the har-
bor at the mouth of Black river, Ohio;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Buffalo, New York, on Lake Erie;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Dunkirk, New York, on Lake Erie;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Oswego, New York, on Lake Ontario;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor at the mouth of Oak Orchard creek, New
York, on Lake Ontario;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Sodus bay, Cayuga county, New York,
on Lake Ontario;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of Sodus bay, Wayne county, New York,
on Lake Ontario;
A bill making an appropriation for the contin-
uation and completion of the breakwater in the
harbor of Burlington, on Lake Champlain;
A bill for continuing the improvement of the
navigation of the Arkansas river;
A bill to continue the improvements in the har-
bor of Newark, New Jersey;
A bill making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the Delaware breakwater;
A biil for continuing the improvement of the
harbor of New Castle;
A bill to continue the construction of a harbor
on the east side of Reedy Island; and
A bill making an appropriation for continuing
the improvement of the harbor of Erie, in the
State of Pennsylvania.
He, also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill to continue the improvement
of the Des Moines and the Rock river rapids,
in the Upper Mississippi, reported, it back with
amendments.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. GEYER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a joint resolution to au-
thorize the settlement of th'e account of the mar-
shal of the district of Missouri, by the Secretary
of the Interior.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the con-
struction of a steam dredge for Lake Michigan;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
making appropriations for the improvement of
the harbor of Dubuque; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
SENATOR-FROM ILLINOIS.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I ask leave,
on the part of the Committee on the Judiciary,
to submit ti report in a matter involving the right
to sit m this body of the Honorable Lyman Trum-
bull. The committee has had that subject under
consideration, and it has been very fully dis-
cussed by them. The result of the discussion
has been such a division of opinion as to render
it proper, in the opinion of the committee, that
the case should be referred to the Senate, and
that the committee should be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject. I submit a
report to that effect in writing. I ask that the
report be read.
• The report was read by the Secretary.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to th^report, and discharging the committee
from thewrther consideration of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BUTLER. In connection with this sub-
ject, I move that the protest of members of the
Illinois Legislature, and the other papers which
were before the committee, be printed for the use
of the Senate.
It was so ordered.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President. I think this sub-
ject should be made the special order for some
convenient time; and I give notice that, when it
shall come up, I shall offer a resolution declaring
that the gentleman is not entitled to a seat m tins
body. I am one of those members of the com-
mittee who have arrived at that result. I will
submit to the pleasure of the Senate in regard to
what day shall be fixed for the consideration of
the subject.
Mr. fciTUART. I think the Senator will bet-
ter accomplish his object by offering his resolu-
tion now, and then moving to postpone the con-
sideration of it until a future time.
Mr. PUGH." I am acting under the advice of
the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUTLER. My friend from Ohio has
given notice that he will offer a resolution de-
claring the seat vacant when the subject comes
up. I can see no objection to that course.
Mr. STUART. Very well, sir.
