1896]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL <MjOS£t
505
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Personal Explanation—Mr. FttHer, of Pennsylvania.
Ho. or Reps;
that is even rnRKiiol here—who would not have thanked
the cenerauona that have gone before us, if, acting as pub-
lic men they bad brought this bondage to a close; who
would not have thanked them, if, acting as private men,on
nrivate motives, they had relinquished the property which
their mistaken kindness has devolved upon us. In this
investigation there is no difficulty; nothing has been left
to speculation or inquiry; for, however widely gentlemen
have differed upon the power and the justice of touching
tins property, they have yet united in a common testimony
to its character. It has been frankly and unequivocally de-
property."
(4-)
Wileesbarre, Septemier 191*, 1849.
Mt dear Sir : I observe in the Pennsylvanian of yester-
day, a copy of which I send you herewith, a publication
purporting to be a private letter, written by Henry M. Ful-
ler to you, under date of 18th August, ultimo.
But a few days prior to the departure of Mr. Fuller, on
his canvass of the State, he exhibited to me a letter addresed
to you, on the subject of the probable action to be taken
by your convention, soon to meet at Hyde Park; but really,
sir, 1 am unable to recognise in the letter now published
hardly a feature of the original. J
Standing in the relation of a personal apd political friend
of Mr. Fuller, I deem it my duty, in his absence, to call your
attention to the publication, and request that you will, at
the earliest convenient date, furnish me with such an ex-
planation as the facts of the case must certainly warrant.
I cannot believe that you would become a party to so
cross a fraud upon the public, as be instrumental in such a
groundless misrepresentation of Mr. Fuller's views; and I
confidently hope that you will be able to give me a full and
satisfactory explanation.
With sentiments of high regard, I am. very truly, tec.,
GAK&ICK M. HARDING.
F. Saitoh, £sq., Archibald, Pa.
Archibald, September 13,1849.
Mt dear Sir : Your letter of the 19th instant is before
me. I am exceedingly mortified about this matter, and
angry also; and more angry than mortified. Mr. Fuller
wrote me a private letter about the middle of last month,
which has been stolen from my possession; I cannot tell
how, nor by whom, though 1 have my suspicions. The
published letter has been most damnably altered, and made
considerably stronger than when I saw it. I will try to set
it right. I wish you would write to Mr. Fuller and explain
it, as without explanation he will think very meanly of me.
My acquaintance with Mr. F. is limited, having only met
him on two orthree occasions at the Waynecounty courts.
From what I have seen and heard of him, I have taken a
liking to him, and mean to help him. We'll try to pay off
these scurvy rascals for putting this trick upon me. Fuller
ought to be elected, and 1 think he will be. If he was only
a Democrat, he would knock the spots off from these fel-
lows. We cant make much impression on our side, as 1
understand Gamble goes all in on our Free-Soil views. Still,
we will do all we can, and I shall work all the harder now.
If yon should be coming up this way before the election, I
should like to have you call; I want to explain this matter
more fully. When will Fuller be back? it would do good
if be would come up here.
Yours, «tc., F. SAXTON.
To G. M. Hardiho, Wilkesbarre, Pennsylvania.
(5.)
Archibald, March 26,1856.
Dear Sir: My attention has recently been called to a
letter published in the Luzerne Union, purporting to have
• been written by you in August, 1849, to Mr. B. F. Saxton,
of this place. It appears to me these must be some mis-
take about this matter. Just previous to your nomination
for Canal Commissioner, I well remember, Frederic Sax-
ton, a lawyer of this place, (and no other Saxton has ever
resided here,) exhibited to me a letter fVom you to him,
but, to the best of my recollection, a very different one
from that now published. A short time after, he informed
me that the letter had been stolen, altered, and published
in Philadelphia. That publication, however, I never saw;
but the more recent one, in the Luzerne Union, I have
read, as well as the comments of the press thereon. I
deem it but justiee to you to state my recollection of this
matter. There was not, to the best of my recollection, any
mention of the Wilmot proviso in your letter. You did
express yourself adverse to slavery extension, but did not
avow any sympathy with-the Free-Soil party; and being
•myself, at that time, a member of that party, and knowing
well your political sentiments, I may say, truthfully, I do.
not believe you felt any sympathy for us. If I remember
aright, the main object of your letter was, to influence Mr.
Saxton to exert himself to prevent any nomination or any
distinct party action by the Free -Soilers whatever. I have
known your political sentiments ever since you entered
upon political life; they have always been moderate and
conservative—never ultra or extreme. You have always
been known distinctively as a Whig—a conservative Whig—
but never as an Abolitionist, or as having entertained any
Abolition tendencies or sentiments. I make these remarks
to you for the reason that my name was alluded to in the
letter to. Saxton; and from the ftict of my having seen the
letter, my silence might be construed as evidence that tlx
letter, as published in the Union, was a true copy of the
original. I have no doubt but that the letter, as published
in that paper, has been materially altered.
I am, truly, yours, JOHN P. FARNHAM.
Hon. Hoar M. Fuller.
(«•)
wilkesbarre, vSugttst 18, 1849.
Mt dear Sir : Your favor of the 15th instant was duly
received, and me matter of Mr. Hackley shall have imme-
diate attention. I will write you fully in a few days. Let
us have a little private talk on the subject of our State elec-
tion. You state that a Free-Soil convention will meet at
Hyde Park on the 30th instant, and that you will attend as
a delegate. The Whig convention met at Harrisburg day
before yesterday. We have received no intelligence yet,
but will this evening or in the morning. My friends here
are confident of my nomination. I have really very little
feeling on the subject. The office is not to my liking—still,
if nominated, I shall desire an election. If your friend9
should persist in maintaining a distinct organization, and
make a separate nomination, as has been suggested, it will
do injury. You say you are friendly, and desire to aid
my election. I believe you are so, and would suggest, there-
fore, that you prevail upon your friends to make no nomi-
nation. How this is to be accomplished, you will best
understand—perhaps by resolution; consult with our mutual
flrieuds, Farnbam and Hackley—they are both substantial
sensible men, and competent to advise in the matter. On
the subject of free soil, I believe our people here and every-
where are in favor of free labor and free men. I certainly
am opposed to extending slavery, and desire whatever can
rightly be done to restrain or ameliorate it should be done.
It is an exciting question, calculated to produce much
inflammation and extreme opinions. I would avoid undue
excitement; but at the same time insist upon the rights and
interests of my section, doing no injustice to any other.
But enough of this—ours is a State canvass, and this ques-
tion can hardly be considered an issue. If I should be
nominated by the Harrisburg convention, my chief desire
in securing the election will be to obtain a popular indorse-
ment of the measure I advocated in the Legislature last
winter, and about which we had so much trouble—the com-
pletion of the North Branch canal; its completion, in my
judgment, will not only be of large benefit to us here, but
very materially increase the State revenue. It is destined
to do a large business. Its merits are not understood. I
shall stump the State, probably, and talk to the people on
that subject. Let me hear from you soon.
Yours, respectfully, H. M. FULLER.
F. Saxton, Esq., Archibald, Pennsylvania.
(7.)
Resolution of the Democratic State Convention of Pennsyl-
vania, at Pittsburg, in 1849.
" Resolved, That the Democratic party adhere now, as it
over has done, to the Constitution of the country. Its letter 1
and spirit they will neither weaken nor destroy, and they re- .
declare that slavery is a local, domestic institution of the
South, subject to State alone, and with which the General 1
Government has nothing to do. Wherever the State law
extends its jurisdiction the local institution can continue to
exist. Esteeming it a violation of State rights to carry it
beyond Slate limits, we deny the power of any citizen to
extend the area of bondage beyond its present dominion;
nor do we consider it a part of the compromise of the Con-
stitution that slavery should forever travel with the advanc-
ing column of our territorial progress."
(8.)
JFrom the Pennsylvanian, September 10,1849.
"It is along period of time since we have been more grati-
fied than by the indication of a spirit of conciliation con-
tained in the following resolution:
" Resolved, That Congress possesses legislative power over
the subject oif slavery in the Territories of the United States,
and ought so to exercise that power as effectually to pre-
vent the establishment or sufferance of slavery. Whilst we
thus reaffirm these principles, we concede to our Demo-
cratic Drethren of the South the same freedom of thought
and of expression which we claim for ourselves,' he.
"Every Democrat in the Union will hail this resolution as
oil poured upon the troubled waters. It assertB the broad
principle, that there is no intention on the part of those
who entertain particular views on the slavery question to
make their views a ' political test'—an avowal that will
be universally applauded, and everywhere greeted With joy.
The Democracy of Bradford have set a noble example—an
example that cannot fail to be generally followed, and thus
lead to the happiest results. It is the belief entertained in
many quarters, North and South, that the object was en-
tertained of interpolating the national Democratic creed
with the test here disavowed, that has led to all difficulties
' upon the question of slavery. This impression is com-
pletely dissipated by the resolution adopted by the Bradford
| Democracy— thus leaving to every member of the Demo-
cratic party the right of entertaining and urging whatever
sentimen's upon the subject may seem to him best, without
hazarding his political position, or losing the confidence
of his party."
' (9-)
Letter from Mr. Gamble, Democratic candidate for Canal
Commissioner of Pennsylvania ip 1849.
Jerset Shore, September 13,1849.
Gidtlexek : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of the 4th instant, propounding to me the fol-
lowing questions, in pursuance of your appointment as a
committee for that purpose by a meeting of " Free-Soil
Democrats," held at Tioga, on the 3d of September instant.
However reluctant I feel to give publicity tomy " views"
upon a subject so foreign and distinct from the duties and
functions of the office for which I have the honor to be the
candidate of the Democratic party, I cannot, nevertheless,
decline to answer questions emanating from, and deemed
important by, so respectable a public meeting of my fellow-
citizess.
To the tot question, namely: " What are your views
in relation to the constitutional power of Congress to pro.
hibit slavery in the Territories belonging to the United
States?" I answer: that, in my humble judgment, Con-
gress possesses such constitutional power.
To the second question, namely: " If you believe Con-
gress possesses the requisite authority for that purpose, are
you in favor of the passage of an act extending to all such
Territories th<; principles of the ordinance of 1787 ?" I
answer: that I «m in favor of the passage of such an act,
or the adoption of any other constitutional measure deemed
necessary, in order to prohibit the further extension of
human slavery.
With sentiments of the highest respect, I remain your
obedient servant, JOHN A. GAMBLE.
F. E. Smith, U. C. Webb, and Levi Bioelow, Esquires.
(10.)
Speech of General Cass, February 90,1850.
« When the Wilmot proviso was first proposed, I have
never concealed or denied that, had it been pushed to *
vote, I should have voted far it. There is no need for any
Senator to resort to and retail conversations in railroad cars
to prove this. I had never examined the constitutional
power of Congress; and, when the subject was proposed,
it did not excite that opposition from the South which we
have witnessed, nor lead reflecting men to doubt whether
such a provision could be enforced without danger to the
Union. Southern men, I believe, had previously voted for
a similar measure; and it had not become a grave, sectional
question, involving the most fearful consequences. At a
subsequent session, convinced of its bearing, I spoke and
voted against it; still, however, without touching the con-
stitutional point. Afterwards circumstances required me
to examine the subject more narrowly. The public mind
in the South became highly excited, and the indications
were Hill of danger and difficulty. I felt, then, as I do now,
that the Union was the great object of every American,
and that there are few sacrifices which Ought not to be
made to preserve it. I was prepared to go as far as any man
Ought to go to attain that object. In examining the Consti-
tution with reference to the whole matter more narrowly
than I had ever done before, I was startled by the convic-
tion that no authority was granted in that inurnment to
Congress to legislate over the Territories, and that, conse-
quently, there was no power to pass the Wilmot proviso.
" Not satisfied with my own impressions, and being un-
willing to take such aground without proper consideration,
I determined immediately to converse with some person
fully conversant with the history of the legislation and the
judicial decisions on the subject. In looking about for that
purpose, it immediately occurred to me that an eminent
judge of the Supreme Court, [Judge McLean, of Ohio,] from
his position and associations, as well as from his residence
in the West, could give better information upon this subject
than any other person. Anticipating that some discussion
might soon arise that wonld render this explanation proper,
I applied to that gentleman some days since, and requested
his permission thus publicly to refer to him, should I deem
it necessary. This he cheerfully granted, and I now make
use of his name with his own consent. I immediately re-
paired to him and stated my doubts, as well as the circum-
stances which gave rise to them. I need not repeat the
conversation here. It is enough to say that he confirmed
my impressions, and informed me that, in an article pub-
lished in the National Intelligencer a day or two previously,
and which I had not seen, I should find his views fully set
forth. That article has since been republished in other
papers, and has attracted a good deal of attention, as it de-
served, for it is powerfully written. I speak, sir, solely of
the views which it presents of the power of Congress to
legislate for the Territories. The question of slavery which
it discusses I do not refer to. After reading this article, my
doubts ripened into convictions, and I took the ground to
which J shall always adhere, that the Wilmot proviso is
unconstitutional. And you have now, sir, the history of my
course upon this subject."
(lL)
Public meeting at Wilketbarre, held lltfc November, 1850, to
take irSo consideration the subject of the Fugitive Slave
BUI, and to assert the supremacy of the law—General E.
W. Shurdevant, President.
Charles J. a. Chapman, Esq., reported the following res-
olutions :
Resolved, That the present crisis In our national affairs,
and the alarming spread of seditious and fanatical doctrines,
openly avowed and propagated, call upon all true patriots
to define their position and stand by the country in the
hour of need.
Resolved, That we cherish the Union for the sake of the
Union; for the noble spirits who framed and the hallowed
blood which cements it; we cherish it more for its security
to life and its protection to property.
Resolved, That we look upon the late act of Congress, in
regard to fugitive slaves, as intended to carry out one of
the compromises of the Constitution, creating no new ju-
dicial authority, abolishing no fundamental right, and as
such we are bound to sustain it.
Resolved, That only genuine liberty is found in obedience
to righteous law; and we hold the man who encourages
resistance to law a traitor to his country, and an enemy to
mankind.
Resolved, That the President of the United States, by
his promptness and decision in carrying out the provisions
and maintaining the supremacy of thelaws, merits the ap-
plause and will receive the support of his countrymen—
"Well done, good and faithful servant!"
Resolved, That the noble stand taken in the late struggle
between the spirit of anarchy and the spirit of constitu-
tional freedom,by Messrs. Cass, Clay, Webster, Dickinson,
Foote, Douglas, Cooper, and other noble coadjutors upon
the floor ofCongress, elicits our warmest admiration; and
our aspirations are, that they may ever be brethien, separa-
