1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2115
Mr. BROWN. My next amendment is to come
in after the appropriation for lighting Pennsyl-
vania. avenue:
For erecting eighty lamp-posts and burner?, and supplying
the same witli gas for twelve month-, in High and Bridge
street^, m Geoi<retown, District of Columbia, the same to
be expended under the direction of the Mayor ot said eitv,
$4,143 60.
Mr. HUNTER. "We have not been appropri-
ating to light the streets in Georgetown.
Mr. BROWN. I know you have not been,
but it is high time you commenced.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know but that the
result will be to light all the streets in both cities.
I believe we have confined ourselves heretofore
to Pennsylvania avenue, and the spaces around
the Public Buildings. For one I am not willing
to go further.
Mr. BROWN. These streets in Georgetown
are nothing but a continuation of Pennsylvania
avenue. The only difference is, that they run
in a different city, separated from Washington
by a creek. We have made no appropriation
m Georgetown. X think they are as much con-
nected with the Government as Washington.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. I propose the following amend-
ment to come in after the appropriation for repairs
of the Potomac and Navy-Yard bridges:
And with a view to the construction of a new and sub-
stantial bridge across the Potomac, the ^eeietaiy of the In-
terior be, and he is hereby, authouzed to causc druwmg-
and estimates for the conjunction of an iion suspension
bridge, also for a stone-aich bridge, to be prepared and sub-
mitted to Congress at its ne.\t session ; and with o tuither
view of enabling Conffie^s to -select the most eligible Mte
for said bridge, the Secretaryaforesaidisinsnucted tocause
drawings and estimates to be prepared tor a budge at or
near the site of the present Potomac bridge, anothei at or
near the place known as the Thiee Sisteis, and another at
fcuch intermediate point as may be deemed most eligible.
The committee had not, and could not obtain
such accurate and reliable information as would
justify them in proposing the construction of a
new bridge at any particular point. This amend-
ment is intended to procure that information. A
majority of the committee is opposed to the
present Long Bridge, and to the construction of
a new bridge at that point; but if, upon accurate
survey, that shall be found to be the most eli-
gible place, (which we believe ourselves is not
going to turn out to be the case,) of course we
shall be compelled to give up our present notion.
If this amendment be adopted, the committee is
willing to let the appropriation for repairs go on,
looking to the construction of a new bridge here-
after. If it fails, I am instructed to move to strike
out so much as applies to the repair of the Lung
Bridge.
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This is the beginning of
an expenditure, I suppose, of half a million or a
million of money. It is well known that, when-
ever the Government makes a commencement, we
are committed to the work. Now, I am opposed
to the Government making bridges over any of the
streams around Washington. They ought to be
crossed—as the Hudson and Delaware are crossed
at New York and Philadelphia—by steam ferries.
J think we ought not to order these surveys, bo-
cause, when they are once ordered by Congress,
we know the work will go on, and a very expens-
ive bridge will be made. I do not think we are
called upon to expend large sums of money m
the District of Columbia for the benefit of the peo-
ple here. Persons who desire to reach the city of
Washington by crossing the Potomac should pay
forgoing over a steam ferry, as the people do at
New York and Philadelphia.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator is probably wrong
in the amount of his estimate of the cost of the
bridge; but I say, candidly, to the Senator, and
to the Senate, that this is the commencement of
a substantial national bridge across the Potomac,
or is so designed—one which shall be worthy of
the nation, which shall be such a bridge as Gen-
eral Jackson at one time recommended Congress
to construct.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Will it not obstruct navi-
gation r
Mr. BROWN. I hope it will be put in such a
position that it will not interfere with navigation.
We shall have an eye to that when we get all
these plans and surveys in.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 desire to ask the Senator
from Pennsylvania why it is that the mode of
crossing rivers at Philadelphia and New York is
preferable to the mode of crossing them at London
and Paris ? I do not exactly see the logic of the hon-
orable Senator's position. The people of the cap-
ital want avenues on which they can pass across
rivers without the necessity of transhipment. It
is a great inconvenience, both to the people of
Philadelphia and those at New York, that they can
have no bridges. I believe thq, time is not far
distant when there will be a bridge over the rivers
at both places. We haveundertaken bridges here
on that principle—I have no doubt a principle
wisely adopted—but we have built a bridge which
is inadequate, and an obstruction to navigation.
Here is a proposition in the bill to continue that
bridge interminably, to the great obstruction of
navigation—possibly to the destruction of the
port of Georgetown above—which is a consider-
able port. I think U is quite time to begin (and
I agree with the Committee on the District of
Columbia m that respect) to stop appropriations
for the Long Bridge, and make our calculations
for a suspension bridge, which will not obstruct
navigation, but answer all the purposes.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen. Bavard, Bell of Tennessee, Ben-
jamin, Higgs, ttiglct, Bright. Biown, Cass-, O.n, Colhuner,
Dodge. Fish, Foot, Geyer, Hale, Harlan, Hou-ton, Iluntci,
Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory, Peaiee, Piatt,
Pugh, Rcid, Sebastian, Sewaul, ^iideil, tJtu'ait, Tiumbull,
Weller. VViKon. and Wright—Hi.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Brodbead, Durkee, Tverson,
Thomson of New Jersey, Wade, and Yulee—7.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. BROWN. My next amendment is to in-
sert, after the appropriation for the grounds south
of the President's House:
For continuing the grading and filling up of the public
grounds south of the Capitol, §20,000.
I have a word to say in explanation of the
amendment. I called on the Secretary of the In-
terior in reference to this appropriation, and he ]
stated that it was proper, lie failed to estimate ;
for it, because this grading was commenced j
by Congress, and he did not therefore feel called I
upon, in the absence of what he conceived proper !
authority, to send in an estimate. The grading \
has all been done on the north side of the Capi- i
tol, and it has been completed, and that of the i
south side has been going on,and the money has :
become exhausted. There is a deficiency in the j
fund of ^60,000; and I am told by the Commis- I
sioner of Public Buildings that £,20,000 can be j
used tins year.
Mr. HUNTER. Why did he not estimate
for it ?
Mr. BROWN. The Secretary of the Interior
said he did not estimate for it, because it w.is a
congressional work; but he said that it was a
proper appropriation, and that the work ought to
be done. He did not estimate, because the work ; ;
was not put under his charge. jj
Mr. HALE. It seems to me this is a matter
which should appropriately come from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings. The chairman can |
state, I think, that it i$ one upon winch the com- ■■
mittce have noted, and would not icoommend.
Mr. BAYARD. I have felt some embarrass- ''
ment, owina to the course which the chairman of
the Committee on the District of Columbia has ,
taken at this session. It is a matter about which I
1 care nothing; I want no struggieon the subject;
but most, unquestionably, aecouling to the prac-,
tice of the Senate, the honorable chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia has !
assumed duties which do not belong to his com- j
mittee. This is one instance. On the very sub-
ject which the honorable Senator hn*? now intro- ■
duced, I have taken the vote of the Committee on
Public Buildings, and they determined that it was 1
unnecessary and improper to authorize any such i
expenditure until the plan for the enlargt ment of j
the Capitol grounds was fixed upon. I think they
determined rightly. My own opinion agreed with '!
them, that, until the plan was adopted, and we 1
knew how the grounds were to be enlarged, to
appropriate any money without an estimate from
the Department at all, merely on the estimate of
the Commissioner of Public Buildings, for the
grading of the south grounds, would be improper.
That is the reason we determined against it.
Mr. BROWN. Tlicr^ has always been, as we
know, some difficulty in defining the precis#
jurisdiction of the two committees acting in the
District. If the Committee oil Public Buildings
and Grounds had the subject under considera-
tion, and rejected this item, I am willing, with
the concurrence of my associates on the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, to withdraw the
amendment. I certainly do not mean to trench
on any privilege, or right, or duty, belonging to-
any other committee. This matter was sent to
us through some of the officers of the Govern-
ment—I do not recollect how; but it was refer-
red to us, and we took jurisdiction, because the
matter was before us. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It require?
unanimous consent. If there be no objection, it
will be regarded as withdrawn. The Chair hears
no objection.
Air. BROWN. I have another amendment.
T do not know but that my friend fiom Delaware
will think it interferes with his committee. It is
to insert, after the clause for rebuilding the Frank-
lin engine-house:
That the Secretaiy of the. Treasury be, and be is hereby,
a^thonzed and leqmred to eau-e a suitable site for a new*
jnfl to be. selected at or near the penitentiary in the city of
Wa-inneton, and that he eau-e to be prepared drawings
anil speeiiicuttons for the said jail, to be submitted to Con-
git'-s on or befoie the 10th day of December next, together
with estimate- of the co^t of building said jail.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after the appropriation for pay-
ing laborers for shoveling snow from the walks
around the public buildings:
For grading, graveling, and completing the culvert across
Tiber eieek, on Indiana avenue, $6,000.
This is to complete a work already commenced
by Congress, which is left in an unfinished con-
dition. It is according to estimate contained in
the report of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings. In the interview which I had with the Sec-
retary of the Interior, he gave me the same in-
iormauon in regard to this as the Capitol grounds.
He thought it a work proper to be done, but it
was not commenced on bis recommendation, or
in any umv put under his control.
Mr. BAYARD. I should suppose that this
amendment would appropriately belong to the
Committee on Public Buildings. All I can say
is, we have had before us several items of appro-
priation, which rhc CommissionerofPubhc Build-
ings was desirous of having added to this bill by
the Senate; and this was not among them. This
is the first time I have ever heard of any project
of this kind. If it came from the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, certainly, in giving to me
a list of those amendments which he desired to
have added to the bill, connected with the public
grounds, he ought to have given nil. He did not
give me this. Those which he did give ru* have
ail b'*en passed on by the committee, and the de-
termination is, to adopt none of them.
Mr. BROWN. I cannot yield to my friend
f;om DeUwdie on this point; for if there is any-
thing inside ;he Distiictof Columbia that is under
the control of thr Committer 011 the District of
Columbia, it is thr avenues. They are not pub-
he grounds in the ordmaiy acceptation of the
term. This Capitol and the grounds on which it
stands me within the jurisdiction of the Commit-
ter on Public Buildings and Grounds, The Pres-
ident's House, and the grounds surrounding it,
are under the jurisdiction of the Committee on
Public Buildups and Grounds; but unquestion-
ably, the av'- mus of the city are now, as they
have always bei-n, under the jmisdiction of the
District Co'mmitt'c, and are not public grounds
in any proper acceptation oflhc term.
Mr. BAYARD.* As I stated to the honorable
Senator before. I should be gratified if the Senate
would please to determine what public works in
the District of Columbia come properly within
the appropriate dutus of the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and what within the juris-
diction of the Committee on Public Buildings.
All I can say is, that the appropriations for iho
avenues at the two preceding sessions of Con-
gress, since I have oeen on the Committee on
Public Buildings, until the honorable Senatorfrom
Mississippi became chairman of the Committee
011 the District of Columbia, have invariably
come from the Coimr.iitee on Public Buildings,
