1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. '
517-
those measures which have been specially sub-
mitted to his committee by resolution of the
Senate. Now, sir, I have no objection to any one
of the objects for which this bill provides. I do
object, however, to uniting in one bill appropria-
tions for works which have already been author-
ized by law and appropriations for the commence-
ment of new works. If the Committee on Military
Affairs intend to report appropriations for other
fortifications, I wish either to see them included
in one bill, or to let each one stand by itself.
It is now nearly three weeks since I submitted
a resolution, which was adopted by the Senate,
calling upon the War Department for information
with regard to the necessity of further works for
the protection of the harbor of New York. To
that we have had no reply. I have, therefore,
been unable to bring that subject to the consid-
eration of the Committee on Military Affairs. A
resolution was offered a few days before I sub-
mitted mine, with regard to fortifications neces-
sary for defenses on the Gulf of Mexico. An
answer came to that resolution within three days
after its adoption, I think; and the works which
is recommended are provided for in this bill.
Now, sir, I wish to have this bill recommitted
to the Committee on Military Affairs, with in-
structions to report either separate bills for the
commencement of such new works as they may
think proper, or to report a general bill for all
new fortifications which may be necessary. I
dislike to see a bill now forced upon us joroviding
for fortifications in three States alone—Florida,
Texas, and California; for, if that be passed, I fear
we shall then be told that all that is necessary
in regard to new fortifications has already been
done. I think it appropriately belongs to the
Committee on Military Affairs to recommend
new works, and to the Finance Committee to
recommend appropriations for those already au-
thorized by law. I am content that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs should take jurisdic-
tion of the whole subject of new fortifications. I
am willing to leave it with them. If they are
under the impression that the port of New York
requires no further fortifications, I must of course
submit, unless I can induce the Senate to reverse
the report of the committee; but I desire to have
this subject recommitted until I can get an oppor-
tunity of hearing from the War Department with
reference to the resolution of inquiry which I
submitted.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, matters of
rule are sometimes matters of substance; and it
seems to me that this debate has shown very
clearly the propriety of the rule which requires
appropriations for existing fortifications—for old
works—to go to the Committee on Finance, and
which confines the Committee on MilitaryAffairs
to the origination of appropriations for new works.
It seems to me that that division is eminently
proper; and if, by mistake, the Senate has trans-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs that
which belongs legitimately to the Committee on
Finance, it seems to me it would be far better for
the Military Committee to confine itself to that
which belongs to it, according to the usual course,
and to propose that the other subject should take
its usual and common destination.
Now, sir, I do not sec why all the old works
may not go together. They have been determ-
ined upon. After consideration, it has been de-
termined that fortifications are required in various
places. They have been commenced; there is no
longer a question as to The propriety of erecting
them, but merely as to the amount to be appro-
priated. That subject, it seems to me, ought to
be committed to the Committee on Finance, and
I can see no reason why those old works should
be taken out of their place, and why we should
act upon them now. Why, sir, this money can-
not be expended except during the next fiscal
year. I take it for granted that money has al-
ready been appropnated to them for the present
fiscal year; and the money now proposed to be
appropriated cannot be spent dming this fiscal
year. The general bill will probably come up
and be acted upon before the next fiscal year
commences. I do not see that California or
Florida would lose by taking their place along
with the other fortifications. For one, 1 stand
here ready to vote for them; I believe those points
ought to be fortified. I will go a little further:
I believe there is more pressing necessity for for-
tifying those places at this time than any others
of which I have any knowledge; but still I do
not think that the necessity is so pressing but
that the appropriations for these purposes should
take their place in the general appropriation bill.
I think, therefore, it will be better to recommit
this bill to the Committee on Military Affairs,
with instructions to bring in a bill for such new
fortifications as they may think necessary for the
genera] defense of the country. I think if they
would do that they would accommodate all these
matters; and I do not believe that either Florida
or California would lose by it.
Sir, if you were to pass this bill separately I
have no idea that the House of Representatives
would act on it in advance of all others. It would
be objected to there, as it has been here. I have
no doubt that provision for these fortifications
during the next fiscal year will be made just as
soon in the general appropriation bill, as by pass-
ing this bill at the present time in this body.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 accept the motion of the
Senator from Virginia, instead of the one which
I made. My motion was to recommit the bill,
with instructions to report upon the whole case.
1 am satisfied it is more appropriate to recommit
with the instructions suggested by the honorable
Senator from Virginia. I therefore withdraw my
motion, and hope that his will be adopted.
Mr. YULEE. Mr. President, I understand
that the appropriations contemplated by the bill
which is now before the Senate comprises new
works altogether, with the exception of two
works in California, and two in Florida. Sena-
tors have spoken of the appropriations for Florida,
as though the bill proposed to provide for all the
fortifications which are in progress in Florida.
They are mistaken in this. There are several
fortifications now in progress in that State which
are not provided for in this bill. The appropria-
tions here are confined to the new works at the
entrance of the Gulf of Mexico, which, although
lying within the jurisdiction of Florida, are dis-
connected from the main shore, and require early
and immediate appropriations, for reasons pecu-
liar to themselves. Those reasons 1 understand
to be these: the appropriation for the present
fiscal year will be exhausted before new appro-
priations can be made m the usual course of legis-
lation by the general bill. I understand they are
very nearly exhausted now.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the Senator that
the bill before us does not propose to apply the
appropriation which it makes to the present fiscal
year. The appropriation is to be applied in the
next fiscal year.
Mr. YULEE. I will ask my colleague [Mr.
Mallory] if I understood him correctly. My
understanding was, that he said the particular
occasion for an early and immediate appropria-
tion for the works at Tortugas and Key West
grows out of the fact, that the appropriations for
the present fiscal year are nearly exhausted, and
that the works must be abandoned unless an ap-
propriation be made immediately.
Mr. MALLORY. That is my understanding.
Mr. YULEE. If that be the fact, and the bill
now before the Senate proposes an appropriation
to take cffect only after the expiration of the pres-
ent fiscal year, I shall move an amendment by
which it may be made applicable to the present
necessities.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to make a suggestion
to the honorable Senator from Florida, which
may perhaps remove the present difficulty as to
the' oid works. I understand that a deficiency
bill will probably be hero soon—at least that is
the opinion of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means of the other House, with
whoml was conversing this morning. When that
bill comes up, if it is the purpose of the Senator
to obtain an appropriation to be applied during the
present fiscal year, such a provision will properly
come in as an amendment to that bill. That can
be done without interfering with the usual juris-
diction of the committees.
Mr. WELLER. I will state, that for the work
at Fort Jefferson, on the Tortugas, the amount
of unexpended appropriation m the Treasury,
on the 1st of October last, was §61,000. That
amount, the Department says, will be expended
by the 30\h of June, 1856. For the fortifica-
tion at Fort Taylor, Key West, there was ap-
plicable, on the 1st of October, 1855, $70,000,
which it is supposed will be" expended by the 1st
of June of this year. The appropriations pro-
posed by this bill are to be expended in the year
ending 30th June, 1857,
Mr. YULEE. There is no probability, judg-
ing from past experience, that the general appro-
priation bill for fortifications can be passed ear-
lier than the month of July or August. If that
be so, there will be an interval during which no
appropriation will exist for the progress of the
works to which I have alluded. The peculiar
necessity for an earlier appropriation for them
grows out of the isolated position of those two
works. They are prosecuted by laborers carried
there from a distance. If operations be suspended,
those laborers will necessarily be scattered, and
a long time must elapse before they can be again
collected there.
Now, it is immaterial to me from what com-
mittee an appropriation may come. If it is con-
templated by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, that a deficiency bill will be passed at a
sufficiently early period to make such provision
as will prevent the suspension of these works, I
shall have no objection; but if that be not the case,
I hope the Senate will not be prevented, by any
question of form, from making an immediate ap-
propriation . The works of which I have spoken,
it is true, lie within the jurisdiction of Florida,
but they are works intended to cover the Gulf of
Mexico, in the trade of which all the western States
and all the gulf States are interested. They are
more material and more important than any lo.cal
fortifications at any of the points on the Gulf of
Mexico, because they meet at the threshold an
enemy approaching for invasion. I hope, there-
fore, that, unless it is contemplated to make an
early provision in some other mode by which the
continuance of those works will not be jeoparded,
the Senate, not regarding the form or the partic-
ular committee from which this proposition has
come, will make the appropriation provided for
by the bill before us.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 only wish to say to the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, and to
the chairman of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, that it is an eiror to denominate Fort Jeffer-
son as a Florida fortification. It is at least one
hundred miles from the mainland of Florida. Itis
an i solated ocean fortification standing upon a coral
reef, and much more intimately connected with all
the western States than with the State of Florida.
It cannot, in any appropriate sense, be said to be
a Florida fortification any more than an appropri-
ation for Alabama, or for any neighboring State.
Mr. HUNTER. This is not a question of
topography. I would as soon vote for an appro-
priation for Florida as for any other State in the
Union. It is merely a question of rule and of
propriety; and it seems to me that it is hardly
worth a contest on the other side, as it is known
there is a deficiency bill, which is the first thing
to be acted on in the House, and which will soon
come into us, to which maybe attached any pro-
vision that the Senate may think proper to attach
in order to provide an appropriation of more
money within the present fiscal year. This bill
does not propose to appropriate anything but for
the next fiscal year. Now I say, that it is proba-
ble the Senate will be able to obtain action on the
works provided for in this bill quite as soon in
the general fortification bill, as it would if this
bill were passed at the present time. It is known
that the Senate have determined that their Com-
mittee on Finance shall originate and report some
of the general appropriation bills. It will be in
our power, if we think there is any necessity for
it, to give the fortification bill an earlier consider-
ation than is usual m the Senate. At any rate, we
shall be able to consider it long before the time
mentioned by the honorable Senator from Florida,
[Mr. Yulee.J His remark applies to the old
practice, but it will not apply, I hope, to the new.
I therefore think it would be better to recommit
this bill to the Committee on Military Affairs,
with instructions to bring in a bill making appro-
priations for such new works as they may think
proper, and let the old ones go in the general ap-
propriation bill for foitifications, as has been usual
heretofore. I do not think it would delay the
object of gentlemen a day, if they would agree
to this; and we should thus be enabled to pre-
serve the consistency of our rules and former
practice. I hope the) will agree to that.
