1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1243
reference to daims against the Government. It
is true this powrr is liable to abuse; but so is
every power, no matter where it may be vested;
and, in uvtiy ease, it is for the party possessing
the power to guard against its abuse. Every
attempt to avoid abuse by transferring a power
from those to whom it rightfully and necessarily
belongs, will be found to occasion abuses tenfold
greater than those it was intended to avoid. The
heart may be disordered and perform its func-
tions imdly, butthere is no iiope of improvement
l>y transferrins; its functions to the lungs. It must
itself be cured, or the disease remains.
The opinion of the judges cited by the gentle-
man from Alabama (:l Dallas, 410) is entirely
confirmatory of the position I have taken. It is
as follows:
£< That, by the Constitution, the Government thereof is
divided into lliiee distinct and independent branches ; and
that it is the duty of each to abstain Irom and to oppose
encioachment- on uther.
"Th,it neither the legislative nor the executive branch
can coxu-liiuiioiially a^ign to the judicial any duties but
such a- m e pioperiy judicial, and to be pet formed in a judi-
cial power.
'• 'J'licit 1 lie (tunes aligned to the circuit courts by this act
aie not ot th.it dec-cnptjon. and that the act itself does not
appear to contemplate them a* such, inasmuch a<« it sub-
jects the doci>ions> of these courts, made pui.^uant to those
duties, tiist to the consideration and suspension of the Sec-
retary of War, and then to ihe revision of the Le«i>lanne;
wheieas, bythe Constitution, neither tne Secretary of War,
nor any other executive officer, nor even the Leolatuie,
aie authonzed to Mt as a court of eirors on the judicial acts
or opinions of this court.-5
The judges deny the right of Congress to assign
to them dutie-s very similar to those assigned to
the Court of Claims, on the. very ground that they
are not judicial duties v, ithin the judicial power
vested in the courts of the United States; and
therefore Congress has no right to require the
judges to perform them. Some of the judges,
however, express their willingness to perform
them as commissioners, out of a spirit of accom-
modation, but not as a matter of official obliga-
tion. The judges acted on the very piinciple I
maintain.
The case of Kendall vs. the United Staler, cited
by the gentleman from Alabama from 10th
Peters, is in enure harmony with the \iews 1
have expressed. The syllabus 'of that case, as
given by Judge Curtis, is as follows:
" The circuit court of the Distinct of Columbia ha«f juris-
diction to i?-ne a writ of mandamu? to the Postmaster
Genera!, to compel him to do a merely ministerial act.
which the relator has a complete right, under on act ol
Congress, to have done by him, and as to which lie has no
discretion.55
This case turned upon the construction of an
act of Conjrn «s of Od July, 1H36, for the relief
of Stockton & Stokes. It was possed to adjust
and settle certain claims for oxtro sfrvi-es as
contractors for carrying the mail. These claims
were, of eoorse, 'pon the United States throucrh
the Postmaster G.-ueral. The real part.es ty the
dispute were, therefor' , th-' relators and the
United StaUs. The Unned vStaus cuukl not, of
course, bo sued, or the claims in any way enforced
against the United States, without their eons* at,
obtained through an act of Congress, by which
thev consented to submit those claims to the
Solicitor of the Treasury, to inquire into and
determine the equity of the claims, and to make
such allowance therefor as, upon a full examin-
ation of all the evidence, should sscra r.ghu
according to the principles of equity; and the
act directs the Postmaster General to credit the
relators with whatever sum, if &ny, the solicitor
shall decide to be due to them,for, or on account
of, any such service or contract. i
Speaking of the act of Congress under consid-
eration in that case, the court says, page (ill:
" Under tin< law. the Postmaster General is vested with
no di^cietion oi control over rhe do t onsof th" -oheitor,
nor any appeal or review of that decision piov,dt-d foi by
the act. "Tiie terms of the r-aibim-'-uon was a matter resting
eatudy in the discretion of Consres-?. and if they thought
prop' i to \<M Mieh a power in any one, and especially as
the aihi'iator was an officer of the Government, it did not
pm with the ro--tma:fer General to conttol Congress or tiie
soijcjtor in that ailai*. )t i* unnee<\^ury to say how tar
Con-ae-* mi<rht have snteitered. by legislation, aft<u* the ic-
poitut the M.'ieitoi. But if there was no fiaud or mi-con-
duct in the a'b'tiator. of winch none n pretended or sug-
g"e n d, it w.i\ u eli he que -tinned whether the reintois had
not ncquni'd <ueli a vested liiiht a^ to be beyond the power
of (,on'_rre-?s to d pnve them of it. But, *o far from Con-
gress • attempting to deptivc the relator4- of the benefit of the
nwa:vl. they may he considered as impliedly sanctioning
and approving of the decisions of the bolicitor.,?
The court says further:
"Under this law the Postmaster General is vested with
no discretion or control over the decision of the solicitoi :
nor is any appeal or review of that decision provided for by
that act." J
It says further, page 612:
ki tf Congrecs hud intended to review the decision of the
solicitor, tiie Postmaster General would not ha\e been
directed to make the payment without the lntei vention or
further action of Congress.''
It is a common error, in matters of this kind, to
suppose that, where an individual would be tech-
nically or legally bound, the Government is also
bound in the same maimer. Put the law does not
regard the Government as bound in the same
manner as individuals; even technically the same
rules do not apply to Government. The Gov-
ernment is bound by all the laws of justice, good
faith, and honor, but a meie technical binding
beyond these, or subjection to mere technical
; rules and processes applicable to private persons,
does not exist for any Government. The obli-
gations of good faith are binding on the Govern-
! ment in cases where there would be no technical
liability between individuals; but its regard for
technical rules m the ascertainment of its obliga-
tions is discretionary. The opinion of such a
tribunal as the Court of Claims ought to have great
weight; but there may be cases m which the court
would be compelled by a technical necessity to
give an opinion which Congress would not feel
bound to carry into effect. For instance, in the
case of the printer to the last House of Represent-
atives. A resolution passed by that House, in-
tended merely to make a properacknowled^nicnt
for the faithfulness and diligence with which the 1
officers of the House, who tveened hxed salaries
for peisonal services, had diseharizedtheirdntics,
was so cart, les.^lv drawn as to meiud.'the printer.
The words (if the resolution w< re g'-in r<u, and
no exception w<^ mad. uf tiie printer. In f<e t.
no one thought of him; .uthou^h evry one who
was a member of that lloust. knows that the bare
suspicion that the printer wa«? mcuided would
have prevented that resulMion from receiving a
single vote. Tne court, however, did not feel
itself authorized to exclude, by construction, one
who was an officer of the Hoii?e, and therefore
within the terms of the resolution. Here is a
case in which wo have not only the right, but
the duty, in my opinion, to refuse to eany into
effect the opinion of the Court of Claims. The
printer is so totally outside of the reasons and
purposes of the resolution, that, if we should pay
linn, 1 see no ground on which w could refuse
to pass similar lesolutions giving additional com-
pensation to the contiactors ior furnishing sup-
plies to the Army and Navy, Ac. It may be the
fault of the House thai tho ri solution was so care-
lessly worded; still, as it was not passed m fulfili-
iyk nt of any contract or obligation, express or
implied, legal or moral, but was entirely a matter
of giacc ami favor. I hold that we luiv-. notmerely
th^ right, but the duty, to prevent it from being
applied to the primer. In other cases arising under !
contracts or obligations of any Kind, if would be J
with extreme reluctance that 1 should \ oto against :
the opinion of the Court of Claims. I Ivlicve '
such a court to be absolutely necessary for the 1
properconduct of the business ufthe Government; i
ana although it cannot, and ought not to have,the ,
character of a court whose decisions would con-
trol the action of the different departments of the ,
Government, yet I think we are bound by every 1
consideration of justice and true policy to give the ■
court our hearty and efficient cooperation, and to ;
refuse to carry its opinions into effect only in i
cases like that of the printer, where the court may :
be compelled by our own carelessness to pro-!
nounce an opinion in favor of one who has really j
no claim, and is entitled to no favor; or where, 1
perhaps, some settled principle of public policy :
would'point out a different course of action from ■
that indicated by the opinion of the court founded j
on technical mles. _ I
1 have offered here two propositions, which .
have been acceded to by my colleague, [Mr. .
Jo>r£s.] I hope the House will pass upon tnem, 1
as they will facilitate the transaction^' the bust-,
ness of this court. The first resolution provides 1
that all reports and bills from the Court of Chums
shall be referred by the Clerk of the House to :
the Committee of Churns, without any further!
action of the House, so as to prevent tiie nece&- 1
sity of taking a vote on every single bill. The
second resolution provides that it shall be in or-
der for the Committee of Claims to report each
Friday, with reference to the bills from the Court
of Churns, so that they may be placed upon the
Private Calendar. These resolutions are at the
Clerk's desk. I move their adoption, and ask
1 for the pievious question.
ts The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
;; when the gentleman's resolutions were presented,
they were objected toby the gentleman from North
Carolina. They proposed a change of the rules,
i and were decided to be out of order.
! ENROLLED BILL.
■ i ^Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
-I Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee had
, examined and found truly enrolled a bill, entitled:
_ An act granting public lands in alternate sec-
! tions to the States of' Florida and Alabama, to
, aid in the construction of certain railroads in said
States.
When the Speaker signed the same.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr.DAVIDSON. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
THE COURT OF CLAIMS—AGAIN.
Mr. I^ITCHIE. I call the pre\ious question
on the pending business; and I do so for the pur-
pose of bringing the attention of the House to the
facf, thai bills from the Court of Claims have been
rapidly accumulating, and imperatively demand
action on the part of this House. But I do not
] wish to prevent any gentleman who may desire
; it, from expressing his views on this rpiestion.
; Air. WARN Ell. I ask the gentleman to with-
| draw the call for the previous question. I wish '
■ to speak to the question.
Mr. IHTCIIIE. I withdraw the call, then. I
, hope it will be renewed. Before I take my scat,
i I would inquire what is the condition of the ques«
] tio .
The SPEAKER. The first motion is, to refer
I the bills to a Committee of the Whole House on
! the Private Calendar. If that be voted down, the
j question will then recur on the motion of the
I gentleman from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Joxes,] that
j tiie bills from the Court of Claims be referred to
rthe Committee of Claims. The resolutions of
. the gentleman proposed a change of the rules of
1 the House, and were not entertained, the gentle-
; man from North Carolina having objected to them,
j They are not now within the power of the House.
1 Mr. WALKER. I ask the gentleman from
] Georgia to vield me the floor for a few moments ?
, Mr. WARNER. I will yield to the gentleman.
| I hope, however, he will not make any extended
! remarks.
j Mr. WALKER. I will not. Mr. Speaker,
j I have no desiie to prolong this discussion. Per-
' hans, in the argument I addressed to the House
I some weeks since, I then trespassed too much
j on its time and attention. In again asking its
j attention. I do so only for a moment, and merely
! to direct the minds of members to the authorities
| cited by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to
| whom we have just listened. It will be remem-
; bored that, m that portion of his argument where
) lie discussed the inability of any one to make the
! United States a party defendant, he not only
! favored us with hisown viewsas to constitutional
j inhibition, but also referred toa paragraph in the
| third volumeofStory'sCommentancsonthe Con-
' stitution. Now, to show that the opinion of that
eminent jurist stands directly m opposition to the
views pronounced by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, I ask attention to the following extract
from the sarrfe authority:
a It has been sometimes thought that this is a serious
detect ni the otgamz.uion oHhc judicial department of the
National Government. It i- not. however, an objection to
the Con^titutKin iw-Ji: but it lies n at all. against Congress
fur not having provided i it is clearly w itlnu Their constitu-
tional nutnority to dean adequate imnedy for oil private
grieumee- of this sort m the Consjrc^ of the United States,
lit tin- iexpect there i.-a maiked contrast between the actual
ri2tu <md pracnee of rcdief-s m tin* Xauonai Government, as
wvil <is in i o«to«' theSute government*, and the right and
practice maintained under the Ihm^h Constitution. In Eng-
land, if am per-en ha*,ni pomt ol property, a just demand
upon ttic Knur, he may petition him in In-' oooit of ehan-
ceiy. (hy what is called anetition of right.) where tiie chan-
cellor will administer ri^ht, theoretically, as. a matter of
grace, and not upon compulsion; but in fact, as a matter of
constitutional duty. No such judicial proceeding is recog-
