508
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GliQBE.
[May I,
34th Gong....1st Sess.
jVaua/ Retiring Botird>—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
all, unless that power was expressly put in. They
refused to entertain the bill at all, unless ft distinc-
tion should be made between such gentlemen as
those tii whom the honorable Senator has referred*
who are covered over with scars received in pro-
tecting the honor of the country, and persons who
have never rendered any service to it whatever.
Mr. TOOMBS. Do I understand the honor-
able chairman to say that they did, or did not, in
the Senate bill which passed here, intend to include
in these lists' of honor the infdmouS in the Navy ?
Mr. MALLORY. I presume not.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think there can be no douht
of it; the history of the bill, which is a partof the
records of the country, conclusively demonstrates
it. Such being the legitimate construction, and
the admitted intention of the original bill as re-
ported to, and passed by, the Senate, I will now
proceed to show that the jurisdiction ot the board
was not in anywise enlarged, or* indeed, in any
way altered, by the House of Representatives;
that while there Was a different disposition made
of someoftheincopables, there Was no new ground
of incapacity inserted by the House.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the honorable Sena-
tor allow me to extend my remark one sentence
further?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly; I wish to get At the
tru,th; nothing else.
Mr. MALLORY. What I wish to say is sim-
ply this: That in framing either bill which was
presented to the House by the committee, the
committee never lost sight of the important fact
that the responsibility of dropping, or removing,
or furloughing, or retiring officers, Was in the
Executive. It was never the design of the com-
mittee to remove that responsibility from him to
any extent whatever. It was supposed that, when
he came to that act, he would apply-a proper dis-
crimination between the two classes to which the
honorable Senator has referred.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand the Senator to
admit the precise point, the truth of which I am
eeokiti£. It is apparent from the record, but I
desired the admission in order not to fatigue the
Senate, by going through with the record proof
now before me. But the Senator is mistaken in
Supposing that he reserved any power by his
bill to the President over the "dropping," " re-
moving," "furloughing," or retiring, provided
for in the act, or that the President could, by the
act, transfer any case from one roll to the other;
but whether that is true or not, both rolls were
rolls of honor, and neither was the appropriate
place for the infamous. The question is not
who were to place them there, but it is, had they
a right to be placed there by any authority what-
ever ?
Let us return again, after this interruption, to
the action of the House. I have affirmed that
the House did not enlarge the jurisdiction. The
first section of the bill alone fixes the jurisdiction
of the board. "the House amended that section
by inserting, after the word "afloat," the fol-
lowing words:
" And whenever said board shall believe that «ttt> in-
competency li;is arisen from any ca#se implying sufficient
bkuae on tije part of the officer to justify it, they shall rec-
ommend that hid name be stricken altogether from the
rolla."
This amendment confines the investigation to
said incompetency; that is, the same inc5mpe-
tency contained in the previous sentence, and the
same which had been described and inserted by
the Senate; and therefore the House left the ju-
risdiction precisely where the Senate put it, with-
out enlargement or curtailment. The House
wisely decided that incapacity to perform duty
promptly and efficiently^ whether mental, phys-
ical, or professional, might arise from different
causes, and deserve far different treatment; phys-
ical incapacity might arise from wounds received
in the heroic defense of the country; it might
.arise from the mere decay of nature; it might arise
from vicious and profligate habits. Mental inca-
pacity might also result from injuries received in
battle; from the mere act of God; or may be the
result of vicious habits. Professional incapacity
may result from want of opportunity, want of
natural aptitude to the profession, or to skulking
indojpnee. All these classes of incapacity sub-
mitted to the board, ought justly to receive dif-
ferent treatment from the country. The House
provided for treating each one according to the
nature of such incapacity—nothing more. Thus
the Senate will perceive that the construction
which I put upon this act is consistent with the
soundest rules of judicial interpretation; consist-
ent with the avowed purposes^ of the Secretary
of the Navy, and of the Naval Committee; con-
sistent with the will of the Legislature, as ex-
pressed not only in the act, but in the parliament-
ary history of this legislation; consistent with
the laws for the well-government of the Navy;
consistent with those great principles of consti-
tutional right and public liberty in which we live,
and move, and have out political being.
What dire necessity demands of us the sacrifice
of these inestimable safeguards? What great
boon tempts us to betray them ? The only neces-
sity, the only temptation, which besets us, is, that
a few dozen importunate naval officers, who are
better known from their constant clamors and
intrigues for promotion, than for any service they
have ever done the country, may be promoted at
the expense of (in many cases) better men than
themselves. Reform in-the Navy has been the
pretext; promotion the only object which has
been achieved. If my construction of this act
be right, Cdngress, gave no criminal jurisdiction
! to this board; and in exercising such jurisdiction
! they have transcended the aet, and violated the
most sacred principles of the Constitution and
laws. Have this board exercised criminal juris-
diction?
i The board have boldly claimed the right to en-
shroud in mystery, to conceal from the victims of
their perfidious injustice, the grounds upon which
their judgments were given. This concealment
renders their judgments void. But their victims
are here,-and demand to know the causes of
their condemnation, and demand to be heard on
pny criminal accusation against them. The Presi-
' dent turns them off with the declaration that he
does not know for what they have been tried or
condemned. The Secretary tells them he is in
the same blessed ignorance. He had told the
board that they had criminal jurisdiction, in his
instructions to them; and now, in answer to all
demands for justice or a hearing, the Secretary
answers, I know not, but such is the law. I have
already endeavored to show that such is not the
law. The injured parties apply to the board
! for a knowledge of their offenses; the board
refers them to the President, and he does not
know. The president of the board has responded
tp the Naval Committee, and answered the fol-
lowing interrogatory:
" Qu^ry 1. The general principles which governed this
board in reserving and dropping officers, and in classifying
them as retired or furloughed."
This question called for such an answer as
! might have thrown a flood of light on the sub-
ject; but the answer gives but one dim' ray as to
| the principles, the causes of removal from the ser-
vice. The captain says:
" The principle which governed the board in this most
painful part of its duty was to relieve the Register Of all those
whose course had been such as to leave no expectation of
fUture usefulness, and who had forfeited their claims to the
fostering care of the Government."
This declaration is nothing short of the usurp-
ation of universal jurisdiction in all cases what-
soever; it is a bold assertion of the right to take
the list of seven hundred and twelve officers, and
1 put of it to make a Navy to suit themselves. It
i is against this usurpation that I demand redress
| for these officers. 1 demand a trial, a hearing
before their peers, according to the laws of the
land, against these j udicial assassinations of brave i
and honorable men's reputations by this board.
Why shall they not have it?
For this demand of these officers, the Senator
from Delaware [Mr. Clayton] denounces them
as a "privileged class, the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Biccs] yesterday reiterated the ]
same allegation. These Senators meant it for a 1
reproach; they meant thereby to prejudice the
just demands of these injured men. But still the
allegation is true: they do belong to a privileged 1
.class—a privileged class from which Senators are
vamly endeavoring to drive them. They do be- .
long to that great privileged class of American •
, frsemen who claim Magna Chart*; who claim a ;
Cublic and open trial upon a certain accusation,
efore accuser and witnesses, and before impar-
tial judges, by their peers, and according to the
laws of the land, as their birthright—a birth-
right founded in natural justice, won by the valor
and blood of patriots, and planted by the wisdom
of patriots in the organic law of their country.
They would be unworthy to defend the flag of
that country, if they were to submit in silence to
this outrage upon their own rights and the public
security. Some of these memorialists have spent
their lives in the service of this country; some of
them have shed their blood for it—aided to win
for it an honorable name among the nations of
the earth: do such men demand too much in
asking the ordinary legal securities to protect
their good names from unjust reproach—perhaps
to wipe dishonor from a patriot's sepulchre? Sen-
ators, they do not. In what age or country will
you find a parallel to this enormity ? Its friends
seem to court for it the appellation of a " star-
chamber proceeding." They are right, but the
star-chamber would be disgraced by the associa-
tion: that infamous tribunal disclosed the charge
and the judgment; this only the sentence. Even
the Inquisition would suffer by a comparison with
this tribunal considered as a criminal court; when
it turned over its victim to the civil authority for
the stake or the rack, it sent with him the accu-
sation and the judgment.
The Secretary of the Navy has hunted for pre-
cedents to sustain this proceeding; he can find
none. He attempts to analogize it to the reduction
of the Army in 1815—to the reduction of the ma-
rine corps in 1848; he can find nothing but con-
trasts in our history, where he looks for analogies.
When we came out of the war with England in
1815, and out of , the war with Mexico in 1848,
we found our military and naval establishments
too large for a peace establishment; the public
interest required a reduction of men and officers;
in both cases we adopted a plan perfectly con-
sistent with thq honor, the patriotism, and the
capacity of every man in both arms of the military
service; we directed the President to retain as
many officers as the country needed, and to dis-
band the-remainder with the thanks,the bounty,
and the gratitude, of a grateful country. We
brought no pang of wounded honor to a single
bosom; we erected no secret tribunal to assas-
sinate the characters of the nation's defenders; we
tried no man for crimes, with or without a hear-
ing-
The Committee on Naval Affairs seem to have
been on the same fruitless errand with the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and with the same success.
They have found the same precedents, to which
I return the Same answer: the search is fruitless;
"none but itself can be its parallel." No slave
can be tried before the courts of any of the States
in secret, without an accusation, without a hear-
ing, without the right of confronting his wit-
nesses; and is entitled to be tried by good and
lawful men,according to the laws of the land.
Not only have these memorialists been deprived
of the rights of freemen, but even of these rights
of slaves.
The " principles," as the president of the board
oddly enough calls them—in fact, the mode in
which this criminal jurisdiction was exercised,
was as reprehensible as the usurpation of the
power itself. It seems, from this account, that
those who had the right to pass upon any par-
ticular grade, '' carefully examined the Register,' and
made a " list" of all those " against whom, to his
knewledge or belief, any charge of inefficiency,
from any cause, could be brought." This process
fully explains the expedition of which my col-
league so justly and eloquently complains. Each
marked his own victims, and the thing was done.
What need had they of time ? It could not be to
investigate truth, for they neither sought nor em-
ployed the means sanctioned by mankind for its
attainment; therefore, so far from being aston-
ished that the board sat no longer than thirty-odd
days, I wonder that they needed so many hours,
from this admission of the "principles" upon
which they acted.
But we are not wanting in other evidence that
this board did assume and exercise secret crimi-
nal jurisdiction. The Secretary of the Navy in-
structs the board to exercisc it, and now defends
