21 IS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 14,
discover, to surrender these lands, held by the
War Department as reservations, in the State of
Florida, to the public land fund. This amendment
simply takes such reservations as thf War De-
partment does not want for public purposes—the
State of Florida is shingled over with them—and
turns them over as public lands to the Department
of the Interior. AU the interests of the Govern-
ment are entirely saved.
Mr. YULEE. I think the nature of this amend-
ment is not understood"; and, if the honorable
Senator from Michigan will give me his attention
for a moment, i can perhaps put it in a different
lightfrom thatin which it has struck him. During
the pendency of the Seminole hostilities in Florida,
temporary posts were established through the
hostile district, and the commanding- officers, m
order to keep off whisky sellers and peisons who
were disposed to traffic witii the soldiers, and
maintain perfect discipline, procured from the
President a suspension fiotn sale of large tracts
of country, in some instances twenty-four miles
in extent, embracing several townships of land.
They were merely temporary and floating posts,
which are not now maintained, and were never
intended to be, but were simply occupied for tem-
porary purposes. The sales of those lands were
suspended during the military occupation. Since
then, the Department of War have given notice
to the Secretary of the Interior that they have no
further occasiou for them, and have done all they
can to release their hold on thetu. The construc-
tion which is given to the existing legislation by
the Interior Department, prevents their being
brought into market as part of the public domain,
under the general laws applicable in those rases,
until this proposed legislation shall have taken
place.
Mr. CASS. I do not know but that it is so.
The provision of the law is, that sites reserved for
military purposes, and not needed for them in the
opinion of the Secretary of War, may be sold. .
There is a second law on the subject, I think, 111 i
a recent appropriation bill. I know that land j
reserved at Detroit was sold by the authority of i
the War Department a few years ago.
Mr. YULEE. That is not the case here, hi
that case, the sale would be m accordance with
the general system of the sale of public lands. It
would not derange titles.
Mr. JV1ALLORY. The Committee on Public
Lands have examined this whole question.
Mr. IjENJAMIN. Tins ik a renewal of a
proposition which has been presented to us before
at this session.
Mr. MALLOHY. No, mi.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is in fact the same thing,
it involves this proposition, thai hind which has
been once reserved forth'1 use of the Government
may, at the discretion of an executive officer, be
bt ought mto the mass of public lands for sale or
entry. When we had thin sublet up before, jt
appealed to be the universal impression ihut,
when land had be« n once appiopriali d for ("«ov-
erummt purposes, and was no longer required for
fhose purposes, a leport ou<rht to be made to
Congress, and let Congress determine whether
Ihev want these lands on a reserve.
Mr. YULEE. Allow mo 
Air. JjENJAMlN. The Senator from Florida
wiil e\'ru*e me for a moment, f understand per-
f"dlv well this nropoMtion has leferenee to the
reservations in Florida.
Air. A h LFE 1 wish 'o eorreot tin' Senatorin
the facts. 1 was .going to \,iv, ihe Department
hns done precisely what flie Senator Kiu^ested.
They have usked that this uuthoiif y should he
given; and the nmeimmeut is to apply to Klonda
particularly—a special class of cases.
i\f r. UE.S'JA M IN. I ask to have it read again.
Air. lltJNTEl*. I suggest that this is legisla-
tion, find ouaht not to be udded to an appropria-
tion bill. Certainly it ou^lit to be piowded for
in sepamie biM. It i^ an nnpostanl matter.
All'. DEN.TAM FN. I will hear the amendment
again.
The amendment was read.
Mr. STUART. It seems to me no Senator
will object to this proposition when it is under-
s'ood. _Yery large amounts of land in the State
of Florida weie withdiawn from sale, and put
under thecontio! of the War Department as mil-
itary reservations. Thev Imvt not been needed
for that purpose for year*. The effect of this
amendment is simply to transfer them to the con-
trol of the Interior jDepartment, with the consent
of the Secretary of War first had and obtained.
If they are transferred there, according to the
amendment, it will be obligatory on the Depart-
ment to put them up at public auction, like all
other unoffered public lands, in the first place, and
after that they will be subject to private entry.
It simply provides that sucn lands in the State of
Florida as the Secretary of War does not want,
and shall certify his opinion that he does not need,
shall be placed, where they ought to be, under
the control of the Interior Department, and sub-
ject to the general land laws of the country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall make no further
objection to the passage of this amendment, be-
cause both the Senators from Florida seem to be
satisfied with it; but I do not yield to the argument
that, because the Secretary of War may not re-
quire the further service of land which has been
reserved for military purposes, therefore at his
discretion it is to be returned to the public domain
for sale. It may be wanted by some other De-
partment for some other public service; and for
that reason I have always insisted that, when land
once reserved for public purposes was to be re-
turned to the public domain tor disposition, that
fact should be made known by a communication
to Congress, in order that the Representatives and
Senators of those States where the lands he should
have an opportunity of saying whether they were
wanted for other public purposes or ought to be
sold now. Both the Senators from Florida are
satisfied that all the military reservations in their
State arc not required for public purposes, and,
therefore, ought to be sold. I have no objection,
then, to the amendment, as it is confined to that
one State.
Mr. YULEE. I will state a single case as an
illustration, m order that the Senate may under-
stand the matter distinctly.
Several Senators. We understand it.
Mr. YULEE. I am willing to yield, if the
amendment is understood.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I wish to move to
amend the amendment by inserting " Iowa "
after "Florida." There is a large quantity of
land — four townships — opposite to Prairie du
Chien, reserved for the use of Fort Crawford,
when Wisconsin was a Territory. This land is
j cut off from the State of Wisconsin entirely, and
! is of no use for the fort. The Secretary of War
1 wants it to be sold.
! Mr. STUART. Having examined this ques-
! tion, I hope that will not be done. There is a
: different state of circumstances altogether in
Iowa.
1 Air JONES, of Iowa. I will not offer it, un-
' less the Senator from Florida agrees to it.
Mr. MAT.LORY. J hope it will not be offered.
1 Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I withdiaw it.
, Mr. HOUSTON. 1 really think this is a matter
of legislation which ought not to be attached to
an appropriation bill. I do not say it is not le-
| gitimat'-, but T say this matter is not properly
apprehended by Congress; and their is such a
1 diversity of opinion on the subject that it ought
; to bo fairly discussed and fully understood. It
i is sprung on us now, and we are unprepared to
, act on it. I think it can lie over for another ses-
| sion without detriment. The winter will mter-
■ vene, and but very few settlers will go there.
The amendment was agreed to.
i Mr. WELLER. I desire to offer the following
amendment as an additional section. It comes
fiom the Committee on Military Affairs:
.hal be it fin/hor pi>a<te<f, That the Scrretaiy of War is
lierebv an thou ml and du <'<ned to p;iy to th" holder'" of the
war bond;* of California the amount of monev appropriated
hy an aet ot <,'oii<*ie«>s, approved August :>, iiVj-l, in payment
<>t '• evpenun.uncd.ami now actually paid, by Tiio State
oi CnhiornM m (lie M}ppie.N<K>ii of Indian ho-tiltue*. within
the >aul State, pnoi to the Kt day ot January, A. D. itfa-J ,5
io wit. the stun of 6a, under the lollowing lestric-
tionj- and le^nlution^*
Any and ail of said bond?, prioi to their icdempfion hy
the Seeh'taiv ot War, s-hall be pie.-emed hy the hoideis
thereof" to the < oinmu-Moneis appointed by the State ot
California, under an act of the Legislature of caid State,
entitled "An act concernui^ the war debt of tins State, and
piovulmg foi the redemption iheieot,'5 approved Apnl 19,
t8."«tf, who shall compete the amount due upon each bond
on the :20th day of !)(jeembei. and indole rhereon the
amount s-o round hy them to be due; they s-Jiall aKo certify,
' by then indorsement on each bond, its jrermincness.
ITpon pte^entarion to the Secietaiy of War of any bond
oj bonds thus indorsed, it shall be his duty to draw ins war-
; imMn Javorof the holder or holders thereof, tor the amount
indorsed thereon as due by said commissioners, upon the
Secretary of the Treasury, who is hereby directed to iu«v
the same: Provided, That said payments shall not, in ths
aggregate, exceed the amount of money appropriated by
act of Congress, approved August 5, 18o4.
Said bonds, after the payments as above set forth shall
have been made, shall be returned by the Secretary of War
to said commissioners, who shall receipt to him for the
same.
Mr. HUNTER. This is the same provision
which was passed the other day as a private bill.
All 1 want is, that there shall be a vote on it. If
we are to put such a matter as this on an appro-
priation bill, we shall have a great deal of legis-
lation before we adjourn. It has had its chance.
It has passed here as a separate bill, and gone to
I the House, and is now pending there. It seema
' to me that this is enough for us to do for these
claimants. They have no right to be put on a
general appropriation bill.
Mr. WELLER. I suppose the Senate are
already acquainted with the facts connected with
this case. This bill was passed by the Senate
about two weeks ago, and has been laid on the
table in the House of Representatives for want
of information on the subject. I have seen some
members since it was laid on the table, who voted
under a total misapprehension of what it pro-
posed. They supposed it was a reappropriation
or an additional appropriation from the Federal
Treasury. There certainly could be no objection
to provide the proper means of getting out of the
Treasury that which has already been appropri-
ated, and has been lying in the Federal Treasury
since 1854. It requires two thirds to get up that
bill again. I a?n satisfied that a majority of the
House are in favor of it. I desire to put it on
this bill in order that it may be within the power
of that majority to act on it.
Mr. PUG-H. Is it a bill to pay a private claim
or the State of California?
Mr. WELLER, The State of California, of
course.
Mr. HUNTER. Creditors of the State of Cal-
ifornia.
Mr. PUGH. XJnder an arrangement between
the creditors and the State?
Mr. WELLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think
my friend fiom Virginiacan make his case good.
This cannot be brought under the head of private
claims. It is for carrying outan act of Congioss;
and he admitted some weeks ago that, if an amend-
ment was to execute an act of Congress, it was
not a private claim. The money was appropri-
ated years ago, and this provision is but to exe-
cute the contiact and carry out the law of Con-
gress. It cannot be made out to be a private
claim.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not raise a question of
order, that this was a private claim. I do not
think it comes under that head, but it is to ap-
propriate money for the claimants of California—
individuals who are claimants; and it ought to be
| a matter of separate legislation, and not put on
an appropriation bill. Therefore, I said I should
like to have a distinct vote of the Senate, that we
may know whether this kind of legislation shall
be placed on the bill or not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Congress of the Uni-
ted States appropriated the money to pay the
California war debt, and directed its payment to
the State of California on vouchers. Those who
advanced the money for the war debt have the
bonds. They were unwilling that the money
should go over to California to be there distrib-
uted, hut wanted it in the Treasury. The State
of California has agreed to that, and has sent
commissioners heie to collect the bonds, so that
the bondholders may get their money directly
from our Treasury here. This amendment merely
provided authority to the Secretary of War to
pay to the bondholders, on the indorsement of
the California commissioners, the appropriation
ahcady made. The bonds issued by the State
of California are bearing interest; and it will bo
a heavy loss to that State if these obligations of
hers continue to run on, bearing interest, when
the money is lying idle in the Treasury here to
pay the debt. The object is to cutoff the interest
wluch the State of California is now obliged to
pay. I cannot see an imaginable objection to the
amendment as it now stands.
Mr. SEWARD. I am inclined to think this
amendment ought to be adopted; but I am quite
