1244
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
Hized as existing in any State of this Union, as matter of
constitutional right, to enforce any claim or debt against a
State. In the few cases m which it exists it is matter of
legislative enactment. Congress have never yet acted on
the subject, so as to give judicial redress for any non-ful-
fillment of contracts by the National Government. Cases
of the most cruel hardship and intolerable delay have
already occurred, in which meritouous creditors have been
reduced to grievous suffering, and sometimes to absolute
ruin, by the ta#hness of a justice which has been yielded
only alter the humble supplications of many years before
the Legislature. One can scarcely refrain from uniting in
the suggestion of a learned commentator, that in this regard
the constitutions both of the National and State Govern-
ments stand m need of ?ome reform to quioken the legisla-
tive action m the administration of justice, and that some
mode ought to be provided by which a pecuniary light
against a State, or against the United States, might be
ascertained, and established by the judicial sentence of
some court; and when so ascertained and established the
payment might be enforced fiom the pubhc Treasury by an
absolute appropriation. Suiely it can afford no pleasant
•source of reflection to an Ameucan citizen, pioud of his
rights and privileges, that in a monarchy the judiciary is
clothed with ample powers to give redress to the humblest
subject in a matter of private contract or property against
the Crown; and that 111 a republic there is an utter denial
of justice in such cases to any citizen through the instru-
mentality of any judicial proems. Tie may complain; but
he cannot compel a hearing. The repubhe enjoys a des-
potic sovereignty to act, 01 refuse, as it may please; and is
placed beyond the reach of law. The monarch bows to
the law, arid is compelled to yield his preiogative at the
footstool of justice.
When we turn to tliat clause of the Constitution
which provides for the judiciary, we find that it
is declared that the judicial power shall fee vested
in one supreme and such inferior courts as Con-
gress shall from time to time ordain and establish.
Taking the language of that provision of our Con-
stitution, with the commentaries made on it by-
jurists, it seems to xne this matter is beyond con-
troversy.
Mr. READY. I perceive that the gentleman
from Alabama has fallen into an error as to the
language of the Constitution. He fell into the
sameerrorin his argument made some weeks ago.
I call his attention to it now, because he seems to
lay much stress on the quotation which he makes.
He quotes the Constitution that the judicial power
of the United States shall be vested in one supreme
and such inferior courts as Congress shall from
time to time ordain and establish. The word shall
is not in the original ; it is may—that Congress
may from timo to tune, &c.
Mr. WALKER. I take it for granted that
every legal mind of this House—even that of my
friend from Tennessee, which is momentarily
blind—holds that the word may, according to all
judicial' constructions, means shall. It lias been
so held by the eminent jurist from whose com-
mentaries I have read, tic argues the case on
the assumption that the word may was used in an
imperative sense. He holds that it was designed
to be so; that the Constituiion left the creation of
these inferior courts, not to the caprice of Con-
gress, but as an injunction 011 it. He construes
the words to mean " shall ordain and establish.
I will not take any more time from my friend
from Georgia.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found correctly enrolled a bill entitled "An
act to provide for at least two election precincts in
each ward in the city of Washington;"
When the Speaker signed the same.
COURT OF CLAIMS—AGAIN.
Mr. WARNER. Mr. Speaker, this question
becomcs important, as it involves a construction
of the statute creating the Court of Claims.
There is no question, in my judgment, that has
been submitted to the present House of Repre-
sentatives more important in its consequences
than the construction of this statute. It is im-
portant, not only as it regards the rights of claim-
ants, hut it is still more important as it regards
the interests of the United States; and I must
confess that I have been surprised that those gen-
tlemen on this floor who are supposed to be the
most watchful guardians of the Treasury should
have indicated an intention to give such a con-
struction to this statute as, in my judgment, will
cripple and destroy its utility, liavc you ever
known a tribunal established by any govern-
ment in this country, either State or national, for
the purpose of investigating and deciding claims
against that government that was ever found lean-
ing against the interests of that government? I
never have. If such tribunals lean at all, they
usually will be found fo lean in favor of the gov-
ernment from which they derive their power and
authority; and it is for that very reason that I
am anxious to maintain the jurisdiction and the
authority of this court, in order that it may effi-
ciently protect the public Treasury of the nation.
In all well-regulated governments the judicial
and legislative departments of that government
are kept separate and distinct. This is in accord-
ance with fundamental principles, and it is in
accordance with the theory of your own Consti-
tution. Perhaps it may not be unprofitable to call
the attention of the House to the observation of
1 an elementary writer upon this subject, in speak-
ing of the different departments of Government.
1 read from the first of Blackstone's Commentaries.
He says:
Tn thi« distinct and separate evisience of the judicial
power in a peculiar body of men, nominated, indeed, but
notiemovablc at pleasure, by the Crown, consists one of the
, mam preservatives of the public liberty which cannot f=ub-
I stst long in any State, unless the admunstiation of common
j justice be, in some degree, separated from the legislative,
j and al^o fioni the executive power. Weie U joined with
j the legislative, the hie, liberty, and propeity (if every sub-
j jeet would be itt thehamN ot nibitraiy judges, whosedecis-
; ions would be then regulated only by then own opinions,
i and not by any fundamental principle- of law, anu which,
j though ls 2islaion may depart uoni, vet judges are bound to
j observe."
1 Now, your Constitution declares that the le-
\ gislative power of this Government shall be vested
i m a Senate and House of Representatives—in the
Congress of the United States; the executive power
I shall bo vested ni the President of the United States;
' and that the judicial power shall be vested in the
Supreme Court of the United States, and such
inferior courts as Congress may from tune to lime
ordain and establish. This Court of Claims was
established for the purpose of carrying into prac-
tical operation the great fundamental principle to
which I have adverted, and to carry into practical
operation the theory of your own Constitution.
This is no new idea. In the kingdom of Great
Britain, anciently, os you will see by reference
to the history of that Government, it will be found
that, when a subject had a claim or demand against
the Crown, as no one subject could command the
King to do him justice, he petitioned the King in
person for redress, and the King heard his peti-
tion, and decided upon it. That course was, per-
| haps, found to be inconvenient and inexpedient;
and the authority was delegated to his courts of
justice to hear and determine those claims; and
now, whether the lung's courts of justice decides
in favor of or against the rights and interests of
the Crown, the King always acquiesces in the
! judgment of his courts.
i Mr. RITCHIE. I wish to remark to the gen-
| tleman from Georgia that the mode of pursuing
( claims against the Government in England is
1 essentially the same as I contend it should be here,
! by appearing before the Court of Claims. A
I person in England who has a claim against the
; King, presents a petition to Parliament, and an
' indoisement is made upon the petition of the
manner in which he shall pursue lus remedy, and
the claimant is obliged to follow the indorsement.
And the precise position I have taken here is
taken by jBlackstone—that what i^ done by the
sovereign authority, in deference to the judicial,
is a matter of grace, and not compulsion.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if he is not totally mistaken
as to the means^of obtaining redress in Great
Britain? As I understand it, the proceeding is
by petition addressed to the chancery court, and
that it is not a matter of favor depending on Par-
liament.
Mr. RITCHIE. The petition is addressed to
the chancellor, or to Parliament, as the case may
be; and the claimant is obliged to follow the direc-
tions of the indorsement.
Mr. WARNER. I only speak of it in this
wise to show that, althougfi this power is dele-
gated to the King's courts of justice, and although
He may not be absolutely bound—being the sov-
ereign of a nation—yet he is presumed to be al-
ways present in his own courts, and he always
yields his obedience to the law as pronounced by
the judgment of his court. He yields obedience
to tke law. No sovereign authority is above the
law. That is the idea I wished to present.
Now, in this country, prior to the creation of
this Court of Claims, when a citizen had a claim
against the Government of the United States, as
no one citizen could command the United States
to do him justice, he petitioned Congress for re-
lief. His petition was referred to a standing com-
mittee of this House; that committee examined
and determined the law and facts of the case, and
reported it to this House, and this House decided
upon it. That practice was found to be incon-
venient and inexpedient, and the authority, as I
shall contend, to investigate tiie laws and facts of
this case, was delegated to the Court of Claims.
Now, my friend from Pennsylvania, [fylr.
Jones,] who first addressed the House upon this
question, has told us what his intention was, and
what was the intention of various members of this
House who voted for that act. Sir, it is not a
proper rule for the interpretation of statutes to
inquire what the different members, who may
have voted for a statute, intended at the time.
Perhaps no two members of this House voted for
it precisely for the same reason. We must look
to the act itself for its interpretation, and allow
it to be its own interpreter. The question is not
now what gentlemen intended to do; but what
they have done by the enactment of a statute.
We have also been told by my friend from
Pennsylvania that it never was intended that this
court should settle the law and facts in claim cases,
but that they should report the law and the facts
to this House, and analogizes this court to a mas
ter in chancery. Now, sir, there is no gentleman
who knows better than my friend from Pennsyl-
vania that a master in chancery is not required to
state the law in his report arising upon the facts
submitted to him. He-reports the facts to the
chancellor, and the chancellor pronounces the law
arising upon the facts; and it is no ground of ex-
ception to the master's report that he failed to
state the conclusion of law arising upon the facts.
The best and most conclusive answer that can
be given to the argument of my friend from Penn-
sylvania 111 reference to the powers and authority
that were conferred on this court, is to be found
111 the first section of the act itself. Now, let us
see what jurisdiction is conferred upon this court
by the first section of this act:
" An act to establish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States.
<k Be it enacted."§'c.< That a court shall be established to
be called a couit of claims, to consist of three judges, to be
appointed b\ the President, by and with the advice and con-
sent of tlie Senate, and to hold their offices during good
behavior; and tlie s>aul court shall hear and determine all
claims founded upon any law of Congress, or upon any reg-
ulation of an Executive Department, or upon any con-
tiact, express or implied, with the Government of the United
Statts, which may be sugseHcd to it by a petition filed
theiein ; and, al-u, all claims which may be referred to&aid
court by either IIousu of Congress."
Not to examine and report ! But they are to
hear and determine all claims that may be sub-
mitted to the court. They are clothed with am-
ple power and authority to hear and to dciermine.
Now, the question which arises is, can there be
such a construction given to this statute as that
all parts of it may stand and be operative? That
is the question. It is our duty, if it can be done,
to give such a construction to this act as that all
parts of it may stand and be operative: to give
such a construction as will correct the mischief
and advance the remedy—such a construction as
will make this a practical, working statute, for the
accomplishment of the objects which it was in-
tended to accomplish.
Now, if gentlemen will keep in their minds
three leading ideas, which are patent on the face
of this statute, I think there will be no difficulty
in giving to each section a proper construction.
The first idea is in relation to the jurisdiction
which was conferred by this first section. It is
patent upon its face that Congress intended to
give power and authority to the Court of Claims
to hear and to decide the facts and the law. That
is unquestionable. The next idea, which is to
be found on the face of the seventh section, relates
to a class of cases in which the decision of the
court shall be against the Government, and in
favor of the claimant. As I before remarked,
Congress has retained the power either to vote
the appropriation or to withhold it. It may do
so with or without a reason, arbitrarily, as any
legislative body may; but still it does not inter-
fere with the first section, where the power and
authority are given to decide the law and the
facts. Every member, when the law and the
facts have been decided in favor of the claimant,
and that fact has been reported to the House,
