1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
whether or not to pass the bill reported by the
committee.
The bill of the committee and their report seem
to proceed on the sole idea that what is done must
be affirmed, and must be considered as legal. That
proposition I deny. It is one of very grave im-
portance. It involves important principles. We
have heretofore relied on the committee. They
have made a very voluminous report, or rather
an argument to sustain the board, for it is not
much of a report in any other respect. Now, I
desire to obtain the necessary information before
acting on the bill of the committee. I think it will
not delay our final action to postpone the consid'
eration of that bill until we shall have received
the information which is necessary to enable us
to form a proper judgment upon the subject-mat-
ter. That bill will not be allowed to pass until
it shall have been sifted to the bottom, and thor-
oughly examined. It cannot be allowed to be
hurried through. We have already suffered a
great deal from that course. We do not wish to
ac( in tbo dark; I think we have had enough of
that. *
For these reasons I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was made the special order
for next Wednesday. 1 have a personal reason—
the necessity of being absent from the city—on
which, however, I do not choose to put tins re-
quest, when there are so many obvious public
considerations calling for the course which I sug-
gest.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the reason
given for the reconsideration is, I understand,
that there will not be time between this and next
Wednesday to read the report submitted by the
Committee on Naval Affairs and to get the inform-
ation which is sought for by the resolution which
has just been read. The report submitted by the
Committee on Naval Affairs is printed, and I sup-
pose it will be laid on our tables to-day. The hon-
orable Senator from Georgia is in possession of
a copy of it, which I gave him a short time ago,
and 1 suppose every Senator will have it in his
possession to-day. It will require, perhaps, an
hour and twenty minutes to read that report, and
therefore there can surely be no necessity for de-
laying beyond next Wednesday the consideration
of the bill on that ground.
If, however, the ground be that the information
sought for by the Senator from Georgia is neces-
sary, I can show that that is insufficient. If he
expects to get an official report from the naval
board, I can tell him there is none to be made.
The report of the Committee on Naval Affairs
states that each member of the board kept a mem-
orandum of their grounds of action in every in-
dividual case; but they were not required by law
to submit any report to the Department, and none
was submitted. If the Senator wants the inform-
ation from the officers themselves—if he wants
to bring into the Senate the notes which they kept
for then own private government, he can try that
question at any time; and if the Senate will insist
on having those notes, they can be obtained be-
fore Wednesday next.
Now, sir, I submit that the early consideration
of the bill reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs is essential to the true interests of the
Navy. The committee desire to have the ques-
tion settled It is important that those officers
who are afloat, with the advanced commissions
which they have received, should understand
whether they are to retain them, or whether they
are to go back to the old state of things. I sub-
mit that the question is a very important one, and
I cannot see that any reason whatever has yet
been stated why it should be postponed beyond
next Wednesday. If any good reason can be
given for the postponement, I shall cheerfully
submit.
Mr. TOOMBS. Has not the committee had
two months to make a report? And now the
Senator offers the opponents of his policy seven
days for its consideration? Docs he regaid that
as a fair opportunity?
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask the honorable
Senator from Georgia what points are to be in-
vestigated beyond those which I have mentioned?
Is there any other information to be elucidated,
which will throw light on the subject?
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator "handed me the
report a short time since, and 1 do not think I
have had the one hour and twenty minutes which
he has graciously allowed for its consideration.
I desire to read what the committee have shown,
so that I may know what information is neces-
sary to be obtained from other sources. I want
all the information that can be obtained, before
there is definite action by the Senate. I think it
is remarkable that the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, after taking two months to
prepare a report, and then presenting it only after
being pressed a good deal in some quarters,
should wish to drive the Senate to the consider-
ation of this extensive subject in seven day«.
Mr- MALLORY. So far from the Committee
on Naval Affairs having taken two months to
make a report, tliey have actually closed their
labors before Senators have ceased to present
petitions from officers retired or dropped in con-
sequence of the action of the late board. Those
petitions arc being submitted daily. The Naval
Committee did not wait for all of them to come
in, but have presented their report before their
presentation has ceased. If there be not time
between this and Wednesday next to consider the
report, I should myself cheerfully move to post-
pone its consideration beyond that day; but I cer-
tainly think that a report which, as I have said,
can be read in one hour and twenty minutes, can
be fully considered by Wednesday next. If, how-
ever, the Senate think otherwise,! shall cheerfully
submit.
Mr. SEWARD. I am sure I never knew the
Senate to refuse to postpone the consideration of
a special order on any ground of convenience as-
signed by a gentleman who desired an opportunity
to understand the subject. I think wo lose time
by debating such a question, for I am sure the
Senate will reconsider the vote. I trust we shall
have the question.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the bill was read a second time, and placed upon
the Calendar.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, on Monday
last, when the honorable Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] was addressing the Senate on the
Kansas question, I interposed, and made a state-
ment in regard to the profession of Mr. Hutch-
inson, whom lie named. I spoke from recollection
! at the moment, and under confusion with regard
to the name of the person of whom I did speak.
I had scarcely left the Senate Chamber before I
perceived that I had been m error m the statement
which I made in regard to Mr. Hutchinson. The
person of whom the Senator spoke was a gentle-
man of that name of whom I had no knowledge,
and with whom I had no acquaintance; but I was
referring to another gentleman. It appears, as
the honorable Senator said on that occasion, that
there are two persons of the same name.
I should not have troubled the Senate with this
statement but for the fact, that I called on the
honorable Senator from Tennessee, and made the
same explanation to him; and, at my request, he
has stricken out of his remarks all those passages
which related to the controversy between us on
that point; but that being the subject of some
embarrassment to the honoiable Senator, without
an explanation here, I have risen in justice to
him to correct the misrepresentation.
PENSION APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. HCJNTER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to the
consideration of the bill (S. No. llti) yesterday
reported by him from the Committee on Finance,
making appropriations for tho payment of invalid
and other joensions of the United States, foi? the
year endinsr June 30, 1857. and for other pur-
poses.
It provides for the appropriation of the follow-
ing sums, for the payment of pensions for the
year ending June 30, 1857:
For invalid pensions under the various acts,
$503,300.
For revolutionary pensions under the acts of
March 18,1818, May 15,18ti8,and June 7,1832,
$113,600.
For pensions to widows under the acts of Feb-
ruary CJ, and July 29, 1848, and the second sec-
tion of the act of February 3, 1853, $400,000.
For pensions to widows and orphans under the
act of July 51, 1848, and the first section of the
act of February 3, 1853, $^04,000.
. For half-pay pensions to widows and orphans,
payable through the offices of the Second Auditor
ancl Third Auditor of the Treasury, under tho
acts of January 29, 1813, and April 16, 1816,
$38,047 07,
For invalid pensions under the act of April 23,
1800, J30,000.
For pensions to widows and orphans under the
act of August 11, 1847, $110,000.
It also proposes to repeal the provisions con-
tained in the acts of May 15, 1828, June 7, 1832,
and August 11, 1848, which make permanent
and indefinite appropriations of money to pay the
pensions therein granted. This repeal is to take
effect from and after June 30,1856; and hereafter
annual estimates are to be submitted for appro-
priations from' year to year to accomplish the
objects of those acts.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state that this bill is
strictly according to estimate. The only innova-
tion is in changing permanent and indefinite ap-
propriations into specific ones, at the request of
the Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
AVENUES IN WASHINGTON.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia he instructed to inqune and report to the Senate, what
juiisdiction the Congress of the United States has over tho
avenues of the city of Washington; whether said avenues
have been olwti noted ; and, if so, by whom ordered, aiyUo-r
what puipo&e ; and that tliuy leportby bill or otherwise.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
A message in writing, of an executive character,
t; was received from the President of the United
l; States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness, and, after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 27, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The Speaker appointed the following special
committee, to which was referred the bill to pro-
vide for railroad and telegraphic communication
between the Atlantic States and the Pacific ocean,
and for other purposes, introduced m the House,
on Thursday last, by Mr. Denver, viz: Messrs,
James W. Denver, of California; James H.
Woodworth, of Illinois; George S. Houston,
of Alabama. Richard Mott, of Ohio; Daniel
Wells, of Wisconsin; Zedekiaii Kidwell, of
Virgiuia; Joshua H. Jewett, of Kentucky;
Andrew Z. McCarty, of New York; Lemuel
D. Evans, of Texas; Edwin Gr. Reade, of North
Carolina; John M. Wood, of Maine; James J.
Lixdley, of Missouri: and John C. Kunkel, of
Pennsylvania.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported a bill making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30, 1857; which was read a
first and second time by its title, referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
,j COMMUNICATIONS REFERRED.
|! Mr. CAMPBELL. I am directed by the Com-
;! mittec of Ways and Means to ask that that com-
mittue be relieved from action on some papers
i] sent to it from the State Department, relative to a
!! claim of Chailes L. Denman, United States con-
!! sul at Acapulco; and that the papers on the sub-
| ject be referred to the Committee on Claims.
!i It was so ordered.
| Mr. CAMPUELL. I am also directed by the
; same committee to request that it be relieved from
!: action on a communication sent to it from the
■1 State Department, transmitting a sealed package
from Mr. Philip Geisse, United States consul at
. Nuremburg, and that the papers be referred to the
;j Committee on Foreign Affairs.
l! It was so ordered.
