THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
BOOKS FOR TERRITORIES.
Mr. BERNHISEL, by unanimous consent,
introduced the two following resolutions; which
Were severally read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Territories* be instructed
ioinqune into the expediency of providing for the purchase
of "books for the teiritorial hbranesof Minnesota, Oregon,
New Mexico, Utah, Washington, Kansas, and Nebraska,
•by appropriating $500 for each of said Territories, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior;
and that said committee report by bill or otherwise.
ARMS FOR IJEW MEXICO AND UTAH.
- Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be instructed
to inquire into the expediency ot providing for the delivery
at. Santa F6, in the Territory of New Mexico, and at Great
Salt Lake City, in the Territory of Utah, of arms to which
the said Territories are entitled under the law of 1808, as
amended by the seventh section of " An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army, for the year ending
.the 30th of June, 18o6, and for other purposes;" approved
March 3,1855; and that said committee report by bill or
otherwise.
BILLS BEFORE COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to introduce
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Court of Claims be requested to re-
turn to this House the bill (II. R. No. 729) "to confirm
•to.certain persons therein named their titles to certain lots
in. Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin," together with the accom-
panying papers, the said hill not being a claim under a con-
tract, or requiring an appropriation of money.
Mr. ORR. I do not like to object to the prop-
osition of the gentleman from Wisconsin. I sup-
pose that, if the papers are improperly before the
Court of Claims, tncy would send them baclc to
the Clerk of this House without any resolution.
I would like to have an explanation about the
matter.
Mr. HAVEN. If gentlemen will allow me to
say one word, I may, perhaps, set them right. I
have undertaken to see what condition these things
were in when papers get before the Court of
Claims. I will say to gentlemen that I have talked
with the chief justice of that court, and he in-
formed me that papers which have been referred
from this House there, and which may be desiied
back by the House, or any of its members, on
•behalf of the parties interested, would be delivered,
without any resolution of the House, on applica-
tion of an individual member. That information
may save some gentlemen inconvenience.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I want to ask the gen-
tleman from New York, whether papers can be
obtained by merely asking for them ?
Mr. HAVEN. So the chief justice informed
me.
Mr. GREENWOOD. And no action of the
House is required?
Mr. HAVEN. It requires no action of the
House; but an application by any member of the
House on behalf of the parties interested. On
such application papers will be returned. Such
is my understanding from Judge Gilchrist.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I withdraw the
resolution.
. RAILROAD IRON DUTY.
Mr. READY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill, merely for the
purpose of reference, to remit and relund the
duty on imported railroad iron.
Mr. GROW. I object, and call for the regular
order of business.
REGULAR ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of, busi-
ness is the call of committees for reports.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
Committee on Commerce been called?
The SPEAKER. It was called yesterday.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask leave to take up
a bill from the Speaker's table, merely for the
purpose of reference.
Objection was made.
Mr. ORR. The business on the Speaker's
table will be reached m an hour.
INJURY TO REAL ESTATE IN "WASHINGTON.
Mr. BARBOUR. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back the papers
in the case of Charles Wilkes and others, and to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the petition of Charles Wilkes and others,
owners of real estate on North Capitol street. Kn damages
occasioned by cxcavatiotis, &e., together with the accom-
panying papers, be referred to the Court ot Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that a recom-
mendation to refer to the Court of Claims'
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. JONES. Well, I hope that will not be
done, because that will give to that court jurisdic-
tion over it. I do not want to give it that jurisdic-
tion; for, in my opinion, these petitioners have no
contract and no claim upon this Government for
the grading of that street.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will make a suggestion. If there be no
ground for this claim—no contract, no claim—and
it be referred to that court, the court will simply
report that there is no law authorizing it. ;
Mr. JONES. The law expressly gives the
Court of Claims jurisdiction of all subjects re- j
ferred to it by the House. The mere reference !
gives them jurisdiction. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly; but the gen- j
tie man will see by their report that there is no |
foundation for the claim.
Mr. JONES. Then, sir, let us dispose of it
here, and let the petitioners present their claim to
the court as an original one. I think, from the
investigation which I have made of it, that there
are no merits in it; and I do not wish—so far as
I am concerned—to give the Court of Claims
jurisdiction of this case.
Mr. HAVEN. I would like to hear from my
friend from Indiana on my right [Mr. Barbour]
in relation to this matter. If there is any par-
ticular reason for this reference to the Court
of Claims, it ought to go there at once; and in
any event, I do not think there is any impro-
priety m it. Rut, if I understand the rule that
court has laid down for itself upon questions of
this kind, it goes to this extent, and no further:
whatever matter is referred to that court, whether
it relates to violation of contract, or to depart-
mental decision, or to cases referred to it by either
House of Congress, whatever it is, when it comes
to take cognizance of the matter and consider it,
it simply looks into this question of the legal
and equitable rights of the claimant; it determines
whether, if the ease were brought as an action at
law against the United States as an individual,
the party could recover on strictly legal princi-
ples. If he could, they report in favor of the
claimant. If not, tliey report against him. Has
the Judiciary Committee in this case determined
there is a legal claim? And, sir, the court goes
further. It inquires whether—considering the
Government as an individual—if a bill were filed
against it in a court of equity, relief would be
granted upon strictly equitable principles. If so,
then the court reports in favor of the claimant.
If not, it reports against him. If 1 understand
this case, if we rofer to the Couvtof Claims, tliey
will simply examine it in reference to these ques-
tions, and it will come back to us with their report
that it does not come within cither class of cases
where a court of law or a court of equity could
give relief; and the House will again have the
matter to consider, if the claimant gets any relief.
I would submit, therefore, that eases like this had
better not be sent to the Court of Claims unless
there is some special reason for it. Unless they
are embraced within the two classes of cases I
have mentioned, it will do no good to send them
there, and I would suggest that they had better
not go. If, however, on the contrary, gentlemen
here really think that the claimant m this case has
a claim which could be maintained, either at law
or in equity, as against an individual, if the Gov-
ernment were such, then there is propriety in
referring it to the Court of Claims, although I am
apprehensive that it will be found no such claim
exists in this caee.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to ask why this
claimant cannotgo directly to the Court of Claims
without the necessity of any action whatever upon
the part of the House ? If the case belongs there,
the claimant can present his case directly to the
Court of Claims; and if he has a good, substan-
tial claim against the Government, that court will,
as a court of equity, render judgment m his favor,
and report it to the House for the appropriation
to be made.
Mr. WAKEMAN. It seems to me that, if the
House understood this case as it appears, prima
facie, by the papers presented, there would be
no objection to the adoption of the report of the
Committee on the Judiciary. It appears that the
claimant owned property upon one of the streets
in this city which had been regulated and graded.
The petitioner thereupon improved his property m
the erection of valuable buildings, the worth of
which was, as is alleged, very much depreciated
by the subsequent cutting- down and regrading
of the street opposite these buildings. This re-
grading of the street was done by the corporation,
under the authority of this Government, and, as
is charged, to the very great damage of his prop-
erty; and for this injury the claimant prays that
he may be indemnified. As soon as the*matter
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
they examined the matter, and came to the con-
clusion that it related solely to a matter of dam-
ages, which should be investigated, and the testi-
mony of witnesses taken. They thought that it
should be referred to some tribunal clothcd with
power to do this, and thus determine the extent of
the damages incurred by the claimant. It appear-
ing upon the face of the papers, prima facie, that
damages have been sustained. If the Government
has caused the damages, it should indemnify the
claimant. They have therefore reported that the
case be referred to the Court of Claims, who will
take testimony as to the amount of damages sus-
tained, if damages have been sustained at all, and
report the facts to the House.
Mr, CRAIGE. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man from New York, whether or not the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary have examined into this
contract? I recollect that, during the last Con-
gress, similar memorials to this were referred to
another committee of this House. They reported
them back to the House with a recommendation
that they be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, with instructions to inquire whether
there was any violation of contract or not. Now,
I do not understand that the Committee on the
Judiciary have inquired into the question of law
in this ease tit all. I think they should settle the
legal question as to whether there was any viola-
tion of contract before they report the matter to
the House.
Mr. WAKEMAN. There is no contract in
the case; it is a claim for damages founded upon
a tort.
Mr. CRAIGE. It seems to me that this ques-
tion ought not to be referred to the Court of Claims,
for the purpose of taking testimony; for the mere
reference will, I understand, give them jurisdic-
tion over the matter.
Mr. WAKEMAN. The simple question to
be ascertained is, whether this party has been
damnified by the improper action of the Govern-
ment? It is not a matter of contract. There is
no allegation that any contract has been violated.
It is an action of tort. It is a violation of the
rights of an individual by the Government in cut-
ting down the grade of this street, previously
established. That* is the question to be dccided
by the court. It is to take testimony and ascer-
tain whether any damnification had taken place.
The gcfitlcman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
says none has taken place. Well, sir, the court
will examine as to the facts, and if, upon inves-
tigation, they find such to be the case, they will
report against the claim. It is to ascertain this
fact, to settle this question, that I think the mat-
ter should be referred to the Court of Claims, and
I hope it will be so referred.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to inquire of the
Speaker, what will be the effect of the previous
question upon this resolution ? I simply want to
terminate this debate. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The effect of the previous
question will be to bring the House to a dircct
vote upon the resolution.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
whole matter on the table; and ask for the yeas
and iiii^s.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a remark of not ex-
ceeding ten words.
Mr. JONES. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SIMMONS. This is a case, Mr. Speaker,
where the law of New York, whatever it may be
m other States, would give this man a remedy.
Do not table it, but let him go to the Court of
Claims and have a hearing. We ought not to
decide the question without giving him a hear-
mg.
The question wsa taken on the motion to lay
