1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
513
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
American principle, which lies at the foundation
of free institutions.
This principle has been designated as popular
sovereignty, squatter sovereignty, territorial sov-
ereignty, and marked by other sneering terms,
usea contemptuously as nicknames, rather than
■descriptively as definitions, and which have served
to cast reproach, and often designedly, upon a
great element of human freedom, and to bring it
into discredit.
This system of tactics originated during the
progress of the controversy concerning the
admission of California, when it was contended,
that the government established there in self-
defense, by the people, ought not to be recog-
nized; and, among other reasons, because they
were squatters—that was the cant phrase—and
did not own the land: as though American cit-
izens, borne bv the accidents of life to a part of
the national domain without the limits of an
organized State or Territory, are destitute of all
rights, and, in the absence of established law,
can establish no law for themselves—and, as a
corollary, that the only true sovereignty is land-
lord sovereignty. Sir, this is strange doctrine
for this great Republic, boasting ofits political
equality, and for this middle of the nineteenth
century, boasting of its political progress and in-
telligence. It carries us back to tne worst periods
of the world, when man was nothing, and lands,
and trees, and rocks, were everything.
On a former occasion I adverted to the happy
manner, in which this artificial and unjust state
of society was ridiculed by Dr. Franklin, in one
of his practical apologues, more powerful than
argument; but it is so appropriate to this discus-
sion, that I am tempted again to call it into the
service of human rights. A property qualifica-
tion is required (said the American parable-
maker) to entitle any one to enjoy political priv-
ileges. To-day a man possesses a jackass, and
-is therefore a voter. To-morrow the ass dies,
and the vote dies with him. To whom did the
vote belong, to the ass or to his owner? I am not
folitical casuist enough to answer the question;
leave its solution to him who believes in the
necessary connection between the money-Uox
and the ballot-box. One hundred thousand Amer-
ican citizens found themselves without law in
California, soon after its cession to the United
States. Congress refused or neglected to make
any arrangement for their government, leaving
them exposed to the terrible evils of anarchy.
By all the laws of God and nature, they were
justified, as a measure of self-defense, which is
as incident to communities as to individuals, in
providingfor their own safety—existence, indeed,
—by the institution of a government. They did
to, and came here for admission, and were met
by reproaches, and harsh epithets, and delays,
almost refusal, and were characterized as landless
and lawless adventurers. That they were land-
less was neither their crime nor their fault; that
they did not continue lawless, they owed to their
own firmness and intelligence, not to our justice
or sympathy. They did, as the self-exiled adven-
turers had done centuries before them, when they
landed upon this continent, and " combined them-
selves together (these are memorable and historic
■words) in a civil body-politic;" and never did
human government rest upon a truer basis, than
did these political systems in the infancy of the
settlements upon the coasts of the Atlantic and
the Pacific oceans.
The misapprehension or misrepresentation,
which has prevailed respecting the doctrine of
those, who maintain that American citizens,
thrown as waifs upon an unoccupied strand, have
a right, in the absence of law, to provide it for
themselves, and have at all times other natural
rights, of which they cannot be deprived without
their own consent, except by the authority of the
Constitution of the United States, serves to show
thatstrong prejudices have been at work, mingling
themselves with the investigation of this inter-
esting subject. The proposition that our citizens
are not political slaves, and have rights which
Congress neither gave, nor can take away, was
first called squatter sovereignty by way of de-
rision, and yet receives the same appellation, but
flow in sober earnest; and if not with the purpose,
certainly with the effect, of identifying the name
New Series—No. 33
with absurd or dangerous doctrines. 4. heard it
said here, after the imposition of this soubriquet,
that squatter sovereignty was a claim to divest
Congress of its rights over the public land. Six
years have passed away, and no such pretension
has been advanced; and he who should seriously
advocate it would hardly need the certificate of
a physician to prove his qualification for a mad-
house.
This principle of self-government is confounded
with revolution, and it is charged with making
that extraordinary remedy an ordinary legal
right. Sir, no true believer in the doctrine, that
American citizens possess rights in the Territories,
includes in that proposition the right of revolu-
tion. That is an extraordinary resource against
oppression, belonging^ all political communities,
ana to be resorted to by each at its discretion,
and upon its responsibility. Free as our Gov-
ernment is, I can foresee cases, not probable,
scarcely possible even, in which this great meas-
ure of self-defense might become necessary and
justifiable. If a Territory, having passed legally
into a State, should apply for admission into the
Union, and-the application should be rejected,
unless with the imposition of conditions destruc-
tive of its true equality—such as a requisition
to exclude slavery, or to do any other act not
prescribed by the Constitution—a State, under
these circumstances, would have a right, in the
words of the Declaration of Independence, to
dissolve tfie political bands which connect it with an
unjust Government, and to claim admittance, as a
distinct member, into the family of nations.
It seems also to be supposed by many that the
advocate of squatter or popular sovereignty, as-
suming the name as an established one—and for
myself I shall not quarrel with it, considering the
doctrine so good that it could survive a much
more powerful assault than this baptismal one—
advocates also the right of the people of a Terri-
tory to change the government at their pleasure;
and I have heard it maintained that the recent
attempt to establish a State government in Kansas,
must be supported by every advocate of this doc-
trine, if he would preserve his own consistency.
Sir, I believe in no such pretension. I never
advanced or defended it, nor shall I defend it now.
Although cases have occurred where the measures
for the establishment of a State government have
had their initiation in the local Legislature, yet
they originated in, and were justified by, peculiar
circumstances. But an attempt to change the
government by a partial popular interference,
without the intermediation of Congress, or of the
Territorial Legislature, finds no support in any
views I have ever presented upon this subject.
And the dangers attending the public tranquillity,
which must necessarily accompany a voluntary
effort like that among an excited people, divided
in opinion, are enough to deter me from favoring
it.
In brief, sir, this is my creed (Upon this subject:
1. I believe that American citizens have rights
in the Territories, whether they own land or not.
2. Those rights are independent of Congress,
and neither derived from, nor granted by, that
body.
3. It is the duty of Congress to organize gov-
ernments for the Territories; and if that duty is
refused, it is the right of the people to do it for
themselves.
4. The change, from a Territorial to a State
government, should not be undertaken without
the vote of the majority of the people, authorized
bylaw to betaken; for without such authority,
it is obvious, that the whole transaction becomes
a spontaneous one, which will be supported by
its partisans only, and in which those who are
opposed to it will take no part, and the result,
therefore, will be no indication of the true views
of the people. And the foundation will be laid
for bitter dissensions, and the resisting and the
intruding governments will eaeh find partisans
and enemies.
Sovereignty is, in no proper acceptation of the
word, applicable to the Territories of the United
States. They are dependencies of the General
Government, and possess no attribute of inde-
pendence.
But the question is, what political relation do
they bear to that government, and what powers
can it constitutionally exercise over their inhabi-
tants ? Are these inhabitants destitute of all rights,
and subject to the uncontrolled will of Congress?
And can that body " sell them into slavery," as
coolly asserted in the House of Representatives
by a member from Indiana ?
Those, who maintain that the people of the Ter-
ritories have certain inalienable rights, maintain
just what our fathers contended for, first by argu-
ment, and then by arms, in opposition to a sim-
ilar assumption of uncontrolled power of legisla-
tion by the British Parliament, which declares
that his Majesty in Parliament has the right
by statute to binb the colonies in all cases
whatsoever.
! What rights have the people of the Territories ?
j They possess all those natural rights, "written,''
—as Lord Chatham said, when he nobly advocated
their existence and obligation in the House of
Lords—"written in the great volume of nature,"
. which are not taken from them, and intrusted to
Congress by the Constitution of the United States,
The inquiry then, is, not into the rights of the
I people, but into the constitutional power of Con-
| gross to interfere with them; and this, too, under
a Government, not only of limited but of granted
powers, and which can exercise no authority not
I conferred byexpress provision, or by necessary and
1 proper implication, for these are the wojrds of the
book.
And still more: a Government whose very cor-
ner-stone is the inseparable connection betweep
power and representation, and which seeks
extend its jurisdiction—and,one, too, which pen-
etrates into the most hidden recesses of private
and domestic life, overdistantcommunities, which
have no participation in this far away legislation
—no means to keep a foreign law-giver from its
hearthstone.
What power, then, has the Federal Legislature
over the Territories of the United States f To
the law and to the testimony.
The word " territory" is not to be found in
the Federal Constitution, as applicable to a polit-
ical community. It occurs there but once, and
in the following clause:
"The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make
all needful rules and regulations concerning the territory
or other property of the United States."
(Not shall have power to make laws to govern
people.)
The Supreme Court has decided, and the mean-
ing is undeniable by any one possessing but a
slight knowledge of the laws of English syntax,
even without such decision, that " The term
•territory,' as here used, is merely descriptive of
one branch of property, and is equivalent to the
word ' land;' and Congress has the same power
over it as over every other property of the United
States."
The clause, by this construction, may be thus
read: The Congress shall have power to dispose
of and make all needful rules ana regulations con-
cerning the land and other property of the United
States. Here is no grant of political power, no
jurisdiction over the lives and persons and prop-
erty of American citizens, but only an authority
to take care of and sell the public land—such an
authority as a land-owner may properly exercise.
If the word " territory " means a nohtical com-
munity, and not land merely, it follows that, as
Congress may dispose of it, they may sell every
Territory, people and all; and this, too, though
the whole land may have been previously disposed
of to purchasers, and not an acre left to the United
States. And this tremendous, unlimited power
over American citizens, involving all the issues
of life and death, is derived from a simple grant
to regulate and sell land. And this regulation
must be "needful,-" says the Constitution. Need-
ful for what? For the regulation and sale of the
property. Not needful for the Constitution of
the United States, nor for any of the ends for
which that compact was formed—such as the
general welfare, the establishment of justice, and
others, as Mr.' Adams contended some years
since; for such a construction is not only in the
very face of any just rule of interpretation, but
it would prostrate the barriers of the Constitution,
leaving all powers to be considered needful, which
any party might desire to exercise. This is the
very consequence foreseen and foretold by the
