1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2123
In 1854 Congress passed an act authorizing the
Secretary of War to ascertain the amount paid
by the State of California, or expended by her
in suppressing Indian hostilities in that State
prior to that period. The amount appropriated
by that a -t is the same amount recognized in this
bill. The Secretary of War was only authorized,
under that bill, to ascertain the amount that was
actually expended by the State of California.
His duty was not to ascertain whether the United
States Government was responsible for it—that
principle was settled by the act of 1854. His
duty was only to ascertain the amount paid with-
out regard to any other question; and the Secre-
tary of War was required to pay the amount thus
ascertained by him into the treasury of Califor-
nia. The Secretary of War, pursuing these in-
structions, proceeded to examine into the matter;
but from causes of which I am not informed, the
precise amount expended by California in the
suppression of Indian hostilities is not stated.
The probable reason, however, is that he found
in the bill the words " actually paid," when, in
reality, the war debt of California had been taken
up by the issuance of her bonds. There may
have been also, on the part of California, some
disposition not to receive the amount into her
treasury until some provision had been made to
apply the amount to the payment of the bonds
issued for the payment of the expenses.
Now, I take it for granted, that it is settled by
the Congress of the United States that the United
States Government is responsible for the payment
of this money. That is no longer a question to
be inquired into. The simple fact to be ascer-
tained is as to the amount actually expended.
To ascertain that fact, you have the evidence of
the sovereign State of California in the report of
the comptroller of that State, fixing the amount
at the sum originally appropriated by Congress,
and provided for in this bill.
Now, sir, is this debt to be paid ? The money
already lies in your Treasury, having been ap-
propriated some two years ago; and I say the
only question is, shall it be disbursed, or shall it
be locked up in your Treasury ? The State of
California, finding that there was some difficulty
in procuring this amount to be paid into her
treasury, appointed two commissioners, one of
whom is now on the floor of this House, to settle
and adjust the debt, and has requested the Gov-
ernment to pay the amount to the order of these
commissioners. She has thus formally, by her
act of 1856, directed the mode of its payment.
She has diiected it to be paid to the bondholders
under the direction of her commissioner.
Shall we conform to the order of the State of
California, and pay this money, to be distributed
by the commissioner to the bondholders who
advanced the money in the first instance to pay
these expenses? I have no knowledge of the
holders of these bonds, nor am I informed
whether this measure originated at their instance.
The Committee on Military Affairs have only
inquired whether this Government is liable for
this debt, and whether the Senate bill provides
a proper and safe mode of payment?
I have but another word on the subject. In
honesty and equity I believe, and so do the com-
mittee, that California ought to be paid the debt
she has thus incurred; and unless it be soon paid
I shall feel myself bound to vote that she shall be
paid the interest, which she is now forced to pay
on this very war debt.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, in 1854 application
was made to Congress by the Representatives
from California, that the tJmtcd States should
refund to that State a certain amount of money
alleged to have been paid by her for the suppres-
sion of Indian hostilities. The matter was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs of
this House. In the report made by that commit-
tee, I find the following:
" Tins committee aie unable to correctly ascertain the
specific merits* ot all the items that make up the claim pre-
sented by the State of California; but, from an examination
of the official leports of the office!.- ofthat State, it appeals
that jome care has been bestowed by the pi open-auditing
orheers.in ascertaining and determining the merits of the<e
item-*, and ah the Plate has assumed and dischaiged the lia-
bilities incurred, there appears no good reason to suspect
that unjust allowances have been made." * * * *
" The committee being satisfied that the requisite pio-
tection w as not furnished by the Federal Government to the
State of California, and seeing no good reason to question
that the amount claimed was expended in good faith for the
purpose of protection, report said bill back to the House,
with an amendment, and leeommend its passage."
In refunding this money we followed the pre-
cedent which had been established in many in-
stances by the two Houses of Congress, in pay-
ing back to individual States the liabilities which
they had incurred for their protection against
Indian hostilities. It is known to many gentle-
men here, that we have refunded to many of the
States the sums advanced by them for the trans-
portation of their volunteers to Mexico during
the war with that Republic. We refunded in
like manner for expenses incurred m sending
troops to the Florida war. Following out these
precedents it was thought to be just and proper
to refund this money to the State of California,
for it was the duty of the Federal Government to
protect the citizens of California against the in-
cursions of the Indians.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it docs notappear from the
report of the committee, an extract from which i j
have read, that California had creditors in this!
matter at all. It was to refund to California j
moneys which she had actually paid out. My 1
friend from Mississippi says the bill is merely to j
carry out the law; but he is mistaken. I say
that it completely and totally changes the relation
borne to California in 1854. We then dealt with
her as aState. We directed the money to be paid
into the treasury of the State. The bill before
the House proposes to cancel the statute then
passed, and, instead of making the payment into
the State treasury, that we shall be responsible to
the bondholders.
Mr. FAULKNER. I inquire of the gentleman
from South Carolina whether these bonds were
not issued by the State at the time of the applica-
tion on the part of the State?
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, I have not traced
the history of the bonds; but this House was not
asked then to pay these bondholders. We were
asked to refund to the State of California the
amountof money which her Representatives here
alleged she had expended for the protection of
her citizens against Indian incursions. 1 have
before me the debate which took place in this
House in 1854 on this very proposition. I said
on that occasion, as I said but a moment ago, that
I believed it was obligatory on the Government
to refund to any State moneys justly expended
by her in defending her citizens from domestic or
foreign violence. My friend from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] was disposed to question the propriety
of the appropriation, and among other things said
that the matter had not gone to a committee. I
replied, as the report of the debate shows, that it
had been submitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and that that committee had made its
report. I believe the explanation was thoroughly
satisfactory, and that for once the gentleman was
silenced. Well, sir, I desire to read some of the
remarks made by gentlemen who participated in
this discussion. Here is the amendment which
was offered by Mr. McDougall:
Sec. t3. Jlml be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
Wai be, and lie is hereby, authorized and directed to ex-
jumnemto and asceitain the amount of expenses incurred
by the State o( California, m the suppression of Indian hos-
tilities within the said fcUatc, prior to the l^t of January,
anno Domini 1654, and that the amount of such expenses,
when so ascertained, be paid into Hip tica*ury of the said
rotate: Provided, That the sum so paid shall not exceed in
amount the mi in of ,5^24,*259 G">; which amount is hereby
appiopnaled out of any moneys m the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. Parker, of Indiana, in speaking of this act
said:
u I do not rise to oppose the pioposition of the gentleman j
i fiom Cahtorma, I have no doubt, irom the manner in j
which it iiab been presented, of the moMs of the question, j
I have no doubt that the State of California has mcuired I
the expenses m question for the puipose of protecting her I
frontier. For tlu-> expenditure she ouahtto be indemnified ; :
and Congress oiurhf to indemnify hei at this -.e^ion. There J
might be, I imagine, some question of order rawed on the •
piesentation of this amendment. But under the cneum- i
stanccs it may be let par?. If there are mentorious claims j
involved in the case, and no doubt there are, it in immate- !
rial to me m what form they are presented. Congress ought :
to dispose of thein without hesitation. If the gentleman j
fiom California will admit of the amendment winch f am j
about to propose to his amendment, I shall go for it with j
great cheerfulness, and J think the House ought to adopt it j
ivith equal cheerfulness. The amendment I propose is this: }
Insert alter the word 4 incurred5 tho words 'and now actu- j
ally paid."' j
The bill passed in that shape: and in that shape
the section was passed by the two Houses of !
Congress, and became a law.  
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Are the words of
the Jaw which the gentleman has read the words
of the existing law ?
Mr. ORR.. They are, with the amendment in-
dicated by Mr. Parker, inserted in it.
Mr. CtuJTMAN. 1 would ask the gentleman
from South Carolina whether, as a lawyer, he
does not know that the payment of a debt might
be made in some other mode than in cash—for
instance, by bill of exchange, and, in the care of
a State, by her bonds ? And whether the payment
to a State by her bonds is not an actual payment
within the law?
Mr. ORR. It is hardly necessary for me to
answer the legal question propounded by the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, because it does not affect
this case at all. The House was not asked to
deal with bondholders two years ago when the
law was passed. Not at all. The House was
then asked to deal with the sovereign State of
California, and the act itself declared that there
should be refunded to the treasury of California
the money actually paid out by that State. I
heard no intimation about bonds then. This pro-
vision was made in the Army appropriation bill
of 1854, two years ago. There has been in the
Treasury ever since, upwards of nine hundred
thousand dollars, subject to the order of the au-
thorities of California, whenever that State, by
vouchers or otherwise, should satisfy the Secre-
tary of War that the expenditure had been actu-
ally made. Well, the Secretary of War, charged
with the responsibility of seeing that this money
was not paid unless the State of California fur-
nished this evidence, has declined to make the
payment into the treasury of California. This
bill is not a bill which proposes that less stringent
vouchers shall be required. Notat all. This bill
does not propose to modify any v^ew which tho
Secretary of War has taken in reference to this
question, but it proposes to change the whole
direction of the appropriation—toassumethat the
bonds were ali'corrctly given, and that the money
is to be paid, not to the State of California, but
to the bondholders themselves.
Now, sir, I have before me the statutes of the
State of California for 185G. in which I find a bill
relating to tho debts of California, and providing
for the redemption thereof. I find in that law
that there are two classes of bondholders. There
is the twelve per cent, class of bondholders, and
the seven per cent, class. I find that it provides
that all the twelve per cent, bondholders shall be
paid the whole amount of their bonds; while the
provision in reference to the seven per cent, bond-
holders, 1 confess, I have not been able to under-
stand. Will either of the gentlemen from Cali-
fornia explain to me what this law directs shall
be done with the seven pur cent, bondholders ?
The statute is in these words:
u After setting apart and designating a sum sufficient to
pay and discharge the twelve p'r cent, bonds, and int^iest
coupons as afoiesaui, the commissioners sha l, bj advertise-
ment in the manner as befoie indicated, invite the holders
of the* seven per cent, war bonds, to present to said com-
missioners sealed proposals lor the redemption of such of
said bond.- as they may hold, setting forth in said adveitUe-
ment the amount of the outstanding bond-' to be redeemed,
with mteie.-t computed up to the time when they proposo
to iedeem them; al&o, the amount of money set apart for
their redemption."
Mr. HAVEN, in his seat, addressed a remark
to Mr. Orr, which was not heard by the reporter.
Mr. ORR. 11 is suggested by the gentleman
from New York, that that law is very plain to
his understanding. I confess that it is not very
plain to me, for I never had any very extensive
dealings m the matter of bonds. He suggests
that the provision in reference to the seven per
cent, bondholders is a proposition upon the part
of the State of California to them, to know how
little they will take for their bonds.
Now it seems that the Legislature of California
knew that the appropriation of $924,000 was in
adequate to pay all these war bonds—the twelve
per cent, bonds and the seven per cent, bonds—
and California pioposes, in the first instance, to
pay the twelve per cent bonds. I do not know
whether the preference is given to them because
they have more merit than the others, but, from
the fact that they are to be paid to the full extent,
I take it for granted that they have more merit
than the others. California, desiring to discrim-
inate between the bondholders, provides that the
first shall be paid in full, and that the balance
shall be paid according to the lowest'bid. In
