1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
#23
ion, we shall have no war, unless England and
France, in the expectation of the pacification of
Europe, are bent upon interference with Ameri-
can affairs. When they do so, my voice, and I
trust that of the whole country, will be for war.
Such interference, however, by arms, I do not
expcct to see, inasmuch as it would indicate an
entire change of policy. The failure of that am-
bitious Power, Great Britain, to resort to force
on the annexation of Texas, her failure to inter-
pose in the war with Mexico, are significant
events, and lead my mind to the conclusion that,
whatever may have been her former designs, she
had determined not to pursue her schemes of con-
quest or acquisition in America, at the hazard of
a war with the United States, but rather to turn
her efforts for national aggrandizement to other
parts of the world. She may, by diplomacy, by
intrigue with our neighbors, and by fomenting
dissensions among ourselves fatal to the harmony
and repose of these States, attempt to cripple us,
whom she regards as a great rival Power; but she
will scarcely venture to provoke actual hostilities
with the United States. There are ties which
restrain her with all her pride, and which she can-
not sever without producing political and social
convulsion among her own people. Not only do
many ofhei subjects sympathize with our liberal
institutions, but it is estimated that near three
millions of her citizens are dependent for occu-
pation and bread upon the cotton with which we
supply her. I will not say that that great and
groud Power fears to measure arms with us, but
ritish statesmen know full well, that were once
the military energies of this great people aroused,
we would exhibit a power in war rarely equaled.
They have not forgotten the war of 1812; nor
have they failed to deduce lessons of wisdom from
the extraordinary successes of our arms in the
more recent war with Mexico. Inasmuch, then,
as I do not believe that war between our own
country and England will ever arise out of mere
diplomatic misunderstandings, and can only grow
out of a change of her policy m regard to the ex-
tension of her dominion on this continent, I shall
not expect it until such change is further indi-
cated. To return to the subject of discussion.
If this message, under the view of it taken by
the gentleman from Kentucky, should be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, will it not go forth to the country as
the opinion of this House that it was intended
by the President as a war message, and thus not
only tend to embarrass our negotiations with
England, but be also productive of immediate and
serious injury at home; and all this out of the
imaginings of gentlemen that a recommendation
to add to our defenses and adopt better arms than
those in use amounts to a declaration of war?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Mississippi whether he can
inform the House of the occasion rendering1 this
recommendationproper? What has occurred since
the regular annual estimates were laid upon our
desks, at the opening of the session, to make ne-
cessary an additional estimate of $3,000,000, un-
less circumstances have transpired which look to
war? Why the necessity of this extraordinary
estimate, if there is not something of war con-
nected with it?
Mr. QUITMAN. The question is very readily
answered. Something has occurred, and is oc-
curring every day, in this progressive world,
improvements m fire-arms are being made from
day to day. There never was a period within
fifty years in which improvements in arts have
so rapidly advanced as now.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would inquire whether
the Secretary of War is not now authorized to
adopt new improvements, and whether he does
riot adopt them without special direction of the
House ?
Mr. QUITMAN. I will reply, frankly, that I
believe the Secretary is so authorized; but he
informs you m his letter that he has come to the
conclusion these changes should be more rapidly
made than heretofore. There must be a point of
time for arriving at such conclusion. In this in-
stance it may have been suggested by the possi-
bility, even remote, of war.
The Secretary states that it was not taken into
consideiation in making the annual estimates. It
is, therefore, inferable that the policy suggested in
the letter arose in his mind subsequently. It was
natural that it should do so whenever adistant pos-
sibility of difficulty with any foreign Power arose.
There is no special reason assigncdin the message.
Had the President desired this appropriation in
consequence of serious apprehensions of a war,
I believe he would Have so stated, as I think it
would have been his duty to have done. The
gentleman from Ohio knows—as every member
of this House knows—that both the British and
American papers commented freely upon the
possibility of some disturbance of our peaceful
relations with Great Britain, in consequence of
the reported interruption of friendly relations be-
tween the British Minister and Mr. Buchanan.
Without regarding the issue of war as at all
probable, I myself, as a member of the Military
Committee, had determined to inquire into the
state of our defenses. Some anxiety on this
subject must have arisen iiT the mind of every
person, however indirectly concerned in them.
It was not that war was even probable, but barely
possible. The very prospect of the pacification
of Europe, while the two great Powers, England
and France, were in arms, sending their strong
fleets to the West Indies, furnish abundant cause
for us to be looking to our military defenses. We
know that it has even been officially intimated
that they might be disposed to extend their arro-
gant superintendence over the affairs of America.
In all this it seems to me there is sufficient cause
for the Executive to propose a more rapid ad-
vance than is otherwise usual in preparing our
military defenses.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from
Mississippi will permit me, I will say that there
arc always, and at all times, possibilities of war.
The point to which I wish to direct his attention
is this: is there any stronger probability now,
of which he is informed, of a war between this
country and Great Britain, or any other eountiv,
than there was at the time when the annual esti-
mates were laid upon our tables'1 It is important
that we should be informed upon this subject—
that we should know what has occurred withm
the last ninety days to render it necessary and
proper that ^>3,000,000 should be appropriated
for the purchase of arms. Now, if he knows of
any probability—I admit that there is always a
possibility—of war, let him inform us.
Mr. QUITMAN. I have never been in the
habit of making any nice distinctions between the
different grades of probabilities. 1 will say to
the gentleman from Ohio, that probably there is a
little increased possibility, and a little more like-
lihood of a war, at least if we are to depend on
common rumor. What the views of the Admin-
istration arc, I am not informed, nor do I feel
authorized to speak m relation to them. But, sir,
this message, and the purposes for which it has
been presented, strike mc as so natural, that as a
member of this House, and not chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, I should have felt
it my duty, if the Secretary of War had not pre-
sented this document, to rise m my place and
present similar suggestions. Reasoning thus upon
the matter, I have expressed my views, and leave
to the gentleman himself, and to other members
of this House, to determine for themselves
whether there is an increased possibility—or I
may say probability—of war, originating from the
circumstances which have reached our car from
common rumor. I, myself, at the same time,
judging from what has appeared to be the policy
of England for the last few years, do not believe
that she is disposed to provoke a war with the
United States. But one of the means to prevent .
hostilities is to put ourselves m a state of readi- j
ness to meet such exigency.
Denying, then, that there is anything in this
message which should alarm even the most timid,
I would have supposed the honorable gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. H. Marshall] to be the
last man in the House to have any fears, or to
have been disturbed by a mere application to the
House for an appropriation for the purposes set
forth in it. It is submitted to the sense of the
House, whether such an appropriation should be
made, or what amount should be supplied for
those purposes.
It is not necessary, then, in my opinion, that
this subject should be sent to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. On
the contrary, I believe such a reference would
produce an unnecessary alarm, which I am sure
the honorable gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
H. Marshall,] whom I have been accustomed to
regard as not nervous, but rather possessing the
stern spirit of a warrior, would not be willing to
encourage. Yet, if this House should adopt his
reference, for the reasons he offers, such would be
the effect of this unoffending message. I hope,
therefore, it will be sent to the Committee on
Military Affairs, because the matter presented to
this House by the President—the questions of the
propriety of effecting a more rapid change in the
kind of arms now in use, the supply of additional
munitions, ammunition, and accouterments, the
increase of the force at our armories and arsenals,
and the kind of changes to be made in our arms—
belongs most properly to that committee.
Having thus, Mr. Speaker, attempted to show -
that the subject-matter of this message should not
be referred to the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union, and the propriety of
referring it to the Military Committee, I will
briefly state the reasons why, in my opinion, it
should not go to the Committee of Ways and
Means. That committee, if I understand its
functions aright, is constituted to determine upon
the reasonableness of estimates and proposed
expenditures made under existing laws, and upon
the ability of the Treasury to meet them. Their
functions do not extend to new plans, changes, or
improvements in any but the financial Depart-
ment of the Government. Were their duties as ex-
tensive as is contended by some gentlemen, every
subject which requires an expenditure of.money,
constituting nearly all the legislation of Congress,
would devolve on that committee. Scarcely a
resolution, a proposition, or a bill is presented
which does not contemplate some expenditure.
E\ery matter of that character, whether affecting
the naval or military service, the post office and
post roads, the public lands, railroads, or jjen-
sions, would, according to this construction, be
thrown on that committee. It would almost be
unnecessary to have any other standing committee.
The very proposition to refer this matter to that
committee has led to a long debate, m which it
plainly appears that, under the ideas of the ex-
tensive powers or duties of that committee, irrele-
vant subjects have been committed to them, upon
which, when inquired into, they could not act.
I am not familiar with the history of that com-
mittee in times past, and do not feel disposed, if
I had the information, to look back, as some of
my friends are disposed to do, with too much
veneration to past precedents, or to dwell too long
upon that which has been left behind us m our
career of progress. I belong to that class of men
who look forward rather than backward.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, 1 have no wish but
that this matter shall lie referred to the proper
committee; and have only claimed its reference to
the committee of which I am chairman because I
believed it the proper place for its consideration.
Mr. STEPHENS. I think the House has
spent sufficient time in the contest between the
Committee of Ways and Means and the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. The objects embraced
in the message arc certainly military, or at least
relate to military affairs. I believe, therefore, that
the Military Committee should take the message
and icport to the House on the subject. If it be
a war message, that, of course, is the committee
to which it should go. I do not undertake to
say whether it is a war messnge or not, nor do I
express any opinion at all on its merits. I myself
prefer that the Military Committee should take
the matter and report to the House; and, believing
that we have consumed time enough on the subject,
and that the Committee on Military Affairs is
the appropriate committee, I call for the previous
question?
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia to withdraw the call for the previous
question.
Mr. STEPHENS. My object in moving the
previous question was to come to a vote; but I
withdraw the call.
Mr. FAULKNER. It is very natural, Mr.
Speaker, that the House should exhibit some
impatience at so protracted a discussion upon the
mere inquiry as to which of its committees this
special message of the President should be re-
ferred. And yet, notwithstanding the extent to
which your patience has been tested, I trust from
my past and present relations to the Committee
