THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, MAY 22, 185G.
New Series. .. .No. 79.
fact. I have, as a member of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, a bill for the relief of the widows
and orphans of officers, seamen, and marines, of
the United States sloop of war Albany and brig
Porpoise. This bill I have had in my desk a
number of weeks, ready to report it, if I could
get an opportunity to do so. There were lost in
the Albany one hundred and ninety-three persons;
there were lost in the Porpoise about seventy;
and with all their numerous friends—the widows
and orphans, the fathers, brothers, and sisters—
this House may form some opinion of the number
of letters addressed to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, inquiring why they had not reported that
bill, and why there was not some action taken
upon it? And I have had to state, in answer,
that, under the rules of the House, I could not
get an opportunity to report it. I now ask the
House to add to the order about to be made, a
clause making it applicable to the standing com-
mittees, that they may be enabled to do their duty
to the claimants—have their bills put upon the
Calendar, not for passage, but to have them placed
where they can be reached some time during this
session, or the existence of this Congress. The
amendment which I propose is as follows:
That it shall be the duty of the Speaker of the House of
Representatives to call the committees of the House on
Friday morning of each week, one hour, in preference to
all other business, for reports on private claims.
The SPEAKER. The amendment can be re-
ceived only by unanimous consent.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to that; and I will
state to the gentlemanmy reason. Every Friday
the Committee on Public Lands come first.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The 29th rule
of the House provides that Friday and Saturday
in each week shall be set apart for the consid-
eration of private bills and private business, in
preference to any other, unless otherwise directed
by a majority of the House. Now, sir, a ma-
jority has the right to decide every Friday and
every Saturday what class of private business
the House will first consider—whether they shall
take up the private bills on the Speaker's table,
or whether they will receive reports from com-
mittees relating to private business, or whether
they will go into Committee of the Whole House
to consider the bills and other business on the
Private Calendar. This rule, which sets apart
Friday and Saturday of each week for the con-
sideration of private bills and business, does not
give any one class of private business or the
business in any one stage of progress, preference
over any other. It is true that a majority of the
House may determine to go to general business;
may determine to resolve itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; but, sir,
it is competent to a bare majority of the House,
to the exclusion of all other business, to call on
committees for reports on private claims. It is
also competent for a majority to determine to take
up the private bills or other business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. STEPHENS. As the gentleman from
Tennessee is now dwelling on an important point
in this controversy, I ask him by what rule of
the House a majority on Friday can.ordev a call
for reports from the Committee of Claims ?
Mr. JONES. The rule which I read—the
29th rule.
Mr. STEPHENS. That rule only provides
that on that day the House shall attend to pri-
vate business under the rules of the House. The
first thing, then, is bills.on the Speaker's table;
and after that we go into a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. JONES. No, sir.
Mr. STEPHENS. Yes, sir; but the commit-
tees of the House cannot be called except under
the general rule for calling them.
Mr. JONES. Is not the business of the morn-
ing hour the first business on every day ?
Mr. STEPHENS. No, sir; under the 29th rule
the morning hour for calling on committees for
reports is superseded by private bills on private
bill day.
79
Mr. JONES. And private business. But taking
the gentleman's position that it is first in order to
go to the business on the Speaker's table: that is
not the rule. Under the rules of the House you
cannot go to the business on the Speaker's} table
until you have appropriated one hour to a call on
the committers for reports.
Mr. STEPHENS. The universal practice has
been to consume the morning hour on private bill
days in acting on the private business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES. By unanimous consent.
Mr. STEPHENS. Ngtatall; but under the
rule of the House which appropriates Fridays and
Saturdays to the consideration of private bills,
the committees are not called for reports during
the morning hour.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman said those days
arc appropriated to private bills under the rules
of the House, but the rules of the House require
that you shall call on committees for reports for
one hour. For what purpose on Fridays and
Saturdays? For reports 011 private claims. Then,
sir, when you have been one hour at that busi-
ness, the motion can be made to go to the business
on the Speaker's table. For what put pose r For
general purposes, if a majority of the House say
so; but if a majority say for taking up private
bills, then for that purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS. There is 110 rule which
allows the Committee of Claims to be called,
other than in its order.
Mr. JONES. 1 know that there is no rule
which says that the Committee of Claims can
be called out of order; but I say the 29th rule sets
apart every Friday and Saturday for the consid-
eration of private bills and private business, unless
the majority shall otherwise order. Why is it
that you have not called on committees for reports
on private claims on Fridays and Saturdays ?
Because in your general call on committees they
are called in order; they make their reports; and
those on private claims are referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole'House on the Private Cal-
endar, and the great object 011 private bill days is
to get into committee, take up the private bills, and
get them back to the House. This day two weeks
was objection day in committee, and a great many
bills were got before the House. Some of them
are now on the table. I say that they are the
first thing in order; but still a majority of this
House may say that on this day they will have
the committees called for private business, or they
will take the private business from the Speaker s
table, or they will go into Committee of the
Whole House, and consider private bills. The
rule merely sots apart two dayn of each week for
the consideration of business of a private char-
acter, leaving it to the majority of the House, as
I think, to determine which class of that business
they will first proceed with.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question 011 the adoption of the resolu-
tions.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine ?
Mr. EDIE and others objected.
Mr. BRENTON. I object to the resolutions
unless the amendment, or something like it, bo
adopted.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too late.
Mr. BENSON. Is it in order to move that the
subject be postponed until Monday next, when
the rules may be suspended >
The SPEAKER. It is not; the previous ques-
tion has been called.
Mr. BENSON. Then I hope that the call for
the previous question will be voted down.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
.The question was then taken upon Mr. Ritch-
ie's resolutions; and they were agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Haven's
motion, that the bills bo referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and placed upon the Private
Calendar.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 will withdraw that motion,
and move to refer them to the Committee of
Claims.
The SPEAKER. They will be so referred
under the rule which the House has just adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolutions were
adopted, and also moved to lay the motion to re«
consider upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole for the
purpose of taking up the Private Calendar. I will
state that there is a manifest justice m going into
the Committee of the Whole to-day, because on
the first and fourth Fridays a single objection is
sufficient to throw a bill over. There are bills
now upon the. Private Calendar which were not
reported to the House when it was last in com-
mittee, because of objections made upon that day.
Mr. STEPHENS. Let us first.dispose of somes
bills which are upon the Speaker's table, which
were reported from a Committee of the Whole
House a week or two since.
The SPEAKER, The Chair asks leave to
present adverse reports from the Court of Claims.
Under the statute, the order is, that they shall bo
plaeed upon the Calendar, and printed. If there
is no objection, that order will lie made.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
Mr. WALKER. 1 insist now upon my mo-
tion .
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for tho
regular order of business, and I make the point
of order that the order of business on Fridays is
the call of committees for reports upon private
claims. The question has been discussed, and
may as well, as a matter of practice, be decided
now as at any other time. In my opinion, the
usage of tho ilouse heretofore has been errone-
ous, and the true rule is the one contended fo 
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
I ask the decision of the Chair upon the point.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I appeal to my
colleague to withdraw his point, because he is
aware that, tinder the decision of the Chair when
the House was last in Committee of the Whole,
many bills which wore objected to, and to which
the objectors wished to withdraw their objections,
were not reported to the House, and were left
upon the Calendar, when in fact there was 110 ob-
jection to them.
Mr. WASHBURN. Is this objection day ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WASHBURN. Well, I will withdraw
my point for the present.
Mr. Walker's motion was then agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Wash-
burn, of Maine, in tho chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the bills upon the Private
Calendar.
WILLIAM M. F. MAGRAW.
The first bill upon the Calendar was a bill (H.
R. No. 186) for the-relief of William M. F. Ma-
graw, contractor for carrying the mails on route
No. 8911, from Independence, Missouri, to Salt
Lal'e, in Utah Territory.
It provides that, in consideration of Indian
disturbances, and of the consequent increased ex-
penses and difficulties of carrying the mails along
the route No. 8911, from Independence to Salt
Lake, the Postmaster General is authorized and
required to allow and pay to William M. F. -Ma-
graw, contractor for the mail service aforesaid,
$36,000, for the year ending August 18, 1856;
which allowance shall be in lieu of the present
contract price for said service, and shall be paid
out of the Treasury. And 'liat the Secretary of the
Treasury pay out of the Treasury to William M.
F. Magraw §17,750 as full indemnity for -his
claim for property stolen and destroyed by the
Indians, as included in his account filed with the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs. And that the
contract heretofore entered into by William M. F.
Magraw, for the transportation of the mails on
said route, be, with the assent of said Magraw,
