.1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 16,
annulled from and after August 18,1856; and that
fth<rPostmaster General be authorized and required
to let said contract for the term of four years from
said day, and to advertise for proposals therefor.
"J The memorialist is the contractor for carrying
the'mail on route No. 8911, from Independence,
Missouri, to Salt Lake-, Utah. The service was
commenced in July, 1$54, and the contract price
was $14,440 per annum. This rate of compen-
sation was fixed when the Indians living on the
route-were at peace, and when there was no rea-
son to appyehend that disturbances would arise.
Soon, after the commencement of the service
the In4i^ns became hostile, rendering it difficult
and dangerous t,o transport the mails, and greatly
increasing the expenditures necessary for that
purpose. The Postmaster General could afford
no relief from the unexpected hardships of the
contract. Application was, therefore, made to
Congress in December, 1854, and by a clause in
the Post Office appropriation bill of that session
th,e, compensation for the service on this mail-
route was. raided to §36,000 for one year, from
August 18,1854, with the proviso that the Post-
master General (the memorialist consenting)
should have power to annul the contract.
During the year for which provision was thus
made, the Jjndian difficulties continued to increase,
insopnuch that, on the 18th of September, 1855,
General Harney ordered all the trading-posts to
be withdrawn from the Indian country. Most of
them had been previously abandoned, and the
change was necessarily disastrous to the mail
contractor.
In consequence of the state of facts which pro-
duced this order, and in advance of the expira-
tion of the year for which the appropriation of
$36,000 was made, the memorialist urged the
Postmaster General to act upon the proviso con-
tained in the law, and to release him from the
further performance of the contract. The De-
partment, deeming the service of great importance
to the country, declined to rescind the contract,
but insisted upon holding the memorialist to per-
form it, notwithstanding the hardships and ruinous
losses consequent upon the failure of the Govern-
ment to suppress the Indian disturbances, leaving
him to seek icJief in Congiess, where alone, tic-
cording to the views of tlio Department, it could
be afforded.
Since the 18th of August last, the memorialist
has continued to carry the mails at a cost much
greater than that of the preceding year. In his
former application to*Congress he had submitted
an estimate, showing the actual cost of the ser-
vice to be not less than forty-one thousand eight
hundred dollars, without any allowance for pay
of n«ent.*«, or for his own personal services, and
for the use of his capital. Tins estimate was
reduced to $30,000, as already stated; that being
the whole compensation allowed for the year
ending the 18th August last.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House.
WEST DRINKWATER AND OTHERS.
The bill next upon the Calendar was a bill (li.
It. No. 205) for the relief of West Drinkwater and
others. It authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to West Drinkwater, Kings-
bury Duncan, Jonathan Clark, Samuel Duncan,
and John Duncan, or to such persons as may be
legally authorized to receive the same, as their
heirs or legal representatives, §33,213 17, that
being the amount paid into the Treasury of the
United States, and placed to the account of fines,
penalties, and forfeitures, in consequence of a suit,
the United States vs. sloop Mary and cargo, in
the district court of Maine, January and April,
1815s the said sloop having been captured by the
aforesaid named persons from the British, and
delivered to the proper authorities of the United
States in the State of Maine; said sum to be paid
to the several persons hereinbefore named, or to
their heirs or legal representatives, in equal parts.
The Committee of Claims reported an amend-
ment, as follows:
Provided, That if the Secretary of the Treasury shall bo
satisfied, from the rccords of the distuhution heretofore
made, that Noah Miller, commauder ot the boat that cap-
tured the aaid British sloop Mary, has not alieady received
liis le^al relative f>hare of said piize, then the hens or legal
representatives of said Miller shall receive such additional
mun fiom the Secretary of the Trea&uiy as will make the
whole distribution—adding that heretofore made to that now
made among the captain and crew above mentioned, in
compliance with the4W of 1000, entitled "An act for the
better government of the Nd-vy."
The report was read. It appears, from the
evidence submitted to the committee, that Noah
Miller, as captain, and West Drinkwater, XCings-
bury Duncan, Jonathan Clark, Samuel Duncan,
and John Duncan, Jr., as boat's crew, all of
Northport, Maine, capiured the British sloop
Mary, on the morning of 14th of November, 1814,
in Penobscot bay, and carried her into Camden;
said sloop was from Halifax, bound to Castine,
and was laden with a valuable cargo of clothing
and other supplies for the British troops then
occupying that place, and was within five or six
miles of her destination when taken. Her captors
were offered <£10,000 for her ransom, which they
refused.
Upon the arrival of said sloop at Camden, she
was seized by the United States revenue officers,
and, together with hey cargo, decreed, forfeited,
and confiscated to the United States, and was sold
at auction, by order of the United States court, for
$69,790 64. It will be seen, on examination of the
report of T. L. Smith, Register of the Treasury,
that the expenses attending the confiscation and
both sales were $3,364 31, leaving the net pro-
ceeds of both sales §66,426 34. one-half of which
($33,213 IT) was paid by Josiah Hook, collcctor
of Penobscot district, into the Treasury of the
United States in the year 1815. The other moiety
was divided as follows: Josiah Hook, $14,106 58;
Noah Miller, $14,106 58; and the boat's crew—
the petitioners m this case—received but$l,U00
each, although they were promised by Miller
equal shares with himself, in any and all prizes
which they might take, as is abundantly proved
by the affidavits of the petitioners and other per-
sons.
The petitioners ask that the moiety, which was
paid into the United States Treasury more than
forty years ago, be now refunded to them.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, if became
my duty, during the last Congress, as a member
of the Committee on Commerce, to make a report
upon this bill, or rather upon this claim. The
claim was then referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and that committee unanimously in-
structed me to make an adverse report upon it.
1 desire, therefore—or rather 1 do not so niach
desire as I feel it my duty, as no other g( ntleman
of the House seems to have any familiar acquaint-
ance with the facts of the case—to make such a
statement of this chum as will, 1 think, induce a
very general concurrence of opinion, that it is
one that not only ought not to be passed, but
that ought scarcely to be considered.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. This bill will give
rise to some debate; and as several bills have been
laid aside to be reported to the House, which will
consume the balance of the day, I will move, if
the gentleman from Virginia will yield for that
purpose, that the committee do now rise.
Mr. MILT,SON. I should be happy, indeed,
to be saved the necessity of making a public
exposure of this case. If the committee will 1
read the report made in the case of Noah Miller,
1 think it would supersede the necessity for any
discussion of the case. I will, however, if the
House think proper, yield for the motion that
the committee rise.
Mr. BENSON. We have only laid aside one
bill to bo reported to the House. It seems to
me that this bill ought to be debated to-day. It
will not take a great while. My colleague, [Mr.
Knowlton,] who reported the bill, is familiar
with the facts, and I hope the debate will be
allowed to go on.
Mr. Cobb's motion was agreed to.
"W. M. F. MAGRAW AGAIN.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole House
had had the Private Calendar under considera-
tion, and particularly a bill for the relief W. M.
P. Magraw, contractor for carrying the mail on
route No. 8911, from Independence, Missouri,
to Salt Lake, Utah Territory, and had directed
him to report the same back to the House with-
out amendment, and with a recommendation that
it do pass.
^ Mr. PHELPS. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon that bill.
Mr. SNEED. Three weeks ago the Commit-
tee of the Whole reported various bills to the
House without objection.
Mr. PHELPS. They will come up after-
wards.
Mr. SNEED. I make the point of order that
the first bill reported by the Committee of the'
W^iole House, when last in session, is now the
first business in order, and that precedence of it
cannot be obtained in this way for a bill lower
down on the Calendar, by going into Committee
of the Whole and reporting it.
The SPEAKER. The report being made from
the Committee of the Whole, that has just risen,
the only subject before the House for its imme-
diate action is the bill reported by that committee.
Mr. SNEED. Two or three weeks ago the
Committee of the Whole reported sundry other
bills.
The SPEAKER. Those bills maybe depend-
ing before the House, but not for its immediate
action.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The bills reported
two weeks ago wont to the Speaker's table by the
adjournment.
Mr. SNEED. They ought to come up.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed,and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly road the third time and passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURETIES OF ROBERT KING, DECEASED.
Mr. SNEED. I now move to take up the bills
on tfic Speaker's tabic which were reported from
the Committee of the Whole House, in the order
in which they were reported.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly proceeded to consider a bill (PI. R. No.
135) for the relief of the representatives and sure-
ties of Robert King, deceased, reported from the
Committee of the Whole House, with an amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. WELLS. I think there is a mistake. 1
believe a bill for the relief of Anson Dart was
reported before that one.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir; this bill
was under consideration and I yielded the floor
for a motion to adjourn, and of course it is now
the first bill to be considered.
Mr. Speaker, in*ihe remarks which I submitted
upon this bill two weeks ago, I endeavored to
show the great principle involved in it. I stated
that pension agents from 1836 to 1847 received
their appointments and discharged their duties
under an express provision of law that they
should have no compensation, unless authorized
by Congress; and that, during that time, Congress
and the officers of the Government recognized the
right of these pension agents to use the money
in their hands, and they were not responsible for
any profits derived from its use, provided they
were prepared to pay pensions when applied for.
There may have been some exceptions to that
rule.
But this bill, if it passes, or a general bill, if
such a one should pass, should be so amended as
to provide that in no case should a pension agent
be allowed this two per cent., or any other com-
pensation,unless such pension agent can establish
the fact that he did not use the money of the Gov-
ernment for^iis private profit during that period
of service for which he is now asking compensa-
tion. Sir, if they used the money of the Govern-
ment, loaned it at interest, used it in dealing in
exchange, used it in discounting bills of exchange,
or in buying promissory notes, and shaving paper
in the country where they lived, then, under those
circumstances, they should not be made benefi-
ciaries of an act of Congress passed at this day.
By the act of 1846 it is declared to be a penal
offense for any person, having the custody or
charge of the public money of the country, to
loan it, with or without interest; and from that
time forward the laws have provided compensa-
tion to pension agents of two per cent, for ser-
vices in keeping and paying out money to pen-
sioners in the districts, where they were located.
Then, sir, it is not known exactly what amount
will be taken out of the Treasury by a general
bill of this kind. It is true, this is only a bill pro-
