1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-mi
viding- for the relief of the sureties of Robert
King, who was a pension agent, but who is now
deceased. in many cases during the time the agent
was some employe or officer of a bank, and the
bankgotthe beneiitof the money and used it, when
it was not required to pay pensions with. And
in that way, in many instances they made much
more than two per cent, upon the whole money
which would be in their hands during the year.
But, sir, for the information of the House as to
the probable amount which will be required to
pay all the eases of this character, if Congress
should determine to pay them, I will send to the
Clerk's desk, and have read, a letter from the
Commissioner of Pensions.
The letter from the Commissioner of Pensions
was read, as follows:
Pension Office, JlprilA, 1856.
Sir : I have to acknowledge tiie receipt of your note of
the 1st instant, relative to a piopo?cd law providing for
compensation to agents for paying pensions prior 10 1847,
and requesting information ot the views of this office in
lelauon to the propriety of such a law, and the probable
amount which would be icquired for such compensation.
In reply, I would state—
I piesume the peiiod of time during which such compen-
sation to the agents is contemplated by the proposed law
you refer to, is from 1836 to 1817. Puor to 183G pensions
were paid principally by the United States Bank. There
were some other agents appointed by the Secretary of War,-
then having charge of pensions. By the act of April 20,
1836, the law authorizing the United States Bank to make
such payments was repealed, and the Secretary of Wai
was authorized to appointpeisons or coiporations as agents
to pay pensions, with the proviso that a no compensation
or allowance should be made to such persons or corpora-
tions for making such payments, without authority by law.'"
No piovision was subsequently made for such compensa-
tion. The reason probabl> was, because in most instances
the agents appointed 111 pursuance of that act iiad laige
sums of money in their hands which they could Ufe with-
out restraint, provided fhey weie icady to pay
when called for. In many instances banking institutions
were the real agents and perfoimed the business, some
officer or other party, by auangement with them, being the
nominal agent. This was done with the lull undertaruhng
that no compensation was provided for that business, and
without the expectation of any, except what was had from
the use of the money in their hands, which wassatisfactoiy.
There were, however, other cases of agents appointed be-
foie the passage of the act of April 20, 183d, and some
afterwards, who probably were not in a situation to derive
smell benefit from the use of the moneys m their hands,
and who probably were induced to accept and continue in
the agcncies 1'iom the expectation that some provision
would be made for a reasonable compensation to them—an
expectation hi some instances encouiaged by the Depart-
ment in order to retain them in the service.
With regard to the first class, I do not see upon what
ground they can now reasonably ask tor compensation.
Theie seems to be no equitable claim for any. But as to
the other class, there seems to be a just claim for a reason-
able compensation, both because their services were bene-
ficial, and because they probably were mduccd to discharge
them with the expectation that such compensation would
be made.
In 1847, when the agents of the act of August C, 184G, wore
prevented fiom any u&e of the funds m their hands, piovis-
lon was made lor a compensation to them; but that was
prospective only.
I have not now the information to advise you in winch
of the classes above mentioned particular agents would
come. The majority, 1 presume, were of the fir-t class,
gome few days since a bill before the Committee on Pensions
in the Senate, having a provision relative to this matter, was
referred to me for some information from this otlke. Among
the accompanying papers was a printed leport of some pro-
ceedmgshad in the Senate at some foimersession,contain-
ing some data on this point. Those papcis have been re-
turned by me- If you desiie, you can, I presume, on
application to a member of that committee, obtain them for
examination.
I have delayed this answer for the purpose of obtaining j
the amount of the payments made by the agents during the
period from 1836 to 1847. I find, however, that to ascertain
with precision would require a lengthy examination at the
Treasury; and, therefoie, to avoid further delay, state an
estimate only. I think the whole amount exceeded twenty-
five million dollars. A compensation of two percent, to all
the agents oi both classes above mentioned would therefore
require $500,000.
The above estimate is made from minutes obtained from
Ihe Register of the Treasury of the requisitions made for
funds to pay pensions ftom 1836 to 1847, and therefoie is,
probably, near correctness.
I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,
J. MJNOT, Commissioner.
Hen. George W. Jones, House of Representatives.
Mr. JONES. It appears from this letter, as the
opinion of the Commissioner, that there are two
classes of these pension agents—that is, that some
of them did use the money placed in their hands,
and that there may be some who did not; and
that he can see no ground on which those who
used it should receive compensation now. Thus,
sir, it would be necessary, if this were a general
law, to insert the proviso which I suggested, that
no one should reccive this compensation unless
he should satisfactorily establish the fact that he
had not used the money in his private business.
It also appears, from that letter, that there was
some $25,000,000 distributed by pension agents
from 1836 to 1847, and that the compensation, at
two per cent, on that amount, would be $500,000.
But, sir, this is a private bill for the relief of the
sureties of Robert King,afornierpension agentin
Knoxville, Tennessee. The facts, as alleged in
this case, are—as I understand them—that Mr.
King, while agent, regularly made his returns, and
in making these returns he generally, if not uni-
versally, deducted the two per cent, which he
claimed as his compensation; that the accounting
officers of the Government received his accounts
in that way, and that when ho finally vacated .the
office—by death or otherwise—the amount of
two per cent, on the distributions which he made
appeared as a balance against him on the books
of the Treasury, that that is the balance for which
the suit is now brought; and that his sureties
knew nothing of it for years afterwards.
Now, sir, under the impie&sion that that is
the state of facts, and not being willing to hold
any person responsible for the errors, or neglect,
or failure, on the part of the Government of the
United States, through its officers, to do its duty,
I am willing that the sureties of Mr. King shall
be released. Andlct hiscase,then, comein,sofar
as his heirs may be interested in getting this
money, under some general law, if one shall be
passed. For that purpose I will offer the follow-
ing amendment in lieu of the bill and amendment
recommended by the Committee of the "Whole
House:
Strike out all after the cnacting clause, and insert, as fol-
lows :
That the district attorney of the United States for the
distnct of East Tennessee be authorized, and he is heieby
directed, to di^mi^s the suit by him instituted m favor of
the United States, on the official bond agniusf the suieties
of the late Robert lving, foimerpeiu^ion agent at Knoxville,
Tennessee, and that the elaun of the United States, founded
on said bond, and sought to be enfjiccd m said suit against
the said suieties, be, and the same is hereby, released and
discharged.
This, sir, is intended to release the sureties.
The Government, it is alleged, has permitted
these accounts to remain for a number of years;
and now it has called upon the sureties, who had
no knowledge, during all that time, that there was
any such claim existing against them as the
sureties of that agent. The estate of the late
agent has been administered and distributed—
some of the sureties have died. Their estates
have been administered and distributed; and there
is, perhaps, but one now remaining against whom
the suit is prosecuted.
This amendment will release the sureties of
the debt standing against them on the books of
the Treasury.
Mr. SNEED. Insert the representatives.
Mr. JONES. No; I do not want to put in the
representatives.
Mr. SNEED. I do not think that a solitary
member of this House, understanding the facts
of the ease, would object to this bill. I believe
now that my colleague—rigid as he is in his
guardianship of the Treasury—will withdrawhis
opposition when he comes to understand all the
fuels of the case. Whatever may be the objec-
tions in reference to the class of cases of which
my colleague speaks, there can certainly be no
such objections existing in this particular case.
Rut first, as to the class of cases. I maintain,
Mr. Speaker, that this Government has no right
to the services of its citizens without paying a
just compensation for those services; and that
this Government has never, by act of Congress
or otherwise, sought to receive the services of its
citizens without compensation.
A detail of the facts, Mr. Speaker, is the best
argument that can be made in this case. In 1836,
or previously to 1836, these pension agents were
paid by the Bank of the United States; and the
Bank of the United States was amply compen-
sated by the deposit of the public money in its
vaults, and the use of that public money.
In 1836, when the deposits were removed,
Congress passed the following act:
"Be iienaded by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, 4-c.f That all laws and park- of laws authorizing or
requiring the bank of the United States, or its branches, to
pay any pensions granted under the authority of the United
Suites,* shall be and the same aie hereby repealed; and such
payments shall be hereafter made at such times and places,
by such poisons or coipoiations, or under such regula-
tions, as the Secretary of War may direct; but no compen-
sation or allowance shall be made to such persons or
corporations for making such paytuentswitfrout authority
of law." • ' ' . ' '
That law distinctly implied, I thinks that Con-
gress would make an appropriation -to pay ;t^ose
agents. The whole office of the-acfc, aftertstaftg
away the power of the Bank of the United'States,
to make these disbursements, was to prohibit the
Secretary of War from making this compensation
and to reserve that right to make compensation,,
to Congress. It promised that Congress' would
make that compensation. Mr. King, than- whom
the Government never had a better officer, seeing1
that act, and indifferent to the retention of his
office, promptly gave in his resignation. In addi-
tion to the implied promise of Congress, the Com-
missioner of Pensions wrote to this particular
officer and urged him to retain his office; promising
him the usual compensation allowed to the Bank
of the United States. The distinguished Senator
from Michigan, General Cass, then Secretary of
War, as he subsequently stated inaspcechm the
Senate, promised that these commissioners should
be paid. Mr. Polk, when President of the United
States, recommended to Congress that they should
be paid. Every Secretary of War has, in turn,
recommended the payment. Every Commissioner
of Pensions has recommended that they should
be paid. These are facts to be found in the offi-
cial documents. They were placed before the
Judicary Committee beforfr that committee recom-
mended the passage of the bill. They are now
on the Speaker's tabic. #
In addition to all that, and which mdkeS^tms
case stand out in bold relief—isolated from the
class of which my colleague speaks-—was com-
missioner, who resigned in 183C, was induced to
continue in his office by the persuasion of the
President of the United States and the Secretary
of War, and he did continue in it until 1842,
making his returns according to the laws of Con-
gress, and retaining in his account the two per
cent. I beg the attention of the committee to the
fact, that the two per cent, was retained in the
account. In 1842, after he had rendered his ac-
count, he died. The accounting officers had not,
as perhaps they could not have been expected to
have, notified him that his two per cent, wag dis-"
allowed. The bill is for the relief of his sureties.
His executor is dead, and his estate is aistrib-
utocl. This suit is against the only surety,
to pay the demand of which would prostrate him,
even if the Government shall afterwards refund
him the money; and this? too, when the officers
of the Government—the Commissioner of Pen-
sions and the Secretary of War—'toll us that t-lus
man ought to be paid. j
I care nothing about the amendment of the Ju-
diciary Committee. I think it ought not. to be
incorporated. The two per cent, is all that these
sureties and representatives claim, with the ex-
ception of some thirty or forty dollars for expenses
incurred, and a small item of double credit of
twenty dollars. I make no war on that, lam
willing to take it as the Judiciary Committee
reported it. I now call for the previous ques-
tion. .
The previous question was seconded, and. the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was taken c n the amendment of
the Committee on the Judiciary, audit was agreed
to, as follows:
Provided, however. That the accounting officer of the
Treasuiy shall first adjust the accounts ot Kobert lung as
pension agent, allowing to the defendants for htm two per
cent, on the moneys paid out by him for all the time he
acted as such agent, and for which he was never allowed;
and that the defendants shall have first paid the balance, if
any, which may be found due to the United btates.
The question recurred on Mr. Jones's substi-
tute.
Mr. SNEED. I hope the amendment of my
colleague will not be adopted. It wiU make the
heirs responsible at the distance of twenty years.
The House was divided on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 34, noes 50.
Mr. STEPHENS called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Sasdidgk
and Sapp were appointed.
Mr. LETCHER. If there is no quorunr voting
now, will this matter come up as the first busi-
ness in order on Monday ? "
The SPEAKER. It will, as the previous ques-
tion lias been ordered. T „
The question was then put; and the tellers
reported—ayes 37, noes 44, no -quorum voting.
