1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
515
34th Cong.... 1st Skss.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
preservation of order, the great objects of human
governments, art? not even alluded to by the com-
mittee as reasons for congressional interposi-
tion, nor i  the necessity of le®al organisation
for any  m-h purposes sought to oe derived from
anv express srrant of power. There are those,
and Judge McLean is among them, who, while
they deny the authority to establish territorial
governments, as directly included in the power
to dispose of and regulate the public land, yet
derive it as an incident from that provision, because
the establishment of order among the emigrants
would facilitate the sale and settlement of the
land. Mr. Rhctt also maintained that doctrine
in the House of Representatives. But the com-
mittee, while claiming the same power, do not
attempt to show in what manner it is an incident,
or, in other words, how its exercise is necessary
and proper to the exertion of the right to admit
new States. They say, indeed, that the organ-
ization of a Territory is necessary and proper, as
a means of enabling the people thereof to form
and mold their institutions, but there they stop.
What bearing this work of forming and motding
has upon the act of admission, so as to render it
a just incident of that great power, we may in
vain search the report to discover. j
The doctrine is repeated, though in somewhat j
different language, in another part of the report; 1
but with the same defect in the process. We are
told that "the organic act" "must leave the people
entirely free to form and regulate their domestic
institutions and their internal concerns in their
own way," " to the end that, when they attain the
requisite population and establish a State gov-
ernment, they may be admitted into the Union,"
"on an equal footing," &c. But we are not told
how this "end," admission, is reached by the
means indicated, the regulation of internal con-
cerns; and I cannot supply this hiatus in the
argument by maintaining, that the power of Gov-
ernment may be assumed, in order, by the estab- .
lishment of law, that the prosperity of those [
remote communities may be promoted and their
population augmented with a view to their ad-
mission into the Union, because the adoption of
such a principle might lead to very fearful con-
sequences. It proceeds upon the assumption, that j
Congress may, by virtue of the power to admit j
newStates, take such measures as it may judge
best calculated to facilitate their formation, and ,
application and admission. A large discretion
would be the result of the establishment of this
doctrine, and how it might be used or abused it
were presumptuous to foretell.
The right to Occlude slavery from each Terri-
tory^ an avowed means of promoting its growth 1
and prosperity, would soon and friends and advo-
cates in Congress, and perhaps, ere long, enough
of them to make that measure a permanent one;
and as it is, the theory of the committee places
the denial of this power of exclusion upon no
very safe foundation; for it is urggd upon the
ground, that the State must be admitted into the
Union upon an equal footing with the original
States. The proposition is incontrovertible; but; j
its application to the intermediate condition of ;
territorial existence is not so clear. It would
tender all previous congressional interference
void upon the formation of a new State; all pro-
hibitions of slavery would fall before the will of >:
the people. But if the true reason for the restraint
upon the action of Congress is given by the com- i
mittee, to wit: equal admission after the fornk- 1
ation of a State constitution, it is difficult to see
how this condition of things is to operate until •
the arrival of the period of political sovereignty.
That the exercise of such an act of intermediate
authority might have the effect to encourage the
settlement of the country by a population favoring
the restriction, there can be no doubt. But the
question does not touch the effect upon emigra- jj
tion to the Territory, but upon the admission of I j
the State. If the people composing it, at the !
time of application for admission, become free
from all restraints but those imposed by the Con-
stitution upon sovereign States, then this great
principle can hardly be said to have been violated,
whatever circumstances may have preceded this
last condition. That they are thus free is main- i j
tained, and justly, by the committee, because this :j
equality is one of tne fundamental principles of ! |
our institutions. Those, who believe that civil
government is essential to the new Territories,
i and that the right of Congress to establish it—
1 the duty rather—is the result of necessity, whether
! arising from implication or otherwise, hold opin-
1 ions, which are free from this difficulty and dan-
ger, as Congress can exert its power no further
than the necessity extends, and cannot reach the
domestic relations of the people. In fact, if the
view of the committee be the true one, it is not
easy to prescribe boundaries to congressional
legislation.
I have already said, that the power to establish
these temporary governments was not claimed
by the committee as a means of securing public
order; nor, if it were so claimed, do I see what
effect such a measure could have upon the power
of admission, which does not come into oper-
ation, till the temporary organization is termin-
' ated—unless, indeed, the inadmissible one to
which I have alluded, of controlling the condition
of the country.
As to the exercise of political rights by any
! portion of the American people, as a means of
improvingtheircapacity for self-government, and
1 of fitting them for any change before them, it is
a principle of organization unknown to our insti-
tutions. Governments are not established as
schools, where "free men are to be trained,"and
"fitted to become members of our great Confed-
eracy." And nothing but an entire misapprehen-
sion of the true functions of the General Govern-
ment could lead to this fundamental error, as to
the nature of its just operation. This whole sub-
ject has been made the victim of false analogies,
instead of the object of Constitutional inquiries;
nor has the heresy been more prevalent in any
branch of the controversy, than in the derivation
of the power of government from the necessity of
political instruction. Our Territories are settled
Dy our citizens, who all their lives have enjoyed
the privilege of self-government. A man knows
as much in a Territory as in a State, and is just
as capable of discharging his political duties. He
does not pass the boundary to learn the lesson of
a freeman, but he passes it in order, by a life of
industry and enterprise, to improve his condition,
and to grow with the growth of the country.
I have said that the power of congressional
government is claimed by the committee, not
only as a means of enabling the people to form
and mold their institutions, but also as a means,
of establishing a State government, preparatory
to admission into the Union. I am here at fault ,
again, and it is as to the " necessary and proper"
connection between the institution of a govern-
ment and its avowed purpose, which is to justify
the action of Congress, namely, the establishment
of a State government. Assuming that the power
to establish States is among the granted powers
which carry " necessary and proper" incidents
with them, is the machinery of territorial govern-
ments an incident necessary to the exercise of
this power by Congress ? I confine the inquiry
to this single purpose, leaving out of view the
necessity of civil organization for the wants of
society, because the Tatter is ignored by the com-
mittee, and the former constitutes the only ground
on whichthey place this congressional right of
interposition. I repeat, is the means constitu-
tionally adapted to the end ? The postulate is,
that Congress may establish territorial govern-
ments, in order to enable the people to establish
State governments. But how ? The only means
known to our system is by the election of con-
ventions. And how are these bod ies to be elected ?
Cases have occurred, though they are the excep-
tioffs, which have been justified by the circum-
stances, in which the local authority has taken
the initiative in calling conventions. But this is
not a proceeding, which the committee would
sanction as an established one. The "means"
to which they refer is the action of Congress
authorizing the election and the convocation of a
convention. And what, then, is left to tile agency
of a territorial government in this change of
political condition ? The power to petition Con-
gress, or, instead of that measure, the power to
call upon the people to do so, either by vote or
by direct application. And this interference,
which is an assumed authority, exhausts the
whole power of these Territorial Legislatures.
And we are now brought to this inquiry, is this
intermediation, confined to this single object,
such a necessary means as to justify tne creation
of a territorial government with a jurisdiction
extending over nil the concerns of life? Why
is any intermediation necessary ? Why cannot
Congress exercise the power itself, if it possess
it, and receive the application of the people, and
then provide for the election of a convention ? Or,
why not make early and previous provision, by
which the wishes of the people can at any time
be ascertained, thus rendering any other inter-
ference, either general or local, unnecessary?
This principle was once adopted by the Con-
gress of the Confederation. It was in 1784, in
an ordinance, the predecessor of that of 1787,
and in some respects its superior, for it avoided
the contested points which nave made the latter
a subject of long and bitter controversy; such
as the articles of compact, and the want of power
to regulate governments, &c. It authorised the
people upon any Indian cession to establish tem-
porary governments for themselves; and it went
still further, indicating the course for the Con-
gress of the Constitution to take, proper, not
only in itself, but, also, if all its authority over
this subject is derived, as the committee intimates,
from a power to enable the people of a Territory
to establish a State government. That seems to
have been the opinion, in 1784, of the Congress
of the Confederation, respecting the extent of its
own authority. The ordinance provided:
" That when any such State shall have acquired twenty
thousand Tree inhabitants, on giving due proaf thereof to
Congress, they shall receive ftom them authority, with
I appointments of time and place, to call a convention of
representatives to establish a permanent constitution and
government for themselves."
If, then, Congress has the constitutional power
to enable the people of a Territory to establish a
State government, it can exert that power with-
out intermediation, and no other agency is re-
quired for that purpose. Still less is it necessary,
or constitutional — if other means are resorted
to—that they should far exceed the necessity
which can alone call them into being. If terri-
torial governments are required only as the means
of enabling the people to apply to Congress to
call a convention, how happens it that such gov-
ernments are not confined to the object cf their
institution? Judge McLean lays it down as a
principle—
" That implied powers can only be exercised in carrying
into effect a specific power; and this implication is limited
to such measures as shall be appropriate to the object.
This is an admitted and safe rule of construction. It is
believed to be the only.one which has been sanctioned by
statesmen and jurists. Powers exercised beyond this are
not derived from the Constitution, but must depend upon
unlimited discretion, and this is despotism."
This principle, in effect, receives the sanction
of the committee, who admit that the organic law,
deriving its validity from the power to admit new
States, must be exercised with reference enly to
that end, and that " beyond that point the author-
ity cannot extend." Then, sir, the constitutional
power is to admit new States. The necessary
means, forming the implied power, is an authority
to enable the people to establish a State govern-
ment; or, in other words, to form a State, by pro-
viding for the calling of a conventkin. Wnat,
then,T>ecomes of the principle of limitation laid
down by Judge McLean, and by the committtee,
that an implied power must be exercised, so far
only as is necessary to carry into effect a granted
power?—a principle by which the committee
except from the jurisdiction of Congress the sub-
ject of slavery, and which, if carried to its legiti-
mate conclusion, would except every power, but
the one which touches the convocation of a con-
vention. How, then, are all the issues of life and
death, all the social and political relations, all the
objects for which governments are instituted—
how are they brought within the jurisdiction of a
local Legislature, instituted for a single constitu-
tional purpose, and that purpose connected with
the action of the people in the formation of a
new State ? Is not this the " diffusive and ductile
interpretation " of Mr. Madison ? Does the power
to admit new States craate, in the words of Mr.
Jefferson, a necessity, "invincible by any other
means " than the complete organization of terri-
torial governments? I content myself with pro-
posing these questions asked by two of the great
