2126
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
The SPEAKER. On what ground ?
Mr. CARLILE. On the ground that the bill
itself provides for the erection of a post office
and custom-house in the city of Nashville,
whereas this amendmentprovides for the erection
of all sorts of buildings all over the country.
The SPEAKER. It has been repeatedly de-
cided by the House, that where a proposition is
before the House it may be amended by adding
another proposition of the same character.
Mr. HOUSTON. I raise a question of order,
that the appropriations in the amendment now
proposed have not been considered in the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
therefore are not in order to be considered by the
House.
The SPEAKER. The question being raised,
the Chair is of opinion that the proposition
making appropriations must be considered in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The 133d rule says that all proceedings touching
appropriations of money shall be first discussed
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. HARRIS. I understand that the rules
have been suspended for the purpose of consid-
ering the bill; and it is therefore subject to amend-
ment in the House as well as other bills.
Mr. SPEAKER. The rules of the House were
suspended to admit the bill, and that bill can be
amended within the rules of the House. But if
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Illinois piovide for appropiiations of money,
the Chair is of opinion that it must be fust con-
sidered in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do I understand the
Chair to decide that where a bill has been con-
sidered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union as this has been—because that
is the effect of its consideration being dispensed
with by a majority of the House—and brought
to the House, it cannot be amended by having
an additional appropriation inserted?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that the amendment moved by the gentleman from j
Illinois is not in order. I
Mr. RICHARDSON. From that decision I !
take an appeal.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
attention of the Speaker to a precisely similar
cast; — as I undi'istand it — where the Speaker
ruled the amendment in oider. The case was
one where a motion had been made to take up a
certain joint resolution from the Speaker's table
and nut it on its passage; and the question was
raised, whether certain amendments offered, con-
taining appropriations, would have to goto the
Coinnu^ee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The Speaker overruled that point of
oidei; nil appeal was taken, and the Speaker was
sustained.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects no such
decision.
Mr. COBR, of Georgia. No such decision has
been made by the Chair this session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the gen-
tleman from Illinois is under a misapprehension.
Mr. WASIUJURIYE. It was a case almost
precisely similar to this.
Mr. JONES. My recollection is, that the rules
w< re suspended to take up a bill making an ap-
propriation for a particular object. The point of
order was made, that the rules wete not suspended
requiring it to be considered m committee, be-
cause it made an appropriation. The Speaker
overruled the question of order, upon the "round
that he had stated the question distinctly; that
the motion was to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of allowing the bill to be considered in the
House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It seems to
me that, under the decisions made on many occa-
sions, if the House suspends its ruh s to consider
a particular lull, the suspension of the rules ex-
tends to the offering of any amendment which may
be legitimely attached to it, I recollect eases in
which that decision has been given.
Mr. COBB. If this debate is in order, I desire
lo say a word or two two sustaining the decision
of the Chair. I will simply call the attention of
the House to a decision pionounced by the Chair ;
a few days ago, when this very question came
up, touching one of the appropriation bills. The i
Chair then ruled, as he has ruled now, and the
House acquiesced in the decision. It is true that,
when you have suspended the rules to consider
a particular bill, any amendment to that bill is in
order which is not in conflict with the rules of
the House. This amendment would now be in
order to the bill before the House, but for the
rule which requires that all appropriations shall
be considered first in a Committee of the Whole
House. Why, sir, the gentleman from Maine
says that the House has suspended all its rules.
Now, suppose it were proposed to offer an amend-
ment which was not germane to the subject of
the bill: according to the principle indicated by
the gentleman from Maine, the House having
suspended all its rules, no objection could be made
to it. But, sir, my only object in rising was to
call the attention of the House to the manifest
correctness of the decision of the Chair. I move
to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw the motion for a single moment.
Mr. COBB. Other gentlemen around me re-
quest that I should adhere to the motion. I de-
cline to withdraw it.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid on the table—ayes one hundred and nine,
noes not counted.
Mr. SNEED. I now move to suspend the rule
which requires that this particular proposition
should be considered in the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HOUSTON. We are acting under a sus-
pension of the rules, and another motion to sus-
pend is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the mo-
tion to suspend itf not in order at this time.
Mr. SNEED. I then move to commit the bill
now before the House, to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; and I make the
motion with the consent of the friends of the
bill.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then committed to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GREENWOOD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was committed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMEED. 1 now move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for the purpose of consideiing the bill just
referred thereto.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know if the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Harris] was sent to the com-
mittee Willi the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The amendment was not
entertained by the Chair.
Mr. SNEED demanded tellers upon his mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Catiule, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 70, noes 74.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBIJRJNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules, in order that the Committee of
' the Whole on the state of the Union may be dis-
j charged fiom the further consideration of the bill
i (II. R. No. J209) to authorize the construction of
[ a building at Nashville, Tennessee, for a custom-
1 house, post office, and United States court-room,
1 that it may be considered m the House, together
i with the amendment of the gentleman from Uli-
! nous, [Mr. Harris.]
| Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment has not
been referred to the committee.
I The SPEAKER. The amendment not having
i been received m the House, was not referred to
1 the committee. The Chair will modify its ruling
i upon the second question raised. The rules of
■ the House having been suspended to consider the
! specific bill moved by the gentleman from Ten-
1 nessec, which provides for an appropriation, it
! will be in order to consider that bill in the House;
and an amendment relating to the same subject,
and being germane, may perhaps be moved under
a suspension of the rules, for the purpose of re-
ceiving that amendment. The Chair is of the
j opinion that the rules having been suspended to
receive the bill of the gentleman from Tennessee,
a second motion to suspend the rules to consider
the amendment will be in order; and he believes
that the precedents will sustain him in the decis-
ion.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and it was disagreed to; there
being, on a division, only fifty-eight in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not wish to take
up any more of the time of the House, further
than to give notice that I will, to-morrow, if I
can get the floor, move to suspend the rules to
bring this bill into the House, and put it on its
passage.
DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR SYSTEMS.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report back from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs a bill (H. R. No
594) to regulate the diplomatic and consular sys-
tem of the United States.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. PENNINGTON. I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose; and on that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLlN. I have risen for the pur-
pose of submitting a motion to the House, either
to take a reccss until seven o'clock, or to adjourn.
As I prefer that the House should adjourn, I
make that motion.
Mr. FAULKNER demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SEWARD called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. McMullin's motion was agreed to; and
thereupon (at four o'clockand forty-five minutes)
the House adjourned until to-morrow, at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, JJu^ust 15,1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean*.
TheJournal of yesterday was read andapproved
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills, which have hitherto received
the signature of the Speaker of the House:
An act for the relief of Isaac Adams;
An act to authorize and direct the settlement
of the accounts of the Bank of the State of Mis-
souri for money advanced for the subsistence and
transportation of volunteers; and
I An act for the relief of Cezairc Wallace, of the
! parish of Bossier, State of Louisiana.
DAILY RECESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to submit a motion,
by general consent, that to-day, and each day
! hereafter, the Senate take a recess from four till
six o'clock. We shall be obliged to sit at nights
to get through with the appropriation bills. I
hope there will be no objection to my submitting
that motion.
Mr. SEWARD. That does not include Mon-
day, I suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
| will adjourn on Monday, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. Then it is only for to-day
and to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EMIGRANTS TO KANSAS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have the proceedings
of a mass convention of the citizens of Illinois,
held in Lexington, McLean county, in reference
to the treatment of citizens of that county, and
other counties of Illinois, on their way to Kansas.
These proceedings set forth the details of the
various indignities; and but for the fact that it
would take up the time of the Senate, I should
like to have them read. The names are given of
the settlers who left Illinois with their families
for the purpose of settling in Kansas Territory.
They left with their wagons, tools, and imple-
ments of husbandry, in the way that is usual for
emigrants passing to the western country. These
parties, while on their way to Kansas, and when
within a few miles of the Territory, were stopped
by armed men, their property taken from them,
