§26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
Mr. H. Marshall, to refer the President's mes-
sage to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. CIuitman's mo-
tion, to refer it to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, and order it to be printed; which motion
was agreed to.
Mr. &UITMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the message was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which lat-
ter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I now move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the "Whole on
the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Pennington in the chair.)
DISTRIBUTION-OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The CHAIRMAN stated.that the business
first in order was the annual message of the
President of the United States.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I offer the fol-
lowing resolutions:
1. Resolved, That so much of the annual message of the
President of the United States to the two Houses of Con-
gress, at the present session, as relates to our foreign affairs,
together with the accompanying correspondence in relation
thereto; to the attempt which the exigencies* of the war 111
which Groat Britain h engaged with Russia induced her
to make to draw recruits from the United States; to sur-
• veying and establishing the boundary line which divides
tiie Territory of Washington Iroin the contiguous British
possessions; to the extinguishment of the possessory rights
of the Hudson's Bay Company and of the Puget's Sound
Aguculturat Company—be referred to the Committee on
Foieign Affairs.
2. Resolved, That so much of the said message and ac-
companying documents a& relates to further appropuutions
for the service of another season of the commission for de-
tei mining the rights of fishing in the mouth- of liveis on the
coasts of the United States and the Biitish North American
provinces; to the i cceipts and expenditures of the Trcavui y;
to the condition of the same; to the public debt arid its re-
payment to the fiscal business of the Government; to the
early revision and reduction of the tarilf of duties on im-
ports—be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
3. Resolved, That so much of the said message and ac-
companying documents as relatesto the inseition by public
officers oftalsc entries on their books ot recoid or account,
or to make false returns; and also requiring them,on the
termination of their service, to deliver to their successors
all books, recoids, and objects of a public nature in their
custody—be refeired to the Committee on tin; Judiciary.
4. Resolved, That so much of the said message and ac-
companying documents as i elates to the Army of the United
States ; to the making provision b> a rented list for disabled
officers; of increased compensation to the officers letained
on the list for active duty; foi a partial reorganization of the
Army; of hostilities on the pait of the Indian tubes in the
.Territories of Oregon and Washington—be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
5. ftcsoJyecf, That so much of the said message and accom-
pan>mg documents as relates to the Navy of the United
States, aiul to a gradual and systematic increase of the same,
be referiedto the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Resolved, Thar so much of the said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Post Office Depaitment,
its opeiation and condition, be reiencd to the Committee on
the i'ost Office and i'o^t Roads.
7. Resolved, That so much of the said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public lands, theirsale,
location with military scrip, or land warning, taken up
jnder giants foi roads, selections as swamp lands bj States,
and siuvey, be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
8. Resolved. That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the District of Columbia
be referied to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
9. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying document-: as relates to the Teiiitoiies he lefcned
to the Committee on Terntones.
Mr. GROW. Docs the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means propose to ask for a
vote upon these resolutions now ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Of course. I desire to
have them actcd upon as soon as possible. It
will be observed that we have been in session
now three months, without the transaction of any
business whatever; and it is a matter of some lm-
portance«-that some of the subjects treated of in
the message should be referred, so that the com-
mittees may have them under consideration.
Mr. GROW. If that be the object of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, i will certainly
throw no obstacle m the way of facilitating1 the
business of the House. 1 believe that the Kansas
message conies up immediau ly after this is dis-
posed of; and with the understanding that I can
have the floor upon that, I will now yield it.
Mi. CAMPBELL. The discussion likely to
take place in the committee may perhaps be
more appropriate to the special message in refer-
ence to Kansas affairs than to the annual mes-
sage; I hope, therefore, the committee will con-
sent to the immediate passage of these resolutions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think these resolutions
ought to be printed before they are actcd on, so
that gentlemen can compare them with the mes-
sage. It is impossible for members to know, from
hearing the resolutions read, whether the dis-
tribution proposed is a proper one.
Mr. CAMPBELL. They have been very care-
fully prepared.
• Mr. HOUSTON. I do not question that the gen-
tleman has bestowed great care on them; but other
gentlemen may wish to compare them with the
message itself. There might be differences of
opinion as to the proper references. I do not de-
sire to delay action, but I think these resolutions
ought to be printed before we are called upon to
act on them.
Mr. GROW. Then, if the resolutions are net
to be adopted now, if the gentleman from Alabama
wishes to have them printed, I claim the floor. I
desire to speak upon the message of the Presi-
dent; but it is late in the day, and I should like
the committee to rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I Suppose the res-
olutions will be printed in the Globe of to-mor-
row as a part of this day's proceedings. The
committee cannot order them to be printed.
Mr. GROW. I did not propose it.
Mr. JONES. The gentleman will see them
in the Globe, and can propose any amendment he
desires before they are finally acted on.
Mr. GROW. I have no amendment to pro-
pose. I desire to speak upon the message of the
President; and as the gentleman from Alabama
wished to seethe resolutions printed, I suggested
that the committee should now rise, and then he
can see them in to-morrow's Globe.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia desires to discuss the President's message,
and does not desire to proceed this evening, I will
move that the committee do now rise, if he will
yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. GROW. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman will, then, be enti-
tled to the floor when wc go into committee again.
I move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. JONES. Unless the gentleman wishes to
make a speech in reference to these resolutions
themselves, I think wc might as well adopt them
now as at any other time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind
gentlemen that the motion that the committee rise
is not debatable. Does the gentleman from South
Carolina persist in his motion?
Mr. ORIl. I made the motion for the accom-
modation of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
If he wishes to go on with his remarks, of course
I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. GROW. I am very much obliged to the
gentleman from South Carolina, but I prefer not
to go on with my remarks now.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope the committee will
rise and report the resolutions to the House.
We can then go back into committee, and proceed
to consider the special message.
Mr. GROW. I certainly have no objection to
that, with the understanding that I shali have the
floor when we go back into committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I insist upon my motion,
then, that the committee rise and report the reso-
lutions to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, that he will not be
entitled to the floor if the House go into com-
mittee upon another subject.
Mr. GROW. Then, 1 hope the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] will
be adopted.
Mr. ORR. I am not very sure that the course
proposed to he pursued by the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] is a right and proper one.
It is certainly very unusual for the committee, at
its first sitting, to parcel out the President's an-
nual message among the standing committees. I
have known that document to be discussed in
committee for two months before it was referred
to the committees. I have nothing to say, myself,
upon the subject, but it is not usual to dispose of
the matter in this summary manner.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to know
if there is any motion before the committee?
Mr. CAMPBELL. Yes, sir; my motion is
before it.
Mr. GROW. The Chair assigned the floor to
me. I yielded only to the gentleman from South
Carolina, to move that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. So the Cliair understands;
but no debate is in order, unless the gentleman
from South Carolina withdraws his motion.
Mr. ORR. I have not withdrawn my motion.
The debate that has been going on between dif-
ferent gentlemen upon all sides of the Hall has
gone on by general consent, in order that we
might understand one another. I supposed there
was no objection to it.
Mr. JONES. I merely wish to make one re-
mark. It is true, as the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] says, that the President's
annual message has on former occasions been
under discussion for weeks before it has been re-
ferred to the standing committees of the House.
But the President's annual message which is now
before us is so sound m principle and wise in its
recommendations, as to command the universal
respect and approbation of the committee; and
consequently they do not wish to make any
speeches upon it, but are willing that it should be
referred without debate. [Great laughter.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Orr's
motion, and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman [Mr.
Pennington] reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the annual message of the President of the
United States, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
Mr. WALKER, moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
a quarter to three o'clock, p. in.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 28, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, for the pur-
pose of enabling several of the standing commit-
tees to bring up their business I move that, when
the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Mon-
day next.
Some of the committees have business to trans-
act, for which one day of the week is not sufficient:
the adoption of my motion will give them further
time for the consideration of committee business.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of examining clerks in the bounty land depart-
ment of the pension bureau, praying for an in-
crease of compensation; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GEYER presented the memorial of Sam-
uel A. Lowe, praying for compensation for ser-
vices m copying and superintending the printing
of the laws of Kansas, under the direction of the
Legislative Assembly, which was referred to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. EVANS presented the memorial of sun-
dry officers of the custom-house in Chaileston,
Soufli Carolina, praying for an increase of/Com-
pensation; which was referred to the Conyriittce
on Finance.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Commander Robert Ritchie, who has been placed
on the reserved list m consequence of the action
of the late naval board, praying to be restored to
his former position in the Navy; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, it is my duty
to present to the Senate the memorial of George
C. Read, a captain in the Navy., and I shall ask
its reference to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
This officer, Mr. President, is a constituent of
mine, and justly and properly claims my special
consideration in a matter which he believes greatly
concerns his personal honor: and I must ask the
indulgence of the Senate whilst I submit a very few
remarks in reference to the career and character
of this officer, and the purpose of Ins memorial.
It is quite evident on the face of the memorial
that the feelings of Captain Ilead have been sorely
