12.52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, communicating a report from
the Secretary of the Interior, containing an esti-
mate of the appropriations required in fulfillment
of treaty stipulations with certain Indian tribes,
and recommending that the appropriations asked
for be made in the manner therein suggested;
■which was referred to the Committee of Ways
£tnd Means, and ordered to bo printed.
UNITED STATES SLOOP OF WAR ALBANY.
Mr. BENSON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported back
an act (S. No. 76) for the relief of the widows
of officers, seamen, and marines, of the United
States sloop of war Albany, and for other pur-
poses; which was referred to a Committee of the
"Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. BARKSDALE,
(at three o'clock and fifty minutes) the House ad-
journed until Monday next, at twelve o 'clock, m
IN SENATE.
Monday, -May 19,1856
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The J ournal of Friday was read atid approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, an estimate of the cost of removing
rocks at Hell Gate, in the East river, New York;
which, on motion of Mr. Seward, was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
executors of John Armstrong, deceased, praying
for compensation for his services as Commissioner
Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of
the United States to Spain in the year 1806, and
for other public services rendered by the deceased;
"which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of Han-
nah Walker, widow of a revolutionary soldier,
praying to be allowed a pension under the act of
1853, and arrears of pension due to her late hus-
band; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Maine, praying for the establishment of a de-
partment of agriculture at Washington; which
was referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Maine,
relating to the extension of slavery, the admis-
sion of Kansas into the Union as a free State,
and secret political associations; which were read,
and ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. WELLER presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California in favor of the con-
struction of a mail route and wagon road to con-
nect that State with the other States of the Union,
and the establishment of military posts along the
route of the same.
The resolution was read.
Mr. WELLER. Some time ago I introduced
a bill providing for the transportation of the
United States mail overland to California. That
bill has been reported back by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and is now before
the Senate. I shall ask the early attention of
this body to that question as soon as the Navy
bill, and the Kansas question, and one other im-
portant bill, shall have been disposed of. 1 move,
therefore, that the resolution lie on the table, and
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER also presented a resolution of
the Legislature of California, instructing their
Senators, and requesting their Representatives,
to endeavor to procure for the use of the State
such books as it would have been entitled to re-
ceive if it had passed through a territorial form
of government; which was read, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Cali-
fornia in favor of the immediate adoption of
measures for extinguishing the Indian title to
lands in that Statefwhich was read, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Aaron Haight Palmer, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the documents in relation to the claim of
the legal representatives of Pierre Cazelan, late of Louis-
iana, for the confirmation of land claims in Louisiana, be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
318) to authorize the investigation and determina-
tion of asserted titles to the Hot Springs of the
Ouachita, in the State of Arkansas; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Robert Graham, representing one of the heirs of
Major General Arthur St. Clair, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 319) for the
relief of the heirs of Major General Arthur St.
Clair; which was read a first time, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Martin Feniviek, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 320) for his relief;
which was read the first time, and passed to a
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, to whom was re-
ferred the bill giving to Joshua Kirby, and the
widow of John McNeery, a right to enter the
land covered by the life reserve of John McNeery
under the Cherokee treaties of 1817 and 1819,
reported that it ought not to be passed.
RICHARD W. THOMPSON.
Mr. TOOMBS. I iiave a report to make from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, who have had
under consideration the message of the President
in relation to the claim of Richard W. Thomp-
son . They report that no further legislation upon
the subject is necessary, and ask to be discharged
from its further consideration. I move the adop-
tion of the report.
Mr. WELLER. I hope tho report will lie
over.
Mr. DODGE. I move that the report just made
from the Committee on Indian Affairs be printed.
In submitting this motion, it may be necessary
that I should make an explanation. I introduced
a resolution, some two months ago, calling upon
the President of the United States for information
in relation to certain Indian treaties, in which the
Menomonees, who live in the State which I in
part represent, are interested, as well as many
citizens of the State. More than a month since, an
answer was received from the President, through
the proper Department, and by some casualty the
papers were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs. I was advised of that fact, but expressed
an unwillingness to call the attention of the com-
mittee to the subject until the appearance of their
chairman, [Mr. Sebastian-,] whom I see in his
seat to-day.
The information communicated by the Presi-
dent is important in relation to matters in which
the Menomonee Indians are deeply interested.
My resolution called for the facts; I suppose the
President has given them. For the information
of the public, as well as the Senate, I ask that the
report made by the President, and now returned
by the Committee on Indian Affairs, with the ac-
companying papers, be printed.
I make these explanations to account for the
delay which has taken place in this matter. How
tho papers got to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs I do not know. If I had been present when
the report of the President was communicated to
the Senate, I should have asked for the printing
of the papers; but I was absent when they were
referred to that committee. I now submit the
motion that the papers be printed.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know of no objection to that
course (although the papers are very voluminous)
except this: there was a very long report from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, which the
committee did not deem precisely pertinent to the
issue, and there was also a reply of the opposite
party. If the Senator desires the printing I shall
move to amend his motion so as to have printed
also the answer of the party assailed, together
with the report. It was also submitted to the
committee.
Mr. DODGE. I have no objection to that. I
wish the whole subject-matter presented to tho
country, inasmuch as an appropriation of money
is to be made hereafter.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is fair, in order that the
whole subject inay be presented.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to the report of the committee.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from California
desires that that part of the subject may lie over.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair did not so
understand.
Mr. WELLER. I believe this is a final report
of the committee against additional legislation.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELLER. That is a question which
ought not to be passed upon by the Senate with-
out the information necessary to comprehend it.
Mr. STUART. I hope that the papers, to-
gether with the report, will first be printed, and
then we can act advisedly.
Mr. WELLER. That would be the better
course.
The PRESIDENT. The consideration of the
report will lie over.
Mr.TOOMBS. Very well.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on print-
ing the report.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to include in the order
for printing the reply of Mr. Thompson.
Mr. DODGE. I accept that amendment.
The motion as amended was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed the following
bill and joint resolution; in which they requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 135) for tho relief of the
representatives and sureties of Robert King, de-
ceased; and .
A joint resolution (J. R. No. 16) in reference
to the sufferers at the Cape de Verde Islands.
WIDOW OF GENERAL ROGER JONES.
Mr. HALE. On my motion a day or two
since, the Senate passed a bill (S. No. 302) for tho
relief of tho widow of Adjutant General Roger
Jones. I have since learned that the object which
it was proposed to accomplish by the passage
of the bill will be effected by an amendment to
an appropriation bill formerly passed.
Mr. WELLER. I believe that bill was passed
on last Thursday, and is it not too late now to
move a reconsideration?
Mr. HALE. There has been but one legisla-
tive day intervening—Friday.
Mr. WELLER. I believe a motion for the re-
consideration of a bill must be made on the day
of its passage, or the succeeding day.
The PRESIDENT. The motion can be mado
within two legislative days.
Mr. WELLER. I hope, then, that tho bill will
be reconsidered.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from New
Hampshire moves to reconsider the vote passing
the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the bill bo rejected.-
Mr. MASON. Would it not be as well to let
it lie on the table ? I have no information in re-
gard to the subject.
Mr. WELLER. I can give all the information
necessary in one moment. The Senator from
New Hampshire introduced a bill for the relief of
the widow of Adjutant Roger Jones, which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
He brought to me three different reports that had
been made by the Committee on Military Affairs
on this subject, commencing with one made by
the present Secretary of War when at the head of
that committee. The committee examined those
