1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2127
and they are still detained in the State of Mis-
souri. They went as peaceable emigrants. They
sold their homes in McLean county, Illinois,
where they had resided. They were respectable
and woithy citizens of that county. Connected
with the proceedings of the meeting are certifi-
cates from a number of individuals of the county
of McLean 
Mr. HUNTER. We have so little time that I
must interpose a question of order. The Senator
has a right to make a brief statement, but not to
give the whole contents of the papers. I would
not make the point but that we have so little time
left.
Mr- TRUMBULL. I am aware that time is
precious, and 1 will take but a moment more. I
should desire to occupy some little time, but for
the fact which the Senator has sug£er,ted. I will
be as brief as 1 can in stating what I think are
the points of the petition, and not read them.
A number of the citizens of McLean county
certify to the credibility au'l peaceable character
of these emigrants, and among others the sheriff
and the clerk of the county. Accompanying these
proceedings is also the affidavit of one person
who went with the Chicago company, detailing
the manner in which he started for Kansas, and
the conduct of that company, and showing that
they started for the purpose of becoming bona
fide settlers of the Territory. He gives in detail
the treatment which they received. Their prop-
erty was taken from them by violence, and they
were turned back without ever being permitted
to land in the Territory. He states* particularly
how all this was done. Persons came on board
their boat, and broke open their trunks. The in-
dividual states that his trunk was searched, and
tells the parties by whom it was done.
One resolution adopted by the convention re-
quests that the proceedings be presented to Con-
gress for such action as may be proper in such
cases. I therefore move that they be referred to
the Committee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITION".
Mr. JOx*\TES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, praying for the establishment of
a ma'l route from MacGregor's Landing to Osage,
in thai State; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom were referred the amendments
of the Senate to jhe bill (H. It. No. 202) making
appropriations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of .Tunc, 1857, and for other pur-
poses, amended and disagreed to by the House
of Representatives, reported thereon. The Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the report; and
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on their amendments to
the said bill, amended and disagreed to by the House of
Representative..-, and a-ked a conference oa the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate he appointed by the President pro tempore.
Mr. Hunter, Mr. Slidell, and Mr. Fish
were appointed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance,
to whom were referred the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. H. No. 71) making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the vanous Indian tribes, for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1857, have
agreed, after examining the action of the House,
to recommend that the Senate concur m that
action. They have, therefore, instructed me to
offer the following resolution, which will be, in
effect, to take the bill as the House sent it back:
Resolved* That the Senate concur in the amendments of
the flon-e tn t!ir> amendmeuK of the Senate to the hill (II
ft. No. 71) n umbei ed -29, 36. 43, and and that the Sen-
ate leccde from their amendments to said bill di<igiecd to
by the Ilou^c, numbered 57, 59, 00, Gl, 62, 63, 64, 65,
and G7.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am not willing
to agree to that report. There is one amendment
to this bill—I do not know its number—which I
should like to except. It provides for the case
of Faribault. I think the Government of the
United States has disgraced itself long enough on
that subject.
Mr. HUNTER. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, [Mr. Sebastian,] wishes
a conference, let us agiee to the action of the
House as far as we can, and insist on those
amendments on which he desires a conference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to except
the Faribault case from the general agreement.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. What is the
number of the amendment to which the Senator
refers?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am told it is
No. 67.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Arkansas
desires a committee of conference, let him move
it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will accede to the prop-
osition of the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, to agree to the amendments made by the
House to our amendments. We can with great
propriety do that. Then I desire to move that
the Senate insist on these amendments, to which
the House has disagreed.
Mr. BIGLER. That will leave the Faribault
case for the committee of conference.
The House amendments to the Senate amend-
ments were concurred in; and the amendments
of the Senate, to which the House disagreed,
were insisted on, and a conference asked upon
them. Mr. Pearce, Mr. Sebastian, and Mr.
Toombs, were appointed the conferees on the
part of the Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 427)
making additional appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June,
1857, reported it with amendments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the House joint resolution (J. It.
No. 26) giving an increased compensation to all
the laborers in the employment of the executive
and legislative departments of the Government,
in the city of Washington, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. JAMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported the following resolution; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Pi evident of the United States be
rcquc-ted to communicate to the Senate, at the next pes-
sion of Congress, wheihei, in las judgment; the national
defenses and the be^t intciests of the country call for the
discontinuance of any navv-yaid or naval station on the
Atlantic sea-boaid, or the change of location thereof.
Mr. PUGH, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary lie au-
thorized to employ a clerk at the same annual compensa-
tion that is paid to the clerk of the Committee on Finance
of the Senate.
The considerations of the resolution being ob-
jected to, it lies over for one day, under the rules.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 331)
for the relief of John Otis, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom was
referred the memorial of Robert Harrison, pray-
ing that his claim under the ninth article of the
treaty of 1819, with Spam, may be referred to
the Court of Claims, reported the following reso-
lution; .which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the memorial of .Robert Harrison,togcthci
with the papers on the fde  of the Senate iclatmg thereto,
be reierred to the Coint of Claims.
Mr. IVERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom were icferred the following bills, re-
ported them without amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 269) for the relief of the
sureties of the late Lieutenant Charles E. Jams,
United States Army.
An act (H. R. No. 275) for the relief of Cap-
tain Thomas Ap Catesby Jones.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 11) for the relief of J. W. Todd, a lieu-
tenant of ordnance in the United States Army,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom were referred the following bills
from the Court of Claims, passed by the House
of Representatives, reported them without amend-
ment:
An act (H. R. No. 3) for the relief of James
M. Lindsay;
An act (H. R. No. 4) for the relief of Salvador
Accardi; and
An act (H. R.No. 6) for the relief of William
H. Chase.
He also, from the same committee, submitted
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives he requested
to return to the Senate Senate bill (No.3J7) for the reliet of
William II. Chase, a bill onginating in the House for the
same object being now betore the Senate.
EMPLOYES OF THE SENATE.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following
resolution; which, on motion of Mr. Evans, was
referred to the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate:
Resolved, That there be allowed and paid to Hie maie
boytv the same salary that is paid to the messengers in the
service of the Senate.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
! which, on motion of Mr. Evans, was referred to
the Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate:
Resolved, That the salary of the superintendent of the
document room of the Senate shall be §1,600 per annum,
and that the salaiies of the two assistants in said document
loom shall each be .$1,500 per annum, to take effect from
the commencement of the present fiscal year.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. PITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Printing, who were instructed to inquire into the
subject, reported the foilowing resolution:
Resolved, That there bo printed for the use of the Senate,
in quarto lortn, five thousand copies, in addition to tile ti-ua!
numbci, of the report pioper of th«- coinim>-ioner on liie
Mexican boundary, with the map* accompanying «nid re-
port; and two thousand additional copies of the appendix,
containing the reports on the botany and natut.il hi.-toiy of
the rounuv adiaeeut to «aid boundaiy. to be paid for out of
the fund appiopnated foi nmn iris the "md boundary, and that
two hundied and fiity copio- oft >e fotmer and twenty five
copies of the iattei be furuit-hed to the said conmu-jMonei.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The cost of the five
j thousand copies will be £36,166. The work is a
\ury valuable one: and I may mention one singu-
lar fact as an argument in favor of printing the
report. The commissioner porformed-ihe service
on which he was sent for $100,000 less than the
amount appropriated for the purpose. I am not
aware of any other instance of tins kind.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
Mr. FITZPATRICK, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom the subject was referred,
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed for the of the Senate
the u uul number and five thousand additional copies of the
me^a| c of the President, to the Uous«* of Representatives,
of commercial statistics; of different nations, with the
accompanj ing documents.
| Mr. FITZPATRICK. The esiimate for this
j printing is §13,450. The document is one of
' great -value, and the committee recommend the
publication of five thousand copies — only half
! the number specified in the order of the Senate
. referring the subject to our investigation.
' The resolution was considered by unanimous
; consent, and agreed to.
j ADVANCES BY VERMONT.
; Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mil-
: itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 360) to leimburse the Stale of Vermont
the expenses incurred by her in paying hermili-
ti'a, calied out in 1838 and 1839 to preserve the
neutrality of the country, reported it without
, amendment.
| Mr. FOOT. I aslc the unanimous consent of
1 tlje Senate to put the bill on Us passage at once.
There can be no objection to it when it is under-
: stood.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent. The Chair heais no objec-
1 tion. The bill is before the Senate as in Cora-
! mittee of the "Whole.
j Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, T have only to say
that this bill appropriates the sum of £.4,009 18
to reimburse the State of Vermont for moneys
I actually appropriated from her own treasury and
