1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reports; and, being perfectly satisfied that the bill
ought to pass, reported it back to the Senate.
The Senator from New Hampshire informed me
that the bill had twice passed the Senate; but al-
ways failed in the House. Now, it appears that
it did not fail in the House, but was passed some
two years ago; therefore, of course, itis improper
that we should pay the money again.
Mr. HALE. The Senator is mistaken in one
respect. When a friend of General Jones called
on me, I went to the docket, and ascertained that
the bill had passed the Senate twice, but had
never been passed in the House. That is the fact.
After the death of General Jones, which created
some impression in the city, an amendment was,
contrary to the rules, incorporated in one of the
appropriation bills, by which the result proposed
to be effected was attained. That fact has been
communicated to me since; and therefore the bill
ought to be rejected.
Mr. WELLER. My statement was correct,
however; it has been passed by both branches.
Mr. MASON. I have no information about
the subject. If the Senator from California be
accurate in his information—as doubtless he is—
of course I make no objection.
Mr. WELLER. I have my information from
the Secretary of War.
Mr. HALE. So have I.
The bill was indefinitely postponed.
VETO MESSAGES.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney Webster, his Sec-
retary, returning, with his objections in writing,
the act to remove obstructions to navigation in
the mouth of the Mississippi, at the Southwest
Pass and Pass a 1'Outre; and the act making ap-
propriations for deepening the channel over the
Saint Clair flats, in the State of Michigan.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We have Just received a
message from the President of the United States,
giving his reasons for refusing to sign the bill
passed by Congress for the improvement of the
mouth of the Mississippi. I desire to have that
read, and some time appointed for the considera-
tion of it in accordance with the requisitions of
the Constitution.
The Secretary read the message, in which the
President sets forth the object of the bill to be to
appropriate a sum of money to be expended, under
the superintendence of the Secretary of War,
" for the opening and keeping open ship channels
of sufficient capacity to accommodate the wants
of commerce through the Southwest Pass and
Pass a 1 'Outre, leading from the Mississippi river
to the Gulf of Mexico;" and adds that, in a com-
munication which he addressed to the two Houses
of Congress on the 30th of December, 1854, his
views were exhibited in full on the subject of the
relation of the General Government to internal
improvements. He set forth, on that occasion,
the constitutional impediments which, in his
mind, were insuperable to the prosecution of a
system of internal improvements by means of
appropriations from the Treasury of the United
States; more especially the consideration that the
Constitution does not confer on the General Gov-
ernment any express power to make such appro-
priations; that they are not a necessary and proper
incident of any of the express powers; and that
the assumption of authority on the part of the
Federal Government to commence and carry on
a general system of internal improvements, while
exceptional for the want of constitutional power,
is in other respects prejudicial to the several inter-
ests and inconsistent with the true relation to one
another of the Union and of the individual States.
These objections, he says, apply to the whole
system of internal improvements, whether such
improvements consist of works on land or in
navigable waters, either of the sea-coast or of the
interior lakes or rivers; and he has not been able,
after the most careful reflection, to regard this
bill in any other light than as part of a general,
system of internal improvements; and therefore
he feels constrained to submit it, with his objec-
tions, to the reconsideration of Congress.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I should like to have some
day appointed that will suit the convenience of
the Senate, for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of this message of the President.
To-day, I believe, the floor has been assigned to
the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Scmner.]
To-morrow the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Mason] has the floor on the naval bill. We
may possibly not finish that bill to-morrow. I
propose, with the assent of the Senate, that
Thursday be assigned for the consideration of
the President's message.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I feel it to be my duty to
call the attention of the Senate to the fact, that
during the last week we fixed to-day to go on
with the Kansas discussion, with the understand-
ing that we should proceed with it from day to
day, uninterruptedly, until finished. I certainly
shall feel compelled to object to the arrangement
which my friend from Louisiana suggests, but I
leave the matter to the decision of the Senate.
If it be their wish to*consider at once what they
may regard as a paramount question—the dispo-
sition of these messages—bo it so. I have no
desire to obstruct the course of business which
the majority of the Senate shall deem proper to
fix; but I think we are losing too much time by
the practice of taking up a bill, having an essay
upon it, laying it aside, again having another
written essay, and then laying it down again; so
as to have, upon the whole, no discussion at all.
I hope that we may either postpone the Kansas
question now, and not take it up for some time,
or proceed with its consideration, and keep on
with it until we dispose of it. In the way in
which we now proceed with it, the subject loses
all its interest. Speeches are made upon it to
which we may desire to reply, but when one
speech is heard the subject is postponed for a
week, and we have no opportunity. By such a
course of proceeding the interest in the subject
is lost. I therefore ask the Senate to consider
whether they will proceed now with the consid-
eration of the Kansas bill from day to day, until
it be disposed of, or whether they will fix a later
period for its decision ?
Mr. SEWARD. The Senate will undoubtedly
remember that there are already before the Senate
a large number of bills reported by the Committee
on Commerce, of the same character with the two
which have been vetoed; and that those bills con-
stitute a large part of the unfinished business
which presses on the consideration of the body.
I do not know, of course, that a discussion of
these veto messages will result so as to dispense
with further action, or to expedite the further
action of the Senate on those bills: but I suppose
it will have the effect to do one or the other, either
to induce the Senate to relinquish further attempts
to pass them, or else to expedite their passage
without any considerable debate or argument.
Under these circumstances, it would seem to me
economical, in regard to time, to dispose of the
veto messages as soon as the convenience of the
Senate will permit.
Then, again, the Constitution, it will be recol-
lected, requires of the Senate, when a bill is re-
turned by the Executive, that they shall " immedi-
ately"—I think is the language of the Constitution
—proceed to the consideration of the subject and
determine it. Wo have heretofore settled for
ourselves themeaningof the word " immediate "
to have regard to our practical convenience, but
not so as to amount to postponement or unneces-
sary delay. It strikes, me then—and I believe
such is the view of the Committee on Commerce,
who have charge of this interest—that we should
take up this subject on Thursday, the time indi-
cated by the honorable Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. WELLER. I hope this question will not
be postponed until Thursday next. The naval
bill is now under consideration, and in my judg-
ment no practical good will result fiom that dis-
cussion. The Kansas question of course is a
very important one. I was anxious that it should
be disposed of before I asked the Senate to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the three million bill.
In my opinion that is a bill of practical import-
ance at the present moment. I shall feel it my
duty, entertaining the opinions winch I do in re-
gard to our present condition with foreign Gov-
ernments, to ask for the early consideration of
that measure. It provides for the manufacture
of fire-arms and for increasing the number of our
ordnance. I shall this week ask the Senate to
procccd to the consideration of that bill, and shall
insist on a decision upon it at the earliest moment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senate will adopt
the suggestion which has been made by the Sena-
tor from Louisiana, because I believe that it will
be a saving of lime. I do not apprehend that.^e
shall consume much time in di'gcussing*the prin-
ciples involved in the veto messages;- while the
subject to which the Senator from fllinoisallftite'a"
will undoubtedly occupy more time. ' •-
It will be recollected by the Senate, that'there;"
is a large number of bills now on the Calendar,
reported from the Committee on Commerce, in-
volving precisely the same principle with those
accompanying the veto messages. What shall
be the action of the Senate on those measures ?
If it be found that there is no majority; in the
Senate and in the House of Representatives suffi-
ciently large to counteract the objections of the
President, it would certainly be entirely useless
to press their consideration upon either branch.
On the other hand, if it be found that there are
ample majorities to pass this bill into a law, not-
withstanding the objections of the President, the
Senate will know in what manner to proceed in
relation to the other measures. For these rea-
sons, I think the suggestion just made by the
Senator from Louisiana is one which should com-
mend itself to the Senate as better calculated than
any other course to hasten the action of the body
on all the questions before it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. _ I would simply suggest
to the Senate that it id not at all probable that
the bill now before us will lead to any extended
debate. We have been, I believe, discussing the
subject of internal improvements for nearly every
session the last ten years. Almost every Seniator"
has had an opportunity of presenting- his views
to the country^ and itis very probable that, when
the bill is taken up on Thursday, the Senators
present will content themselves with giving a vote
when the yeas and nays shall he called upon it.
I imagine that those persons who are friendly to •
this system of improvements- will scarcely deem
it necessary to consume the time of the Senate in
discussion. We do not expect to change a vote
by it. The opinion of every Senator is made up,
and, I presume, the opinion of every intelligent
man in the country is made up on this subject.
Nothing will be gained by discussing it, and I
doubt whether we shall have to interrupt the
business if we take it up now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why not take it
up now ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senate is not full at
present.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not wish to interfere
with the efforts which other Senators arc making
to have their bills assigned as special orders. I
merely rise to give notice that to-morrow, in the
morning hour, I shall ask the Senate to take up
the bill making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government. I
think that if the Senate will take it up to-morrow
we may pass it during the morning hour.
Mr. STUART. I wish to suggest to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana the propriety of considering
this question to-morrow. But for the fact that
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
holds the floor to-day, by previous appointment—
and the universal courtesy of the Senate so far
as 1 know will not allow us to interfere with him—
I should ask the Senate to proceed to the consid-
eration of this message now. I think the Senator
from Massachusetts is entitled to the floor to-day,
and I therefore suggest to the Senator from Louis-
iana to name to-morrow for the consideration of
the veto.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I yield to that suggestion.
I should have proposed to take the rote now; but
I think it is due to Senators who may be ab-
sent, that they should know when the vote on so
important a questiotf is to be taken.
Mr. MASON. The action of the Executive in
withholding his approbation from a hill, and
especially a bill of this character, is one that I
should say deserves the very grave consideration
of the Senate, as I doubt not it will receive. The
Senator from Louisiana suggests the subject has
been thoroughly discussed in former days, and
he presumes the opinions of all persons in the
Senate and the country are made up on it. He
may be correct; but the theory of the Govern-
ment, the theory of the Constitution, is,_that the
Senate or the House, where the bill originates,
] shall proceed to reconsider it. It maybe that the
1 reasons urged by the President for Ins veto may
have greater weight when they are reconsidered
than the reasons which were urged at the time
