1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
517
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
Congress was bound by all the contracts of the
old Government." He then quotes the first act
of Congress, extending the new power over the
Territories, and making some necessary changes
in the provisions of the ordinance to accommo-
date it to the changed state of things, and thus
continues: "The ordinance purports on its face
to be a contract between the people of Virginia,
the inhabitants of the Northwest Territory, and
the Government of the United States, perpetual
and unchangeable, except by consent of all par-
ties." The error, to which I have already re-
ferred, lies in the view here presented, and it is j
sufficiently important to require correction. Sir,
the ordinance of Congress of July 13, 1787, for
thegovernment of the Northwestern Territory, is
no compact so far as respects that government,
nor does it purport to be one. There is a preva-
lent misapprehension upon this subject, and the
sooner it is cleared up tne better. That ordinance
contains twelve clauses, or sections, providing for
the establishment of a government, and- eventu-
ally of additional governments, over the extensive
region north of the Ohio river. All the arrange-
ments, including those for the appointment of
officers, the definition of their duties, the qualifi-
cation of voters, and various other details, neces-
sary to this new political condition, are amply
provided for. And all this is done in the ordinary
form of legislation, claiming no peculiar sanctity,
and repealable at any time by the existing law-
making power. After making these arrange-
ments for temporary governments, the only legit-,
imate object of congressional legislation over a
distant people deprived of representation, the
ordinance proceeds with the declaration, that " it
is hereby ordained by the authority aforesaid,
that the following articles shall be considered as
articles of compact, between the original States
and the people and States in the said Territory,
and forever remain unalterable, unless by com-
mon consent;" and then follow six sections, pur-
porting to be those far-famed articles of compact.
1. The first insures the freedom of religious
worship. «
2. The second guaranties certain principles of
the English common law, such as the trial by
jury, and other well known features of that code,
which are ingrafted into our system. In the
progress of political improvement, should the
northwestern States deem it important to intro-
duce chances into their jurisprudence by attempt-
ing to meliorate some of these provisions, they
would find themselves deprived of the first attri-
bute of sovereignty, and would be compelled to
ask the consent of Congress, if this doctrine of
the perpetual obligation of the ordinance is the
, true one.
3. The third scction recommends the encour-
agement of schools, and the preservation of good
faith towards the Indian.
4. The fourth declares, that the Territory shall
forever form part of the Union, and regulates its
duties in relation to it.
5. The fifth provides for the establishment of
boundaries, and for the admission of these new
States.
6. The sixth prohibits the introduction of
slavery.
These are the articles of compact, and all of
them; and it will be seen they have no relation,
none at all, to the establishment of territorial gov-
ernments. And it follows beyond contradiction,
that, so far as concerns those temporary organi-
zations, this ordinance is no compact; nor does
it derive any vital force from that clause of the
Constitution which provides for the immunity
of engagements, thus conferring a power of legis-
lation, which would otherwise be destitute of any
validity.
The Senator from Georgia will now perceive
the misapprehension to which he has lent hishigh
authority. The six sections of the ordinance,
called articles of compact, did not purport to be,
as he supposes, " a contract between the people
of Virginia, the inhabitants of the Northwestern
Territory, and the Government of the United
States.'' They assume to be a contract "between
the original States, and the people and States in
the said Territory;" and so far from its " having
been accepted by all three of the parties," it was
never accepted by the original States, unless the
passage of the law is called an act of acceptance;
and as to the people and States of that new
region, they were never asked for their consent,
and of course never gave it. What is meant in
these declaratory clauses by the States, as con-
tradistinguished from the people, as I do not
know, I shall no? attempt to explain. The State
of Virginia was no party to this contract, except
in her capacity as one of the members of the Con-
federacy, and therefore could not accept it. In
her deed of cession to the United States, she pro-
vided that the expense of subduing the country
should be refunded to her, and made arrange-
ments for the reservation of land for her troops;
and declared, as a condition of the grant, that the
country should be divided into States, not less
than one hundred nor more than one hundred
and fifty miles square, providing, at the same
time, for their admission into the Union. Con-
gress enlarged the size of the States, and reduced
the number to three, with power to increase that
number to five; and it thus became necessary
to ask the assent of Virginia to this change in the
political organization of the country. That as-
sent was given, and this is all the participation
that Virginia had in the ordinance of Congress
of 1787. She never acted on the subject of the
territorial governments, nor was she, as an inde-
pendent State, any party to the exclusion of slav-
ery from that region.
3. To pursue the investigation, I observe, in the
third place, that this perpetual compact—constitu-
tion, in fact—has been decltfred invalid by the
Supreme Court of the United States.
4. And, in the fourth place, admitting its va-
lidity and its operation as a constitutional " en-
gagement " confirming the action of Congress
over the Northwestern Territory, what becomes
of the vast territorial regions since acquired by
the United States, and where there have been no
^compacts," followed by " engagements," to
carry jurisdiction with them ? Whence is de- j
rivea the power to govern, among others, the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska, and to reg- !
ulate their internal affairs, including all the rela- 1
tions of life ? I turn over this question to those
who advocate the extensive operation of the word
" engagements" in the Constitution. j
5. And, in the last place, this inviolable com- (
pact has been coolly violated by Congress, with- 1
out the slightest objection, and after a full report 1
upon the subject to the Senate. )
Among the irrepealable clauses of that com-
pact is one, which provides that there shall be
not less than three, nor more than five, States in
the Northwestern Territory. Congress, after pro-
viding for five States, now Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,
Michigan, tand Wisconsin JVmade provision for
another, at its pleasure, in the country north of
Wisconsin and east of the Mississippi—forming
part of the territory over which the ordinance
of 1787 extended. So much for the irrepealable
compact.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should like to
understand from the Senator from Michigan
whether he means to say, that, without violating
food faith with the State of Virginia, more than
ve States could be erected in the Northwestern
Territory ?
Mr. CASS. Not at all.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I understood the
honorable Senator to speak of a line drawn east
and west from the southern boundary of Lake
Michigan. I was under the impression that he
meant to maintain that another State could be
established in that region without violating good
faith with Virginia.
Mr. CASS. I do not desire to touch that point.
I do not see that it is necessary for my purpose.
That question is not before me; it is not neces-
sary for me now to settle it. Virginia agreed to
the proposition of Congress that there should be
not less than three, nor more han five States,
formed out of the Northwest Territory.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The honorable gen-
tleman will excuse me for interrupting him, but
I understood him to allude to a proposition to
divide Michigan, and I desire to ask whether he
means to maintain that, without violating the
faith of the Government with Virginia, that new
State could be established ?
Mr. CASS. This question does not touch that
at all. The country, to which I alluded, makes
part of the old Northwestern Territory; but it
forms no part of the five northwestern States.
It is northwest of Wisconsin, and extends north
to the British line. It is in regard to that country
that the question arises. It is now temporarily
a part of Wisconsin, but Congress may make it
a State.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is east of the
Mr. Cjfss. Yes, sir, entirely so; part of the
old Northwest Territory.
1 now return to the three new sources of power,
the reward of recent investigations, and which
are, as I have said:
13. The right and duty of guardianship.
14. The transmissible power, by which the
constitution of another country is substituted for
that of the United States.
15. What may be called the paternal power,
which places the General Government in loco
parentis. ■ 
The first of these has been recently urged in
the House of Representatives, and the latter in
the Senate. I leave them both without argu-
ment—epitaphs, I may say, for they will soon
need them, as their tenure of life must be a brief
one, contenting myself with suffering the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] to whom we owe the
discovery of the second, to state his proposition
in his own language. Illustrating it by the an-
nexation of Louisiana, he said that " the United
States, by a direct purchase, succeeded to all the
rights ana sovereignty possessed by the grantor,
and hence became the actual, full, complete, and
exclusive sovereign of the Territory." And after-
wards: " It was a part of the dominions of France;
she was its absolute sovereign. Hence the Gov-
ernment of the United States must have succeeded
to the same unrestricted rights, and may hold,
exercise, and enjoy them, until she chooses to
confer them upon another sovereignty."
I am not going to employ my time and that of
the Senate so badly as to argue this point. To
undertake to refute the proposition, that the Con-
gress of the United States may seek its authority,
not in our Constitution, but in that of a foreign
Government, and thus transfer to a Republic the
powers of an absolute monarchy. The error of
the speaker is obviously in deducing the power
i of Congress from the attribute of sovereignty, as
f I trust a few remarks I propose to make will
j show. For the third of these sources of power
j we are indebted to one of the most experienced
and intelligent Senators, whoever occupied a seat
among us. He said, upon that occasion," the Ter-
ritories are the children of the States—they are
minors, under twenty-one years of age, and it is
the business of the States, through their delega-
tions in Congress, to take care of these minors
until they are of age—until they are ripe for State
government—then to give them an equality with
their fathers." And, lie added, with character-
istic emphasis, "that is the law and the sense of
the case." - And thus the Constitution is not to
be merely interpreted, but it is to be interpolated,
and its supposed omissions are to be supplied by
useless analogies, drawn from youth and age, and
applied with equal rashness and confidence, where
there is no reason for application. Analogy is
not only utterly erroneous as a foundation of the
means of construction even, but here it is desti-
tute of any point of similitude; for the duration
of a territorial government has no connection
with the years of its organization, as that depends
wholly on the amount of population; a Territory
being entitled to admission into the Union as soon
as it possesses sixty thousand inhabitants, accord-
ing to the original arrangement, even if that event
| occur within six months, after the establishment
| of its temporary government.
I No reflecting person, sir, who reads in the
annals of mankind the story of the never-halting
tendency of every Government to increase its
power, can contemplate, without some anxiety,
the additional proof which we are contributing to
the experience of the world upon* this subject.
Analogies, derived from physical, are transferred
to political, life, and become the foundation of
some of the highest opWations of government;
and because a parent may rule a child, therefore
Congress may rule the Territories. Attributes
