1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
wounded by the action of the naval board in
placing his name on the reserved list. He alleges
that no sufficient reason can be assigned for this
decision; that his deportment as an officer and
a gentleman could not have furnished this reason;
and on these points he invites and defies the closest
scrutiny. Although sixty-nine years of age, he
is not left the poor consolation to believe that his
fate was determined by any fixed rule as to age,
for gentlemen older than himself had been retained
as officers in the active service; nor can the reason
be found in supposed bodily infirmity, for it is too
manifest that he is capable of enduring greater
physical labor than one half the members of
the naval board, who have adjudged themselves
efficient and worthy of promotion. With those
impressions ho appeals to Congress to redress his
wrongs by restoring him to the active service of
his country, and to the line of promotion in a ser-
vice to which he has devoted his energies and his
ambition.
A glance at the history of this offieer, and the
facts of his case, Mr. President, has served to
convince mo that he is one of the most meritorious
of the many officers who have appealed to the
Senate for relief from the decision of the late
retiring board. Quite confident I am, sir, that he
has been a gallant officer—one who has cheerfully,
in season and out of season, obeyed the call of his
country, and performed bravely and faithfully
every duty assigned to him during a long and
useful career.
As early as the year 1804, in the capacity of a
midshipman, he served on board the frigate Con-
stitution, then in the Mediterranean, attached to
the squadron of Commodore Barron. He re-
mained on board the Constitution during the time
that vessel was employed m blockading the port
of Tripoli. In 1809 he was promoted to a lieu-
tenancy, and placed on board the frigate Presi-
dent; out in 1812 he was again restored to the
Constitution,his favorite vessel, then commanded
by Captain Hull. He was on board that vessel
during its memorable chase and escape from five
ships of the enemy, an incident which excited
much interest in the early part of the late war
with Great Britain. He afterwards participated
in the terrible struggle between the Constitution
and the British frigate Guerriere, which resulted
in the capture of the latter; as he also, at a sub-
sequent period, had an honorable part in the cap-
ture of the enemy's ship Macedonian. For his
gallant conduct in these battles, he was presented
with a medal by Congress, as were his fellow-
officers. At a subsequent date—long afterwards,
indeed—the merchants of New York city gave
him a token of their respect and appreciation m
the shape of an elegant and valuable sword.
In the coursc of his career, Captain Rend has,
at different limes, been the commander of a brig,
a sloop, a frigate, and two squadrons, and has
twice been appointed to the command of the navy-
yard and station at Philadelphia, the duties of
each of which stations he discharged with ability.
I have deemed it just and proper to say what
I have just uttered touching the character and
career of a faithful officer; and whilst I cannot
butadmire his sensitiveness on that point, I would
not be understood as concurring entirely in the
impression so manifestly entertained by that gen-
tleman, that the naval board, by placing his name
on the reserved list, has cast reproach upon his
good name as an officer. Such is not my version
of their action. Such, surely, was not the inten-
tion of Congress, or the naval board, or the Presi-
dent. The purpose was far otherwise. It was
intended that veteran officers, like Stewart, and
Read, and others, who had served their country
so faithfully and brilliantly to the full ago allotted
to man, should be honorably relieved from active
service, and be ever after cherished by their coun-
try. For one, sir, I could not tolerate, for a mo-
ment, a law or a policy which, in its practical
workings, would cast the slightest'shade over the
reputation of these gallant men; but the law organ-
izing the late naval retiring board was not designed
to do this—its very letter forbids the conclusion—
nor do I think it can have that effect. Such will
not be the impression left on the public mind in
our day, or be the testimony of history. This new
feature m the organization of the Navy, so far as
it applies to those to whom I have referred, is at
most but a recognition of the laws of our fallible
nature, and the inevitable influences of time upon
the physical system^ whilst, at the same time,
manifesting the affection and care of the country
for her faithful servants. It is but the voice of the
country to those veterans who have served her so
long and so willingly, saying, " Well done, good
and faithful servants! You have filled the measure
of your country's glory! Your own honor is
complete, and ambition can find no resting-place
above your station. . You have given the dew of
your youth, the vigor of your manhood, and the
wisdom of age, to the service of the nation, and
henceforth you are to be cherished as her jewels;
and the story of your deeds of daring in her de-
fense, of your chivalrous bearing in battle, of
your fidelity, patriotism, and pure honor, is the
rich legacy she may hereafter claim." But that is
all. The Government, by her act, means only to
say, that, whilst she may avail herself of the wis-
dom of these veterans, she is not likely in the
future, come what may, to be selfish enough or
cruel enough to command their silvered locks and
enfeebled limbs to the battle scene, m defense of
tire young and vigorous.
But, Mr. President, I have already extended
these remarks beyond what I had intended. I
may, possibly, sir, at some future day, when the
bill reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs
shall be under consideration, express my views
on the whole subject of this naval reform, and the
influence it is likely to have upon the character of
that arm of the public service.
The memorial was referred to the Committee j
on Naval Affairs. 1
Mr. FTSH. I am requested to present the me- !
morial of underwriters of the city of New York, j
asking that the name of Commander Thomas R. i
Gedney may be removed from the furlough to the '
leave-of-absencc list. The Committee on Naval 1
Affairs having reported fully on the whole sub- i
ject, 1 presume they will really have no juris- !
diction over the application in this case; and I I
therefore ask that the petition be laid on the J
table. i
The motion was agreed to. }
DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON. '
Mr. CLAY presented a memorial of the Legis- j
lature of Alabama, in favor of abolishing the duty ;
oil railroad iron, or allowing a credit of six years ]
for the payment of duties upon all rails imported i
and laid down from 1850 to 1864; and he moved
that the resolutions be read, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The memorial was read.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, this is a
memorial from a highly respectable source, and
contains an elaborate argument on a very import-
ant subject. I think the argument presented in
the memorial contains some very erroneous views
on this subject. The motion, I understand, is to
print the memorial and refer it to the Committee
on Finance. I have no objection to the printing
of this memorial, as such is the practice of the
Senate; but I rise for the purpose of asking that
the motion to refer may be postponed until this
day week, as I desire to examine the argument
presented in the memorial, and I may have a
word or two to say in reply on the motion to
refer.
The memorial was ordered to be printed, and
the consideration of the motion to refer to the
Committee on Finance was postponed until
Tiiursday next.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to move that the
petition and papers of Peter Groverbe taken from
the files and referred to the Committee on Claims.
I deem it my duty to state that this is a petition
upon which an adverse report was made at some
past period,—I do not know exactly when, but !
not long ago; but as I wish to present additional i
testimony'derived from papers taken from the
files of the other House, I ask the Senate that >
the papers may be taken from the files and re- j
fcrred to the Committee on Claims. |
The motion was agreed to. I
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES, j
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mil- 1
itary Affairs, to whom was recommitted a bill
making appropriations for certain fortifications ,
in Florida,Texas, and California, with certain in-
structions, reported, in pursuance of those instruc- ,
tions, a bill making appropriations forcertain now |
fortifications; which was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, who were, by a resolution
of the Senate, instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of allowing a correction of a post-route
bill in Georgia, reported a joint resolution for the
relief of the Southwestern and Muscogee Railroad
Company; which was read a first time, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to present a report from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, in relation to
the claim of Lewis Ralston. They report, that
the claim arises under the sixteenth section of the
Cherokee treaty of New Echota. and is a proper
subject for adjudication by the Court of Claims.
The committee, therefore, asks to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Court of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of Hall
Neilson, reported a joint resolution for his relief;
which was read a first time and ordered to a sec-
ond reading. He also submitted a report on the
subject; which was ordered to be printed.
CHARGES AGAINST NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. TOOMBS. I submit the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy procure and lay
before the Senate, the charge or charges, cause or causes,
(specifically set forth by the members ofthe late naval board,)
for which the several officers of the Navy were removed or
disrated, who have applied to this body for redress against
the alleged injustice of the board, to the end that tile Senate
may judge whether or not the action of said boaul was in
conformity to the act passed 28th February, 1855, entitled
'•Ah act to promote the efficiency ofthe Navy."
llaolvrd, That the Secretary of the Senate furnish tho
Secretary of the Navy with a list of the memorialists who
have me'monahzed this body on the subject.
These are resolutions which simply call for
informauon fvom the Secretary of the Navy in
those cases where it is demanded by these officers,
as to the causes of their removal.
Mr. HALE. I wish to make a single sugges-
tion. The last resolution refers to those who
have presented memorials. There is one officer
(whom I have in my mind) who has not presented
a memorial himself, butm whose behalf memorials
have been presented. I wish that it may be so
amended as to include those m whose behalf me-
morials have been presented.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 agree to that.
Mr. SEWARD. I would ask whether the
resolution embraces the cases of the memorials
which shall hereafter be presented to the Senate?
Mr. TOOMB^. it does not.
Mr. SEWARD, f hope it may be amended
in that rcspect. I have some memorials yet to
present.
Mr. TOOMBS. I-will accept the amendments
suggested, so that the resolution will read, " a
list of the memorialists who have presented, or
may hereafter present, memorials to the Senate."
Mr. MASON. I ask that the resolutions may
be read, as modified.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy procuro and
lay before the Senate the ehaige or charges, cause or causes,
(specifically set lorth by the members of the late naval
board.) for which tho several officers of the Navy were re-
moved or disrated, who have applied or may apply, or in
whose behalfappheanons may have been pi evented, to the
Senate foi iedies- ag.un.^tthe alleged injustice of tin-, board,
to the end that the Senate may judge whethei or not the
action of said board was in coniormuy to the act passed
the vtfth ol February 18.33, entitled •' An act to promote the
eilieioncy of the Navy."
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate furnish the
Sceretaiv of the Navy wttn a h<t of the mcmouahsts who
have memorialized, or may memorialize, this body on the
subject.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope the Senate will not
consider these resolutions to-day. We have al-
ready made a call of a somewhat similar character.
The PRESIDENT. As objection is made, of
course the resolutions will lie over.
CUSTOM-I-IOUSE AT PLYMOUTH.
Mr. SUMNER submitted tho following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to consider the expediency ot providing ior the election of
a building at Plymouth, in Masj-achusctt-, lor the accom-
modation of the custom-house and post olfice.
DENMARK SOUND DUES.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit the following reso-
