nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15.
expended in payingaportion of her militia called
out at the request ot the War Department of the
United States by the Governor of Vermont in
1838and 18.'J9,for the purpose of maintaining our
neutrality laws, and of protecting the persons and
property of our citizens along the frontier, be-
tween the State of Vermont and the province of
Canada. The claim is based upon appropriations
actually made and expended by the State, and
without interest, although the money was ex-
pended some nineteen years ago; so that the
interest, if computed, is more than the principal.
But all we ask, and all this bill proposes, is the
payment of the principal. The claim has been
favorably considered by the House at different i
times since 3839, and has failed only for want J
of the concurrent action of the two Houses at |
the same Congress. It has never been reported j
upon adversely by either House. The claim is i
a just one, a clear one, and rests upon the au- j
thonty of precedent, of principle, and the observ- ;
ance of good faith. It would seem to be rather j
ungracious to reject this small claim, when you |
are appropriating hundreds of thousands and j
millions annually to different Stntes and Territo-
ries to indemnify them for expenses incurred for
suppressing Indian hostilities. Nine bundled
and thiity thousand dollars have been appropri-
ated, at once, to the State of California lor this j
pin pose. Other States have been indemnified by j
the General Government, for expenses incurred in j
suppressing insurrections along our frontiers. j
The services out of which this claim grows j
were deemed iiec  ssary by tin1 War Department j
and by the executive authority of Vermont, in i
Oider to maintain the integrity of our neutral re- j
lations, which weie seiiously tlueaieued, at the ;
time, along the Canada boideis. j
It will appear, fiom the correspondence in the j
ce.ee, that the attention of the Govetnor of the i
St cite of Vei inont was called to the Situation of the I
Canadian frontier by the Secretary of State of the ■
United States, by letter bearing date the 7th Dp- j
c,ember, 1837, and requiring him to use eveiy j
means and effort in his powei to preserve the j
neutral relations of the United States, at that time i
threatened by armed refugees from Canada, who 1
weie eolloet'-d upon the boideis, but within the
territories of the United States. It also appears,
from tin; evidence as embodied m the Mouse report
upon this subject, (hat, on the 5th of January,
1638, Governor Jenison, then the chief executive
magistrate of the State of Vermont, leceived di-
lectiotis from the War Department to place such
a nuiuia foice under the outers of Major Genera!
Scott, then commanding on the northern liontier,
as he might deem necessary and proper for Us
pioteeuon. it fmlhei apju ars, ft<>m the e\idence
eitibjaet d in the 1 To use jepoi t, that General Scott
assigned the c"iniu.uid oi* that poi lion of the fron-
tier lying along the northern line of Veimont to
Brigadier Geneial Wool, and at the same tune
addressed a letter to the Governor, authorizing
one bugade to be placed under his orders, in ense
he should deem it nece.-xai y.
It furthernppenrs,from the evidence in the case,
iis collated in the Jloine report, that General
"Wool, on his first visit, did not consider it neces-
sary lo call any mihtia force into the field; but that,
in the course of I he month of February, 1838, when
Li'ke Chuinpluin was impeded with lee, and the
eroding was hazardous, and General Wool being
ut thattime on the opposite side of the lake, in the
State of New Yoik, an in.suig« nt force—or what
w.is then called a Canadian patriot force — haung
broken open and robbed the assejial.it Elizabeth-
town, in the State of Now York, collected in arms
on the boideis of Vermont, and within the ter-
ritories of the (billed States, while an equal num-4 j
her of armed men, u ndor the authority of the local 1
government of Canada, were collected on the |i
Canadian sid" of the same fiontier. The report
proceeds further to state:
'k Tins undisciplined Canadian fotcc, whether prompted
bv the conduct of the icfiiijeev established \\ nine our limit-,
or liom u licitevLr other motive, smreptniou-Iy and in small
bamU cio-=-ed info the temtoiics of the TTntted States, am!
buna and de^tioj ed a lar<re amoiuit of propei t\ belon^in^
to the peaceable citizens or Vermont, thieatcmn<i, in p:u-
tiouiai, the towii-of Swanton, Sr Albans, Iliirhpate. and
Album; t'mttiie latter town raised .1 company of militia
tor tlieit own pio!«etion, which was afterwards appioved
oi bv the Governor of the State. The rest of the towns
applied to the Govornoi, and to General Wool, and, at the
^e^a'ter, a brigade was ordered out in the month
of February, 18C, ; but, befow th y were muptered, the
order was countermanded, in consequence of the refugees
having delivered up their anus and ditper&ed.
u The committee have concluded that the necessity for
catling out the mihtia paid by the State of Vermont was
such, an-mg tiom the danger of a violation of our neu-
trality, which was then imminently threatening, as to justify
the conduct of the Governor of Vermont andCencral Wool,
and to obviate the fact of their mihtia not havingbeen mus-
tered into the service b'.'ing set up a< an objection to the j
allowance of this claim; and they, therefore, without going |
futther into the men is ot the ease, content themselves with j
appending hereunto the tetter of the then Governor of Ver- |
mont, addressed to the Hon. John Smith, a member of the J
Hou^c, in 1840, a statement of the moneys expended by j
Vermont m payin? hermihtia, and defraying their expenses, j
and with reporting the accompanying bill, which they re-
commend be passed by the Houco."
I will also present the certificates from the
Secretary of State and Treasurer of the State,
showing the items of expenditure and the sums
expended by the State, for the mihtia called out
by the Governor, upon the requisition of General
Wool, and under the authority of the War De-
partment; and this presents the whole of the
case, and the ground of our claim to indemnity:
Secretary of State's Office,
i\}on'iPbLiKK, Fcbrumy 11, ISoO.
I hcrehv certify that the following sums have been ap-
propriated by the State of Vermont to defiiy the expenses
ol the militia called out at the lequest of the War Jlepait-
Jiit'iit of the Unit< d Stale*, by the authoi ity of Vcimout, m
the ye.us JK>8 and 1839. ioi the pmpo.se of piotectmg the
frontiers between this State and the piovince of Canada, as
follows, to Wit:
To the 11th leymient of militia under Colonel Cornelius
Stilphen, by act ol'November lf>, IttiQ  # 1,450 03
To ihe town of Albuig. by act of October 29,
]«40  657 18
To the 3-2th regiment, by act of Oetobei 04,18 b"), 4IJ7 61
To Lawienee Bramerd, by act of November II,
iy-11  5125
To Thonuus H. I''u!lei, l)\ act ol November 10,
IH-JI *   10 00
To Abel I)rmy, by art ot Novcmbet 1, 1SU  300 00
To town oi Aibutg, by act ol November 7, Irtk), 75 GG
To Jemme J. IJeaid.-ley. by act of 1847   80 00
Making 111 all the Mini of  .5-3 001 73
The dpp.op, latiuti to Abel Diuij, above named, was to
conipcn.s.ite bun loi the lo of a hou>>\ e.iu-.nl hy the oe-
eup;uion and use theieot b\ the 5-oJdien-.
In testimony wbcieof, 1 heieunto set my hand and affix
r, tin' '•eul ot thisj oifiee, this 11th day of February,
L1" s'-l A. I). 1S50.
FEUKANI) F. MFMtn Jj,
Keel ftct 1 if of Strrfc.
Amount of the abo\ <■> brought forwaul  ,$3,001 73
In addition to the above, a>5 per eeitineatcof
Heniy F. Janes, TieaMirer of the Stat'* of
Vnmonr, dated Febiuary 2t>, 1^10, the follow-
ing mini^ wcje pjud*
To the M'leetnien of the town of
$1G4 47
187 <>9
To the selectmen of jhi
tow n oi Fair-
To the M'h'Ctnii'n
ol
the
town
of
To 1 lie s, IrctnH'll
of
the
town
of
m
To the selectmen
of
the
town
of
2m\ anton 
i;.i or 
6'-i,oon 18
'Phew last a-n^unts pnnl to the selectmen of the seveial
tow ih wei <• lor - upphes lot nibbed the nnl.na. j
The hill w;e reported to the Senate without
nmondnirnt, oideicd to a third reading, read the ,
third time, and was passed. j
ntnvxn axi) curry. j
Mr. PTv'YItX'R, from the Committee on Fi- j
nati'v, to whom wos refcued the petition of.
George I.. Uowne and William Curry, reported 1
a lull _Yo. 4a."j)foi tin-ir lvdief; winch was read i
the Jhsf time, end ordered to a second reading. |
Mr. MA LLORY. 1 ask tin Sonatc to co'tisider ]
this hill now. It is a small matter, involving- only '
#200. ;
'i'he hill was lead the second time, and consid-
ered as ui Committee of the Whole. Its object
is to require the Secretary of the Treasury to re- ,
fund to Geoiye L. Udwijc and William Curry !
Sl-)0 Go, beinu; fifty per cent, of the amount of
duties paid to them by the collector at Key West, ,
on coals saved from the hull of the American ■
bark Rainbow, from Swansea, England, lost on
the Florida reef in August, 1855. :
The bill was reported to the Senate without'
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third .
reading, read the third time, and passed. 1
VALUE OF COINAGE. I
Mr. PEARCE. I have been directed by thejj
Committee on Finance to submit a report in >i
writing, and a joint resolution (S. R. No. 42) to
provide for the ascertaining of the relative value
of the coinage of the United States and Great
Britain, and fixing the relative value of the uni-
tary coins of the two countries.
The resolution was read a first time, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. PEARCE. As this resolution simply
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to have
certain inquiries answered, and a report made in
relation to the subject to which it refers, I hope
it may be the pleasure of the Senate to allow it to
be considered now. I shall not debate it at all.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to appoint some suitable person as
agent or commissioner, to confer with the proper
functionaries of Great Britain in relation to some
plan or plans of so mutually arranging the coins
of the two countries that the respective units
shall be thereafter accurately and exactly com-
mensurable, and to embody the result of such con*
ference in a statement or report to be laid before
Congress as early as practicable.
The resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment.
Mr. CASS. I would suggest that the commis-
sion appointed by the English Government for
the purpose of changing their currency, and insti-
tuting a decimal one, have reported unanimously
against it, so that there is no kind of possibility
of their changing, and I do not believe there is
any possibility of our changing.
Mr. PEARCE. This is only a report that is
aslced for.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the Senator from Mich-
gan is mistaken. Coinage is a royal prerogative
in England, and Parliament can only request a
change. Last summer, I think, the British Mouse
of Commons passed, on the motion of A1 r. Brown,
member for South Lancashire, a resolution to
adopt a new unit. I think this is the second time
it passed the House of Commons; but being a
royal preiogative, and the ministry being divided,
the object was not accomplished.
Mr. CASS. They appointed a committee of
the most eminent merchants of London, who are
always consulted before making changes of this
kind, and they have unanimously reported against
the change.
Mr. TOOMBS. The House of Commons ia
in favor of it.
Mr. IIUNTER. Let the resolution lie over.
Wo have no time to debate it.
Mr. PEARCE. Let us decide it without de-
bate. There is another object in the resolution—■
to correct the propoition between the dollar and
pound sterling, which is now, as everybody
knows, inaccurate. That is ail. I do not want
to debate it.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
preemption rights.
Mr. WILSON, agreeably to notice, asked and
obtained leave to bring m a bill (S. No. 456) in
addition to an act entitled " An act to appiopriate
the proceeds of the public lands, and to grant
preemption rights," approved September 4, 1841;
which was read n first and second time by its title.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I have intro-
duced this bill for the purpose of securing to the
people—to actual settlers—some portion of the
benefits of the huge giants made by Congress for
the constructions of ladroads. Congress, at this
session, has granted millions of acres of the pub-
he lands fri the construction of railroads. I have
voted most chcerfully for these grants of alternate
sections of the public domain for these improve-
ments in the new States. The prominent inter-
ests of those Sfatrs and of the whole country
will, in my opinion, be promoted by these srants.
But it cannot be denied that objections exist to
these grants on the ground that the public lands
pass into the control of large corporations, and
into the hands of speculators, and are often held
at advanced prices for the purposes of specula-
tion. Tins bill proposes to remedy these objec-
tions; to secure to the people — to actual settlers
-—to the men who are to cultivate these acres —
the reserved alternate sections at the price of two
dollars and fifty cents per acre. This policy, if
adopted, will encourage internal improvements,
