1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
when the bill was passed. Agreeing with him, I
think it istan occasion when some notice should
be given, that the mind of the Senate may be
directed towards it, and that the absent Senators
may have an opportunity of coming in. If the
action of the President is to be overruled, it must
be by a constitutional majority of two thirds. I
shall interpose no obstacles whatever to any rea-
sonable time for the reconsideration; but the Sen-
ate have kindly assented that I should be heard
to-morrow on the naval bill, and I prefer that that
privilege should not be taken away by interpos-
ing the action of the Senate on this bill. I under-
stood-the Senator from Louisiana, first, to suggest
'Thursday, I think.
Mr. BENJAMIN". I yielded to the sugges-
tion of my colleague on the Committee on Com-
merce, [Mr. Stuart,] and fixed to-morrow. I
think we can dispose of it to-morrow without in-
terfering with the right of the Senator from Vir-
ginia to the floor.
Mr. CASS. Oh, no.
Mr, MASON. There will be debate upon the
subject, you may depend upon it.
Mr. BENJAMIN, The President has given
us no new objections.
Mr. STUART. I consider that we are under
obligations, if the Senator/rom Virginia requests
it, to allow him to proceed to-morrow. I would
therefore suggest Wednesday for the considera-
tion of this subject. I believe wc arc not under
' a promise to hear any Senator on Wednesday*,
and I think we should consider this suhject af the
earliestdaypracticablewith the common courtesy
of the Senate. I suggest, therefore, to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, if it will suit him, to name
Wednesday.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I agree to that suggestion.
The PRESIDENT. It is moved to postpone
the further consideration of this subject until
Wednesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr BENJAMIN. I take it for granted that
the message will be printed without an order.
The PRESIDENT. It will require an order.
There being no objection, the message was
ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will lay before
the Senate a further message from the President.
The Secretary read the veto message in relation
to the act making an appropriation for deepening
the channcl over theSt. Clair flats, in the State of
Michigan; which the President says he submitted
for reconsideration, because, in his judgment, it
was liable to the objections to the prosecution of
internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment, which he has alreadyprcsented in previous
communications to Congress. In considering this
bill under the restriction that the power of Con-
gress to construct a work of internal improve-
ment is limited to cases in which the work is
manifestly needful and proper for the execution
of some one or more of the powers expressly del-
egated to the General Government, he says he has
not been able to find for the proposed expenditure
any such relation, unless it be to the power to
provide for the common defense, and to maintain
an Army and Navy. But a careful examination
of the subject, with the aid of information offi-
cially received since his last annual message was
communicated to Congress, has convinced him
that the expenditure of the sum proposed would
serve no valuable purpose as contributing to the
common defense, bccause all which could be
effected by it would be to afford a channel of
twelve feet depth, and of so temporary a charac-
ter that, unless the work was done immediately
before the necessity for its %ise should arise, it
could not be relied on for the vessels of even the
small draft the passage of which it would per-
mit. Under existing circumstances, he thinks it
could not be considered as a necessary means for
the common defense,and thatitis subject to those
objections which apply to other works designated
to facilitate commerce, and contribute to the con-
venience and local prosperity of those more im-
mediately concerned, an object not to be consti-
tutionally and justly attained by the taxation of
the people of the whole country.
Mr. STUART. I will suggest that this mes-
sage be postponed to the same time fixed for the
consideration of the other.
The motion was agreed to; and the message
was ordered to be printed.
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back House bill
(No. 152) making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1857, with
amendments. 1 move that this bill be taken up
by general consent, and made the special order for
to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock. I hope
to get through with it in half an hour.
The motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CASS. The Senator from Massachusetts
has kindly permitted me to say a word to the
Senate before he commences his speech. On
Saturday there was published in the Union an
extract from a letter of the British Minister in
this country to his Government. On the same
day I saw the whole integral letter in what is
calLed the English Blue-Boole, containing all the
correspondence and official documents published
by that Government in reference to the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. In that letter, the British Minister
mentions that he had a conversation with me in
January, 1853. He has misunderstood two facts
that took place, or misunderstood my opinion in
two respects. He says that he understood me,
in this conversation, to say that, after the disclos-
ure of what may be called the rider to the Clay-
ton-Bulwer treaty—that is, the paper signed by
the American and British negotiators rcstiicting
the operation of the treaty—if I had known its
existence, I should not have introduced a resolu-
tion calling for the warrant from the British Gov-
ernment establishing; a colonial government for
Roatan, and the other Bay Islands. He also
states that he understood me to say that I con-
sidered Roatan and those islands the "depend-
encies" described m that rider to the treaty.
The British Minister has wholly misunderstood
me—I will not say he has misrepresented me, for
I have no right to use that term. 1 presume there
has been some mistake on his part. 1 will take
an early opportunity, when the Senate are more
at leisure than now, to ask them to hear me on
this subject.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Wholo, resumed the consider-
ation of the hill (S. No. 172) to authorize the
people of the Territory of Kansas to form a con-
stitution and State government, preparatory to
their admission into the Union, when they have
the requisite population.
Mr. SUMNER spoke for three hours without
concluding, when he yielded the floor for an ad-
journment; and,
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 19, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chapkin, Rev. Daniel Wai.do.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
SURETIES OF ROBERT KING, DECEASED.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of a bill (H. R. No. 135) for the
relief of the legal representatives and sureties of
Robert King, deceased. Upon that question the
House has ordered the previous question; and
the first question is upon the amendment moved
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
as a substitute for the bill.
The amendment was as follows:
That the district attorney of the United States for the
district of E:ist Tennessee be authorized, and he is hereby
directed, to dismiss the suit by him instituted in favor of the
United States on the official bond against tiic suietiesof
the late Robert Kmg, former pension agent at Knovvilie,
Tennessee; and that the claim of the United States founded
upon said bond, and sought to be enforced in Find suit
against said sureties, be, and the same is hereby, lcleased
and discharged.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SNEED moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which lat-
i ter motion was agreed to.
RELIEF TO CAPE DE VERDE ISLANDS.
The SPEAKER announced that the next busi-
ness in order was the consideration of a motion
to suspend the rules, made by Mr. Wheeler
on Monday last, to enable him to introduce the
following resolution:
A Joint Resolution in reference to the Sufferers at the Cape
de Verde Islands.
Whereas, in consideration of the great destitution now
existing at the Cape de Verde Island.-*, the necessity which
demands that the inhabitants of those island* should have
relief irom the famine winch is now destroying them, the
deep sympathy their condition has excited in this country,
and the benevolent effort now making by our people to send
them immediate relief: Theiefore
Be it rcsoiied, That, so soon as it shall be notified to
the President, by any committee of citizens donating a caigo
of food for giatuitous distribution on those islands, tiiat i*e
be, and hereby is, requested to cause the Secretary of the
Navy to detail a crew for the vessel provided for the trans-
poitation of said cargo, not exceeding twenty-five seamen
and ordinary seamen, and to provide them with rations for
four mouths, said crew to be detailed from any men m the
naval service, on the requisition of the commander of the
vessel who shall be commissioned by the donors, or com-
mittee of said donors, to deliver said cargo at the islands
afoi esaul.
Mr. KELLY. Is this resolution debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable on a
motion to suspend the rules, which is the motion
now pending.
Mr. KELLY. Would it be in order to have
read a memorial in regard to this matter?
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous conscnt.
Mr. KELLY. I hope it will then be read, in
order that members may act intelligently upon
the subject.
No objection being made, the letter was read,
as follows:
Most*Exc ellent and Reverend Sir : The alimentary
crisis winch manifested itself m various parts of Europe,
from excessive or premature rams, destroying a large pro-
portion of the crops, has picsented itself in these islands,
on a much moie extended scale; for the wanl of water*
during the right season, destroyed the young crop, which
until that time had given the most flattering hopes of an
abundant harvest, winch would have compensated [for the
fcaicity of the tevo preceding years ; and now the people
here find themselves struggling with the terrible scouige of
lanune, which is destroying them; and 1, as their pastor
and prelate, cannot and ought not to be insensible to the
great evil which afflicts them, especially as I cannot relieve
them as I wish in their misery and misfortunes. For this
leason, I have recourse to the well-known charity of you?
Excellency, trusting that you will use your influence with
the people of your diocese, to open a subscription for the
benefit of these people, who are without resources, as also
with the other moat worthy bishops m the United States of
America, that they may also open subscriptions m their
dioceses, which should all be laid out in articles of food
lor th« relief of these people, the want which they already
cxpouence, and of which they are victims, if your Excel-
lency assents, as I trust you will, to the petition which I
make with pity and gnef, and which appears tome so just,
so Christian—if your Excellency, filled with compassion for
this severely-afflicted people, should request the other mo«t
woi thy bishops of the United States of America to encour-
age subscriptions in their dioceses for the benefit of this
people—lfyour Excellency will laise your voice (which will
be echoed from all parts) to advocate the cause of humanity,
surely no one in the United States will fail to unite with
your Excellency in an act of benevolence so pleasing in the
sight of God—that of feeding the hungry; no one in the
United States will fail to send your Excellency their dona-
tions for thesuccorof this unhappy people, (whose extreme
necessity afflicts me excessively, and pricks mc to the heart,)
to alleviate the terrible consequences of a scourge which
oppresses and carries them to their graves.
And now, in behalf of humanity, scourged by a terrible
visitation, (perhaps the greatest with which Divine justice
chastises us,) I implore your Excellency to do me thiikavor,
which I hope to obtain : for a prelate, adorned with virtues
like your Excellcncv, loving his flock, and who m similar
circumstances would use similar means to succor thein,
cannot refuse to grant the petition of another prelate, how-
ever unworthy of that high dignity, but who would not
hesitate to sacrifice himself—to give his life for his flock—
who begs, who prays, who implores the cooperation of
your Excellency to obtain alimentary relief for the said
flock, which is dying of want and misery, and for whose
benefit I have already dispensed all that it was in my power
to bestow. Having "exhausted all our own means, u only
remains for us to appeal to the charity of the public; and
as the ciisis in which these people find themselves is most
pitiful and grievous, I have not hesitated for an instant to
apply to your Excellency, entreating your cooperation in
behalf of this people, who, in spite of the equitable charity,
though daikencd and blackened by slanderers and monopo-
ly, who hope to thrive and enrich themselves with the
profits they expect to leap from the calamity wmch afflicts
this province of i-lands, and who ought to be filled with
hoiror to see their brothers, their fellow creatures, the
victims of such a terrible scourge, (moie especially a* this
scourge is the chastisement of Divine justice)—m spite, I
say, of the equitable charily dispensed by the Governor
General of this province, who has already availed himself
of all the pecuniary means on which he could lay hands to
aid them m this great calamity, which extends moie or less
over all the islands of this aichipelago. but especially in
those ofFogo, Boa Vista, St. Nicolaun,and Santo Antonio
—who has already promoted subscriptions amongst the
