1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
519
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
eise legislation over the Territories," to adopt the
phraseology of the clause just referred to and used
by the convention, when it intended to grant the
power of eovernment in exceptional cases. But
the Constitution contains no such clause nor
words, and their place is not to be supplied by-
forced constructions, founded upon no just prin-
ciple of interpretation, and at war with the first
elements of human freedom. As Judge McLean
well remarks, " Such a power was given in rela-
tion to the District of Columbia, and it was equal-
ly necessary in regard to other Territories; but
it is not there, and no power but that of the peo-
ple can place it there.
The cause of the failure of the convention to
make provision in the Constitution for the gov-
ernment of Territories was well explained by the
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Geyer] in his pow-
erful and interesting discussion of this general
•subject. The ordinance of 1787, which preceded
the signing of the Constitution, had exhausted
the territorial possessions, then belonging to the
United States. It provided for the political or-
ganization of the whole Western Territory, as
it%-aa called, being the country north of the Ohio,
and east of the Mississippi, making both tempo-
rary and permanent arrangements for its condi-
tion. And this accounts for the fact, that the
proposition of Mr. Madison, to make provision
for a power of government, was negatived in the
convention, evidently under the conviction, that
the whole subject had been disposed of by the
ordinance of 1787; but the power of regulation
and sale, making part of the proposition, was
accepted and adopted into the Constitution, be-
cause the title yet remained in the United States.
Much of the confusion, which accompanies this
subject, has obviously arisen from confounding
the word " territory, as used in the Constitution,
with the word " Territories," as applied by law
and by custom to political communities, as the
term " colonies'' is applied in England and to such
an extent has this gone, that we find the phrase
often quoted as a constitutional provision, that
Congress shall have power to regulate the Terri-
tories of the United States
Mr. Venable said in the House of Representa-
tives:
" Sir, the Constitution provides for Territories as prop-
erty, and authorizes Congress to dispose of and make all
■eedful rules and regulations."
And what is less excusable is the commission
of the same error by Chancellor Kent, Who, in his
Commentaries on the Constitution, equally mis-
quotes that instrument—milking it read:
" Confess shall have power to dispose of and make all
■eedful rales and regulations respecting the TerrUoritt, or
other property of the United States."
riad we retained the appellation'«colonies," this
confusion would have Men avoided, and this claim
of political jurisdiction never have arisen, under
the power to sell land, for then we should have
had no double meaning attached to - the same
word.
The political organization of the Territories is
not provided for in the Constitution, any more
than it was provided for in the old Articles of Con-
federation. With respect to the latter, Mr. Mad-
ison said that, in creating temporary governments
over the Territories, Congress had acted without the
least color of constitutional authority. He justified
the act by " the public interest, the necessity of
the case, [which] imposed on them the tasK of
overleaping their constitutional limits." And
he added: " yet no blame has been whispered."
And such is precisely the condition of the re-
lation between Congress and the Territories under
the Constitution, and such and no other is. the
justification, excuse rather, as far as it goes, for
congressional action—what Mr. Jefferson calls
" an excess of authority, for which a Represent-
ative is responsible, when," as he says, " he
must throw himself upon his country for his ex-
cuse for doing the act." And such act must
extend no further than to comply with the neces-
sity which calls it into being. I call the attention
• of the Senator from New York to the language
of Mr. Madison, which I Tiave quoted.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator mis-
understood me. My point is—and, if the honor-
able Senator will allow me, at some time in the
course of his argument, I will give a reference to
the letter—that the language used in the Federal-
ist is such as to show, that political government,
as well 'as the power to dispose or the public
lands, was included in the article of the new Con-
stitution, which authorizes Congress to regulate
and dispose of the territory.
Mr. CASS, tlow could Mr. Madison so con-
tend when he had himself said that there was
not the slightest authority for such a powerunder '
the Confederation, and had introduced into the
convention two propositions—which were quoted
by my friend from Missouri [Mr. Geter] m his
very able and excellent speech—one authorizing
Congress to regulate and dispose of the public
domain, which was adopted, and another giving
the power of government, which was refused ? No
man understood the whole subject better than
he did.
The following extract is from an able review of
the subject by Judge McLean:
" The true construction of the Constitution is, that im-
plied powers can only be exercised in carrying into effect a
specified power, and this implication is limited to such meas-
ures as shall be appropriate to the object. This is an ad-
mitted and safe rule of construction. It is believed to be
the only one which has been sanctioned by jurists and
statesmen. Powers exercised beyond this are not derived
from the Constitution, but must depend upon unlimited
discretion, and this is despotism. Now there is no specific
power in the Constitution which authorizes the oiganiza-
tion of territorial governments. Such a power was given
in relation to the District of Columbia, and it was equally
necessary in regard to the other Territories. But if this
power is implied from thespeciflc power given to regulate the
disposition of the public lands, it must, under the above
rule, be limited to means suitable to the end in view. If
Congress go beyond this in the organization of a territorial
government, they act without limitation, and may establish
a monarchy. Admit that they may organize a government
which shall protect the land purchased, and provide for the
administration of justice among the settlers, it does by no
"means follow that they may establish slavery. This is a
relation which must be created by the local sovereignty. It
is a municipal regulation of limited extent, and necessarily
, of an equally limited origin. It is a domestic relation over
j^Bhich the Federal Government can exercise no control."
|| Judge McLean lajrs down the proper bound-
| ary of congressional interposition. It should be
confined to the organization of governments, leav-
I ing untouched the domestic relations, whether of
I' husband and wife, of parent and child, of master
' • and servant, or of any other of the social condi-
!, tions " over which the Federal Government can
i; exercise no control." And this is in conformity
11 with the views of Mr. Madison, who said:
! | " This power of governing a people without representa-
; tion is in suspension of the great principle of self-govern-
ment, and not to be extended further, nor continued longer,
than the occasion might fairly require."
' I The power, then, however derived, is confined
to the establishment of Territories, and to the
organization of their go'unments, leaving the
inhabitants in possessioi^^f the rights of in-
ternal administration, to be exercised at their
pleasure, subject only to the Constitution of the
United States.
Beyond this establishment and organization,
there is no necessity for the action of Congress,
as the people are fully competent to administer
their own domestic affairs, and-the power, being
derived from necessity, stops where the necessity
ceases. In a written Constitution like ours, where
we have a perpetual standard, to which legisla-
tive powers may be applied, and by which their
obligation may be tested, the authority of prece-
dent is entitled to far less weight, than where po-
litical institutions depend upon tradition for their
organization. There is no doubt, but that the
constitutional government early placed itself, with
respect to the Territories, in the relation pre-
viously occupied by its confederated predecessor,
and went on withithe same legislative and execu-
tive work; but, so far as we know, this process
provoked no investigation. There is not the
slightest reason to believe, that, for many years
after the adoption of the Constitution, the con-
stitutional principles involved in this ex'ercise of
power were made the subject of examination.
The cotemporaneous debates reflect no light upon
this subject. It seems to have been conceded,
or silently acquiesced in, without direct conces-
sion, that Congress should proceed and fulfill the
functions, which had been discharged by the
Legislature of the Confederation; and it was not
till 1820, upon the approach of the Missouri con-
troversy, that this questionunderwenta searching
investigation. Certainly, the sub silentio assump-
tion of jurisdiction is but a sandy foundation for
the exercise of power under a Constitution as vig-
ilantly guarded as ours. It wants something far
more solid than that to justify the superstructure
of authority, which we nave seen erected upon it.
In this uncertainty we are left without the means
of judging what different clauses of the Consti-
tution were relied upon by different members of
the Legislature, each in support of his own opin-
ion, whether the land-disposing power, the State
admitting-power, the treaty-malcing power, or
any other power, through the long catalogue of
enumerated grants, including the action from
necessity, as the grant which conferred this juris-
diction upon the National Legislature. Opinions
then may have been as various as they are now.
Surely the assumption of the right of legislation
under these circumstances carries with it no such
weight of opinion, as would give any authority to
the interpretation of adoubtful constitutional prin-
ciple. The fact is, that thirty years of legislation
are lost, so far as regards the effect of precedent;
and till the Missouri compromise there was no
such contest of mind as, when continued, is sure
to separate truth from error, and to establish the
ascendency of the just principles of the Consti-
tution.
So far as respects my own personal views, I
beg leave to say, that my opinion of the want
of constitutional power in Congress to exerciso
political jurisdiction over the TerntoriesMias been
long entertained and expressed. In the Wash-
ington Globe of March 31, 1832, may be found
a review of the decision of the Supreme Court
upon the Cherokee question, in Georgia, which
was written by me, and read to and approved by
General Jackson, and by my colleagues of the
Cabinet, and in which I said :
" The power to dispose of, and make needful rules and
regulations respecting the property of the United States,
and the power to exercise general jurisdiction over persons
upon it, are essentially different and independent. The
former is general, and is given in the clause referred to.
The latter is special, and is given ill another clause, and
confined to the Federal district, and to places purchased by
consent of the Legislature of the State in which the same
shall be, for the erection of forts, magazines, arsenals,
dock-yards, and other needful buildings."
The principle of the establishment of' local
governments by a metropolitan authority, and
the administration of such governments by those
over whom they operate, is familiar to every
American. It forms a memorable chapter in our
colonial history, its violation by the British Par-
liament having constituted tne great political
oppression, which led to theWar of Independence.
It was announced in the declaration of the Con-
tinental Congress of 1774, in these words: The
English colonists " are entitled to a free and
exclusive power of legislation in their several
prpvincial Legislatures, where their rights of
representation can alone be preserved in all cases
of taxation and internal polity," &c.
From the preceding considerations, it follows' '
that, when Congress establishes a Territory and
organizes its government, it has exhausted its
power, and the people of such Territory have the
. right to adjust every question of their " internal
polity," to use woras rendered dear by the patri-
archs of the Revolution, in the mode most accept-
able to themselves, subject only to the Consti-
tution.
In these days of political metaphysics, it has
been objected to this view of the relations sub-
sisting between the General Government and its
Territories, that there is not a fixed tangibla
boundary between the power of the superior
authority and that of the dependent one"; that in
the organization of these temporary governments,
Congress have assumed many ^wers incompat-
ible with territorial self-government; and those
thus objecting would, therefore, test the existence
of a principle of human freedom by its liability to
abuse. No doubt but these organic acts have
gone too far in interfering with the rights of peo-
ple dep'Hvcd of representation in the body assum-
ing to govern them. Those legislators who find
in the Constitution a direct grant of unlimited
power, have only their own discretion to consult
in its exercise; but those who deduce such an
authority from the necessity of the action ofjCon-
gress to preserve social order, or to carrv«.nto
effect any granted power, are bound not to exceed
the limits prescribed by their own principle, but
