THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, £>. C.
Thirty-Fourth Comgress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 16, 1856.
New 134.-
and promote the growth of the sections of the
country where these grants are made. Its adop-
tion will discourage speculations in the public
lands, and promote the reciprocal interests of
those engaged in the construction of railroads,
and the. actual settlers of the country on the line
of those improvements.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
POST ROAD BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr.CoLLOM, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 568) to establish
certain post routes.
Mr. YULEE. I ask that the bill just received
from the House may be read twice, with a view
to reference.
The bill was read twice by its title.
Mr. YULEE. I will take this occasion to say
that the Post Office Committee will meet to-mor-
row morning, and act on this bill; so that, if Sen-
ators have memorials or resolutions in regard to
post routes to be referred to the committee, they !
had better present them at once. I move that 1
the bill be referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
MEW MEXICAN INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. SEBASTIAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 41) m relation to Indian depre-
dations in New Mexico; which was read the first
time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. This resolution was adopt-
ed by the Senate as an amendment to the Indian
appropriation bill, but has been disagreed to by
the House. I present it as a separaie measure,
at the request of the Delegate from New Mexico;
and I hope the Senate will consider and pass it
at once.
The joint resolution was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to cause an investigation to be made of the
claims that may have been presented for depre-
dations by Indians in the Territory of New Mex-
ico, and report them to Congress at the next
session, enumerating particularly such as come
within the provision of the intercourse act.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PATAPSCO RIVER.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to give notice that ?
shall to-morrow ask a vote on the bill making an
appropriation for the improvement of the Pataps-
co river, which has been recently vetoed by the
President. To-morrow morning, before one
o'clock, I shall ask for a vote upon that subject.
RHODES AND AUSTILL.
Mr. YULEE. I am directed by the Committee j
on Claims to report back a bill from the Court of1
Claims for the relief of Thomas Rhodes and Jer- '
emiah Austill. As this bill will have to go to the ;
House, I ask that it be considered now. The j
Senate committee have reported fifteen times in j
favor of it, and the court unanimously recommend .
it. I ask for its consideration now. ;
The bill was read twice, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole. I
It proposes to direct the payment to Rhodes &
Austill of $4,000 in full for their expenses in- ;
eurred in making a road from Mobile, Alabama, j
to Pascagoula bay, for the transportation of the j
mails in 1808. j
Mr. HALE. Is there a report in that case' ;
Mr. YULEE. The bill is from the Court of j
Claims. ;i
Mr. HALE. Let the report be read. It is an
old affair.
The Secretary read the report. i
Mr. HALE. 1 desire to know whether we
have passed any other bills from the Court of ■
Claims at this session ? '
1.14
Mr. BRODHEAD. Plenty of them—a very
considerable number.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to discuss this
bill. I vote for it for the reasons assigned by the
committee, but I do not admit that the Court of
Claims govern my votes.
Mr. STUART. I should like to have a "ques-
tion connected with this subject explained by the
committee. As I understand the matter, a bid
was made to carry the mail over a certain route,
provided $4,000 should be appropriated to im-
prove the road, and that bid was accepted. Upon
that state of the case, the Court of Claims have
decided that the United States are bound to pay
the $4,000. Now, if any Senator knows of any
authority on the part of the Postmaster General
to receive proposals for carrying the mails,
coupled with a condition that he shall make the
highways over which to carry them, 1 trust he
will inform me where that authority comes from.
I should beveiy glad to hear some explanation.
Mr. YULEE. lean state, ma very few words,
the facts in reference to this matter. Under a
resolution of Congress, which authorized a cer-
tain route to be adopted, if it were deemed ad-
visable by the Postmaster General, a contract was
made wtiich involved the opening of a road. The
road cost £8,000, but the sum proposed was $4,000.
The Postmaster General subsequently thought
that, although the contractors had been author-
ized to make the road, there was no authority to
pay them for it, and the matter was referred to
Congress. Fifteen reports were made succes-
sively in favor of the payment, but the bill never
got through. It was finally s^nt to the Court of
Claims, who have reported favorably. Judge
McLean, who was then Postmaster General,
wrote a letter stating that the claim was equita-
ble, and ought to i e paid, but to pay it required
legislation. The Court of Claims, upon exam-
ination, decided the parties should not receive the
§8,000, although tlieie v/as full proof it cost them
$8,000, but must be limited to $4,000, the sum
they named in their proposals. The court decidc
that the resolution of Congress involved the au-
thority to make a road. We have not time to go
into the particulars, but that is what the court
state s
Mr. HUNTER. This is the spectacle which
we see presented. Notwithstanding the condition
of the general appropriation bills, they cannot
be considered; but we take up private claims and
debate them. They can be considered when the
general appropriation bills cannot.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour for
the special order has arrived, and it must be taken
up, unless otherwise directed by the Senate.
IOWA SENATORSHIP ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I submit a motion to post-
pone the special order, and take up the civil
appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is the case of the Iowa contested senatorial
election.
Air. HARLAN. I hope it will not be post-
poned.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a ques-
tion of privilege relating to the right to the seat
of the Senator from Iowa on -this floor, and
was yesterday made the special order for twelve
o'clock to-day.
Mr.PUGH. I ask the Chair what question there
is before the Senate ? A petition was presented
to us, and a motion made yesterday to reftr it to a
committee. Then I understood the Senator from
Iowa to say lie wished to send some papers to
the committee with it; and I do not see that there
is any question before the Senate, except to re-
ceive the papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is a ques-
tion on the reference of the papers on the files of
the Senate to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HUNTER. If there was anything here
affecting the rights of the Senator from Iowa, I
ceitainly would not interpose; but I understand
there is nothing affecting his case. I do not ask
even that we shall decide on the reference; I
move to postpone that and all prior orders foe
the purpose of taking up the appropriation, bill;
I do not see that that affects his right* because it
suspends the motion to refer everything in regard
to his case.
Mr. HARLAN. I insist on my right to be
heard, and I shall not occupy more time than the
Senator from Virginia yesterday.
Mr. CLAYTON. I hope the Senator from
Virginia will yield, and let the Senator from
Iowa be heard. Undoubtedly he ought to be.
heard. The better way to get along with the
appropriation bills is to let this matter be disposed
of.
Mr. HUNTER. I merely wish to have the
sense of the Senate. If they think the Senator
has a right to go on, and go on in preference to
the appropriation bills, they will say so, and I
shall be relieved from all responsibility.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yesterday,
the hour of twelve to-day was fixed for the con-
sideration of the question of the right of the
Senator from Iowa to his seat. The Chair is
under the impression it is a question of privilege
relating to his right to a seat as a member of this
body. If the Senate think otherwise, the Chair
will acquiesce. I understand the Senator from
Virginia to raise the point of order, whether the
Senate cannot postpone this subject.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know that there is
anything to be postponed. I submitted the ques-
tion of what business the Senate would take up.
Mr. WELLER. As 1 understand it, this prop-
osition comes up as a question of privilege; but
it is m order to postpone that, and all other sub-
jects which may -be before the Senate, for the
purpose of proceeding to the consideration of
something else. The Senator from Virginia makes
that motion.
The PRESIDENT po terry ere. The Chair
will state the question, in order to take the senso
of the Senate. Senators in favor of postponing
the ppecial order, will say " Ayss 
Mr. HALE. It seems to me that, if a ques-
tion of privilege may be postponed by a mere
naked majority of the Senate, it is divested of its
privilege altogether. A question of privilege is
one that overrides all others. This question re-
lates to the right of a member to his scat. Jt is
one of privilege. It is not in the .power of the
Senate, by a mere majority vote, to deprive a
Senator, when his right is questioned, of the op-
portunity of being heard. The very name of the
question, being one of privilege, prevents it front
being thus disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER. Let u^ see what will be the
efT'-ct of that doctrine. We arc to adjourn on
Monday. We have no previous question here;
and if the Senate has no right to postpone thi*
question, me session may be spoken out. A Sen-
ator has nothing to do but speak from now to
Monday, and ail other business is gone. If the
Senator from Iowa claimed to be heard before
anything was decided in regard to his case, there
might be something in the claim. It is not, how-
ever, proposed to decide, but to postpone the ques-
tion. It has been postponed all the session so
far. The question was raised originally by a pe-
tition. It has been postponed, and the Senate can
postpone any question, I presume. If not, where
should we be ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chairs
will state ihe «,*i.&tion for the judgment of the
Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not like to interpose to
interrupt the proper current of business; but I
do not regard this as a question of privilege in the
aspect in which it now appears. In all parlia-
mentary bodies, it seems to me that the first thing
which should he done, -.j to inquire whether
there is a question about the right to the seat of
a membc-r^but that riot ha zing been decided,and
this being a mere question of reference to a com-
mittee to inquire into it, and on that inquiry make
a renort whether he is entitled or not entitled, it
is not now a question of privilege. It will become
