520
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 12,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
to leave to the people the enjoyment of all rights
compatible with this duty of organization. Cer-
tainly there may be honest differences of opinion
as to the necessary extent of these paramount reg-
ulations, providing1 the rules of administration,
touching the appointment of officers, the quahfi-
•cations of voters, and various other points relat-
ing to the institution of a government. For my-
self, I believe that the Federal Legislature has
gone too much into detail in this exercise of a
power, which, as Mr. Madison said, is in suspen-
sion of human freedom, and that the management
of all their concerns, after setting the Government
in operation, should be left to the people them-
selves. But, after making allowance for these
different views, when we come to the internal
affairs of a remote territorial people^-to those
sacred domestic relations, which no foreign au-
thority can touch without an act of unmitigated
despotism, we reach a practical boundary which
no Congress of Washington or of Westminster
should overstep. There is no necessity to justify
such interference, and therefore no rightful power
to assume it. Our revolutionary fathers were too
clear-headed to lose themselves in the mazes of
such subtile logic, and admitted the principle of
organization, even with the doubts which might
sometimes arise in its practical-application.
The people of the Territories do not derive this
attribute of self-government—the power of in-
ternal legislation—as a boon from Congress. All
they derive from tliat body is the opportunity of
exercising it; and even this they may rightfully
assume by their own act, whenever the National
Legislature refuses, or unreasonably delays,
measures of organization, as in the case of Cali-
• fornia, where the people were driven, in the main-
tenance of social order, to those first principles
of self-defense, which belong not less to com-
munities than to individuals, and which neither
predicates nor copulas, nor all the apparatus of
verbal logic, can wrest from them. I do not speak
of a revolution. That is the ultimate resort for
oppression. I speak of rights and necessary acts
within the proper allegiance of a colonial com-
munity to a paramount authority.
The just foundation of local legislation is laid
downin the Declaration oflndependence, wherein
it is said: " Legislative powers, incapable of an-
nihilation,"have returned to the people at large
for their exercise." Returned to the fountain"
whence they issued—to the people to whom they
belong—not to king, Congress, nor Parliament.
It will be observed that, in this analysis, I have
examined the question as a general one, within
the Constitution, of the legislative power of the
people of the Territories under acts of organiza-
tion, where no specific objects are enumerated
over which legislation may extend. The Kansas-
Nebraska acts, however, render a decision of the
general question unnecessary, for they contain an
express grant—recognition, rather—of the right
of the people of these Territories to regulate the
condition of slavery for themselves, unless pro-
hibited by the Constitution of the United States.
Is there such a prohibition? I believe there is
not; and I submitted my views upon the subject in
this body at some length on the passage of these
acts. I will not go over the question again at this
time, for I feel that I am already trespassing too
much on the indulgence of the Senate.
But I will add,sir, that the honorable Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] mistakes the
position of the two distinguished gentlemen, to
whom he alluded in his remarks the other day,
if, as I understood him, he suppod&s that in their
opinion the people of a Territory ought not to
have the right t<yregulate the question of slavery j
for themselves, -i hese gentlemen are the Pros- j
ident of the United States, and the chairman of j
the Committee on Territories, the member from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.] I am gratified in being
able to assure the Senator from Mississippi ,that 1
they have both announced their adhesion.to this
American principle of self-government. The
former calls it" the true principle of leaving each !
State and Territory to regulate its own laws of
labor according to its own sense of right and
expediency." The latter, when the Kansas and
Neb|dska acts were undter discussion, took the
oppoftunity of referring to and reaffirming the
sentiments on this subject which he had avowed
and supported while the billsforthcestablishment
of governments in Utah and New Mexico were
under consideration. When a proposition was
pending at that time, prohibiting the local Legis-
latures from legislating on the subject of slavery,
he observed:
" I wish to say one word before thi* part of the bill is
voted upon. I must confess that i rather regretted that a
clause had been introduced into this bill, providing that the
territorial governments should not legislate in recpect to
African slavery. The position that I have ever taken has
been that, this and all other questions relatmg to the domesitc
affairs nnd domestic policy of the territories ought to be
left to the decision of the people themselves, and that we
ought to be content with whatever way they may decide
the question, because they have a much deeper interest in
these matters than we have; and lyiow much better what
institutions suit them than we, who have never been there,
can decide for them."
And again:
" I do not sec how those of us who have taken the position
which we have taken, (that of non-interference.) and have
argued in favor of the right of the people to legislate for
themselves on this question, can support such a provision
without abandoning all the arguments, Which we urged in
the presidential campaign, and the principles set forth by
the Senator from Michigan ia that letter, which is known
as the Nicholson letter. We are required to abandon our
platform. We are required to abandon those principles and
to stultify ourselves, and to adopt the opposite doctrine, and
for what? In order to say that the people of the Terri-
tories shall not liave such institutions as they shall deem
adapted to their condition and their wants."
And yet again:
" But I do say, that, if left to myself to carry out my own
opinion, I wonld leave the whole subject to the people of
the Territories themselves, and allow them to introduce or
abolish slavery as they may prefer. I believe that is the
principle, on which our institutions rest."
Mr. FOOT. The usual hour for adjournment
having arrived, if the Senator from Michigan will
yield the floor, I will move an adjournment. < only aesirea to correct wnat i supposea to be a
Mr. CASS. I yield to the Senator's sug-'1 misapprehension of my honorable friend. As to
gestion. the distinguished chairman of the Committee on
Mr. BROWN. I have a few words to say in Territories, I have already put him right; and
reference to the last allusion of the distinguishet^jnow I will again read the words of the President
Senator from Michigan to the speech which the true principle of leaving each State and
made the other day. He has alluded to what I —
said in reference to two distinguished gentlemen, i
Whatever deduction-1 drew from the language j
employed by either of them was based entirely !
on the papers which were before me. So far as \
relates to the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug- i
las,] he is a member of the body, and can say, for
himself, whether or not I drew correct conclu- I
sions from his language, and therefore I shall not |
comment on that point. The President of the !
United States, however, is not a member of the I
body, and has no opportunity of being heard here; j
and, so far as I deduced a conclusion from his
language, it may be proper that I should at this
stage of the discussion introduce a word of ex-
planation.
I quoted a solitary sentence from the late an-
nual message of the President to Congress, and
from the language employed in that sentence did
not draw a conclusion, but put my case hypo-
thetically. I said, "If he means so and so, I
concur with him fully." I did not say that I con-
curred with the President, because I did not feel
quite sure that I understood him as he desired to
be understood.' He said in his message that the
country had been awakened to a perception of
the "constitutional principle"—mark you, sir,
" constitutional principle"—of leaving the people
of existing and incipient States to regulate the
slavery question for themselves.
I directed attention to the words " incipient
State," and I desired to know their meaning. I
Mr. CASS. The clause which I quoted does
not use the phrase "incipient State at all, but
speaks of Territories generally.
Mr. BROWN. The clause which I read con-
tained that expression, and I commented on that
only. I understood it, as I am willing now to
understand it, and as I hope the President meant
to have it understood, that an incipient State is a
Territory in the act of forming a State constitu-
tion. If the President had meant a Territory,
he would have used the word Territory, and not
spoken of an incipient State. What I understand
by an "incipient State"—what I am willing to
understand, and what I hope the President meant
when he employed the term, is a Territory, with
sufficient population to entitle her to one repre-
sentative, in the act of forming a State constitu-
tion, preparatory to becoming a State. I said that
such an incipient State had the right to settle the
slavery question for itself, and when it settled it
I would abide by the settlement, whether for me"
or against me. 1 am free to say, however, and
I do say, that if by an incipient State we are to
understand, as being meant, a Territory without
organization, or a Territory with organization,
but with not sufficient population to entitle her
to one representative in Congress, and that such
a Territory has the power to settle the slavery
question, or any other question of State right, or
any question which does not pertain exclusively
to the police of the Territory, I wholly and en-
tirely dissent from the proposition, whether it
comes from the President, from my distinguished
friend from Michigan, or from any other quarter.
Mr. CASS. I am not going to argue the point;
I have not the slightest disposition to do sq. I
only desired to correct what I supposed, to be
principle of leaving
Territory to regulate its own law? of labor, ac-
cording to its own sense of right." I will merely
observe, in addition, that if the President did not
mean, that the people of a Territory ought to
possess this power, the language he uses is—to
say the least of it—very unfortunate; and, if by
' the expression " incipient State,"—to which the
Senator refers, and which, I suppose, is intended
to be descriptive of the territorial condition—is
meant, as the Senator suggests, the condition of
one of these communities in the act of forming
a State constitution, and becoming a State, it
really seems to me very unnecessary to make the
period of such an act—perhaps five or six months
—a subject of special consideration; one of the
divisions of the exercise of this power. It is not
worth it. «
Mr. BROWN. It may be unnecessary to make
the point; but it is always right to save a prin-
ciple. I can see that, in a particular contingency,
the point may become very important. Tne
principle ought to be preserved, whether it is
called into practical operation or not.
There is yet another point in which this ques-
tion is to be viewed. Is a Territory not yet or-
ganiz^d an incipient State ? For myself, I am
free to say that, in my opinion, an unorganized
community does not rise to the dignity of a Ter-
ritory, much less to the dignity of a State of any
kind. I know we used to speak of the Terri-
tories of California, of Utah, and of New Mexico,
v before we had given them governments at all;
said that if, by an incipient. State, the President '* but that was a loose mode of expression. Is it
means a Territory, with population sufficient to j meant that such a Territory may exclude slavery ?
ftititle it to one Representative in Congress, in
the act of forming a State constitution preparatory
to admission into the Union as a State, I con-
curred with him. I did not state the other side
of the proposition; I now understand the Senator
from Michigan as speaking by authority 
Mr. CASS. Not at all. I have merely quoted
from the message. I have never passed a word
with the President on the subject in my life.
Mr. BROWN. Then let me ask, does my
friend from Michigan understand him to mean
that a Territory at any time before or after its !
organization is an incipient State, and has the ;
right, as such, to settle the slavery question for I
itself? Does he understand the President as so I
meaning? |
Then, there is another state of territorial exist-
ence. It is the period that intervenes between
the Organization of a particular Territory into a
political society, and its admission into the Union
as a State. For instance, we have now Minne-
sota, Utah, and New Mexico, organized political
communities. Formerly there was the Territory
of Michigan. It was. I believe, seventeen years
after she was organized into a Territory before
she was admitted into the Union.
Mr. CASS. Thirty years.
Mr. BROWN. I«hold, free from all other
embarrassing questions, taking Michigan as an
example, that the people of that Territory at no
time from the passage of the act organizing them
into a Territory to tie period when a convention
