1256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 19,
Asbcry Dickins, their Secretary, announcing
that the Senate had passed an act (S. No. 262)
for the relief of James Davidson, of Kentucky;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Pres-
ident of the United States, transmitting a report
of the Secretary of State, in compliance with a
resolution of the House of Representatives of the
7th ultimo, requesting the President " to commu-
nicate what information he may possess in regard
to citizens of the United States being engaged in
the slave trade, or in the transportation in Amer-
ican ships of coolies from China to Cuba and other
countries, with the intention of placing or contin-
uing them in a state of slavery or servitude, and
whether such traffic is not, in his opinion, a vio-
lation of the spirit of existing treaties, rendering
those engaged m it liable to indictment for piracy;
and especially that he be requested to communi-
cate to this House the facts and circumstances
attending the shipment from China of some five
hundred coolies in the ship Sea Witch, of the city
of New York, lately wrecked on the coast of
Cuba;" which, on motion of Mr. Pennington,
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OF MOBILE HARBOR.
Mr. WALKER. I move that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Umon be dis-
charged from the further consideration of a bill
(H. R. No. 155) for continuing the improvement
of the harbor of Mobile, Alabama, at Dog River
Bar, Chocktaw Pass, and to the Lower Meet.
Objection was made.
Mr. WALKER. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. WALKER. I ask for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers wore ordered; and Messrs. A. K. Mar-
shall and Williams were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
thirty-three in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 60, nays 57; as follows:
YKAS— Messrs. Ball, Bell, Ihlhrighursf, Blis<?, Brcnton,
Broom, Buflinton, John P. Campbell, Lawi  L). Campbell,
Carhie, Chaffee, dawson, Colia\,Cox, Oullen, Cumbaek,
Davidson, Dickson, Edie, Edwards*, Evans. Florence, Fos-
ter, Gallowav, Gilbert, Granger, J. Morrison Harris, Haven,
Holioway, Thomas 11. Horton, Koimctt, Knight, Mace,
Humphrey M.ushall, Matto&on, Morgan, Mornll, P.uuc,
Paiker, Peek, Polton, Peitit, Pringle, Kicuud, Salmi, San-
didge, Scott, Simmons, William 11. Smith, Sneed, Stan-
ton, Swope, Thormgton, Thui^ton, Tvmmi, Walker, Cad-
walader C. Washburnc, Well*, Williams, and Wood-
woi fh—60.
NAYS —Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Barbour,
Barksdale, Homy Bennett, Benson, Bocock, Brad^haw,
Branch, Cadwalader, James II. Campbell, Chngman, How-
ell Cobh, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Ciaige, Dick, Dodd,
Dowdell, Elliott, Emric, English, Faulkner, Goode, Green-
wood, Ilatlan, Hickman, Valentine B. llorton, George W.
Jones., J. Glanoy Jonef-. Kelly, Kulwell, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Samuel S. Ma^hall, McQueen, Meachani, Ivilhan Miller,
Smith Miller, Pennington, I'helps, Puryear, Rivers, Roberts,
Jtuilin, Sapp, Savage, Samuel A Smith, William Smith,
Stephens, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Warner, Welch,
Woodruff, and John V. Wright—.">7.
The SPEAKER voted m the affirmative to
make a quorum.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
^voting in favor thereof.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. PRINCxLE. i ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following
resolution:
Whereas, on the 7th day of April last, a resolution was
adopted by this House, requesting the Secretary of War to
communicate certain and particulannformation in regard to
the Washington aqueduct; and whereas, the said Secrctarv
has seen fit to withhold material parts of such information";
and, whereas, sufficient iacts have never been presented
to enable Congress to judge with accuracy of the cost of
the work, or of the propriety of construcung it upon the
proposed plan: Therefore,
Resolved, That a committee be appointed, consisting of
five members ot this House, who shall proceed to inquire
into, and collect evidence in regard to, said aqueduct: its
manner of construction and the cost thereof; and also that
they obtain and report the information asked foi by the
said resolution, which was not communicated by the said
Secretary.
Resolved farther, That said committee have full power
to send for persons and papers, and to take copies of any
and all papers, contracts, or agreements., and to investigate
fully any matter or thing pertaining to said aqueduct, by
the examination of witnesses on oath, and for that purpose
the chairman of such committee shall have power to ad-
minister oaths, and may appoint a clerk at a compensation
not exceeding four dollars per day; and, also, that said
committee may employ one or more civil engineers and
other agents to make surveys, examine estimates, maps
and plans for supplying the public buildings andgiounds
with an abundant quantity or pure and wholesome water ;
and that said committee report all such evidences, plans,
and estimates, with such recommendations as they may
deem advisable as to the manner the said public buildings
and grounds can be supplied with water most advantage-
ously.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I object.
Mr. PRINGLE. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. SMITEt, of Virginia. I would suggest
to the gentleman from New York that he should
strike out the preamble.
Mr. PHELPS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from New York what information has
been withheld? Anything more than the con-
tract prices?
Mr. PRINGLE. The data upon which the
estimates wore based were withheld.
Mr. PHELPS. I shall have no objection to
the resolution if the preamble is withdrawn,
i Mr. PRINGLE. Well, I will withdraw the
preamble if it is thought desirable.
Mr. MEACHAM. I objcct to the resolution.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would like to inquire
of the gentleman from New York how much it
would cost to go into that investigation ? I would
ask him whether an estimate has been made of
the expense ? ,
Mr. PRINGLE. No, sir.
Mr. BARKSDALE. And what good can re-
sult from the investigation ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would state that
as the preamble has been withdrawn, it is neces-
sary that the phraseology of the resolution should
be corrected.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I would like to in-
quire of the gentleman from New York whether he
cannot obtain all the information that he desires,
and that there is any necessity for the House to
have, through the Committee on Public Buildings ?
and why not pass a resolution requesting that
committLo, or the Committee for the District of
Columbia, to inquire into the matter? "What is
the necessity for getting up this new committee
at the additional expense which it will entail; and
that, too, when you are authorizing it merely to
call lor information which it may be very impol-
itic to have published, in view of the desire of
certain men to be possessed of that information,
in order that they may make their propositions
for contracts, &c. ? For that reason this resolution
should not be allowed to pass the House.
Mr. PRINGLE. If this*toatter is open to de-
bate now 
The SPEAKER. It is not open to debate.
Mr. PRINGLE. Then I wish the preamble
to accompany the resolution.
Mr. COBB. I object to the whole of it, with
or without the preamble.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think that the reason
why the information has been withheld should be
stated in the preamble, some way or other. It is
not proper that all the information should be
given.
Mr. MEACHAM. I wish to make an inquiry
as to a matter of fact concerning this resolution
—not to debate it.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. MEACHAM. I merely wish to ask
whether the President has not stated in his letter
to the Speaker that the material facts—all that is
asked lor in that resolution—are ready to be com-
municated to the House whenever they are asked
for? He has so stated in his letter. The mate-
rials are all ready now.
Mr. PRINGLE. He has only stated that in
regard to certain matters.
Mr. MEACHAM. The President has stated
in his letter that he has withheld the information,
and that his reason for doing so was, that lie
desired to know, by the further expression of the
will of the House, whether it wanted the facts
communicated.
Mr. .PRINGLE. I am not in favor of asking
the Secretary of War twice for the same inform-
ation.
Mr. GOODE. I would like to make a reply to
the question put by thegentleman from Vermont.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. GOODE. Why did not the gentleman
object to the remarks of the gentleman from Ver-
mont ?
The question being on suspending the rules,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. MATTESON called for tellers on t
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
40, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Benson, Billinghurst, Bliss, Buffinton,
Burlmgame, Chaffee, Colfax, Cragin, Cumbaek, Dick, Dick ■
son, Dodd, Edwards, Flagler, Galloway, Granger, Grow,
Haven, Holioway, Thomas R. Horton, Mace, Matteson,
Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Morull, Paine, Parker, Pettit, Prin-
gle, Purviancc, Puryear, Roberts, Simmons, Sneed, Stan-
ton, Thormgton, Thurston, Walbridge, Waldron, and Wat-
son—40.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Ball, Barbour,
Barksdale, Bell, Bocock, Boyce, Bradshaw, Branch, Brcn-
ton, Broom, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, Carlile,
Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Ciaige, Cullen, Davidson, Denver, Dowdell, Durfee, Elliott,
Eubtis, Faulkner, Floience, Foster, Henry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gilbert, Goode, Greenwood, Harlan,
Valentine B. Horton, Hughston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, Knight, Knovvlton,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McQueen, Mcacham, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Peck, Pennington, Phelps, Pike, Ricaud, Richardson,
Ruftin, Sandidgc, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, William It. Smith, Stephens, Stewart,
Stranahan, Talbott, Taylor,Todd, Trippe, Tyson, Warner,
Watkins, Williams, Winslow, Woodiuff, and John V.
Wright—84.
So, two thirds not voting therefor, the rules
were not suspended.
ADJOURNMENT OF SESSION.
Mr. KEITT. I ask leave to introduce the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the President
pro tempore of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives! shall adjourn their respective Houses for
the session, on the 5th day of August next, at twelve
o'clock, m.
Mr. MATTESON. I object.
Mr. KEITT. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
62, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Barksdale, Bocock, Branch,
Bioom, Cadwalader, Carlile, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Davidson, Dowdell, Edmundson,
Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Ilemy M.
Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, J. Moriison Harris, Haven,
Herbert, Hoffman, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Keitt,
Kelly, Kennnt, Kidwell, Iiumpkiii, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Paine, Peck, Phelps, Puryear,
Richardson, Rivers, Ruffin, Sandidge, Savage, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens,
Stewart, Taylor, Todd, Warner, Watkins, Williams, Wins-
low, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—62.
NAYS —Messrs. AJbnght, Ball, Bell, Henry Bennett,
Billinghurst, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton, Buffinton, James
H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Colfax, Cragm,
Cumbaek, Denver, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Ed-
wards, Emrie, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Gid-
dings,Gilbert, Granger, Grow, Harlar., Ilickman, Holioway,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton,.Ilughston, Knapp,
Kmsht, Knowlton, KunkeJ, Matteson, Meacham, Kilhan
Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Muiray, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Prmgle,
Puiviance, Roberts, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Simmons, Stanton,
Stranahan, Tappan, Thormgton, Thurston, Trafton, Wal-
bridee, Waldron, Walker, Cadwalader C. WaSiburne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Woodruff, and
Woodworth—77.
So, two thirds not voting in favor thereof, the
rules were not suspended.
PAGE FOR THE SERGEANT-AT-AKMS.
Mr. THORINGTON. I ask the unanimous
conscnt of the House to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be authorized to
appoint a page for the use of his office, at the same compen-
sation as that allowed to the pages of the House, to be paid
out of the contingent fund.
Mr. LETCHER. I objcct.
Mr. THORINGTON. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Iowa whether the Sergeant-
at-Arms asks for this page?
Mr. THORINGTON. He does.
Mr. JONES. If he does, I would vote for his
removal. When I came here the Sergeant-at-
Arms did all the service himself.
The question being on suspending the rules,
