THJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
*jf tjie Goyqmmeiit Rising tile, £w.° ^sca' '
nlso.that said 'committee uiqaife into and report by bill, or
otherwise, its to tile expediency of establishing a Govern-
ment printing office, under the cilarge of the Department -
oCthe Interior. ;
Mr.rORR. I would suggest to the gentleman, i
to modify his resolution so as to make it read |
four years. , . . j
Mr. SHERMAJN'. I so modify it. :
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the reso-
lution will be modified go as to ascertain what has
been expended at each session of Congress, or at
least each two years. It will accomplish no good
purpose to go back four years, beyond the term
of the present Administration; and beyond the
existence of the present law on the subject. 1
have no objection if the resolution shall provide
for ascertaining what lias been expended in two
years.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 would suggest that
the resolution should only go back to the enact- ,
merit of the present law upon the subject of the ;
public printing. I do not think it worth while 1
to go behind that; nobody can tell what was ex-
pended before that time.
Mr. ORR. If the committee find that to be the
caSe they will so rraort.
Mr.SHERMAN. "When Was the presentlaw
adopted?
Mr. MARSHALL. In 1852.
There was no objection; and the resolution, as
modified, was adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN also presented the follow-
ing resolution; which, being objected to by Mr.
Boyce, was not received:
Resolved, Tliat the Committee oo the Judiciary be in-
strutted to repoit, by bill or otherwise, what amendments
to existing laVvs, if any, are necessary to sccurc for the
future the prompt organization of the House of Representa-
tives.
Mr. BLISS, by unanimous consent, offered the
followingresolution; which was read, considered,
and agreed to:
KcsoZucd, That the Committee on Agriculture be in-
structed to mqoh e into the expediency or establishing an
agricultural professorship for the Smithsonian institution;
and that the duties pertaining to agriculture, now pei formed
by the Commissioner of Patents, be tiaii^ferred to that pro-
fessorship, and that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. ZOLUCOFFER presented a bill to regu-
late and make uniform thu right of suffrage in the
several Territories of the United States; which
was objected to by Mr. Phelps, and not received.
Mr. Z. also, by unanimous consent, presented
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be iu^truct-
e# to mquhe into the propriety of authorizing the construc-
tion of a tiuiiding lor u custom-house and post, ofiiec at
Nashville.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, by unanimous
consent, offered the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resoled, Thru the Secretary of State report to this House
the time.Hdt which the several Tcuitone.s were organized,
the length of tjiih! Their tcirirointtexisteiiee continued, tile
amounts ftppropuutcd toeaeh for legislative, executive, and
judicial purposes tor the erection of public building and
the construction of roads in each of said Temtoucs puor
to their admission as States; ami, also, the sameinlormation
tnieaardto each of the Territories of Minnesota, Oregon,
Washington, New Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska.
Mr. READY proposed to introduce a bill to
repeal and refund the duty on railroad iron.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to know to what
committee the gentleman proposes to have that
bill referred?
Mr. READY. To the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. RITCHIE. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee will send it to the Committee of Ways and
Means, I have no objection to its introduction.
Mr. HEADY. I prefer that it should go to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RITCHIE. Then I object.
The bill was therefore not received.
Mr. Yv~ATK1 S asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the papers
in the following cases, for the purpose of having
them presented to the Department:
The petition Of Solomon Fann.of Greene coun-
ty, Tennessee, for compensation for services ren-
dered and injuries received m the war of 1812;
The petition of Elijah Close, of Washington
county, Tennessee, for services rendered and dis-
abilities incurred ii}.the war of. 1812;
The petition of William Budlock, of Sullivan
county, Tennessee, for services rendered ®fti the
late war with Great Britain, in 1812;
The petition of Thomas G. Brown, of Greene
county, Tennessee, for services rendered during
the war with Great Britain in 1812; and
The petition of Wyatt Griffith, of Washing-
ton county, Tennessee, for services rendered in
the war of 1812. ^
Mr. COLFAX, by unanimous consent, and in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
making an appropriation for continuing the im-
provement of the harbor of refuge and commerce
at Michigan City, on Lake Michigan, and for the
construction of a breakwater thereat; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BARBOUR asked leave to introduce a bill
to provide for the right of trial by jury, and the
right of appeal, m cases of alleged contempt of
of court.
Mr. LETCHER. What does that bill apply
to? The fugitive slave law r
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
The bill was therefore not received.
Mr. HOLLOWAY. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing inquire into
the expediency of reprmung fifty thousand copies of the
agricultural portion of the report of the Commissioner of
Patents lor 1654, for the use of the House—ten thousand of
which sliall be lor the disposal of the Patent Office; the
contracts for the illustrations of which, and the printing of
the same, to be executed with the advice and to the satis-
faction of the Commissioner of Patents-.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
resolution. One hundred thousand copies of the
report were ordered to be printed?- at the last
Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced bills; which were read a first and second
time by their titles, as follows, and referred to the
; Committee on Commerce.
; A bill further to amend an act entitled " An act
: to provide for the better security of the lives of
I passengers on board of vessels propelled in whole
j or in part by steam, and for other purposes;"
I A bill for continuing the improvement of the
Rock Island rapids in the Mississippi river; and
A bill to improve the harbor of Galena and the
channcl of the Galena river, in the State of Illi-
nois.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I ask leave to introduce
a bill providing for the erection of a building at
Galena, Illinois, for a custom-houee, po««t office,
and United Stales court room, in ord^r that it may
be referred to the Committee on Commerce
Mr. LETCHER. I propose that it be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means. The
gentleman brought the matter before that com-
mittee; I want this bill to go there also.
Mr. WASHBURNE. The gentleman is en-
tirely mistaken. This has no reference to the
bill which was sent to the Committee of Ways
and Means. The bill was read in e.vlento. It
appropriates $88,000 for the purpose specified.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WOODWORTH, by unanimous consent,
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
for continuing the improvement of the harbor of
Chicago, Illinois; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire what fuiUier legislation, if any, by Con-
gress. is to secure to purchasers under the Genera!
Government titles to land cotmnsr within the provisions of
the swamp-land act; anil that they leport hy tall or other-
wise.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, 111 pursuance of previous notice, intro-
duced a bill making provision to compensate
agents for paying pensions, and prescribing the
time and manner of settling their accounts; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I desire to introduce
, a bill to provide for the purchase of a site and the
j erection of a suitable building at Springfield,
! Illinois, for a post office, land office, and for the
I use of the district and circuit court? of the United
! States for the southern district of Illinois*, and to
have it referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RITCHIE. Similar applications have been
sent to the Committee 011 Commerce.
Mr. HARRIS. Those included custom-houses;
this does not.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House complete lists or
rolls of the names of every person who has served the
United States in the Army or Navy, in every kind and de-
scription of force, from the 13th day of June, 1775, to the
1st day of January,18o6, arranging the same, as near a< may
be, for the Army, by regiments, battalions, or companies,
and for the Navy, in the order of officers and crews, respect-
ively ; with a statement, also, showing the date, place, and
manner of entering and discharge from service, and show-
ing, aUo, (if practicable,) the battles or engagements m
which such officers, soldiers, seamen, or marines, or their
respective corps or crews, have served.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. All the clerks of
the Departments could not in two years furnish
the information desired;and I object to the reso-
lution.
Mr. LINDLEY, by unanimous consent, in
pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide for the
payment of horses and other property lost or
destroyed in the military service of the United
States," approved March 3,1849; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a bill to provide for the preemption of
certain portions of the public land to the States
within which they lie, for the purpose of aiding
in the construction of railroads; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. KENNETT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following bills, of which previous
notice had been given; which were severally read
a first and second time by their titles, and referred
as indicated below:
A bill to relinquish to the State of Missouri)
the two per cent, of the net proceeds of the sales
of the public lands sold in said State since the 1st
of January, 1820. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, a bill granting a township of land to the
State of Missouri to aid in the support of a sem-
inary of learning in said State. Referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. K. also presented the memorial of two
hundred and sixty-six southern and western
steamboat pilots, praying an amendment of the
steamboat law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. PORTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous noticc had been
given, making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Mississippi river
from St. Louis to the lower rapids; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. GREENWOOD offered the following res-
olution:
Rcsolred, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of providing by law for
the indictment and punishment of persons for the stealing
of slaves in the Indian territory.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The hour set apart for the
reception of bills and resolutions has expired.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the House
will go on with the call until ajl the States and
Territories have been called.
Mr. GREENWOOD. If the gentleman who
objected to the resolution will allow me, I will
state the grounds for the necessity of it. The
reason is, that under the law as it nowexists, and
under the decisions of the courts, persons on the
borders of the Indian territory can go into such
territory and steal slaves therefrom, and take
them into the southern States, and there sell them
with impunity.
Mr. SHERMAN. Being satisfied with the
explanation of the gentleman, I withdraw the
objection.
The resolution was then agreed to.
The SPEAKER continued the call.
Mr. HOWARD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill, of which previous notice had been
