nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 20,
The resolution was read the second time. It
is as follows:
Whereas, in consideration of the great destitution now
existing at the Cape de Verde Islands, the necessity which
demands that thf inhabitants of those islands should have
relief from the famine which is now destroying them, tbe
deep'sympathy their condition has excited m this country,
and the benevolent effort now making by our people to send
them immediate rchef: Therefore
Be it resolved, #c., That, so soon as it shall be notified to
the President, by any committee of citizens donating a
cargo of fpod lor gratuitous distribution on those islands,
he be, and hereby is, requested to cause the Secretary
of tire Navy to detail a crew for the vessel provided lor the
transportation of said cargo, not exceeding twenty-five sea-
men and ordinary seamen, and to provide them with rations
for four months, said crew to be detailed from any men in
the naval service, on the requisition of the commander of
the vessel who shall be commissioned by the donors, or
committee of said donors, to deliver said cargo at the Gape
de Verde Islands.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to consider the resolution now.
Mr. BIGGS. I object.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope I may be allowed to
call it up to-morrow morning.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H, R. No. 135) for the relief of the
representatives and sureties of Robert Ivins:, de-
ceased, was read twice; and, on motion of Mr.
Adams, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
RINALDO AND ANN E. JOHNSON.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up bill (S. No.
255) for the relief of flic legal representatives of
Ainaldo Johnson and of Ann E. Johnson, de-
ceased. It is a private bill which has twice be-
fore passed the Senate, and I presume will cause
no debate.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will agree that
it shall not interfere with the special order lor
half past twelve o'clock, 1 shall interpose no ob-
jection.
Mr. WADE. If it consumes the time of the
Senate, I will allow it to go over
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WADE. On looking over this bill [ find
that it needs amendment. It docs not embrace
the whole case. The bill as piintud contains
error**. 1 wish to add to the word fi warehouse"
an "s/'so as to make it "warehouses;" and
after the word " warehouse's" to insert " on tbe
Patuxent river, in Maryland," so as to make the
bill read;
Beit enacted, $c., That the proper accoutring officers of
the Treasury shall audit the claims, of the legal representa-
tives of RinaJdo Johnson and ot' Ann E. Johnson, for to-
bacco destioyed by the British in 1P14, atthe waiehouses
at Magruder's Ferry, on the Patuxent river, in Matyiattd,
and, fiom such competent pi our' as. may be exhibited to
them Within «i\ month* niter the pju^.uic of this* act, n-u-oi-
tam the quantity ami value of then- tobaeeoso <lot!o\e<l,
and that the amount so a^eeitained shall be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise nppiopuutcd, to the
legal representatives of Itinaido Johnson and of Ann E.
Johnson, deceased.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe this is a bill which
the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bayard] has
always contested. I think it would be better to
allow it to lie over until Friday, when we shall
have a chance to look into private claims.
Mr. WADE. 1 was told, not by the gentle-
man from Delaware, but by one of those who are
interested, that he had struggled against this
class of bills until he had given up lim opposition,
and I understood that ho would not make any
further objection.
Mr. ADAMS. I will state, for the informa-
tion of my friend from Virginia, that at the last
session the Senator from Delaware opposed this
claim, but he was overruled by the Senate by a
vote of two or thiee to one. It is one of the
clearest cases I have ever seen. There is a woman
concerned in this claim; and as we have passed
similar bills for men, I think there can be no
objection to it.
Mr. CLAYTON. I believe my colleague will
be here on Thursday; and I hope, out of courtesy
to him, that the bill will lie over for a day or two.
Mr. WADE. I will not urge it if there is any
probability that the Senator's colleague wishes
to make any further objection to it.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator frotn
Delaware move to postpone the further consider-
ation of the bill until Friday?
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION BILL,
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the bill (H.R.152)
making appropriations for the consular and dip-
lomatic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th June, 1857, be taken up for con-
sideration. The motion was agreed to; and the
bill was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendments reported
from the Committee on Finance are merely verbal,
correcting the errors of orthography in the names
of certain places.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the com-
I mittee to move an amendment, to strikeout inline
twenty-six, page two, the words "two thousand
five hundred dollars," and insert "at the rate of
$5,000 per annum, $5,000," so that the clause
will read:
For salary of an interpreter to the mission to China, at
the late of $5,000 per annum, $5,000.
I will simply remark that the Secretary of State
says he cannot obtain the services of a compe-
tent interpreter without this additional salai*y.
The amendment was agreed to.
t The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in. The amend-
ments were ordered to be engrossed, and the bill
to be read the third time. It was read the third
; time, and passed.
1 BILLS FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
| Mr. BRODHEAD. As we have half an hour
before the time fixed for the special order, I hope
I we shall proceed to the consideration of the four
1 or five bills on the Private Calendar, which came
; to the Senate from the Court of Claims. They
! were referred to the Committee on Claims, re-
j ported back favorably, and their passage recom-
• mended; and I think it will not take more than
ten minutes to dispose of them. The parties
: interested have had them before the Court of
Claims; the court has rendered a favorable judg-
ment on all of them; and it is due to those persons
! that there should be speedy action upon them in
,i the Senate. My friend from Rtoode Island [Mr.
A t.i.en J says, that in the House of llepresenta-
! uvea the bills from the Court of Claims were
referred to their Committee of Claims. That is
true; and those to which I ullude, were referred
to the Committee on Claims of this body, and re-
; ported back favorably; so that the claimants have
i not only the favorable action of the court, but of
| the Senate committee. I ask that they be taken
; up and passed at this time, if there should be no
i objection. If there be objection, of course they
i will go over until Friday.
| The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
■ motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania to take
, up curtain bills referred to by him, which have
! been reported from the Court of Claims.
! Mr. TOOMBS. I prefer that those bills should
; he over.
! The PRESIDENT. It is in order for the
1 majority of the Senate to take them up.
| Mr. BRODHEAD. I withdraw the motion, if
there is objection.
TOBACCO AND COTTON STATISTICS.
( Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
! Commerce, reported a joint resolution (S. R.No.
i 19) foi obtaining information in regard to the
| growth and consumption of tobacco and cotton
i in the several countries of the world; which was
| read a first time, and ordered to a second reading,
i It proposes to require the Commissioner of Patents
j to take the necessary steps for obtaining mforma-
| tion in regard to the growth and consumption of
j tohncco and cotton in the several countries of the
i world, the expense to be defrayed out of the agri-
I cultural fund.
| Mr. BENJAMIN. I am requested to ask that
! the resolution may be put on its passage at once.
I The Commissioner of Patents says that the agri-
; cultural fund will be sufficient without incurring
| any further expense.
| There being no objection, the joint resolution
i was read the second time, and considered as in
i Committee of the Whole. It was reported to the
! Senate without amendment, and ordered to be en-
I grossed for a third reading; was read the third
{ time, and passed.
| BILL INTRODUCED.
1 Mr. FISH, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
making appropriations for the improvement of
tbe channel at Hell Gate, East river, in the State
of New York; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Ccllom their Clerk,
announcing that the House had passed a bill
(H. R. Wo. 186) for the relief of William M. P.
Magraw.
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the bill (S. No. 172) to authorize the peo-
ple of the Territory of Kansas to form a consti-
tution and State government, preparatory to their
admission into the Union when they have the
requisite population.
Mr. SUMNER resumed and concluded the
speech which he commenced yesterday. [His
speech, with some remarks by Mr. CASS, Mr.
DOUGLAS, and Mr. MASON, in response
thereto, will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. PUGH obtained the floor.
Mr. WELLER. If it will meet the views of
my friend from Ohio, I will move to postpone the
further consideration of this subject until Mon-
day next.
Air. PUGH. That will be agreeable to me.
Mr. WELLER. Then I move that the fur-
ther consideration of the subject be postponed
until Monday next, the Senator from Ohio having
the floor.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 20, 1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ISAAC ADAMS.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Before I left for
home a month ago, the Committee on Patents
instructed me to report a bill, with a recommenda-
tion thatit do pass. During my absence the Com-
mittee oil Patents was called. On account of the
fact that I would have had the opportunity, had
I been here, of reporting the bill, I now ask the
unanimous consent of the House to make the
repoit, in order that it may be referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, and printed.
No objection being made,
Mr. SMITH reported a bill for the relief of
Isaac Adams; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. MILLSON, it was
Ordered, Tliat leave be giantcd to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers m the case of Lieutenant Ber-
lyman, for the purpose of presentation in the Senate.
HEBREW CONGREGATION OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. CUMBACIi. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up and pass Senate bill
No. 199, for the benefit of the Hebrew congrega-
tion in this city. It seems that in 1846 a law
was passed of a general character, conferring
upon religious societies, without regard to sect,
the power, through trustees, to purchase and
hold property for the benefit of said congrega-
tions. There seems to be doubt as to whether this
Hebrew congregation would be includea in the
act, and this bill is simply to put them on the
same footing, and confer the same privileges, as
are enjoyed by other like associations. It has
passed the Senate, and been approved by the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object to any business
to take precedence of reports from the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr, CUMBACK. The passage of this bill
will occupy but a few moments, and I hope there
will be no objection. I appeal to the gentleman
from Michigan to withdraw his objection. That
congregation have a lot, upon winch they want
to build, and they do not think their title secure
