2132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
qp
August 15,
tion of these officers, and pass over others much
more entitled to the fostering care of Congress.
I ask the Senate to pause before they introduce
this system of legislation—not that I am opposed
to increasing their compensation: but I think there
should be some independent bill on the subject,
and Senators, upon their responsibility, should
enlighten the Senate as to what would be a fair
and reasonable allowance. I was not aware that
an effort was to be made to tack this amendment
on this bill. If I knew of it, I should have asked
to include Mobile; and I presume my vigilant
friend from Georgia would have proposed to
make additional compensation for his constituents
in Savannah holding these offices. I know the
citizens of Mobile have petitioned Congress to
increase the pay of the officers there. I trust the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. T believe the increase of com-
pensation ought to bo made, but we cannot settle
the question in the little time left us on this ap-
propriation bill. It involves the question of the
salary of others. It involves the very question
the Senator from Alabama has raised as to what
Sorts ought to be included. It would be much
ctter for the Committee on Commerce to bring
in their separate measure, and let us not have it
here, for we have no time for this sort of legisla-
tion.
Mr. PISH. I hope myrolleague will consent
to withdraw this amendment. The subject i.s one
included in a general bill that has boon reported
by the Committee nn Commerce. I hnd it in my
desk; bat ycs:erd<iy f sent itawny, under the im-
pression that the bill would not come up. I had
also made some notes', nod had sony statements
from the Department in regard to r. This amend-
ment, I will simply state, will add from live hun-
dred thousand dollars to seven hundred thousand
dollars a yen r to the animal expensed of collecting
the revenue. I trust that in this short, huri ied
manner we shall not bo forced into the considera-
tion of a proposition of that kind. 1 believe there
should be, in some places increased compensation;
butl am not disposed to put it on this bill on the
very slight consideration the subject can receive
at this late moment of the session.
Mr. SKWARD. The Committee on Com-
merce submitted this matter to the consideration
of the Senate on tho ground I stated before, that,
unless it were brought forward now, at this turns
and in thi^ place, i! could not he acted on at .ill.
It is a question, of course, nbom which 1 have no
interest or fooling. It is a nmuei m which I con-
cur oil general principles in !he jeromniemhinmis
of the Sec.relnry of the Treasiny, who ba^-d his
proposition on the gronmi,m the iirsi place, that
the expenses of Uvmg were nioie costly in these
cities than m others—that the amount of duties
required from the utKcer.« were greater, and iheir
responsibilities greater. -i>ntas it concerns,above t
all, and more than all, this ela.-N of officers in the '
city of iNew Yoik, from which my colleague i
directly comes, while 1 am from the interior of
the State, and in his judgment, it ought to be sus- :
pewled, I very cheerfully, if there be no objection <
on the part of my colleague of the Committee on >
Commerce, withdraw the amendment. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.) j
The amendment is withdrawn. i
Mr. SKWA IID. J am instructed by the Com- '
Tmtieeon Commerce to oiler the following amend- !
mcnt, to come in after the provision for court-
rooms at Canandaigna:
For ;uitl :jradmt( the lot, eonm uctnij!; p*i\ emenN
and cjwK-rus, ami mtiodiicing i .is loi the cu'-'toui-houi-.o at
Oswego, IVew Yoi k. ,^5,UU(>
For in< lo-nm and yi.idinst the croumN, compl-Mov: ami ;
fuiei him: Ui" eu^ioia-hoitoC at Sktnuiuhle, M-J^-iclm-ieUs, '
M.
l'\>r bridi/mg the I\>ndii-kea£ nvcroiifnoti of the
eu-totn hoiiM* at Baniror, Maine, fiora the middle bridge to i
ihu iow'i biu!j>c, 4'.v4u0.
And. ti>e ;-een'Mlv oi' the TieaMiry lieo'by authonzed '
and dtrc'ted to ^e)i t'ie old eu- loni house nnd lot at Piovj- j
dt'rcv, lUiod'- Ma.id, end apply the pjocceds thereof to the ;
pun ban-or kind-: f«*r Ihe ciuai< vnieiit ot the Mte o( the. 1
cu-toju-l).nice now beiity eou-ti ueti-d at th.it pla< c, or to 1
exchange s.uri wu-i^m-hou.-e and lot tor i.ntd loi the enlaiKc- 1
inentot said Mtc, if ni the opuuoa oi said riccrctaryitshuil ■
lie ajor^ advantageous. !
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any estimate for j
these appropi unions ' I
Mr. SEWARD. All these items are based on !
recnnimendntions and estimates from the Secre- i
tary ot the Treasury, which are here, and can be j
read if desired. !
Mr. HUNTER. We have no time to debate
these questions as they arise. The appropria-
tions for custom-houses are pretty large already.
I think the bill will hardly bear these additions.
I should like, however, to have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ALLEN. The provision for the custom-
house at Providence is merely to sell the old cus-
tom-house, and purchase an addition to the lot
where the new house is now being put up. There
is no appropriation of money.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. If there is to be a question
on this amendment, I will state the whole amount
embraced in it, for the enlargement of these cus-
tom-houses, is $20,000. Without detaining the
Senate with the recommendation in the case of
each, I will read oae—that in relation to Oswego:
Tr.ka.sury Department, July 15,18,56.
Sir: I have the honoi to acknowledge the receipt of
your favor of the 14th instant, and the inclosed resolutions
of the Board of Tiade and Common Council of the city of
Oswego, New Yoik, asking an increase m the size of the
building now bring eiceterl tor a custom-house, post office,
and eourt-lKMHC.
I considei the building, as now being erected, quite large
enough, present and prospective, for the condition of the
several departments mr which it i& denned.
The appropnation was veiy barely sufficient to complete
the budding; and I would respectfully recommend that a
further nppiopriation oi $5,000 ho made to inclose and grade
the lot, coustiuet proper pavements and cisterns, and intro-
duce f;a-, &.<•.
Yety le-'pectfully, your obedient servant,
atiTriuiE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon Th-\nv Donas, Chairman Committee on Commerce,
United St'ites Sei'atc.
Now, the simple question isy whether, on the
ground of want of time or otherwise, we shall
make an incomplete structure, or give the Secre-
tary oi dm Treasury the money lie requires to
complete it.
Mr. JIITXTER. I was not aware that the
amount of the nhiendment was so small; and,
with the consent of the Senate, I will withdraw
the cdl for the yeas and nays, yo that I may not
delav the bill.
The IMlKSmiNG OFFICER. The call for
the yeas and nays cannot be withdrawn. They
have been ordered.
The question being taken, resulted—yeas 32,
nays 1:2; as follows:
YKArf—Me^r,. Allen. R«dl of New U.imp"Mie, Bell of
'Peime- ,ee, ) euj.ieu.:, . lit , liiovvn, t'a^s, (Day-
ton. ihul^e, Duikee l<Vh. Foot. Po-ter, Hale, Hoi^ton,
Janu ■, Jon 's ot Uevi, M.dioi v. Mason, 1'ugh, Sebastian,
Sc\\.0,1, Mnle'l. Tlloui^on of \few JvmcV, Trum-
■ bull. \ . W'.'l1, i. > .'il on, nnd Vulee--M-)
'■ \ -<i<> • '\diin . Hiodhcud, Cnt-
;! tend mi Kvan-. Unmet, l\ e.- on, l'rait, Keid, Thntup-on of
j KeiiOn !v\ , and 't oomiI - --1
j So the amenduimit w.m adopted.
| Mr. NKWAR 1). I have somt* further amend-
ments; but my colleague on the committee from
Louisiana, will, with Joe leave of the Senate,first
propose ;<omc iiaicudmentH with which ho is
i charged.
; Mr. ! II' \rJ \ All Y. T have an amiMidment from
the (Committee on Commerce, which isto increase
the appropriation foi completing the Now Orleans
marine hospital from 10 to jj.151,651) ^0,
and to add to the clause:
Provided) That the Seeiet.ny of the Treasury shall be
autlujii/.ed to dtioct th>' '-aid hospital to he built either of
non oi of hi iek, and lueproot.a^m hi- du'crotion lie may
a\i em he-t adapted to ihc chniaio. ^hid provided /tnc'irr.
That it -aid ht)-pii.ii l,e built of non. ilie expendituie
uudv'l litis .ippiopuauon -hall noi e\ei; Mt to.
Two years a^o ('on^ress appropriated $248,000
for the erection of a ii"w marine hospital at Now
Orleans, and inserted a pi o\ iso in the hill that na
part of the mon y ! m * a 1 I i">e expended unless the
appropriation should be found sufficient for the
completion of the entire work. The Secretary of
the Treasury, under th.it appropriation, issued
his advertisements for contracts, and has reported
back to Congress that the sum is inadequate; that
thero is required for the purpose of completing
the building, if it be made of iron, 10; or
for a build ma; of buck, and fire-proof, §151,659 20,
m addition to the appropriation already made.
On this communication of the Secretary of the
Treasury, the House has inserted in the bill an
appropriation for 10, which is the amount
required for completing the building if if shall be ;
determined to build it of iron. Wc are entirely
satisfied with that appropriation if the budding is
to be made of iron; but it has been suggested by
many competent persons that, in a climate like
that, iron would be a very improper material for
a hospital; that thick wall's of brick will be re-
quired to keep the temperature sufficiently low to
enable the patients to breathe during the long and
hot summers of that climate; or, in otiier words,
that it will be found on examination by experts
that the building ought to be of brick instead of
iron.
The amendment I have offered proposes the
larger appropriation, but leaves it to the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury to have the
building constructed of iron or ofbrick,as he shall
find best adapted to the climate after examination;
and if, after examination ,he finds that an iron build-
ing is as well adapted to the climate as a brick
one, he shall build it of iron and only expend the
smaller amount; if, on the contrary, it shall be
found that a brick building is absolutely requisite
to adapt a construction of that kind to the exi-
gences of the climate, the appropriation is to be
for a brick, instead of an iron building.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I regret that the Senator
from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] who is, like my-
self, a member of the Committee on Finance, is
not in his seat at this time. We had this item
under consideration in the Committee on Finance,
and I incline to the opinion that we came to the
same conclusion with the Senator from Louis-
iana; but I am not certain of it. The case, if I
recollect it, is something like this: An appropri-
ation was made at the last session for a marine
hospital at New Orleans. The Secretary of the
Treasury advertised for proposals. He received
several propositions to put up this building. One
was for iron—the lowest one. I understood he
desired to accept that bid, and sent a communica-
tion to Congress, asking for an additional appro-
priation, so that he could accept this bid, which
was the lowest one. He could not get the build-
ing put up for the amount of money originally
appropriated.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from
Pennsylvania allow me to interrupt him for a
moment3 There is a mistake of fact. I have
the Secretary's report in my hand. He says
this, after stating the fact that he had advertised
for proposals:
" It is made my duty, by the proviso, to report the subject
hack to Congress, with such estimates as shall be found
Mitlieient to complete the work. In compliance with the
piovi«.o, f have the honor to state that the lowest bids
received tor building the hospital of brick, (tiro-proof,) and
to &efur.) a good foundation, exceed the appropriation
$151,«5<J 20. 
Mr. BRODHEAD. I observe that the Senator
from Maryland is now in his seat, and I ask that
the proposed amendment may be read in his pres-
ence. I have nothing more to say.
The amendment was read.
Mr. HUNTER. This $150,000 is beyond the
estimate. The estimate for a brick buildm0-is
fc$l2G,136.
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir, this is the exact
estimate from the Department. The Secretary
says:
"The lowest bid-? received for building the hospital of
brick, (tire proof,) and to noouie a good foundation, exceed
the appropriation £151, 659 20,"
That is the amendment I propose. The Sec-
retary then ^oes on to say that the lowest esti-
mate for a budding exclusively of iron, and the
expense of procuring a secure foundation, ex-
ceeds that appropriated by the sum of S86,322.
lie then says:
" Taking These bids as being as low as we probably shall
receive, when the bmldmtfis again offered for contract, we
f-iiall need the toMowms additional amounts to complete it:
It built of buck and tire pioof   $151,659 20
If budt entirely of iron  86,323 10"
The ohjcct of this amendment ia simply to give
the discretion to the Secretary to choose between
thesp two modes of construction after an examin-
ation of what is best adapted to the clin.ate.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I should like the
Senator from Louisiana to explain why the latter
limitation is proposed in the amendment—that,
if the hospital be built of iron, the cost is not to
exceed §86,322 10.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is all the Secretary
says is necessary for that purpose.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. But I understand
a little more about the amendment, perhaps, than
some gentlemen who have spoken on this sub-
ject. The proposition is, that, if built exclusively
