524
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 13,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
ious epithets industry can collect, or ingenuity
can apply to excite opprobrium against the Pres-
ident for the " impertinence" and guilt of com-
municating messages to Congress.
The "disingenuous views" (another loan)
taken by the Senator, of the powers and duties of
the President, are among the strangest constitu-
tional* heresies, to which this claim to rule Amer-
icans without representation, and in contempt
of their feelings and rights, has given birth. I
comprehend clearly enough his object, which is,
to excite political indignation; but I fail entirely
to comprehend how he fixes upon the President,
even to his own satisfaction, any neglect of duty,
still less any charge of a determination to intro-
duce slavery into Kansas; for that is distinctly
asserted, and without the shadow of proof. There
is one portion of his speech which is mystical—
indeed, almost a myth—where, personating the
speechless people of the Territory—the word is
his — he comes forward in a theatrical manner,
stretching forth the wand of New York, and, hold-
ing in his hand the impeachment of George the
Third by the Congress of 1776, impeaches, in the
words of the Declaration of Independence, the
President of the United States.
He. then goes on to apply to the President the
complaints made against the King of England,
arranging eleven clauses in fouaal succession,
each with its charge of omission or of commis-
sion, in the very language of that immortal State
paper, substituting Kansas for the colonies, and
the Republican Chief Magistrate for the anointed
Potentate, beginning: j
" He has refused to pass laws for the accommodation of
the people," Slc.
" He lias called together legislative bodies, at a place un-
usual, uncomfortable," &c., " for the purpose of fatiguing
them into compliance with his measures."
" He has prevented legislative houses from being ele^ed,"
&c., " because they would oppose, with inanljr firmness, '
his invasions on the lights of the people."
" He has created a multitude of new offices, and sent
hither swarms of officers to harass our people and eat out
their substance," tic.
" He lias kept among as ia time of peace standi ng armies,"
8tc., " to compel our submission te a foreign legislature,"
&c.
And so on to the end of the chapter of colonial
grievances against Great Britain.
Really, Mr. President, I can hardly treat this
subject with the decorum due to our position
and functions. Has the Senator from New York
formed so poor an estimate of the intelligence of
his associates here, or of his countrymen any-
where, as to suppose that one man can be found,
who believes that the President of the United
States possesses the same-powers in our Terri-
tories, as the sovereign of England possesses in
her colonies ?—for hers they are in the eye of the
law. With the exception of the appointment of
some five or six officers, and the authority to re-
move them, the President has as little legal power
in the Territories as the Senator from New York,
unless, indeed, there is violent opposition to the
laws; when, if he is legally informed of the dan-
ger, he must use the force the law places at his
disposal to preserve and restore public order and
tranquillity. And yet an American Senator dares,
in his place, to say that " Kansas is to-day in the
very act of revolution against the tyranny of the
President of the United States;" thus identifying
the constitutional action of the Executive with
that tyranny which gave birth to the American
Revolution. And after this startling proposition,
the Senator indulge? in some rather incomprehens-
ible reflections on " the profound philosophy of
revolutions," the value of which escapes my
penetration. And the profundity of this ethical
sentiment is illustrated by the discovery, that
"the President is assumed, by the people of Kan-
sas, to entertain a resentment, which can never
be appeased, and his power must, consequently,
be wholly taken away;" that, is, the Kansas
public, or a portion of them, believe the Presi-
dent is displeased with them, and therefore they
mu«t have a revolution—and therefore " they
have constituted themselves a State," and come
here asking admission into the Union. And ;
all this is " the profound philosophy of revo- !
lution."
The Senator is quite didactic in his speech, and
passes happily and readily from one topic to
another-—trom the philosophy of revolution to
the philosophy of propagandism; and condemns
the President for censuring the "propagandist
attempt to colonize the Territory with opponents
of slavery." The President censures, ana justly,
the external interference in the affairs of Kansas,
by which efforts were made, in various States,
to propagate " their social theories" in that Ter-
ritory. And this is reproved by the Senator as
launching severe denunciations against wkat he says
the President calls "propagandist attempts." And
then follows a eulogy upon that " great element
of colonization, which has peopled the Western conti-
nent;" as though the adventurers, who fled from
civil and religious tyranny, and sought refuge
here, came, not to enjoy their opinions, but to
disseminate them, and to live the lives of mission-
aries; and still more, as though the pious men,
who devote themselves to spreading the Gospel
of Jesus, are but co-laborers with the political
partisan, who stays at home and stimulates others
to carry agitation abroad, and to propagate sec-
ular opinions, dangerous to the peace and tran-
quillity of another community.
There is a school of social, or rather anti-soci*l,
propagandism, composed of zealous and active
disciples, followers of Proudhon, who maintain
that property is robbery. They have faithful co-
adjutors in this country, whose Industrial Con-
gress, as it was called, in laying down their creed,
resolved, among other things; "That, by the land
reform, we understand the entire abolition and
annulment of all property value or ownership in
the soil," &e.
I do not accuse the Senator of participating in
these sentiments. He has powerful motives, from
his success in life, for abjuring them; but 1 recol-
lect that, in a speech he made not long since, in the
cityofNew York, when he commenced by hailing
the city, as he commenced here by saluting the
Senate—a fashion of salutatory introduction, pre-
luding one's self or one's topic, more honored by
the breach than by the observance—he supported !
views which, it appears to me, originate in the
same kind of obliquity of moral vision, or in some-
thing not as pardonable. He announced that there
was an aristocracy in this country; that aristocra-
cies are created by privileged classes; that slave-
holders constitute one of these classes. And why
this attempt to excite popular indignation against
a portion of our fellow-citizens by conferring
upon them an obnoxious designation ? The slave-
holder owns slaves because the law permits it.
Conscience and sound policy, said the Senator,
prohibit it. The landholder owns land, as he is
allowed to do by law. Proudhon and his school
say that conscience and sound policy prohibit it,
for it is robbery.
Here is the same principle, differing only in
its specific application. All, who come within it,
are equally aristocrats. A privileged class is
created by the Senator from New York, and is
made a kind of raw-head and bloody-bones, be-
cause it holds one species of property. But there
are neither peculiar privileges nor exclusive rights
attached to its tenure; for every man in a slave State
may, by law, without distinction, possess it.
And why does not the denunciation equally apply
to the holders of every species of property—to
the holders ot real estate, of money, of stock, of !
manufacturing establishments, which concentrate
and control labor, and to every other article
which constitutes the wealth of society, and the
object and the reward of laudable industry and
enterprise ? It is easy to raise prejudices upoiw
this subject. It is easy to conceive their opera*
tion upon the human mind, and how the man
who has a coat, is considered an aristocrat by
him who has none. It is an old story in human
experience, as the Senator knows, for he has
studied the history of Rome, and referred us to
the conduct of her Tribunes. The office does not;
exist in this country; but one of the abuses, which ;
made it memorable—that of pandering to popular |
prejudices—is among us carefully cherished and
often faithfully practiced. [
Now, sir, according to the Senator, he who 1
goes abroad to teach " his social and political :
theories," is a missionary of propagandism, and
his character is not changed by the nature of liis
doctrine; and he who censures his ill-timed zeal
or wicked purpose, casts reproach where never
prince, king, emperor, or president, cast reproach
before. The dissemination of the Gospel of
Jesus Christ is brought down to the level of these
political agitators. " The only common element
of all these forms was propagandism." He ex-
emplifies these forms by the various settlements
in this country, attributing some to a zeal for
religion, others to a zeal for slavery, and others
to a zeal for free labor. The injunction of the
risen Saviour, " Go ye forth, therefore, and teach
all nations, baptizing them in the name of the
Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,"
is degraded by such an association. And I can
discover no other motive for this desecration, but
a desire to represent the President as condemning
a great principle of human action. The Senator's
test of the right to teach and preach anything is
shown by the inquiry, " Does any law of nature
or nations forbid?" The great law in the everlast-
ing code of the Gospel, of doing as you would be
done by, forbids every American from such propa-
gandist interference with the internal affairs of
another State or Territory, as will tend to raise
agitation, or to endanger the public peace and
tranquillity. Leave to others .the liberty you
claim for yourself—the liberty to conduct tneir
own affairs in their own way—and there will
be no need of the perversion of the true princi-
ples of propagandism to justify unjustifiable
acts.
In the pleasant town where the Senator resides,
is a dishonorable home provided by retributive
justice for unfortunate*outcasts, whose crimes, if
not expiated, are justly punished there. I doubt
not but that many a man has gone there, and will
yet be followed by many another, victims of falsa
and dangerous theories, who have been taught
that there are aristocrats in the land—privileged
classes; that property is robbery, and that what
God made for all, the few have no right to appro-
priate to themselves; and that he who wants may
justly take'his share, wherever he finds it, of
which another has unjustly deprived him. The
Senator from New York has not yet reached the
full measure of this faith, though his denuncia-
tions against one kind of property necessarily
lead to the whole doctrine. A little spark kin-
dleth a great fire. It is dangerous to tamper with
human passions. Better is it to instruct, than to
stimulate them. And the Senator, by devoting
his acknowleged talents to this work, and with-
drawing from his present field of excitement, will
acquire more permanent fame, than ever followed
political agitation.
When the Senator proceeds to establish, as he
says, the truth of his conclusions, he gives us an
j inkling of the philosophy of evidence, asking
| what kind he must bring forward to support the
impeachment, and finally falls back upon what
he dignifies as presumptive proofs. AncPpre-
1 sumptuous, indeed, itis to endeavor to fortify such
j grave charges by idle—Imight say, following his
' example, "impertinent" suggestions, at once so
feeble in themselves and so remote in their appli-
cation. There are no less than thirty of these
barren suggestions, spread out in formidable
array, and they constitute about as curious an
exhibition of judicial " distortion" as the whole
history of evidence affords. I shall stop, neither
to recapitulate, nor to dissect them, limiting my-
self to garnering a few from the abundant harvest
! field; but sample enough to establish the true
character of the whole crop.
He begins by observing, that such presump-
tive evidence is derived from the nature and char-
acter of the President's defenses, again intimating
that the President had actually come forward to
; defend himself from the Senator's accusations.
| And then follow the thirty interrogatories, or, in
1 other words, the thirty proofs. Here they are, or
rather specimens of them:
j " Why did the President plead at all on the 31st of De-
cember last, when the new State of Kansas was yet unor-
ganized,.and could not appear here to prefer her accusa-
tions until the 23d of March?"
Divested of mysticism, this means, as I have
before said, why did the President presume to
communicate to Congress the state of affairs in
Kansas? 1 have too much respect for the Senate
to do more than to let the Senator ask this ques-
tion—and such a question. Again:
" Why, if he must answer so prematurely, did he not
plead a general and directdenial ?"
