mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
nessee. If I understand the amendment of the
Senator from Louisiana, it really accomplishes all
that the Senator from Tennessee desire's.^ There
is an estimate for a building of brick and~ another
for iron. It is necessary to appropriate $80,000,
jf the building be made of iron, and $151,0U0 if
it be rridde of brick; leaving the discretion to the
Secretary of the Treasury to make it either of iron
or brick, as he may deem best upon a full exam-
ination. I am very anxious that he should decide
in favor of an iron building. A number of my
constituents have spoken to me on the subject,
and our people are anxious to enlarge the iron
market. I am not, however, willing to carry the
idea so far as to overrule entirely the judgment
of the Secretary of the Treasury, who is to have
charge of the building. I regrot, too, that it hap-
pens thia experiment is to be made in a climate
so hot as that of New Orleans.
Several Senators. The matter is arranged
now.
Mr. BIGLER. I understand that the Senators
from Tennessee and Louisiana have agreed on a
satisfactory amendment. I ask that the clause
be read as they propose to amend it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
P'or the completion of the marine hospital at New Or-
leans, in addition to the nppropuatioa heretoJore made by
an act approved August 4, 18.54, £151,659 20: Pro > vied,
That the Secretary of the Ticasnry >Wa\\ be authonzod to
direct the said hospital to bp. built either of iron, or of brtek,
or both materials, and fire-proof, as in his judgment he may
deem best adapted to the climate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. On behalf of the Committee
on Commerce I offer an amendmentconsisting of
several additional sections to the bill, the effect
of which I will state. They propose an appro-
priation of $83,000 fur the building of a c.ouit-
house, custom-house, and post office, at Pons-
mouth, in the State of New Hampshire; ^95,000
for the erection of similar building at Nashville,
in the State of Tennesson; #50,1)00 for the erection
of similar buildings at O^densbur?, in the Stare
of New York; $50,000 for the erection of similar
structures m Georgetown, m the District of Co-
lumbia; J)8d,OUO for the erection of similar build-
ings at liubuquc, in the State of Iowa; $^,000
for the erection of similar buildings at Knoxville,
in the State of Tennessee; $50,000 for the erec-
tion of similar buildings at Galena, in the State
of Illinois; $50,000 for the erection of aeouit-1
house and post office at Spun fie!<l, Illinois;
$19,500 for the erection of similar buildings at
Sandusky, in the State of Ohio. The agmv^nte
amount of all these appropriations, ineJufinu; the
ten percent, estimated upon them for contingen-
cies, is #(i;26,640.
I will state, for the purpose of avoiding the
necessity of explanation hereniter, that iainn-
meiulations have been submitted to the Senate
from the Secretary of tin4 Treasury, in lavoi of
the edifices at Portsmouth, iYishvillc, Ogdens-
burg, Dubuque, and Knoxville. In regard to the
erection of a custom-house at Geoigoiown, the
Committee On Commerce supposed themselves
so well acquainted with the propriety and neces-
sity and importance oi that object, that they
thought it proper to recommend it without con-
sulting the Department. I have confcned with
the honorable chairman of the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and am happy to Kay (hat
he agrees, as I trust the other members of hi1?
committee will a^ree, to the propneiy of this
structure. In regard to die eddu*es at fc>piingfield
and Sandusky, the committee have been brought
to the conclusion that those recommendations are
right and proper, upon explanations which have
been made to them by tin; honorable ,Senators
and Representatives from the States ui which
they are situated.
One word more as to the principle, which is
important. The United States, as has been seen,
have made a very large appropriation for the
purpose of erecting a custom-house and other
public buildings m the city of New Orleans. A
similar provision was passed yesterday f<5r the
purchase of a site for a post office in Baltimore.
The Government is in negotiation for the pur-
chase of a site, at an expense of ^400,000, for a
similar edifice in the city of New Voile. In the
judgment of the committee, the same policy
which dictates the purchase of sites and crection
of such structures in the large cities, justifies also
the construction of public buildings at the cost of
the Government, instead of becoming lessees of
individuals, at important points within the States.
The Committee on Commerce think it is wise
and right that the .presence of the Government
should be seen and felt in the interior of the
country equally with its great sea-ports. The
expenses are graduated on a scale which has been
established in the adoption of similar structures
heretofore. For the propriety of annexing it to
this bill, I refer to the tenth volume of the Stat-
utes at Large, containing the laws for the year
1854, where will be found the provisions made
by Congress in that year for similar edifices at
various important towns and cities throughout
the United States. The provisions contained in
the sections now submitted are copied, mutatis
mutandis, from the bill of that year. With these
remarks, I leave the matter with the Senate.
Mr. FOOT. I have an amendment to offer to
the amendment. It is to add to it;
That the Secretary of the Tieusujy be, and is hereby,
authorized and dnecfed to cause to be constructed at Rut-
land and at Windsor, Vermont, suitable buildings for the
accommodation of the circuit and distuct courts of the
United States and the several oflices connected therewith,
and the po-,t offices at said Rutland and Windsor, the cost of
which shall not exceed the sumof $25,000 each. And that
the sums mentioned in the preceding section of this act as
the cost of buddings theiein authorized to be constructed,
together with ten pei cent, theieon.to cover the compensa-
tion of aichitoctSj supeimtendcnts* adverting, and other
contingent expenses, and so much may be icquued to
purchase suitable *itos for said buildings, be, and the ssuno
is hereby, appropiiated for the puipo->es aforesaid, out of
any money in the Treasury not othmvihC appiopnated:
Provided, That no money heioby appropriated shall be
u^-ed or applied for the pui poses mentioned until a valid
title to the land foi the Mies ot such buildings shall be vested
in the United State-1, and until the iitate shall aHoduly
ichMM! and lehnrumlj to the United Stales the light to ta\,
*or ui anyway a.-se-^, s.nd sues or the piopetry of thO
rmtx'd i^'nitcs'tluu may be thereon, dining lite tune that Hie
United Srate-* •shall Iv or tem.iin the owner theieof.
One Vv'oid of i^planation. Tf the policy is to
he pursued, as indicated m the amendment offered
froui the Committee on Commerce, of construct-
ing public, buildings in vauous States where thry
have not aheady been constructed for the accom-
modation of the circuit and district e.ouits of the
United Slates, there is no reason why the district
of Vermont should not roceive the same accom-
modation. No public, building has ever been
constructed in the State of Vermont for the
accommodation of the United Stales circuit and
district courts. Not a dollar has ever been paid
to the Treasury of the United States for the rent,
use, or occupancy, of buildings for that purpose.
Yourcouris have used the buildings belon-'ju-r to
to the Mate. The use oi* the court-house of the
couiny has been allowed the IVderal Government
since the ot ^amzahon of the State government,
; yioie than sixty yrais, five of eo.st to the United
! Slates, oftentimes to (lie very :Tcat inconvenience
I of our own State com !>•>. for whejiev er they happen
| to run togothm, our own coutls yield their build-
| ingand repair to some other place, or discontinue
the tent) for the time beni<;\
If this amendment of tin1 committee is to be.
I adopted, there is no icason why the same ae.com-
I modation should not be extended to the distuct
i of Vermont, in respect to the courts ofjusiice of
! the United Statesm that, as in other State's. My
| proposition asks hut for a comparatively small
1 appropriation for this puipose, not running into
1 hundreds of thousands of d oil.ir^, as you have do tie
! for the ere"lion of buildings for tin; circuit and dis-
i triet e.omis of the United Suites in many of the
i cities of the country. The United States courts
. are holden at two places in the State of Vermont.
■ All that we ask for the erect ton of suitable build-
; nigs at both these points is $5t\000—£23,000 for
; each. We do not ask for buildings for purposes
i of ornament, but for the purpose of aeeommodat-
; mg the courts of the United States, and relieving
j ourselves fiom the nroesMty of giving up our own
, eourt-hous.:s t\>r the accommodation of your
j courts. All I have to say is, that if the amend-
i mcnt now proposed from the Committee on Com-
merce be adopted, every reason which applies to
| the several places at which it is proposed to erect
, court-houses applies to the district of Vermont,
i If on? fails, oil should fail; if one passes, all
j should pass.
: Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I understand,
| in the first place, that all these custom-houses are
not recommended by the Secretary of the Trcas-
■ ury. I believe it is also the fact that this is not
a unanimous report of the Committee on Com-
merce. I think, and I hope, it will be found when
we come to take the question on the amendment,
that there are divisions there in regard to it. If
we put on these enormous appropriations for the
erection of new custom-houses—not for the com-
pletion of old, but for the commencement of new
ones—I know not where this is to end; especially
if they are to be put up on the principles which
seem to be in$icat£d by the Senator from New
York. He says that, because $400,000—1 think
a great deal more than that—has been appropri-
ated for the custom-house in New York, where
the larger portion of the revenue is collected, we
ought, therefore, to distribute the advantages to
the interior cities. As I understand, custom-
houses are not built for the purpose of distribut-
ing the public money in different sections of the
country, but to meet the wants of commerce.
A Senator. This is for court-houses and post
offices also.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that evasion.
Where a place- is manifestly not entitled to a
custom-house, they add a court-house and post
office. The fact is, that we are to erect these
buildings for the purpose of distributing the ben-
efits of the expenditure of money wherever there
is a town of considerable size. Take the case of
Dubuque, in Iowa. There is not even a collec-
tion district there. What necessity is there for
a custom-house? Then, in regard to the courts,
I believe there are only alternate sessions of the
United States courts at Dubuque. It is on the
edge of the State of Iowa, and probably the time
is not distant when the courts will be removed
from there. Nor is there any necessity for a post
office building there, unless we are to build houses
at everyplace to which the mail is carried. I do
not see why we are to build them at such places
as Dubuque and Knoxville.
What necessity is there for a custom-house at
Knoxville ? At the large ports where we collect
a great deal of revenue, I believe there is economy
in building custom-houses of sufficient size to
transact the business; but in these interior places,
if there is any such business, we can easily rent
buildings whjich will be adequate for the purpose.
The danger of the system is, that, if we commence,
it in this way, wo shall go on appropriating large
amounts to building houses which are not really
required either as court-houses, or as post offices,
or as custom-houses, but merely to distribute the
I benefits of the expenditure of money among dif-
! fbrent sections of the country. I believe there are
cases where ""some of these court-houses have
j been built, and no courts have been held at them.
So it will be if we appropriate money in this way.
I think it will turn out to be proper hereafter,
in regard to all these new buildings, that we
j should have a separate bills for them as we have
for light-houses. For all the new light-houses
we have a separate appropriation bill; and on the
general appropriation bills we only put'what is
j necessary to keep up the existing light-houses,
j So it ought to be hero. I think, at least, that line
! might safely bo drawn by those who are friendly
' to the^rectjon of these buildings. Let them not
| put new buildings on this bill, and hereafter, I
j think it will probably be practicable and proper,
S as we are going into this system so largely, to
have a separate bill for the now buildings.
Mr, BRODEIEAD. Mr. President, if these
buildings are to be elected at the expense of the
Federal Government, this is not the proper sys-
tem, in my opinion. The Senator from Now
York, and those who think with him, should have
t a law passed similar to the one that was passed
| for the cities of Philadelphia, New York, and
1 Boston. The proposition submitted by the Sen-
| ator from New York appropriates so much money
| at each point. There is no contract made for
; these buildings; we do not know whether one
, can be properly made or not. Congress ought to
j reserve the power of passing on that question.
. If we intend to put up buildings for the purpose
j of accommodating the different Uniteu States
courts and post offices throughout the country,
i we should authorize the head of the proper De-
| partnient to enter into a contract for a suitable
i site, making a contract conditional, and have it
| submitted to us, so that we can see whether a
j proper contract has been made, and a proper site
: selected. It seems to me that is the system which
i should be adopted, if any. It was the system
i i which was adopted in reference to the large cities.
