1956.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
525
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas—The Territories—Mr. Cass.
Senate.
Say guilty or not guilty in his message. This
rather smells of the shop. It is too technical.
•< Why did be interpose the Ailse and impertinent issue
whether one Sour could intervene by iu laws or by force
to aboifeh slaver)" in another State ?"
To borrow an expression from the Senator,
this eertatnly " clinches conviction."
'* W' W he arraign so unnecessarily and to unjustly,
■at one, bat all of the original States ?"
•• Why did he drag into this case, where only Kansas is
concerned, a studied, partial, and prejudicial history of the
past enlargements of the national domain ?"
" Why did he submit a second plea in advance ? "
Translated—" Why did he render an account
to Congress of the state of matters in Kansas?"
Why did he " denounce Massachusetts ?" An-
other -'misrepresentation." This denunciation
■was the expression of regret as to the course of
some of the northern States and their citizens. \
On what evidence does he say that there were j
I* mutual complaints,"&c., in Kansas, as though i
it were not a fact universally known? Why
does he argue that Governor Reeder alone had
power to receive and consider the returns of elec- j
tions, &c., "when he knows that the Governor
being his own agent," Ac. A less profound :
statesman would say that officer was the agent of i
the law. i
" Why was Governor Reeder replaced by Mr.
Shannon, who immediately proclaimed" the Le-
gislature as legal, &c.?
" The President virtually confesses" his guilt,
by presenting a system of maxims and principles
invented to justify him.
There are yet other exhibitions, attending this
rare process, and resulting from the peculiar
▼lews of the Senator, or from the sextuple capa-
city of accuser, prosecutor, witness, defendant,
jury, and judge, in which he presents himself,
that are not unworthy of passing notice.
Because the President enforces theJaws of the
United States in Kansas, by that act " he adopts
the usurpation, and makes it his own." I
Kansas has thus been revolutionized, (by being
prevented from making a revolution,) and " is
prostrated at the foot of the President. ,
Because the President says, in his annual met>- !
■age to Congress, that if there should be obstruc- jj
tions to the Federal law, or organized resistance |j
to the territorial law in Kansas, assuming the ,
character of insurrection, it would be his duty to |!
suppress it—therefore, "he menaces the people ,!
of Kansas with a threat that he will overcome 1
and suppress them." This is no menace; it is ;1
only a warning to the law-breaker, whoever he i1
maybe.
" The President's mind was oppressed—was
full of something too large and burdensome to be '
concealed, and yet too critical to be told"—and, ij
therefore, he told it to Congress and to the country '!
One of the most reprehensible passaged in tne
•whole specch of the Senator is that where he
draws a parallel between Christianity and aboli-
tion; anticipating for the latter the miraculous
progress, which proves the divinity of the former. '
" Abolition," he says, " is a slow but irrepressi- j
ble uprising of principles of natural justice and
humanity, Ac. "I may, however, remind !,
slaveholders, that there is a time when oppres-
sion and persecution cease to be effectual against
such movements," &c. " Christianity, blindly
maligned during three centuries by preetors, gov-
ernors, senators, councils, and emperors, tow-
ered above its enemies in a fourth; and even the
cross, on which its Founder had expired, and ,
which, therefote, was the emblem of its shame, 1
became the sign under which it went forth ever- \
more thereafter, conquering and to conquer. Ab- 1
OLITION IS YETHflTS FIRST CEHTURf." To which ''
I add, may it be its last—the last of external inter-
ference in the domestic concerns of other com-
munities.
He, who runs may read, that the purpose of all
this irreverence, is to elevate this fanatical and
political firebrand to an equality with the Gospel
of Jesus Christ.
The President laments that the election of a
Delegate to Congress could not have been held
early enough to enable the House of Representa-
tives to judge of the election, and thereby decide
the question of qualification of voters; therefore,
the President regretted, that there was not a merely
formal election of the Legislature, " in fraud of
the organic law, and of the people of Kansas, and
of the course of natural justice and humanity."
And this great injury would have been the result
of the judgment of the House of Representatives
of the United States.
Because the President can see no legal power
possessed by him to examine into the validity of
the election in Kansas, therefore it is " ambitious
imbecility." What condition of the human mind
is described by this phrase, I leave to the adept
iu ambitious rhetoric to explain.
The President openly lent his "official influ-
ence and patronage to the slaveholders of Mis-
souri;" the proof of which is, that he knew their
purposes, as the Senator says, and did not in-
terfere to prevent them; or, in other words, to
assume powers the law has not conferred upon
him.
The President is forcibly introducing and es-
, tablishing slavery in Kansas.
" The Congress of the United States can refuse
admission to Kansas only on the ground, that it
will not relinquish the hope of carrying African
slavery into that new Territory."
This is another bold assertion, sir, but that is
its only claim to concurrence. I shall vote to
refuse admission to Kansas; and at the same time I
I hope that neither African slavery, nor any other !
kind of slavery, will be established there; and I 1
believe, if the Senator and his political friends 1
will cease their agitation, that Kansas will event-
ually be a free State. At the same time, whether
slavery is to be established there or not, my
course will be the same. I shall maintain the
principle, which leaves that question to the peo-
ple, and I shall rest Satisfied with their decision,
trusting that the question may be determined by
them, uninfluenced by any external interference,
whether from Missouri or Massachusetts.
But, sir, I have not time to follow the Senator
in his "extraordinary inconsistency"—another
phrase coined by him for the President. I must
hasten on, and leave that task to those, who con-
sider it a useful one. The Kansas Legislature,
under its panoply of legal form, was as independ- I
ent of the Executive as the Executive was of |
that body. The only case, which admitted legal
interference, was the case that occurred, when,
there being danger of opposition to the law, and , I
that danger having been duly made known, the j j
President promptly took legal measures for the ' I
preservation of the public peace. For that act ij
of wise precaution he is entitled to the commend- ' |
ation of the country. It has, probably, prevented j1
a civil war among the people themselves, and,
perhaps, an insurrection against the United States. ;
After the organization of the Kansas Legislature,
there were two modes of proceeding open to all 1
those, who considered themselves aggrieved. One
was to resort to the judicial tribunals; and the
other to appeal to Congress. Neither measure
was adopted. In the mean time the Legislature
went on with its work of law-making; and its
labors have been exposed to severe criticism, as
well as to grave censure—whether justly or not ;■
ddfe not affect the inquiry we are engaged in, j
which turns upon the legal powers of the Legis- j
lature, and not upon the wisdom or the folly of ;
their exercise. Though I am Tree to confess that, '
while the great body of the code they enacted is
marked with wise and salutary provisions, and i
may favorably compare with the legal systems of
our older States, offenses are created, and pro- l|
hibitions and penalties provided, irreconcilable
with the first principles of human freedom, and
revolting to American feeling. Determined to
examine this whole subject dispassionately, I j
determined also to express my opinion frankly, ;
and to condemn or approve, asjustice should seem ]
to me to require; and in the condemnation I am
now pronouncing I am acting in that spirit. I ;
am not to be led—misled rather—by opinions, like 11
those we have heard, putting constructions on
these laws, inconsistent with their plain import,
and declared when public sentiment had pro-
nounced them indefensible. Those entertaining
such opinions speak for themselves; but I read
the terms employed by the Legislature, and judge
for myself. They are unequivocal, and the pro-
ceeding is a reproach to American jurisprudence.
Disregarding the two legal remedies within
; their power, the citizens of Kansas, opposed to
the action of the Legislature, resorted to a revo-
lution. This is what the Senator from New York
i calls the movement, while lie approves il; and
this is what it would have been if carried into
operation. A convention was elected, and quickly
convened, and it as quickly formed a constitution,
making provision for its operation, without the
sanction of Congress, as soon as approved by a
popular vote. This vote it received; and if wiser
eounsels finally prevailed, and the constitution
was not forcibly carried into operation during the
existence of the government instituted by Con-
gress, and a collision thus avoided, the result
formed no part of the original plan That con-
stitution is now before us.
And why this precipitate act of revolution,
| which, if consummated, would have brought
! those participating in it into direct collision with
| the Government of the United States ? Why not
| ask Congress for a redress of grievances, arising
1 out of a law enacted by itself? No man can doubt
j the power of Congress to watch the operation of
, its own laws, and to provide all necessary rem-
edies for their maladministration. Nor ought any
man to doubt, that if this whole matter had been
properly presented by petition from the people at
the commencement of the session, there would
have been an impartial and rigid inquiry, followed
by such measures, as justice might have required.
Instead of that course, we are now asked to give
our sanction to these revolutionary proceedings
by confirming them, and thus to establish a prin-
ciple incompatible with future tranquillity in the
Territories, and holding out encouragement for
future resistance.
Now, sir, this application will not receive my
vote. 1 will agree to set no such example. The
immediate effect would be to render operative a
constitution for Kansas, the work of but one por-
tion of a people, divided by internal dissensions,
being a portion arraying itself against the law,
instead of appealing for redress to this high tri-
bunal of the nation, competent to administer it.
The course proposed by the Committee on the
Territories is free from objection, and I shall vote
for it. It is to submit to the whole people, and
by legal authorization, the question of "tne insti-
tution of their own government, and not subject
one portion to the work of another, thus perpet-
uating divisions, which it is the interest of the
country to terminate as soon as possible. Warned
by the past, I think we should provide for the
future by adequate penalties in the organic laws
against all unlawful external interference in the
affairs of the Territories, and especially against
the entran6e of armed persons or parties to con-
trol or overawe the elections; and I submit for
consideration, whether some provision of that na-
ture is not now required at our hands; whether it
would not be a just measure in itself, and a proper
tribute to the purity of elections, a great conserv-
ative principle, dear to every right-minded Amer-
ican. Let us have no more armed invasion from
without, nor insurrection within.
Mr. President, many and signal have been the
interpositions of Providence in our favor, since
the commencement of our national existence. We
have been carried forward in a career of pros-
perity, unexampled in the history of the world.
Difficulties and dangers have beset us, upon the
right haqd and upon the left; but we have safely
passed through them, gathering strength in our
progress, till we have nothing to fear but ourselves
and the just judgments of God. A question is
around us, among us, exciting angry passions,
and arraying one portion of the country against
another—a sectional question, the most difficult
and delicate with whicn we have to deal. And
a way has been found to deal with it which
requires no sacrifice of principle, of pride, or of
opinion, by one part of the Confederation to the
other, but their mutual submission of the contro-
versy to the operation of the great doctrine of the
right of man to govern himself, the only solid
basis of republican governments. And the dis-
Censations of Providence towards us have never
een marked with more kindness, than in inclining
the hearts of the American people to seek refuge
from impending danger in this, the only means of
averting it. There is no other ground on which
we can stand together. The wisdom of man can
