1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
the law last passed will not bear a construction
by which, he shall receive §4,000.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The item reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means does not
at all involve the question as to whether the law
ought to have required this appropriation to be
made. The sole duty of the committee was, to
report the items provided for by existing laws.
The argument on the other side is, that those
laws ought to have provided differently. If we
are confined to a simple construction of the laws
they exist upon the statute-book, I submit that
there is no ground for a legal difference about the
operation of the law. It is usual to provide that
the same individual shall perform the duties of
two several offices; and of course he is entitled to
the compensation of the two offices. But we have
here not an inference of that kind, but an express
provision of law giving him two kinds of com-
pensation. The section of the act of 1850 says,
that he shall be the commander-in-chief of the
militia, and shall perform the duties and receive
the emoluments of the superintendent of Indian af-
fairs. Well, surely, that confers upon him the
office, and expressly confers upon him the emol-
uments of the office of superintendent of Indian
affairs, entirely irrespective of any other office he
may hold.
We have then a subsequent act—that of 1854—
.which treats this person in his capacity of Gov-
ernor, and not at all as Superintendent of Indian
affairs. The law of 1854, carefully discriminating
between the compensation of the two offices,
♦says he shall receive a salary as Governor of New
Mexico, and that the same " is hereby increased
to the sum of $3,000." If we are dealing with
law, we must interpret it according to legal rules
of construction. The salary of the Governor of
New Mexico is not the emoluments of the office of
the superintendent of Indian affairs.
As to the suggestion of the honorable gentleman
from Alabama, that there should be a proviso in-
serted in this bill, giving a construction to this
appropriation, I submit, most respectfully, that
that is not an appropriate amendment to the sub-
ject-matter of this bill. We are not now dealing
with what should be the law; we are merely pay-
ing debts now binding on the United States. That
Will be not even a fit subject for an amendment to
any other general appropriation bill hereafter;
though there may be appropriately inserted, in a
special bill providing for the salaries of Governors
of Territories, a proviso, that when to that office
is annexed the office of superintendent of Indian
affairs, the emoluments of the latter office shall
not be added to the salary of the Governor, and
that he shall receive nothing in addition to ins
salary as Governor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like the gentleman
from Maryland, or the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, to turn to the law, and
read it to the committee, which says, that no
officer shall receive two salaries if they go above
a certain amount—$2,500, I think. I would like
to have that law read.
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman will give me a
reference to the law he alludes to, I will read it
with pleasure.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have not got the law book
here, but the gentleman will, perhaps, find it with-
out trouble.
Mr. DAVIS. I am not aware of the existence
of the act to which the gentleman refers; but cer-
tainly it cannot control the express declaration of
a subsequent act of Congress providing a specific
salary for an officer, and giving him likewise the
emoluments of another office, the duties of which
he is to discharge. Under any circumstances, it
is a mere question as to the meaning of the
statute which defines the compensation; and all
that the committee now has to do is to pass upon
the propriety of the construction placcd on that
law by the Committee of Ways and Means. I
submit, that not even has a legal argument been
raised on thf question on the other side.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I believe that the
act referred to by the gentleman from Alabama
was passed in 1844. I know that the doctrine
has been generally held, that in all cases where
an officer performs the duties of two offices he
should in no case receive a greater compensation
than the compensation attached to one office—he
choosing the best one. And I know further, sir,
that in some instances, where payments to a large t
amount were made by way of compensation to
an officer performing the duties of two offices,
suits were instituted by direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury, and the money recovered back.
Mr. CADWALADER. I confess, Mr. Chair-
man, that I do not consider the argument of the
gentleman from Missouri, or the gentleman from
Maryland, either anticipated or subsequently an-
swered. The question is not what may have
been a general provision of a prior statute, be-
cause the language of the statute now m question
is explicit and clear. Nor, again, is the question
as to what particular members of this House, or
of the Senate, or as to what all of the members
may have mentally intended. The question is
the effect and meaning of the words which have
been used. And if language can be clearer than
the language of this act, used, I think, without
sound judgment, the words of which expressly
require the payment of these double emoluments
to the same officer—I am at a loss to conceive
how the effect of language can in any case be
duly attributed to it. I do not mean to discuss
this subject further, because I tlnnk it has been
exhausted. All I mean to say is, that supposing
the gentleman from Tennessee made it clear that
the House m passing that act meant something
different from that expressed, and supposing that
the member from Maine was right in conceiving
this to be an exception to the general course of
legislation, still it is a case in which, as the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] and the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] have
shown, an exceptional effect will be given to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will read the law to which
I called attention a few moments ago. It is an
amendment of a law which had been passed some
few years before. Here is a section of this law^
approved 31st August, 1852:
u*.1nd be it further enuded^ That no person hereafter who
holds or shall hold any office uridei the Government of the
United States, whose salcuy or animal ( ompensation shall
amount to thf sum of shall lfceive compensation
for discharging the duties of any other office."
Mr. CAMPBELL. What is the date of that
act?
Mr.HOUSTON. It is dated August 31,1852,
and is express and clear, covering the point m
controversy here. But gentlemen say that, even
admitting that this law exists, the other is law,
too. Now,*ar, there is a mistake about this.
The compensation proposed to be given to the
Governor of New Mexico is one of construction.
The Committee of Ways and Means construe
the law in which he is required to perform, in
addition to his duties as Governor, the duties of
superintendent of Indian affairs, as continuing in
force and untouched, notwithstanding that "his
salary is quite doubled by the act of July, 1854.
Now, sir, what did Congress intend by this." The
law which I have quoted was an existing law at
the time that Governor Meriwether's salary was
increased to $3,000; and if he was entitled—as
he was entitled before that—to his salary as Gov-
ernor and as superintendent of Indian affairs, for |
which he obtained from the Government #2,500 '
per year, still, as soon as his salary was raised to
$3,000, he fell within the provisions of the law of
1852, which provides that no officer shall receive
any additional salary (above $2,500) forperform-
mg the duties of any other office.
Will my friend from Virginia read the law
under which this compensation is claimed?
Mr. LETCHER. You will find it there; it is
the act of 1854. Here is the act to winch it is
amendatory, providing that the executive power |j
and authority in and over said Territory of New j
Mexico shall he vested in a Governor, who shall l'
hold his office for four years, and until his sue- ||
cessor is appointed and qualified, unless sooner ij
removed by the President of the United States; j|
that the Governor shall reside within the said Ter-
ritory; shall be commander-in-chief of the militia \
thereof; and shall perform the duties and receive ji
the emoluments of the superintendent of Indian !l
affairs. \
Mr. HOUSTON. The law of 1854, under
which this deficiency bill proposes to appropriate
this item, says this: -|
" And that the salary of the Governor of Now Mexico be, 1 j
and the same is heieby, increased to the sum of §3.000." : j
It does not speak of his emoluments, or of any }
compensation to be given to him as superintend- ;|
ent of Indian affairs; but it simply increases his
salary from #1,500 to #3,000. And if under no
other circumstances—if under no other aspect of
the case he should be precluded from the appro-
priation now proposed to be paid, certainly he
ought to be precluded by the law of 1852, winch
says that, wheneverthe salaiy of an officer is equal
to $2,500, he shall not have any additional com-
pensation. That law is dated July, 1854; this
one is dated August, 1852. No member of the
Committee of Ways and Means, and no member
of the last Congress, will get up and say tkat he
believed Congress intended to appropriate this
money. On the contrary, this construction is
one merely given by a Department, directly in
the face of the spirit of the legislation, or, if con-
sistent with the legislation, certainly in the face
of the intention of Congress at the time the act
was passed.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman misapprehends
the construction which I gave to the law. The
declaration I made was, that at the time the act
of the 27th of June, 1854, was passed, increasing
the salaries of the territorial officers, I did not
believe it was the intention of Congress that the
Governor of New Mexico should receive his
salary as Governor and that of superintendent of
Indian affairs in addition, making an aggregate
of §4,000 per annum; but that such a construc-
tion was not incompatible with the phraseology
of the law.
Mr. LETCHER. I differ in opinion with both
my friend from Missouri and my friend from Al-
abama. I do not believe that Congress cared a
copper whether they gave these officers three,
four, or five thousand dollars. That is my opin-
pn. It went through here like & good many other
lopositions to increase salaries—like one which
gave $20,000 to the public printer. Members did
not look into thfe matter. They acted merely
from such considerations as were presented at
the time, and never looked to the effects of their
votes.
Sir, I dissent from my friend from Alabama
altogether in his mode of construing this law.
Here is the act of 1850, which declares that the
Governor of New Mexico shall receive, in addi-
tion to his salary as Governor, an additional
compensation of $1,000 per annum as superin-
tendent of Indian affairs. That provision is
made in the third section of the act of 1850. In
1854 an act was passed, giving the Governor of
this Tenitory a specific salary, as Governor, of
$3,000 per annum, without alluding in any wav
to his connection with the office of superintend-
ent of Indian affairs in the Territory. Now, if
the object of the act had been to deprive him of
the compensation which he enjoyed as superin-
tendent of Indian affairs under the act of 1850,
would it not have so stated in express terms?
Mr. DUNN. Will my friend from Virginia
allow me to make an inquiry? 1 want to know
whether the amount proposed in this bill is in
addition to the $3,000 per annum allowed him as
Governor by the law of 1854 ?
Mr. LETCHER. It is to make up the differ-
ence between the increased salary allowed him as
Go vet nor under the act of 1854, and that allowed
him as Governor and superintendent of Indian
affairs under the act of 1850.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is an appropriation, in
addition to the $3,000 a year, for his services as
Governor, allowed by law.
Mr. LETCHER. The case stands thus: The
Governor of this Territory received a specified
sum as superintendent of Indian affairs, and he
received a certain sum as Governor. In 1854 his
salary as Governor was increased to $3,000,
without taking away what he received as super-
intendent of Indian affairs. If you will add what
he is entitled to receive under the third section of
the act of 1850, and what he is entitled to receive
under the act of 1854, you will make the exact
difference between what he has received by former
appiopriation and the amount here provided for.
That is the state of the case.
My friend from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] says
that oythe actof 1852 these officers are prohibited
from receiving more than one salary. Very well.
If they are prohibited from receiving more than
one salary, does the gentleman undertake to say
that an act passed two years after that, which
gives him this increased compensation as Gov-
ernor, was intended to deprive him of his com-
