$186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
make it a light-house. I do i)ot know whether
thstt would not be an admirable improvement on
this system of public economy.
Sit, the art employed now in assailing the
Treasury of the United States is equal in its in-
genuity, equal in its*contrivances, to all that mili-
tary science has accomplished towards the attack
of fortified towns. Here, for instance, you will
not say whether you want a court-house; you
will not venture to ask #80,000 to build a court-
house, and say you will have no more. That
will not do. That is a simple inquiry. The
plainest man who can make no calculation has
seen a court-house, and knows what that is, and
in his own mind can make some kind of lough,
perhaps erroneous, guess of what the cost of a
court-nouse is. But all that is avoided; all speci-
fication is got rid of; a generous sort of obscurity
is thrown over the whole matter. Oh, no! that
is the object, but it is for a custom-house! When
you get that in, you throw nine tenths of the
people of this country entirely out of their calcu-
lation ; they hardly know whtft a custom-house is.
It may require a marble palace for a collector to
be invested with official authority and dignity to
collect (he gold of the country, and for a sub-
treasury there; that cannot be so well estimated.
But still further to confound and complicate the
calculation, you throw in a post office, and pres-
ently it may be alight-house on the top of it; and
thus, who is to know and who is to judge? All
the consolation offered to the people who do not
understand this thing, is the very economical re-
striction that comes in at the foot of this appro-
priation, and says no more shall bo expended;
there shall be no increase; not more that $90,000
shall be expended out of the public Treasury for
this court-house; and if you think that too mueh
for a court-house, remember a custom-house is
thrown m; and if it is still too much, recollect
that a post office is thrown m. You confuse the
account in this way and satisfy the public of their
ignorance about the expenditure of public money.
Whence comes this sudden necessity? God
knows, if these are necessary burdens to be
brought on us, if these are necessary impositions,
let us take them in parcels—in broken doses, and !
not swallow down over half a million at once in i
the construction of a court-house.
Mr. President, it is not necessary, and the past
has proved that it is not. [t may be more con-
venient in some places than m others, but it is
not necessary tiny where, liverywhere through-
out this whole proposition there in an unnecessary
extravagance. 1 shall vote, with the conviction
that I am performing my duty, against evei y one
of them, and 1 shall give that vote with pleasure
as to most of them. 1 think we can be satisfied
with less than thin. Justice does not demand a
palace. J\|o,sir, it does not require such houses);
and 1 should think a custom-house ollieer might
be contented with less than a palace, and a deputy
postmaster might put up with an ordinary resi-
dence, such as the best citizens of his own city
have." 1 can see no necessity for this appropu-
atior~-no ne- :ty for building up such costly
establishments through the country. 1 am op-
posed to that. 1 thank God, that in my State
the United States never owned afoot of land, and
never built a house, She may have built, upon
the shores of the Ohio river, a little house as a
military post, and she may have an hospital down
the liver far away fium us, but she lias no court-
house, *he has no annory, she has no aisenal
there. We are attached to her upon principle, from
our accordance with the principles of her Union
and Constitution. Our attachment to her is not
because she builds fine houses; not. because she
is a great undertaker, and expends a great ileal
of money with ua. We are, thank God, free
from all that.
Now I think, after having appropriated as much
money as we have at the present session, it is
time for us to begin to take a little consideration.
I am sorry, sir, to differ, as my course sometimes
renders it necessary, from the Senator fiom Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jones.] Tennessee is to me, as I
have said at home, a twin sister with Kentucky,
won from the Indians about the same time,-set-
tled about the same time, lying side by side the
whole long length of both States, with institu-
tions all alike, and continual intercourse. We
are as one people. I hold her as such; but I
never knew before this day that Knoxville was a
port of entry, though I believe I had heard Nash-
ville was. I know how all this came about. I
do not know, sir, whether you [Mr. Weller in
the chair] recollect it; probably you do- not.
General Jackson, in one of his early vetoes of
bills for internal improvements proposed to be
made in navigable streams, made it a ground of
objection that they were above any port of entry,
and he seemed at one time to draw a distinction
.between the constitutionality of the improve-
ments made below a port of entry, and those
made above it—those below being constitutional,
and those above unconstitutional. Well, sir, there
the matter rested. It was not thought to be a
very sound constitutional objection when it was
made; but nevertheless, in a little while, turning
it to advantage, as our ingenious people do every-
thing, they sought to answer this argument prac-
tically, by getting every little town on every little
river declared by an act of Congress to be a port of
entry. That was the idea. Every little public
place came forward here, and by a sort of legis-
lation that was then considered little less than
ludicrous, was declared a port of entry. The
thing was laughed at, and thought to have no
consequences whatever. " What harm can there
be?" it was said; " we are in favor of internal
improvements, and may help them along in this
way; but if we do not accomplish that good,
there can bo no harm." So Congress was ex-
ceedingly liberal ;and from Knoxville, as it seems,
away up to the remote regions represented by
my friend from Iowa—Dubuque—we had ports
of entry. I am not sure that the little town in
which X live is not a port of entry. Whether it is
or not, though I have lived there constantly, I
cannot undeitake to say; but it is not likely that
it is.
Now, sir, look at that innocent, little, ridicu-
lous matter, as it wasin the beginning, of making
ports of entry, and see what the consequences
now are. There is an application to build an
hospital in the city of my friend from Louisiana,
which cannot cost us less than §400,000. We
take oar lessons from the great sea-port towns,
anil practice upon them as far as we can. All
our little extravagances come from th  great
cities. Instead of lis being a fruitless, ridiculous
sort of thing to be declared a port of entry, we
have followed on and improved upon the theory.
It was at first a legislative answer to General
Jackson's constitutional objection to improve-
ments; and now how are we doing? Why, the
aigument in, this place is a port of entry; the
Government collects revenue here; and you must
have a custom-house. How ridiculous it would
have been for us, we are told, to have made a port
of entry where no foreign goods are ever landed,
and no duties ever paid; and if there have been
no importations there yet, there will be, and we
must therefore build a custom-house, and be ready
for them! And besides, sir, we must have an
hospital—that is certain—for our poor boatmen
and sailois, if they take sick. Here, then, is an
hospitul, and here is a custom-house, all follow-
ing in the tram of and in consequence of this
little, ridiculous former legislation of ours rising
up ill the way I have described. I say it is time
for us to retrace our steps. This amendment is
giving a new and increased volume to this cur-
rent. 1 am opposed to it, and to the whole of it.
I am sorry that 1 have occupied tile Senate longer
than 1 designed on this question.
Air. JOjNES, of Tennessee. I regret, much
more than my friend from Kentucky, that he has
felt it to be his duty to occupy any portion of the
attention of the Senate on this occasion. At all
tunes it is a source of regret to me lo differ with
him. His age, his experience, Ins superior wis-
dom, everything renders it painful to me in the
extreme. I have very often deferred to the opin-
ions of that distinguished Senator; but on this
occasion he has placed me m a condition where
I cannot surrender the opinions which I have ex-
piessed. If the speech made by the honorable
Senator from Kentucky had come fiom my friend
horn Georgia, [Mr. Toomdr,] I should not have
been at all astonished. 1 should have expected
just such a speech from him; but coming from the
Senator from Kentucky, who has been the father
of this system, as I understand, I feel utterly
astounded. He has gone back twenty or thirty
years, to tell you when thi.= ridiculous idea, as he
calls it, of the establishment of ports of entry
commenced.^ He says it was designed to con-
ciliate the prejudices of General Jackson. I ask
my distinguished friend if, in that conciliation,
he did not vote to make the mouth of the Little
Laurel a port of entry—a branch that I do not
suppose ever had more than three feet of water,
which enters into the Cumberland river, in the
State of Kentucky ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not know that I
did, and I do not know that I did not, vote for it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no doubt
that the Senator did. He was fighting Jackson
then, and was for overcoming him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I said 1 never thought
it amounted to anything.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then you inaugu-
rated a system which you say amounted to noth-
ing, but has grown to be a stupendous affair now.
If there be any blame in this matter, it attaches
to my friend, and those who acted with him at
that time, for they inaugurated the system of
ports of entry. They said, by their votes, that
General Jackson was right, or they would never
have consented to it. When they have inaugu-
rated the system, and the Government has been
going on upon that system from that time till
now—when gentlemen have become perfectly
satisfied with their appropriations, and others
come in and ask to be placed on an equal footing,
they say it is a monstrous system.
My friend talked a great deal about palaces,
marble palaces — for what? For the courts of
justice to be held in. Well, sir, if there ought
to be a marble palace for anything on the face
of the earth, it ought to be for the sanctuary of
justice. If there is any pride in the American
character, I should like to see that pride vindicate
itself by building palaces for the courts of justice.
But why talk of palaces? Wobody has asked for
palaces here; nobody asks that these buildings
shall be of marble; nobody asks that they shall
be magnificent. Your chosen and selected officer
E residing over the proper Department has sent
is estimates here; and he says $50,000 will do
for a house of one description, and $88,000 for a
house of another description; and that is mag-
nified into a palace ?
My friend says he congratulates himself and
Kentucky that the Federal Government owns no
land in Kentucky. Ho will pardon me for dif-
fering with him on that question. It owns more
places in Kentucky than in Tennessee, or, in my
judgment, any other southwestern State. It
owns the land in the city of Louisville whereupon
a custom-house has been erected—a palace. If
I am not misinformed—and I am pretty sure that
I am correct—it owns there a marine hospital—
another palace. When you get down to Paducah,
yon find that it owns another spot of land, on
which another palace has been erected. All these
palaces have been erected by the Federal Govern-
ment, and the money has come out of the Federal
Treasury. Now my friend is horrified at it. He
may well be, when Kentucky has got all she
asked. When we have had nothing, and ask for
a little, he calls the country to witness that here
is a monstrous outrage; the public Treasury is
being exhausted to build up these edifices which
his constituents have and we have not.
Again, this Government owns, in the very
heart and center of the State of Kentucky, a piece
of ground for which it paid $100,000 not more
than two or three years ago; and I know my
honorable friend aided me in getting that done.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is that?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The . military
asylum at Harrodsburg. Here, then, in Kentucky
you have a military asylum for which the Gov-
ernment paid §100,000. You have at Louisville a
palace for the collection of customs. You have
at Louisville another palace for the sick. You
have another at Paducah. You have a fort and
barracks at Newport. What have we got in
Tennessee? Nothing of all this; and when we
of Tennessee ask for the first appropriation of
this character, my distinguished friend lifts his
hands with horror and says, " Palaces are to be
built out of the people's money, in which to hold
your courts, and distribute your mail matter, and
collect your customs !" He says he did not oven
know that Knoxville was a port of entry. X
would ask him if Knoxville is not. as much enti-
tled to be a port of entry as the mouth of Laurel,
where I do not know that there is a human being
