THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
pftnsation under that prior law as superintendent j |
Of Indian affairs? . |l
Mr. STEPHENS. The act of 1854 brings it j
within the operation of that law. ;!
Mt. LETCHER. No, sir; it does not bring it ,
Within- the operation of that law. If it had, it 1
would have said ao. This Subsequent act con- j
tr-ols the prior acts upon the same subject. That i
it; t'he rule of construction that must be given in i
aft cases. You must see howfar there is consist- .
eiicy Or inconsistency between all the acts upon i
this subject; and if there is inconsistency between ;
this last act and the other acts, the. last'overndes j
the former acts with which it is in conflict. It :
seems to me that, under a fair construction of these |
acts, this amount is due him. Whether it is right I
that it should have been allowed by law, is another i
matter. When the proposition was made to in- j
crease his salary, I voted against it, but I did not ]
stand with a very strong party. I have never
found a strong party to vote against such things
opoft this floor in past sessions of Congress.
Mr. DUNN. If I understand the nature of
this controversy, it does not occur to me that
there is any want of harmony in these statutes;
neither does it strike me that the Governor of
New Mexico is entitled to this additional sum.
The rule of construction which would be adopted
in the courts, and which we ought to regard here,
is, that if we can construe the several statutes in
harmony with each other, so that all may stand,
we must do it.
In 1850, then—taking the statutes in their order
of time—a law was passed organizing the terri-
torial government of New Mexico, and, under
that law, it devolved upon the Governor to per-
form the duties of superintendentof Indian affairs.
For his salary as Governor so much was given,
and for his salary as superintendent of Indian
affairs another sum was given; in all, I believe,
making $2,500. Gentlemen will bear in mind
that was in 1850.
In 1852, an act was passed to the effect that
whenever, thereafter, the salary of any officer
should be as much as $2,500, he should receive
no additional compensation from the Government
for any other duties that might be imposed upon
or performed by him in the public service. That,
I understand from gentlemen, is the substance of
that act.
If the salary which the Governor of New Mex-
ico had been receiving had then been §3,000, or
but $2,500, he would nave been entitled to receive
nothing in addition as superintendent of Indian
affairs, the object of the act of 1852 being to cover
precisely such cases as this; and the act is also
made to apply to all cases thereafter. As I under-
stand it, he was then receiving a compensation, as
Governor, less than $2,500—only $1,500. A sub-
sequent act, however, was passed, extending it
beyond that sum, increasing his salary as Gov-
ernor to §3,000. Sir, there is no conflict, so far
as I see, between the different acts.
How, then, stands the case ? When his salary
as Governor is raised to S3,000, he stands just
where he would have stood if, in 1852, his salary
as Governor had been $2,500; his compensation
as superintendent of Indian affairs was cut off
by that act of 1852. When his salary as Gov-
ernor was raised to $3,000 in 1854, that act of
1852 was in force—saying that, thereafter, when-
ever the salaries of these Governors were as much
as §2,500, they should have no additional com-
pensation for any other duties they might dis-
charge in obedience to the law they were charged
-with administering. All of these acts can thus
stand together, and there is no want of harmony
between them, viewed in this light; and there is
no difficulty arises by taking this construction,
so far as I see. The act of 1852 is simply a lim-
itation on the other two acts, so as to prevent
double compensation for services one person was
required, as a public officer, to perform.
A court, I think, would give the acts this con-
struction; and, if so, we should. The proper
method of construing these acts is not by looking
at what any member of Congress then said, nor
at what such member now says he then intended,
but at the acts themselves—at what Congress in
its legislative capacity has said. One of these
acts provides that his salary as Governor shall
be §3,000, and another act provides that if his
salary is up to the limit of $2,500, he shall receive
nothing m addition as superintendent of Indian
affairs. That I take to be clearly the meaning of
the whole matter, and is all I wish to say.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Alabama move to strike out the clause ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before that ques-
tion is put, I \vill move to insert, at the end of the
paragraph, the following proviso:
Provided; That from and after the passage of this act the
salary and compensation of the Governor and superinten-
dent of Indian affairs shall be $3,ODD, any law to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will suggest that possibly
the Department may get hold of that, and so con-
strue it as to give htm $6,000. [Laughter.] Such
a construction would be as fair as the one now
given.
Mr. JONES. I do not see how any one could
make any such construction.
Mr. DUNN. I think the law is dear enough
on that point. Yet, if it is not, this is a proposi-
tion to fix the salary by a general law in a defi-
ciency appropriation bill. It is out of place, and
had better be done in a more regular way.
Mr. JONES. It may not be strictly in order;
still, I have followed the example of the commit-
tee who reported the bill. They have reported
general legislation in it. I do not suppose that
there are any gentlemen here who think that
the salary of the Governor of New Mexico ought
to be $4,000. If we do not get this provision in
here, we may not get it in anywhere else. If it is
ri^ht and proper that we should say what the
salary should be,—everybody seems to agree that
Congress never intended it should be more than
$3,000,—why not make the provision here? Why
not now give the Secretary of the Treasury and
the proper accounting officers the true construc-
tion of the law ?
*The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Indiana raise the question of order ?
Mr. DUNN. I do not think the amendment
is in order, and I ask the Chair to decide the
point.
Mr. JONES. I hope the gentleman will waive
his point of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. This is an extraordinary
case.
Mr. DUNN. I will not press the question of
order.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee will prevail.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I hope that the mo-
tion to strike out will not prevail. I am awk-
wardly situated in reference to this matter. The
Governor of the Territory of New Mexico first
brought the subject to my attention. He left
with me a brief which, thus far, I have not had
any opportunity of looking into, which I prom-
ised to do. I have not thought to look into it
before. Gentlemen can reach this matter as well
in the House as in the committee. It is three
o'clock, and if the committee will rise, I shall
take it as an especial favor. I move that the
committee do now rise.
The question was taken; and the committee
refused to rise.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means does not expect
to report the bill to the House to-day, I ask that
this item, instead of being stricken out, be passed
over until the bill is gone through with.
The CHAIRMAN. That may be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman will ae.com-
i plish nothing by it. If he is going to leave the
bill in committee, we might as well rise now.
Mr. CxlMPBELL, of Ohio. Let us get through
as far as we can.
Mr. HOUSTON. We have not a quorum
present; and I do not think the bill can be got
through to-night.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If we cannot get a quorum
at this stage of the session, on a deficiency bill,
what arc we to expect by next September ?
The paragraph indicated was parsed over, and
the Clerk proceeded with the reading of the bill.
When the following clause was read:
" To compensate the clerk of the United States district
court for the State of Connecticut, tor making certified copies
of all copyrights recorded in In - oliiee, between January.
1846, and February, 185^.^90 25."—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said: I would in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means why that item is placed in the bill,
and for what purpose those copyrights were
copied ? It may be customary to pay for such
copies, but that cannot be a deficiency. If this is
to be the entering wedge to a system of paying a
compensation to the clerks of all the district courts
of the United States, for making copies of the
copyrights filed in their respective offices, there
will be no end to such applications for compensa-
tion.
Mr. HAYEN. What were the copies made for?
Mr. JONES. I do not know.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Secretary of
State says, in his communication, that this item
is to pay Alfred Blackmail, clerk of the United
States district court for the State of Connecticut,
for making certified copies of all copyrights re-
corded in his office between January, 1846, and
February, 1852.
Mr. JONES. I would ask the gentleman what
the copies were made for?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand they were
made for the use of the Department of State.
Mr. JONES. It is a new item.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has there been any appro-
priation for that kind of expense for this current
year ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. No.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then this cannot be a de-
ficiency.
Mr. JONES. If it is a contingent expense, it
should be so stated. I expect, if we pass this
item, we shall have to pay every clerk,of every
district court of the United States for making
similar copies, and that, too, without knowing
what use is made of them. I move to strike out
the whole item.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill having been read through, the question
recurred upon the following item, which was
passed over informally by unanimous consent:
" For increased salary of the Governor of New Mexico,
per act of July 27, 1854, $1,929 35."
Mr. LETCHER. This Governor of New
Mexico is not the only Governor whose salary
was increased a year ago. I believe the Gov-
ernors of the Territories of Oregon and Wash-
ington each reccive $3,000 a year for attending
to their duties as Governors; and I think, if you
will examine the matter, you will find that the
superintendent of Indian affairs in each of those
Territories receives $2,500 a year for attending
to the duties of that department alone—making
$5,500 paid, in each of those two Territories, to
the Governor and superintendent of Indian affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) If the gen-
tleman will allow me, I will say that the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means seems
anxious to get the bill through the committee this
evening; and as this item has been hanging along
for years, I think it will not hurt by hanging along
a little longer. Let this item be stricken out, and
in the mean time members can examine it. As
it stands now, those of us who entertain the
opinion which 1 do m reference to it, will be com-
pelled to resist it, and if we do, we cannot get the
bill through the committee to-day.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection to an
arrangement of that sort, in order to enable us to
get through with the bill. I should never have
agreed to put it into the bill, unless I thought the
law justified us in placing it there.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I would suggest to
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,]
who seems to consider the success of his motion
to be a foregone conclusion, that he should allow
this item to pass the committee and let it go into
the House, and when it gets into the House he
can move to strike it out.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is wrong in
his suggestion, even to accomplish his own object.
If we agree to let it be strieken out in the com-
mittee, it will necessarily come up in the House,
upon a vote whether we will agree with the action
of the committee. If we do not strike it out here,
it will be out of our power to act upon it at all in
the House, as the previous question will be moved
upon the whole bill and amendments.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will give gentle-
men an opportunity to move to strike it out in
the House.
Mr. JONES. The question is getting consider-
ably complicated. If the committee now strikes
