1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
out the clause, the proviso I have offered, of course, '
is lost, and it will never be reported to the House; ;
and consequently there will be no legislation I
establishing what the correct construction of the l
law is, or what shall be the future rate of com- j
pensation of this officer. ;
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. I do not see the j
use of striking out the. item for the purpose of I
inserting it again. I listened with great care to j
the argument of my friend- from Indiana, [Mr.
Dumn.] It struck my mind very forcibly, until
I recurred to the wording of the act referred to
by the gentleman from Alabama. My opinion
remains the same as expressed in the first instance.
The section says that
" No person hereafter holding any office under the Gov-
ernment ot the United States, whose siltary or annual com-
pensation shall amount to the sum nf twemv-fivc hundred
dollars, shall receive compensation for discharging the
duties of any other office."
1 submit, sir, that that scarcely relates to a case
like this now under consideration. It relates, I
presume, to the case where the same individual
is appointed by the Executive to hold two sepa-
rate offices which have not been combined by
law, and where he would take the compensation
affixed to the two separate offices. In that case
the argument of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Dunn] would be entirely irrefutable. But
the case now under consideration is that where
the duties of the two offices, together with the
salaries belonging to them, have been blended by
act of Congress. It has no analogy to the case
of one man being permitted by the Executive to
hold two separate offices. Here there is a distinct
declaration that the duties of the Governor, desig-
nated by the name of Governor, and the duties
of the superintendent of Indian affairs, designated
by the name of superintendent of Indian affairs,
shall be blended in tins one man, who, because
he is appointed Governor, shall hold the office
and discharge the duties usually attendant 011 the
office of superintendent of Indian affairs. And then,
to do away with all room for doubt, and to show
that where he performed the double duties lie was
not to be restricted to the compensation of but the
one office, the act fixes the salary of Governor
at $3,000, and says that he shall receive the com-
Fensation of the superintendent of Indian affairs.
believe that the argument is absolutely irrefuta-
ble. Ifthese were two separate offices, not blended
by law, and if the party were appointed under
two separate commissions, or if the incumbent
of the one office were appointed by the Execu-
tive to discharge, even temporarily, the duties of
the other, then the act of 1852 would of course
apply. But that act has no sort of application to
the case now under consideration, whore two
offices are blended in one. I submit that the item
ought not to bo stricken oul, and that the proviso
should not be inserted, as proposed by the gentle-
man from Tennessee.
Mr. HAVEN. The argument of my friend is
that it is a blended office, and but the one office,
for the purpose of discharging the duty, and a
divided office, not blended, but two offices, for the
purpose of receiving the pay. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir; roy argument is pre-
cisely this: The act of Congress does neither
more nor less than define the aggregate duties
imposed upon this individual, by referring to him
the double duties of both offices—that of Gov-
ernor and superintendent of Indian affairs. There
are laws which define the duties which the super-
intendent of Indian affairs shall discharge; there
are also laws which define the duties of the Gov-
ernor. The duties of this one person, on whom
are devolved both offices, are merely defined by
describing the two capacities in which he acts.
The language in which this is expressed is to the
effect that the person who, as Governor, shall
discharge the duties of the superintendent of In-
dian affairs shall receive the compensation of the
one office as well as the pay of the other. I
submit, that he could not receive the compensa-
tion of the superintendent of Indian affairs if he
did not discharge the duties of that office; and,
conversely, that if he is required to discharge the
duties, he is entitled to receive the compensation.
My argument is, that the law of 1852 has no rela-
tion to a case of this kind, which is the blending
of the duties of two offices in one person, but
that it relates to the case of one individual who
is. appointed by the Executive to hold two
separate offices which are not blended by act of
Congress. I submit, that the question is, whether
the law of 1852 relates to a case where the duties
of two offices are blended by act of Congress, or
whether it does not relet" solely to the ease of a
person appointed to hohi separate offices, those
offices being separated bylaw?
Mr. BRENTON. It appears clear to. me that
the law of 1852, which has been referred to, was
designed to cover cases such as described by the
gentleman from Maryland, where the individual
receiving an appointment may afterwards be di-
rected by the appointing power to perform the
duties of another office; and was not designed to
meet this case. Take, for instance, the receiver
of public moneys, holding his office by appoint-
ment from the President, with a regular and fixed
salary. Many instances occur where that re-
ceiver of public moneys is required to disburse
the public funds and pay out money, particularly
to Indians. Ill that case, he is not allowed any
extra compensation for tile performance of these
double duties, but he performs them for the
amount received from his regular salary. Cases
of this kind have come under my own observa-
tion on this very question, and anterior to the
passage of this law.
It will he recollected that, at the time of the
passage of the law of 1852, cases of this kind
came up; and it was for the purpose of remedying
these cases that the law was passed—not for the
purpose of interfering with cases where Congress
had by law conferred two offices upon the same
individual. To my mind, the case is clear enough.
Mr. DUNN, if my friend from Maryland will
give me his attention a moment, I think I can
show him where his argument would lead. By
the act of 1850 organizing this Territory, it was
provided that the Governor, for his duties as Gov-
ernor, should receive $1,500; and it devolved upon
him also the duties of superintendent of Indian
affairs within the Territory, for the discharge of
which duties he was to receive $1,000. Thus, for
discharging the duties of the two situations, he
was to get {52,500 per year. Now, my friend
says, that that is the blending of two offices into
one, but there was a separation, certainly, in the
compensation. I take him at his word, how-
ever—that it was the blending of two offices into
one; and that for discharging the duties of super-
intendent of Indian affairs, by virtue of his office
as Governor, his compensation was in 1854 in-
creased to $3,000. That was $500 more than had
been allowed him before that for the discharge of
both these duties. If the gentleman's argument
should prove anything, it would prove that when
a compensation was given to him for the discharge
of all the duties which, by law, devolved upon
him as Governor, that fact of itself would ex-
clude all pretense for further compensation. That
compensation was fixed at $3,000; and that the
legislative department contemplated that salary
as a complete compensation for all his duties, of
whatever kind, is shown as before said, by the
act of 1852.
Mr- DAVIS. Allow mc to suggest that it was
the same as the ordinary mode of compensating
the marshals of the United States. Their com-
pensation is composed of certain fees and emolu-
ments of office, together with a salary of a defi-
nite sum; and the bill of 1854 provides for the
Governor of New Mexico on exactly the same
principle. It provides that the salary of the Gov-
ernor shall be $3,000, and that he shall likewise
receive the emoluments of the office of superin-
tendent of Indian affairs—exactly analogous to
the case of the marshal receiving the fees of .office,
in addition to his salary.
Mr. DUNN. If the gentleman will allow me
to have the act of 1852 read, he will perceive that
Congress intended to provide forjust such a class
of cases as is here presented. The act of 1852
provides—
"That no person hereafter who holds or shall hold any of-
fice under the g-overnment of the United States, whose sal-
ary 01 whose annual compensation shall amount to .$*2,500,
shall receive compensation for discharging the duues of any
other office."
What is the only reasonable construction to be
placed upon this phraseology? Is it not that,
when the salary of the Governor is raised to $2,500,
for his gubernatorial services, he shall receive
nothing in addition for liis services as superin-
tendent of Indian affairs?
The superintendence of Indian affairs was, and
is well understood to be, a distinct office—in the
language of the aet of 1852 " another office"—
from that of Governor. It was  <? treated by the
act of 1850, (referred to,) but for convenience sak§
the duties of both offices are sometimes, as was
the case then, devolved on the same peispn. • At
first, the gubernatorial salary was but $1,500,and
there was reason for an additional compensation
for the duties of the other office. But now the
gubernatorial salary is $3,000, and the duties ar§
not increased which were before imposed. The
compensation being beyond $2,500 to the Govt
ernor, he is by the express language of the act
cut off from " compensation for discharging the
duties of any other office"—from the office of
superintendent of Indian affairs.
The case put by the gentleman, of the United
States marshals, is not in point. The fees and
salary he speaks of are a compensation for dis-
charging the duties of the office of marshal—of
one office alone—and of course the case is not
within the act of 1852.
Mr. Ii. MARSHALL. I do not think this
ease presents as great difficulties, even after the
elaboration of my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Dunn,] as gentlemen seem to imagine. I think
the gentleman from Indiana, as a lawyer, must
agree with me, that he has introduced a now
rule of construction into this forum, to ascertain
whether a law has been repealed or not. His argu-
mentamounts to this: that the actof 1854, increasr
ing the salary of the Governor of New Mexico to
$3,000, repealed the act of 1850, by virtue of the
reading which he gives to the act of 1854, by the
light of the act of 1852. That is exactly what it
amounts to. The letter of the act of 1854 increases
the salary of the Governor of New Mexico to
S3,000; but the argument of the gentleman from
Indiana is that, tbe'moment the salary of the Gov-
ernor was increased to $3,000, he could no longer
exercise the duties of superintendent of Indian
affairs, because of the act of 1852. That is his
proposition.
Now, sir, the act of 1850 provides that the Gov-
ernor shall receive a salary of $l,0tJ0 a year as
superintendent of Indian affairs. In 1854 his
salary, as Governor, was raised to $3,000. The
only question, then, for us to determine is whether
these two acts, taken together, give him a salary
of $4,000 or not?
To escape the payment of this $1,000 a year,
the gentleman from Indiana puts in the act of
1852, and says, that, although the Governor of
New Mexico, by the act of 1850, was to receive
$1,000 per annum for his services as superintend-
ent of Indian affairs; yet when his salary was in-
creased to §3,000, the act of 1850, in so far as it,
related to his case, was repealed by the act of
1852. I say that the gentleman from Indiana,
with all his practice at the bar, with all his prac-
tice in the law, cannot show, me a single rule of
construction by which the repeal of a law could
be ciphered out by any such arithmetic. He says
that the law of 1850 is repealed by the operation
of the law of 1852 upon that of 1854.
Mr. DUNN. I have not said the act was re-
pealed. On the contrary, my position was, that
the acts, all taken together, wore in perfect har-
mony. The act of 1852 only imposes a limita-
tion as to the amount of compensation to be re-
ceived for the discharge of the duties of more than
one office.
Mr. MARSHALL. I understand the gentle-
man. My point is this: By the act of 1854 the
Governor of New Mexico is to receive a salary
of $3,000 per annum, as Governor. By the actof
1850 he is to receive 5jl,000 per annum as superin-
tendent of Indian affairs. You say that, when his
salary was increased to $3,000 per annum by the
act of 1854, he forfeits the gl,000 he was to receive
under the act of 1850. Why? I want to know
why these acts are not to be taken separately,
putting his salary up to $4,000? I say that is
| the construction to be placed upon it, rather than
I that the law of 1854 should be construed by the
' light of the law of 1852. Suppose that you were
! to take these two acts of 1850 and 1854 into your
' hands, and as a lawyer to construe them, what
i would you say? Why, that the act of 1854 gave
j him $3,000, and that the act of 1850 gave him
' $1,000 in addition, as superintendent of Indian
affairs, making him entitled to receive an aggre-
gate salary of $4,000. Yowsayhe is notontitlftd
