1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
527
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Duties of Representatives—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. of Reps.
nation. I would appeal to its Christianity, to its
justice, in behalf of these sons of the forest, now
few and feeble: let us feed them—render them as
comfortable as we can, and thereby save our fron-
tiers from bloodshed, and our Treasury from such
vast expenditures.
Mr. Speaker, I now turn to that portion of the
amendment which appropriates $1,500,000 for
transporting the Army, traveling expenses of offi-
cers, and the like. This sum amounts to one
half the entire support of our Army twenty years
since; but now it is merely an item to supply a
deficit in last year's appropriation. What cir-
cumstances have occurred to cause such deficiency ?
No explanation has been given on this point.
What facts now render this appropriation neces-
sary ? The Administration who asks this vast
amount of money, and the Senate who insist that
we shall grant it, refuse to enlighten us on this
point. They ask us to act without information;
to grant this money, not for the reason that we
know it to be right, but we are to grant it without
knowing whether it be right or wrong.
Connected with these facts are many others
which lead me to believe this appropriation is
intended to meet the expense now iacurring by
the Executive in moving that portion of the army
in Kansas from place to place, and of bringing
other troops there, if necessary, to subject the
Ceople of that Teritory to the laws enacted by the
order ruffians for the Government of Kansas.
It will be recollected that the President, on the
28th January last, sent to us a special message,
stating that difficulties existed in Kansas; that the
Eeople there refused obedience to the laws enacted
y the Legislature fraudulently elected by foreign-
ers, and asking of us a special appropriation to
enable him to enforce those laws. To this day
no friend of the President has offered such bill.
Even the author of the Nebraska-Kansas act,
who takes so deep an interest in this subject, has
not presumed to ask this body for such an appro-
priation, although solicited by the President. He
lias reported a bill complying with other sugges-
tions of the message, but he seems to have passed
over this important request without any notice
whatever.
Now, connecting these facts with this amend-
ment of the Senate suddenly thrust upon us, with-
out explanation, leaves in my mind no doubt that
the real object and design of this appropriation
is to enable the Executive to subdue the people
•of Kansas. I am not prepared to place funds in
liis hands for such purposes.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] spoke
of stopping the wheels of Government by refusing
supplies. I have no fears that the wheels of Gov-
ernment will stop if we refuse for the next five
years to transport the Army from one place to
another. But 1 stop not at this point. I will go
further. I do not hesitate in saying that I would
never grant one dollar to subject the people of
Kansas to those laws, even if the wheels of Gov-
ernment were to stop, never again to be put in
motion. Why, sir, the sole point on which those
members of this body who voted to repeal the
Missouri prohibition base their vindication, was
that clause in the bill which declares it " to be the
trueintentandmeaning(<JFCongress) not to legis-
late slavery into any Territory or State, nor to
exclude it therefrom, but to leave the people
thereof perfectly free to form and regulate their do-
mestic institutions in their own way." Here, and
throughout the country, the propagandists boasted
of this provision, and held it up to the world as
containing the highest political excellence to which'
mpi can aspire. I speak not of the real merits of
this provision, which abandons the weak and
friendless to the mercy of the strong and powerful.
I only speak of the manner in which men calling
themselves Democrats held it up to the admira-
tion of the people. And in whatever ligKt I may
view its morality, it constituted a most solemn
pledge on the part of every man who sustained
the bill, and upon the Executive who approved it,
that the people of Kansas should be left free to
form and establish their domestic institutibns in their
own way.
With this pledge on the part of Government,
emigrants from all parts of the country settled in
Kansas. The Governor, in due time, issued his
proclamation for an election of members to the
territorial Legislature. The people of that Ter-
ritory prepared to form their domestic institutions
according to the Constitution, the dictates of hu-
manity, and in their own way. In all our past
controversies on the slave question, up to No-
vember last, we had seen no violence among the
people. Individuals in this Hall, and perhaps
other places, under momentary excitement, had
made demonstrations of force and violence; but
the people argued the question; they reasoned
and voted upon it without violence or bloodshed,
or even the display of force.
But I now call attention to a public crime, that
shall stand upon the history of this nation as a
lasting disgrace to the perpetrators, and to all who
sustain them. Armed men from different coun-
ties of Missouri collected together in force upon
the borders of Kansas. They did not secrete their
object or intentions. They openly avowed their
purpose to invade Kansas in order to establish
slavery therein—to overthrow the pledge of Con-
gress and the Executive to leave the people of
Kansas " free to form their domestic institutions
in their own way." So plainly, so frankly, were
their intentions made known, that to this day, I
believe, neither in this Hall, nor in the other end
of the Capitol, nor in the country, has it Jbeen
denied. It stands prominent upon the history of
times in which we live.
With these intentions they entered Kansas,
embodied in military force, on the day previous
to the election, and on the day of that event, and
drove the resident inhabitants from the polls, took
possession of the ballot-boxes, deposited their
own votes therein, and elected men of their own
character, many of whom resided in Missouri.
In other instances they exhibited such hostility
that the people felt it unsafe to appear at the place
of holding elections. Twenty-seven days pre-
viously an official census showed less than three
thousand voters in the Territory, and it is said
that a majority of these did not vote on the day
of the election; yet more than six thousand votes
were polled—more than five thousand were for
the pro-slavery candidates, all but one of whom
were elected. I speak from recollection, not
having the official data before me.
It is true that a few of these elections were set
aside by the Governor, and new elections held;
but the members elected by Missourians, when
subsequently convened as a Legislature, set aside
the claims of those elected at the second trial,
and awarded the seats to those elected by the in-
vaders—thus giving evidence that a majority,
if not the entire body, were under the influence
of these Missouri ruffians. I mention these facts
for the reason that, in the other end of the Capi-
tol, it has been insisted that but about one third
of this counterfeit Legislature was thus elected
by the invaders of Kansas. Suppose such was
the fact: I would not for a moment enforce the ,
laws of a Legislature, where one third or one
fourth of its members had thus been thrust upon i
the people by foreign invaders. That number !
may have given character to every enactment of
the body. But the fact, that the seats of mem-
bers elected by the people under the order of the
Governor were awarded to those elected by the
ruffians, shows conclusively that the invaders
wielded theentire powerof the Legislature. Thus
was Kansas invaded by armed men; her people
conquered; and the Government usurped by men
from a bordering State.
I am aware of the importance of the facts
stated. They are to be regarded as of more and
more consequence, as the contest now commenced
shall rise in view, and bear upon the future destiny
of this mighty nation. The facts are confirmed by
the men who witnessed the occurrences; by men
who at the time reported them through the public
press, and whose reports remain uncontradicted.
They have been incorporated into, and must
stand or fall with the history of the age in which
we live.
I will here remark, that this embodied force,
with arms in their hands, moving upon Kansas
for the very purpose of violating the law just
quoted, and tne actual invasion of that Territory
and usurpation of the government, was attended
by every circumstance necessary in law to con-
stitute treason! It was "a levying war against
the United States;" and every man concerned in
the movement consummated that crime, and is
now guilty; and long ere this they should have
been suspended from the gallows, if not made
the subjects of executive pardon. No sophistry,
no pretense that they went there to prevent others
from giving illegal votes, can evade or modify
this important, this prominent fact. Gentlemen
on this floor, and the Executive of the United
States, may uphold and encourage this treason.
This House may encourage it by voting the
appropriation before us; but I will repudiate it
by my vote and by my voice.
The people of Kansas were thus overpowered
and conquered by an armed force, composed of
slavery propagandists from Missouri—men who
deserved death rather than executive encourage-
ment.
The men thus elected, convened in due time,
and enacted a code of laws to govern the people.
I have no language in which to characterize those
laws. The first important object appears to have
been the formation and establishment of slavery,
constraining those lovers of liberty who had gone
to Kansas from NewEngland, New York, Penn-
sylvania, and Ohio, to uphold an institution
which they abhor and detest.
These enactments were .commented on some
weeks since by my eloquent colleague, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] who perhaps gave his hearers as just a con-
ception of their enormity as any man can. I
therefore speak of them in general terms.
The first object of this Legislature appears to
have been, to strike down the freedom of speech.
In one of their enactments they say: "if any per-
son, by speaking or by writing, assert or maintain
that freemen have not the right to hold slaves in
this Territory, such person shall be deemed guilty
of felony, and shall be punished at hard labor for
I a term of not less than two years."
1 The President calls this one of the laws of the
United States; and by his order, the army is tor
day attending quasi officer? appointed by a coun-
terfeit Legislature, endeavoring to enforce observ-
ance of this enactment, and nationalize this odious
institution. And we are called on to furnish funds
to enable him to do it. I, for one, feel no disposi-
tion to gratify the Administration on this point.
The Constitution of the United States declares
that " Congress shall make no law abridging the
freedom ofspeech;"and of course this power, not
being possessed by us, cannot be delegated to any
other body of men. I will sustain tne Constitu-
tion instead of appropriating funds to enable the
President to trample upon it. I hope and trust
the people of Kansas will speak what they think,
althougn their words should prove poniards pierc-
ing the heart of every slaveholder in Kansas or
elsewhere.
What! sir, has it come to this, that under au-
thority of Congress the lips of freemen are to be
sealed, and their tongues palsied on the subject of
oppression ? It were better to seek liberty under
the autocrat of Russia, than submit to the despot-
ism now ruling the people of Kansas.
The next object of this same Legislature was to
strike down the liberty of the press. They en-
acted that—
"If any pereon shall print, write, introduce into, or cir-
culate, within this Territory, any book, paper, pamphlet, or
magazine, containing any arguments, opinions, sentiments,
or doctrines, calculated to promote disorderly, dangerous, or
rebellious disaffection among the slaves in this Territory, or
to induce such slaves to escape from the service of their
masters, or to resist their authority; he shall be deemed
guilty of felony, and shall be punished by imprisonment at
hard labor, for a term not less than five years."
Sir, it is most true that colored people in
this country cannot be held in servitude, unless
the whites be first enslaved. You must repudiate
that portion of our Federal Constitution which
prohibits all attempts to limit the freedom of the
press; you must hold the minds of the whites in
the most abject bondage, support ignorance by
legislation, make it penal to circulate intelligence,
qr, while we are silent, even the books and papers
of our country will inform men of their inalien-
able rights. This is now attempted in Kansas
The people there refuse to bow submissively to
this violation of our Constitution. The President
insists they shall; he orders the army there, to
shoot them down if they persist in speaking an4
writing and printing truth, and urges us to ap-
propriate money to aid him in that base design
