528
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 8,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Duties of Representatives—Mr. Giddings.
Ho. op Reps.
I repeat, sir, I shall vote for no such appropria-
tion. I could not justify myself in so doing by
asserting ignorance in regard to the objects of the
appropriation. It is my duty to know them.
The people of Kansas, seeing their territory
invaded; their electors driven from the polls; de-
prived of the right of suffrage; their invaders
establishing a despotism more odious and revolt-
ing' than any known among civilized nations;
their people murdered in cold blood; their Gov-
ernor, appointed by the President and approved
by the Senate, removed for sympathizing with
them, proceeded to call a convention to form a
constitution and State government. Of all their
proceedings due notice was given; public action
■was had; an election for members held; and al-
though the Territory was again invaded to prevent
the consummation of their purpose, they steadily
and boldly, but peaceably, proceeded to complete
the work of framing a constitution, which is re-
publican in its character. It was regularly sub-
mitted to the people, and almost unanimously
approved by them.
A State government has been formed under it,
and a memorial asking admission to the Union is
before this body; and this question will doubtless
be presented for oup consideration at some day
not far in the future.
Mr. Speaker, if we should admit Kansas as a
State at an early day, there will be no necessity
for this vast appropriation to murder her people.
As a question of economy, therefore, I would re-
fuse this appropriation and admit Kansas. There
are at this time two governments in Kansas—one
constituted by the Missouri invaders, and the
other by the people of that Territory. The peo-
ple are endeavoring to form and establish " their
own domestic institutions in their own way."
The border ruffians and the Executive say they
shall not enjoy this privilege. They insist that
the institutions of Kansas shall be such as their
invaders have dictated. They have selected a
body of men, called them a Legislature, and those
composing it have enacted a slave code to govern
the people, and appointed sheriffs, justices of the
peace, and other officers, as if it had been a legiti-
mate body. The secretary of State, the judges,
and marshals, were appointed by the President.
The President has united his power and influence
with that of the invaders. His governor, judges,
marshals, and secretary of State, have united with
the sheriffs, justices, and other officers appointed
by the counterfeit Legislature, to prevent the
people from forming and establishing "their do-
mestic institutions in their own way." We now
see the President ordering the army to Kansas
for the purpose of depriving the people of the
right and privilege guarantied to them in the j
Kansas-Nebraska act. Instead1 of seeing that
act executed, he is arraying himself and the in- i
fluence of his office to defeat its provisions in j
respect to freedom, and to set at naught the very '
principle on which he and his party based their '
only hope of vindication for passing the law. j
In this condition of things, the inhabitants of I
Kansas, relying upon themselves and upon the
justice of their cause, appeal to us, as their legal
guardians and protectors, to put an end to their
difficulties by admitting them as a State. The
President, however, calls on us to make appro-
priations of money to enable him to defeat their
object, and to subdue them to obedience—to laws
obnoxious to their feelings, and revolting to the
spirit of civilization. These people ask our pro-
tection. If I vote for the amendment of the Senate
n°w under consideration, I shall vote to give him
the money to enforce laws repugnant to my views
of right, justice, sound policy, and the Consti-
tution. I will not do it. I
_ In my opinion the President has mistaken the '
circumstances which surround him, the age in
which he lives, the temper and independence of a
free people. Why, sir, can any one at this me- i
rtdian of the nineteenth century suppose that man !
bred and educated in the love of liberty and of:
independent thought, with the examples of our
patriot fathers before them, can be subdued by
the sword and other appliances of brute force ?
They surely are the appropriate instruments for
eradicating freedom from Kansas, and for plant-
ing slavery in its stead ? Has the President yet
to learn that an honest people will at all times
obey just and righteous laws? that they will
resist such flagrant despotism as that now at-
j tempted to be enforced in Kansas ? that the
J sword never was, and never will be, invoked on
the part of justice against any civilized people
upon earth ? that armies, and violence, and blood-
shed are the instruments of tyrants necessary to
enforce unjust enactments? that no free, intelli-
gent, and virtuous people ever did, nor ever will,
submit to such usurpation as that which he now
seeks to wield in our western territory?
At this moment the army of the United States
is in the vicinity of Lawrence, attending and sup-
porting the officers appointed by the pretended
Legislature in their work of arresting the citizens
of Kansas for violating the laws enacted by their
invaders, preparatory to their trial before the
j judges appointed by the President. The Presi-
j dent had believed, and his friends supposed, that
i the troops would lend security to these quasi
i officers in the execution of such laws. But the
I ways of Providence to them proved mysterious.
While Jones, the infamous minion of more infa-
mous masters, sat in supposed security, sur-
' rounded by the United States army, an unseen
hand executed justice upon him. It may have
been the friend or the brother of the murdered
Brown, or of the assassinated Barbor, or of the
lamented Dow. I admit the act was wrong. The
fate of Jones may have been deserved, so far as
he was concerned, yet the execution of justice in
that way is subversive of law. The invaders,
however, had set the example. They had mur-
dered the citizens of Kansas. They had invoked
violence, and must have expected it in return:
indeed, Jones, at the very moment he received
the ball that felled him to the earth, was relying
upon an armed soldiery to protect him, while
doing the work of despotism.
And, sir, when the friends of the Administra-
tion find this bitter chalice pressed to their own
lips, when they sec a friend smitten in this foul
work, they cry out "assassination!" "cru-
elty!" and "murder!" They seem to have
forgotten that the blood of Barbor, of Dow, and
of Brown, now stains their own hands. That
the moment they cease their wail for Jones they
hear the moanings of the widows and orphans of
those victims of outrage and violence, rendered
such by the influence of Jones and themselves.
I feel deeply on this subject. Two of those
victims were from my own State. Their bodies
sleep quietly in Kansas; but their friends in Ohio
have not forgotten them, nor the Administration
which is now encouraging the violence by which
they were sacrificed.
I am a peace man—am opposed to war, violence,
and bloodshed. I woula not even justify the
killing of Jones; but I will say, it was not as
wicked an act as the killing of Barbor, or of Dow,
or of Brown, and is just what should have been
expected in the attempt to subjugate the people
of Kansas. «TAe President, nor Jones, nor any
other man, should have expected the people of
that Territory to stand with their arms folded,
and see their fellow-citizens murdered around
them, without exciting in them the spirit of retal-
iation. This is a natural result, in the present
economy of man. It should teach the President
and his supporters that, in the civil war into which
they are now precipitating the nation, blows must
be received, as well as given; that those who
attempt to expel freedom from Kansas by the
sword, must themselves perish by the sword.
If they are willing to die for slavery, do they
expect the sons of a noble ancestry are so soon
debased that they would not willingly die for
freedom ?
The time has come when this matter should be
considered with plainness and sincerity. The
people of Kansas are surrounded with difficulties
and dangers. Thus far, they have conducted
themselves with a prudence and firmness worthy
of all confidence. Let them continue in the course
they have commenced, and the sympathies of the
nation, and of the free of all the world, will be
with them. I would advise them to forbear to
the utmost point of forbearance; but I would
never advise them to surrender their inalienable i
liberties to the traitors who arc attempting to '
establish a despotism over them, although sup- j
ported by the President, who is now seeking to i
overthrow the very law he has approved, in order
to establish slavery in Kansas.
If a word of advice or of sympathy from one
so humble as myself should reach them, I would
say, act not hastily, but "act well your part." The
men now in power must shrink away, and the
places that now know them shall soon know them
no more forever. ^ A different state of things will
exist after the killing frosts of our November
elections shall congeal the heart's blood of the
party now in power, and leave it to decay; from
its inanimate mass will arise a noxious malaria,
emitting a pale light, to warn future statesmen
to shun the foul paths of slavery. Heed not the
language said to have been addressed to the ad-
vocates of liberty in the other end of the Capitol,
saying, " We will subdue you." I see it repeated
in a Democratic press at the West, and this morn -
ing it is inserted in the Union of this city, and
may therefore be regarded as at least approved
by the Executive. It is the language of despotism
used by men who, if possessed of power, would
vie with Nero or Nicholas in tyranny. They say:
"We have the Army, and the Navy, and the funds
of the nation, and we will subdue you." Wc will
use the swftrd and the bayonet, and with the aid
of the border ruffians, we will drive freedom from
Kansas and plant gaunt slavery upon the soil so
long consecrated to liberty.
Let the inhabitants of Kansas heed no such
attempts to intimidate them. Truth and justice
constitute a moral power far greater than armies,
and more irresistible than the influence of the
j Executive, even when united with that of the
border ruffians.
! The time has come when the American people
should speak the language of fearless independ-
! ence toward their public men. Public officers
should understand that, in this American Govern -
ment, the people are the source, the fountain of
power. They bestow and they withhold it at
| their pleasure. And wh<jn this, or any other
i Administration attempts to convert it into an en-
| gine of oppression, they will be held to a rigid
accountability.
Gentlemen speak with apparent horror about
" stopping the wheels of Government " if we do
not grant this appropriation. Why, sir, it were
a thousand times better to stop the wheels of Gov-
ernment than by rolling them onward to crush
out the rights and liberties of the people.
I would stay the hand of this Administration
from plunging the nation into civil war, by any
means which God and the Constitution have
placed at our disposal. Palsied be the hand, and
accursed be the memory of him who would strike
down the humblest individual of Kansas in order
to plant oppression upon its soil! and I will risk
the prophecy that our Army will close its his-
tory when they shoot down the first citizen of
that Territory. A standing army has proven
the curse of every free Government that has
gone before us. It always has been, and ever
will be, the instrument of oppression, used by
tyrants and despots to extirpate the liberties of
the people. The soldier himself is deprived of
his liberty by being subjected to the control and
j discipline of a despotism. The inferior officer is
constrained to obey his superior, who, in turn,
: is under control of him who is next above him
in grade; and all are subject to the President.
Thus all the elements of a standing army are
opposed to the free thought and action of those
• who compose it. It is modeled, drilled, and ruled
by despotic power, and has ever been the favorite
weapon of despots wherewith to assassinate the
freedom of the people. Every indication now
leads me to fear that our Army is to be used for
the same purposes for which that of Austria has
been so often and so long employed—the domin-
ation of tyranny. I will vote for no appropria-
tion to promote such objects.
Sir, this refusing appropriations constitutes
the only peaceful and effective check which the
people hold upon the Administration. Tell me
that 1 am bound to vote appropriations because
the Administration asks it, without showing ua
why, and for what purpose it is necessary ! I ask
what portion of the Army is to be moved by this
appropriation ? Whence and to what parts of pur
country are the troops to be taken ? But the ques-
tion is asked in vain. The Executive says ho
