£138
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
may be built for $10,000 perfectly adequate to all
the dignity of your Federal courts. It is not the
house which illuminates thejudge; it is not that
whi<?h gives him dignity. The humblest house
in which Chief Justice Marshall sat would have
been hallowed by his presence. Let it be hal-
lowed by the works that are done there, and do
not seek to cover up or add an adventitious or
fictitious sort of reputation and value to what is
done there, or to the men who sit there. They
derive their dignity from a higher, better, and
more exalted source. I would take no exception
to their sitting in a fine house, if the fine house
•was there. I take exception to the extravagance
which I think is now proposed by this amend-
ment. With these remarks, I hope I may not
feel it necessary to invert to the subject again.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have a few words
to say in reply to the Senator from Kentucky,
though I am not struggling for the last word. But
for one or two remarks made by him, I should
not have attempted to reply at all. If he under-
stood me as intending to sa^f, or intimate, that I
begrudged these appropriations to Kentucky, he
has wholly misconccived me; on the contrary,
I hare voted for every one of them since I have
been here. If there be any complaint at all, it is
that my friend is not as liberal and just to my
State as I have been to his. I have voted for all
these appropriations during the last four years,
including his palace of a custom-house and his
military asylum. I am not complaining of those
appropriations; I think they were right and
proper; I voted for them as far as I voted at all,
because I believed them to be so; but the point
which I make is, that if they were right and
proper for Kentucky, they arc equally right and
proper for Tennessee. My remarks before, allow-
ing the amount of benefit that Kentucky had re-
ceived from the Federal Treasury, grew out of
the assumption of my distinguished friend—that
slie had not received anything. In enumerating
the benefits that Kentucky had received, I omit-
ted, I believe, one of greater magnitude than any.
I recollect, now some honorable Senator has
called my attention to it, that ever-to-be-remem-
bcred Indian school of Kentucky. You not only
had your palaces there, but you went in for edu-
cating the Indians. All that you have had in
Kentucky, and still you turn round now and say
to me that Tennessee ought not to have anything.
You will not even give us a poor Indian school,
which you enjoyed m Kentucky, and finally got
tired of it, and, J. believe, broke it up.
Just in the same category my friend puts the
military asylum. He says they ate tired <>fit;and
thinks we are tiding Kentucky, and she is not
responsible for it. I can tell my distinguished
friend that I happen to know all about thnt, mat-
ter; and you, Mr. President, know it well, because
you wanted the asylum in your State. When he
says General Scott selected that place, I tell him
he is mistaken. General Scott did not select
Harrodsburg, but a spot in Oluo which he thought
preferable. It was the legislation of the Congress
of the United States that located it in Kentucky.
That is the way it got there—against General
Scott, by the legislation of the Congress of the
United States. The question was fought here for
days and weeks.
But the Senator says we are using Kentucky I
If you will turn to the files, and examine the
papers in the ease of the military asylum, you
will find letters from every distinguished man
in Kentucky asking for this location; and you
will find a memorial from every member of the
Legislature of Kentucky praymg Congress for
its location in Kentucky. And yet we are using
Kentucky ! We are using Kentucky by her
importunities. It was through her importuni-
ties that the location was made there, and against
your remonstrances, Mr. President, and against
the remonstrances of General Scott. Wo had
to override General Scotland his board of com-
missioners, and directed them to locate it in Ken-
tucky. When we had done that, they cheated us
a little; for it was intended, 1 think, and clearly
specifiedj that it should be located at Blue Lick;
but it was put at Harrodsburg. After they car-
ried it there, and broke up a fashionable water-
ing place, the people of that city, having lost the
patronage from that source, raised their voices
against it, and have asked us at this* session to
Bell it out. After having induced us, by their
importunities, legislative and otherwise, to locate
it there, they got tired of it, as they did of the
Indian school, and say, "Take the thing, and
sell it out." I say to them, I will not sell it,
unless you give us back the money we paid; if
you are tired of it, give us back our $100,000,
and then we will consider it; but we will ^ never
consider it in the Military Committee until you
do that. There the matter has rested. It has
lately been burnt down, I think the Senator from
Kentucky said, as if Providence was frowning
upon it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, it was burnt
down, and I regret that; because it was a resting
place, an asylum purchased by abeneficent, a wise,
and a benevolent Government, for taking care of
the old, decrepid, and worn out men of the Army,
who have sunk beneath its toils and trials and
difficulties. If there is any one thing that ought
to com mend itself to the heart more than all others,
it strikes me that comes home to every one with
double force and with lasting impression. Ken-
tucky has had that asylum, and now she has got
tired of it. That is no fault of ours. The Gov-
ernment paid $100,000 for it, and located it there
according to the request of her people.
But in relation to tho hospitals, the Senator
says Kentucky has seven hundred miles of coast
on the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, and in that
connection he said something about having water
cpough to get to a place. Have they water enough
to get to the custom-house in Louisville ? Can a
respectable boat get there ? No. Yet it is all
right to have a custom-house there. At Mem-
phis we have more water than they have; but you
have never given usacustom-house, court-house,
post office, or hospital there.
Mr. GEYER. You had a navy-yard.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You tendered that
navy-yard to the local authorities. How much
has Tennessee? Take her border on the Missis-
sippi river; take the Cumberland river and theTen-
nessee river, just as navigable as the Ohio, and
we have more than seven hundred miles. Then
on the ground of extent of navigation we are en-
titled to equal consideration with Kentucky.
Tho poor men who go into the hospitals, the
Senator says, are from Tennessee, Missouri, and
elsewhere. I admit it; but if it is necessary to
have a marine hospital at Paducah, is not one
more necessary at Memphis, where we have an
average of five hundred American sailors in our
hospital every quarter? I am stating a fact; I
know the number averages five hundred a quarter;
jind we have to put them in an hospital built by
the State of Tennessee. You have erected a
marine hospital at Paducah. It is all right; I do
not complain of it; but I way, if it is right there,
it is right at other places.
1 do not know th.it it is necessary for me to
pursue this subject any further. It strikes me
that the amendment before us is a very fair prop-
osition. Gentlemen do not argue against the
justice of it as applicable to any particular case.
"They do not take Nashville, for instance, in con-
trast with Louisville. The difFeience between
us is, that they have their appropriations, and we
have not got ours. Now, I should like to know
of my honorable friend, if the proposition were
here for the first tune to build a custom-house at
Louisville, would he vote for it with a court-house
and post office connected with it ? His predecess-
ors did vote for it m both branches of Congress,
I believe, unanimously; and on every occasion
when an appropriation has been asked for it, they
have stood up voting for it. They have come
here to me, in my place in the Senate, and urged
; me to stand by and sustain their appropriation,
l| as a great national benefit, in which the whole
j country was concerned. I only ask to be put on
i the same footing with them.
! Mr CRITTENDEN. I object to the appro-
| priations now proposed, as a whole—to all of
| them. The gentleman treats the matter as if I
t were opposing a part of them only, and that part
j which related to Tennessee. I object to the whole
of thom in their scope, in the total, and in the
particular, as extravagant, and such as ought not
to be countenanced. How does the gentleman
answer me ? He says there is a custom-house at
Louisville, as much above the publicdemand as,
and costing more than, some of the houses named
in this proposition. Suppose he establishes this
fact; he then shows not only that these extrav-
agances are proposed, but that we have committed
extravagances equal in amount in other places,
and that Louisville is one of those places. Does
that justify this appropriation? The gentleman
has given us reason to know that there is very
little commerce requiring a custom-house—that a
boat cannot now get to Louisville at all; and yet
he has shown, exultingly, that, at a cost of hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars, a custom-house
has been built there, and he says that is extrav-
agant. Having established that fact, he uses it
to justify and excuse the extravagance now pro-
posed. That is no argument against mine, nor
does it conflict with mine. I will as readily ac-
knowledge any extravagance committed in Ken-
tucky, as in Tennessee, or anywhere else. What
is necessary, what is suitable, what is proper, I
intend to vote for. I think these buildings are
far beyond any exigencies or requirements of the
Government; and I am, therefore, opposed to
their construction. There may*have been greater
enormities; but that is no reason why I should
permit this. If every extravagance that can be
committed is to bean argument in favor of other
and further extravagances of the same kind, this
Government is destined to a prodigal, unceasing
increase of expenditure, until, notwithstanding
all its wealth, your Treasury will be ruined.
That will be the consequence. It is by the light
of former extravagances, by the experience of
former excesses, that we ought to be brought to
amendment and improvement. The argument of
the gentleman, fairly considered, contributes to
maintain my proposition, and to show that there
has been extravagance. Whether the custom-
house at Louisville has been constructed at an
extravagant cost or not, I know as little as any
other gentleman. I only express my opinion
that these appropriations are extravagant, and,
therefore, I oppose them.
It is unnecessary for the Senator to go into the
history of the establishment of the military asy-
lum. That the State of Kentucky wanted it—that
the State would possibly feel an interest in hav-
ing a house established there for the reception of
Eoor meritorious soldiers, is a thing not to be
elieved. What possible interest—what expendi-
ture did it involve ? Food and clothing for twenty
or thirty old soldiers. That is the enormous
tribute Kentucky has received. I go into no com-
parison between Kentucky and any other State.
I consider this my whole country—all of it. I
oppose extravagance wherever it appears, if I
know it, as readily in my own State as in any
other, I am opposed to the extravagance—not to
the place whereitis exercised. There is a greater
expenditure proposed in this amendment than
has been heretofore made in any one year for the
object of such appropriations, exceptin the largest
cities where we long ago provided custom-houses
at an expense of millions. Perhaps I am not a
proper judge of the cost of such a building; all
this expenditure may have been necessary for a
custom-house; but of the cost of a court-house I
am some little judge. I see the various pretexts
and the reasons that aie heaped together to mul-
tiply the apparent causcs for the expenditure, so
as to defeat any specific view of the necessity or
object. If you want a court-house say so, and
let us build it. If you want a custom-house, say
so, and let it be built; let it be suitable in extent
to the public necessities, and no more. We want
useful houses, not fine and costly edificcs, such as
these are proposed to be. That is the ground of
my objection.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not mean to
enter into this discussion between my colleague
and the distinguished Senator from Kentucky; I
leave it where my colleague has placed it; but I
think there is a mistake in the view which has
been presented by those who oppose this system
on principle. I have had an examination made
with some diligence, but I have not been able to
lay my hands on a report made some years ago,
which I think exists, where this whole matter is
placed on a very high principle. Extravagant
appropriations have been made for these purposes
in the large cities, as we all know. Two or three
millions have been appropriated in New York;
and now we are spending two or three millions
in New Orleans, and two or three millions in
Boston.
Mr. SEWARD. And $600,000 in Charleston,
