Mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
appropriating this enormous sum in that ease..
Why $25,000 would not meet ail the Govern--"
ment's wants, instead of $95,000,I cannot see.
I must have some rule to govern me, that is just
and proper, or I cannot vote for this system.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. These propositions have been
before the Committee on the Judiciary; and while
it is true that, in some few places, for special
reasons, court-houses are necessary,* and have
been recommended, as a general system, on full
consideration of the whole subject, the scheme
has been unanimously rejected oy that commit-
tee. It is stuck'in here, for no other reason than
that given by the Senator from Kentucky, to
carry through half a dozen places together. The
main question does notseem to bo considered by
the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] He
seemed to look on it as a controversy between
him and the Senator from Kentucky, or a con-
troversy whether or not Tennessee or Kentucky
had received the most public money. While I
admit that Knoxville, as the Senator from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Bell] says, is a most beautiful place
—it leaves nothing for fancy's gaze—all, all is
loveliness—there is not the slightest reason for
spending the public money there. The public
service does not need it. The fact of its bein£ a
beautiful place does not make this appropriation
necessary. It will not benefit the honest, hard-
working man in the beautiful valley of the Ten-
nessee, more than in Georgia. Jt is notnecessary
to anybody. You do not want a custom-house
there. We are told a large amount of revenue
is collected there; but it is on railroad iron, the
importation of which is a temporary math r there.
The Government, for their own convenience,
allowed the people to enter the'irou at Knoxvillo,
and pay duties there; but as to any foreign trade
there paying duties, there is none, or as good as
none. The collection of $100,000 duties arises
from the iron necessary to put down a railroad
now being built; but when that is finished the
importation will cease.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Are there no bad i
feelings and heart-burnings arising from the in-
equality of these appropriations, other places get-
ting them to the exclusion of one section ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; I have argued on
that point. Confine the expenditure of public
money to the real objects of the Government, and
you get rid of all those heart-burnings. This is
a great point on which there is profligacy m
public expenditure—erecting building where the
public wants do not require them. Confine them
to the real wants of the Government, and you get
rid of this system. We know that, on the Ohio
and Mississippi rivers, a little office of thirteen
feet square, is sufficient for all the purposes of a
custom-house.
We know another thing. I say there are hardly
ten cities in the United States m which the Gov-
ernment would have to pay one cent even for j
rooms for a post office, if the matter was properly |
managed. You will find competent men to take j
the post office, and find a budding for it, if you j
will give them the rent of the boxes. There is I
not one postoffice in a hundred where you do pay !
rent. It is only in very large cities where you !
must have it in some central place to prevent ex- j
tortion. I believe there is but one in my State, j
Generally tiie merchants in country villages want i
the post office at their stores for the little incident- i
al benefits it confers. A. man attends to jt nine j
times out of ten for the benefit of his customers. ;
Then we have another thing tacked on it her':— j
accommodations for the steamboat inspector at j
Nashville. How big an office1 does he need > A ;
sentry-box placed on the river would be big :
enough for all his business, his books, and clerks.
These are all pretexts to spend large sums of
money, for the purpose of getting incidental and •
local advantages. J think I benefit the people of :
Nashville, (I know I am as friendly to them as 1
the Senator from Tennessee,) and do as well for !
them as for my own State, by preventing an un- J
necessary expenditure of the public money in :
their midst, rather than anywhere else. It does '
them no good; ir does them harm. |
Mr. JONES, of rJ Cennes^ee. One word in reply 1
to my friend from Georgia. I am not willing that
lie shali assume to be a better friend of Nashville
than I am. I have no doubt he is a good friend
to it; but if he will be as friendly to Nashville as
the Government has been to Savannah, that is all
I ask. He assumes that I have argued, because
Kentucky has got so much, Tennessee ought to
have it. That is not the position I occupy. I do
not say, and never said, that Kentucky was not
entitled to receive all she has got. I believe she
is entitled to it; but I say the same arguments
which induced the past legislation of the country
in making these appropriations for Kentucky,
apply to Tennessee; and the same arguments
which led Congress to make these appropriations
for Georgia, ought to lead them to make them for
Tennessee. That is what I said, and no more.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President 
Mr. HUNTER. Mayl not appeal to the Sen-
ator in charge of the amendment to let us vote
upon it ?
Mr. SEWARD. After a very brief explana-
tion a vote may be taken. I was going to sky
that the proper way to pass the amendment was
to vote for it, and not speak on it, but it is per-
haps proper and due to myself that I should say
a word or two. The argument against this
amendment proceeds upon two grounds, each of
which 1 deem very erroneous. The very able,
ingenious, amusing, and instructive argument of
the learned and honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, seems to proceed on the ground that this
is a new policy, and that it is m our power to
arrest it and recede. Why, sir, this is the Settled j
policy of tins Government. It cannotbe changed
to day. Although you might arrest it to-day,
three months hence it would go on again. Only
a year ago the Congress of the United States
made uppiopiiations for completing buildings of
this character at Mobile, Alabama; Cincinnati,
Ohio; Louisville, Kentucky; Bangor, Maine;
Bath, Maine; Wilmington, Delaware; Provi-
dence, Rhode Island; Savannah, Georgia; New
Orleans, Louisiana; Charleston, South Carolina;
Richmond, Virginia; Waldoboro, Maine; Pitts-
burg, Pennsylvania;Pontotoc, Mississippi; Mari-
etta, Ohio; San Francisco, California, it is idle
to suppose for a moment that, when you have
begun this system and extended its benefits and
conveniences and advantages over so large a
number of the States, and when it has already
been incorporated into the administration of the
Government, in nearly all the States, you can
now recede from it. The honorable Senator from
Kentucky has sat silent in his seat to-day, and
but for this amendment would have voted for the
original bill as it came from the House of Rep-
leseniatives; and yet it contains twenty-one dis-
tinct appropriations for objects of the same kind
.scattered throughout the different States of the
Union; and so of every other opponent of the
amendment.
Mr. CitlTTENfDEN. The gentleman assumes
that I would have voted for this bill. 1 have not
said so; I have not read the hill; and yet the
gentleman assumes to say that 1 would vote for it.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 assumed it because it is a
bill which, according to the custom of the Senate,
is not read at all, and passes without objection.
The honorable Senator says I misunderstood his
purpose. Then! of course retract the observation.
But I myself should have voted for the bill as it
was, if it had not been my business to examine
it, as a member of the Committee on Commerce.
I found in it appropriations to the number of
twenty-one, and to the amount of one and a half
million of dolLus, for objects similar to those
which I have proposed by my amendment.
Mr, BENJAMIN. I will ask my colleague
of the Committee on Commerce if the bill, as it
comes from the House of Representatives, con-
tains this number of propositions for originating
buildings ?
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. These are mere continua-
tions of former appropriations, to complete build-
ings already authorized.
Mr. SEWARD. Most of them are to complete
buildings aheady commenced; but for Baltimore
and Philadelphia the appropriations proposed in
the bill are to purchase sites. However, what
are new custom-houses now will be old custom-
houses to-morrow. I intended to pursue this
line of argument no further than to show that
this policy was not a new one, not an innovation,
but a settled one, from which the Government is
not likely to depart—from which neither the
House of Representatives, nor the Senate, nor
the executive department, has manifested any
inclination to depart.
But, Mr. President, this policy is stigmatized
as being extravagant. It is said by some that
these appropriations are unnecessary—that these
edifices are unnecessary; by others, that they are
altogether extravagant where they might be neces-
sary or useful. The object of these appropria-
tions is to construct buildings that shall be fire-
proof, and such as the Government ought to have
for the safety of its records and papers and treas-
ury. Extravagance is a comparative thing. Yes-
terday we all agreed that it was very proper to
be liberal, grand, munificent, magnificent in the
ercction of the Capitol of the United States; and
yet I might have risen and objected to the appro-
priation then under discussion, on the ground that
I could hire accommodations for the Senate and
House of Representatives, and their committees,
Sor less than half the interest of the money which
the Capitol would cost. This is simply a question
between town and country. Here, in the Federal
capital, we make the drains and sewers for the
people; we plant the trees; we light the city. In
the large cities of the sea-board, as New York,
Baltimore, New Orleans, we appropriate millions
for public edifices. When we get into the smaller
cities, the capitals and principal cities of inte-
rior States, we begin to practice economy as if
there were no extravagance in the accommoda-
tions which we give to the public m the great cities.
The first appropriation asked in this amend-
ment is for Portsmouth, the only seaport in the
State of New Hampshire, a city in which there is
a fort and a navy-yard. The second is for Nash-
ville, the principal town in the State of Tennessee.
The third is for Ogdensburg, the point of connec-
tion between steamboats on all the lakes and the
steam-engine on railroads with Boston and all
the East. The next is Georgetown, the head of
navigation on the Potomac, and the port at the
national capital. Nobody has objected to any
expenditure for building a court-house in the city
of^Vashington on a liberal scale; but the moment
you get across Rock creek, and so far into the
suburbs, this principle of economy applies. So
it is with the rest of these towns. Springfield is
the capital of the State of Illinois—Galena the
place of a large exportation of lead—Dubuque
the point of crossing the Father of Waters for
the great line of railroad from the Atlantic to the
Pacific ocean.
With regard to the State of Vermont, what is
asked for her is less than a quarter of what is
appropriated in the same bill for a court-house
in the city of Charleston. There are cities here
which have a population equal to Charleston and
others, for which there are a quarter of a million
or half a million appropriations, and it is deemed
extravagant to favor them with a tithe of these
large sums. It would seem as if it were thought
right to erect custom-houses, court-houses, and
post offices on the Atlantic sea-shore, and as if
it were a duty to suppress all public expenditures
in the States lying in the valley of the Missis-
sippi, or on the slope of the Alleghany Mount-
ains.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. HUNTER. Now I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Louisiana move to strike out?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will withdraw my mo-
tion, and let the vote be taken on the entire
amendment of the Committee on Commerce at
once. If that be voted down, there will be no
necessity for my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS. I have an amendment to offer
to the amendment:
Pronged, That no money shall be expended under this
act for the ercction of a custom-house where the duties
collected do not equal the expenses of collection.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. FISH. I have paired off with the Senator
from Alabama, [Mr. Fitzpatrick,] who is indis-
posed, upon the vote on this question. 1 should
vote in the affirmative, if I were at liberty to do
so.
