THE CONGRESSIONAL GHLOBE.
February 29,
to have no concealment from the Government of
the United States."
It is very certain that the Secretary of State
and the President maybe right in supposing this
was not as explicit acknowledgment; hut still it
is one of those cases in which parties, jealous of
their honor, may misunderstand the effect in-
tended to be given by each other to the language
which they respectively use. It is, however,
equally certain, on the other side, that Lord Clar-
endon thought he had made such an apology as
Should be made, and probably all the apofogy
which could be made by a Power jealous of its
dignity rind of its honor; because in a diplomatic
letter no claims that this was an apology; that it
was made as such to Mr. Buchanan; ana that Mr.
Buchanan was satisfied with it. He insists upon
it that he has made an apology; the American
Government insists that he has not. The point
of difference between the two Governments is
confined simply to the effect of the language
which was used by Great Britain.
I observe that, under date of the 5th of Sep-
tember, 1855, Mr. Marcy writes to Mr. Crampton,
that " the inte?'«afion«faspectofthe case has been
overlooked by Lord Clarendon." That is,-that
tile expression of regret which Lord Clarendon
* had made was one which had in view only the
municipal aspect of the case-—the violation of the
municipal laws of the United States. Mr. Marcy
informs Mr. Crampton, that "the international
aspect of the case has been overlooked:" and he
insists that the proceedings of the British func-
tionaries "were a violation of international law,
and an affront to the sovereignty of the United
States,and infringement of their local law." In
reply to this, Lord Clarendon answers, thai he
regrets that " his former explanations had not
proved as satisfactory to the Government of the
United States as they had appeared to be to Mr.
Buchanan;" but he declares, that " if the law of
the United States has been in any way infringed
by persons acting with or without any authority
from them, any such infringement is entirely con-
trary to the wishes and to the positive instruc-
tions of her Majesty's Government.
On the 2d of November, 1853, Mr. Buchanan
reports a conversation held with Lord Clarendon
on the subject, in concluding which he says that
Lord Clarendon remarked, " in a sincere and
emphatic manner, that nothing had been further
from the intention of the British Government than
to violate the neutrality of the United States, or
to give them cause of offense."
This brings the subject down to a very narrow
and almost technical point, under the code of honor
which regulates the diplomacy of nations. To say
that " I did not intend an injury, or an insult, or
an offense," is all, perhaps, that a man can truly
say who never did intend such a thing; unless
you will oblige him to admit falsely that he in-
tended that which he did not purpose. It seems
to me you must be content, taking: his honor as
the pledge for the truth and sincerity of the dec-
laration that he never intended, and docs not now
wish to be construed to have intended, any of-
fense.
This communication of Mr. Buchanan shows
that he believed Lord Clarendon and the British
Government to be sincere—bcc.ause he dwells
with emphasis on this point—" to be sincere in the
declaration which they had made that they had
never intended any offense or injury, ana that
what had been done had been done unconscious-
ly, if it wa& in violation of the laws of the United
States." I do not say this ought to be enough;
but I do say it is enough to form the subject of a
discussion between the parties, and to conclude
against the assumption, which would be a violent
one, that the British Government has made no
apology and no explanation which ought to be
satisfactory.
I trust, therefore, if this action of the Senate is
to go abroad, that in regard to both these ques-
tions it may be understood that there is room for
further consultation and negotiation between the
Governments, with the hope that the smaller
matter may be accommodated and put out of the
way, if the larger one is still to remain an issue
between the nations; and that even that great one
which affects our country's interests so profound-
ly, may in some way be happily closed while all
those interests are maintained and preserved.
Mr. PEARCE-. Mr. President, I think that
yesterday, when the correspondence in relation to
the enlistment question was received, it was made
the order of the day for some day next week. Am
I correct in that, sir?
The PRESIDENT. There was no motion to
that effect.
Mr. PEARCE. That was my impression at
all events. I did not expect any debate to-day on
that question. The papers m regard to it were
received only yesterday. They have not been
printed and laid on our tables, and I am not aware
that they have found their way into the newspa-
pers of this city or elsewhere, in full. A portion
of them, however, has appeared in a newspaper
in a neighboring city—the Baltimore Patriot. I
do not feel ready, after the cursory reading which
I have been able to give to such portions of the
correspondence as have come under my eye, to
express a deliberate opinion on the subject, and
I had hoped that no one would present a hasty
view of it to-day, at such length, at all events, as
the Senator from New York has seen fit to pre-
sent to the Senate.
I do not concur with that Senator; and I rise
only to say a word because, not concurring with
him, I am unwilling that his opinion shall go forth
to the country without reply or remark; because
the Senate may be supposed to concur in that
opinion, if no one here shall notice it.
1 will not undertake to say, sir, that no apology
has been made which might not, perhaps, by
strained liberality and great indulgence, be con-
strued into some sort of satisfaction; and I know
how difficult it must be, under all the circum-
stances, to make a graceful and satisfactory ac-
knowledgment. But I must say that, so far as I
have been able to form an opinion, such atone-
ment as became the Government of Great Britain
has not yet been made.
The disclosures in the correspondence exhibit
a frankness and manliness of spirit, as well as an
ability, on the part of our Government, worthy of
all honor, and of which we may justly be proud.
But 1 regret that a similar spirit does not seem to
me to characterize the correspondence on the part
of Great Britain. I will not characterize it as I
think it fairly might be characterized; but I con-
fess that the affront which has been offered by
the violation of our neutrality laws, and of our
territorial sovereignty, seems to me to be aggra-
vated by the temper which marks a portion of
the British Secretary's letters. Not only has no
satisfactory atonement been made, so far as I can
see, but there is language in that correspondence
which amounts to reproach and taunt, and which
is in itself offensive
I recollect, sir, there is a passage in one of
Lord Clarendon's letters to Mr. Buchanan, dated
in September last, in which he says that the Gov-
ernment of the United States has resorted to
means, in order to ascertain the complicity of
the British authorities, which are sometimes re-
sorted to by despotic Governments, but which
free and enlightened Governments disdain. Sir,
I think that is adding insult to injury.
These means are not specified, I believe; but
we can readily understand them to be such as are
frequently resorted to by all Governments, Great
Britain included, in prosecutions which could not
be maintained except by using the testimony of
those who have participated in the offense, and
who only are cognizant of the facts.
Sir, I am not an advocate of war. I most sin-
cerely hope that we shall maintain peace with
Great Britain. I look noon all wars as great
crimes and enormous follies, always unneces-
sary and unjust on one side, and sometimes on
both. Nor do I mean to say that the proper sat-
isfaction is to be sought in measures of hostil-
ity. Far from it. I should regret if the conse-
quences were found in a termination of diplo-
matic intercourse between the Governments of
two people who have so many and important mu-
tual interests to unite them in sincere and liberal
friendship. But I cannot soften down the ex-
pression of my opinion so as to admit that the
correspondence before us furnishes a full atone-
ment for the incontestable delinquency of the Brit-
ish authorities in this matter, or that it is couched
in language, or framed in a spirit such as be-
comes the lelations between the two countries.
Sir, the first letter in this correspondence is
one from Mr. Crampton to Mr. Marcy, in which,
after communicating to our Goverameaithe in ten-
tion of Great Britain to restrict within named
limits the exercise of her belligerent rights, he
invokes the United States to restrain most rigor-
ously our citizens from participation in priva-
teering against the commerce of*Great Britain,
and to enforce upon them the strictest neutrality.
Next, we find in the' correspondence a disclosure
of the violation by British authority of the laws
of the United States intended to protect that very
neutrality. The Power that invokes us to strict
neutrality, to allow no advantages to be given to
her adversary, seeks first openly, and then clan-
destinely, to make use of our citizens or residents
against that enemy in violation of that neutrality
which we were called upon to iespectand enforce.
But I will not pursue the subject further. I
do not wish to bring on a debate prematurely, or
to encourage excitement. The question should
be discussed calmly, after careful examination and
reflection. But differing widely as I do from the
Senator from New York, I have thought it proper
to say so much, that none may be misled into
supposing that his opinion is that of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I trust the
Senate will pardon me for adding a single remark
to what has been so well said by the Senator from
Maryland. It will be recollected that the speech
of Lord Clarendon made in the British House of
Lords, declared, in respect to the proposal to ar-
bitrate, something which must have been under-
stood by the British public to have been a definite
and full statement. Now it turns Out, by an in-
spection of the papers read to-day, that no such
proposition was ever even submitted to Mr.
Buchanan. The conversation between Lord Clar-
endon and Mr. Buchanan, as Lord Clarendon
himself states it in his correspondence with the
British Minister here, does not at all come up to
what Lord Clarendon stated in the House of Lords.
He there stated that he had offered to arbitrate the
question of the construction of the treaty by in-
voking the aid of a friendly Power, both parties
agreeing to be bound by the decision. It appears,
however, that there is not in the conversation
which is transmitted to this Government by Mr.
Buchanan, nor in the communication transmitted
by Lord Clarendon to the British Minister resi-
dent in the United States, any language which
comes up to that point.
What then, sir, is the only inference which is
left? It is that a broad declaration was made by
Lord Clarendon in the House of Lords, for the
purpose of giving the British public to understand
that their Government had assumed l generous
position, which had not been responded toby this,
and that that proposition had been renewed after
having been once declined. No inference can be
drawn other than this to which I have just referred
by the Britishpublic,and it is evident that that in-
ference is not founded upon the true state of things.
I am disposed to refrain from any general dis-
cussion of this subject. Indeed I had not intended
to embark in it, but to leave it in other and abler
hands. But, sir, this question is fast assuming a
position before the country, which I think is tend-
ing to another and a different conclusion, and that
is, that, inasmuch as the Government of Great
Britain docs not intend to live up to tnc treaty,
we ought to abrogate it altogether. That I con-
fess- is very strongly the inclination of m-y own
t^irfid at this time.
Thus much it has seemed to me proper to say,
in order, as the Senator from Maryland so well
remarked, that it should not be understood that
the declaration of the Senator from New York
was the sense of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the honorable
Senators from Maryland and Michigan seem to
assume that I have expressed the opinion that
the explanations made by the British Government
in relation to the violation of our neutrality laws
were sufficient, and ought to be satisfactory. I
have expressed no such opinion. I should hesi-
tate as much as those honorable Senators to arrive
at such a conclusion, upon the very cursory ex-
amination which I have been able to give to that
part of the case which now absorbs the attention
of both nations. I addressed myself to another
proposition, which was, that it had been stated
here, as I understood, that nothing'm the shape of
an apology had come from Great Britain. To
guard against that conclusion, I showed the Sen-
ate how the question stands, viz: That after an
explanation was made by the British Govern-
