530
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 10,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
voice of his accuser, and which still stands forth
with strongest distinctness, arresting the symjfa-
thetic indignation-of all who read the story, is,
that away in Sicily he had scourged a citizen of
Rome—that the cry " I am a Roman citizen "
had been interposed in vain against the lash of
the tyrant governor. Other charges were, that
he had carried away productions of art, and that
be had violated the sacred shrines. It was in the
presence of the Roman Senate that this arraign-
ment proceeded; in atemple of the Forum; amidst
crowds—such as no orator had ever before drawn
together—thronging the porticos and colonnades,
even clinging to the house-tops and neighboring
elopes—and under the anxious gaze of witnesses
summoned from the scene of crime. But an au-
dience grander far—of higher dignity—of more
various people and of wider intelligence—the
countless multitude of succeeding generations,
in every land, where eloquence has been studied
or where the Roman name has been recognized
—has listened to the accusation, and throbbed
with condemnation of the criminal. Sir, speaking
in an age of light and in a land of constitutional
liberty, where the safeguards of elections are
justly placed among the highest triumphs of civ-
ilization, I fearlessly assert that the wrongs of
much-abused Sicily, thus memorable in history,
were small by the side of the wrongs of Kansas,
where the vcjry shrines of popular institutions,
more sacred tliartteny hapthen altar, have been
desecrated; where the ballot-box, more precious
than any work, in ivory or marble, from the cun-
ning hand of art, has been plundered; and where
the cry "I am an American citizen " has been
interposed in vain against outrage of every kind,
even upon life itself. Are you agaiqst sacrilege?
I present it for your execration. Are you against
robbery? I hold it up to your scorn. Are you
for the protection of American citizens? I show
you bow their dearest rights have been cloven
down, while a Tyrannical Usurpation has sought
to install itself on their very necks!
But the wickedness which I now begin to ex-
pose is immeasurably aggravated by the motive
Which prompted it. Not in any common lust for
power did this uncommon tragedy have its ori-
gin. It is the rape of a virgin Territory, com-
pelling it to the hateful embrace of Slavery; and
it may be clearly traced to a depraved longing for
a new slave State, the hideous offspring of such
a crime, in the hope of adding to the power of
Slavery in the National Government. Yes, sir,
when the whole world, alike Christian and Turk,
is rising up to condemn this wrong, and to make
it a hissing to the nations, here in our Republic,
force—ay, sir, FORCE—has been openly em-
ployed m compelling Kansas to this pollution,
and all for the sake of political power. There is
the simple fact, which you will vainly attempt to
deny, but which in itself presents an essential
wickedness that makes other public crimes seem
like public virtues.
But this enormity, vast beyond comparison,
swells to dimensions of wickedness which the
imagination toils in vain to grasp, when it is un-
derstood, thatufor this purpose are hazarded the
horrors of intestine feud, not only in this distant
Territory, but everywhere throughout the coun-
try. Already the muster has begun. The strife
is no longer local, but national. Even now, while
I speak, portents hang on all the arches of the
horizon, threatening to darken the broad land,
which already yawnR with the mutterings of civil
war. The fury of the propagandists of Slavery,
and the calm determination of their opponents,
are now diffused from the distant Territory over
wide-spread communities, and the whole country,
in all its extent—marshaling hostile divisions,
and foreshadowing a strife, which, unless happily
averted by the triumph of Freedom, will become
war—fratricidal, parricidal war—with an accu  >
mulated wickedness beyond the wickedness of i
any war in human annals; justly provoking the
avenging judgment of Providence and the aveng-
ing pen of history, and constituting a strife, in
the language of the ancient writer, more than
foreign, more than social, more than civil; but
something compounded of all these strifes, and in
itself more than war; sed potius commune quaddam,
ex omnibus, et plus quam bellum.
Such is the Crime which you are to judge. But
the criminal also must be dragged into day, that
[ you may see and measure the power by which
I all this wrong is sustained. From no common
source could it proceed. In its perpetration was
I needed a spirit of vaulting ambition which would
hesitate at nothing; a hardihood of purpose which
was insensible to the judgment of mankind; a
madness for Slavery which should disregard the
Constitution, the laws, and all the great examples
of our history; also a consciousness of power such
as comes from the habit of power; a combination
of energies found only in a hundred arms directed
by a hundred eyes; a control of Public Opinion,
through venal pens and a prostituted press; an
ability to subsidize crowds in every vocation of
life—the politician with his local importance, the
lawyer with his subtile tongue, and even the
authority of the judge on the bench; and a familiar
use of men in places high and low, so that none,
from thePresidentto the lowest border postmaster,
should decline to be its tool; all these things and
more were needed; and they were found in the
Slave Power of our Republic. There, sir, stands
the criminal—all unmasked before you—heart-
less, grasping, and tyrannical—with an audacity
beyond that of Verres, a subtilety beyond that of
Machiavel, a meanness beyond that of Bacon,
and an ability beyond that of Hastings. Justice
to Kansas can be secured only by the prostration
of this influence; for this is the power behind—
greater than any President—which succors and
sustains the Crime. Nay, the proceedings I now
arraign derive their fearful consequence only from
this connection.
In now opening this great matter, I am not in-
sensible to the austere demands of the occasion;
but the dependence of the crime against Kansas
upon the Slave Power is so peculiar and import-
ant, that I trust to be pardoned while I impress
it by an illustration, which to some may seem
! trivial. It is related in Northern mythology, that
j the god of Force, visiting an enchanted region,
was challenged by his royal entertainer to what
, seemed a humble feat of strength—merely, sir,
to lift a cat from the ground. The god smiled
at the challenge, and, calmly placing his hand
; under the belly of the animal, with superhuman
: strength, strove, while the back of the feline
monster arched far upwards, even beyond reach,
and one paw actually forsook the earth, until at
last the discomfited divinity desisted; but he was
little surprised at his defeat, when he learned
that this creature, which seemed to be a cat, and
nothing more, was not merely a cat, but that it
belonged to and was a part of the great Terrestrial
Serpent, which, in its innumerable folds, encir-
cled the whole globe. Even so the creature,
whose paws are now fastened upon Kansas, what-
ever it may Seem to be, constitutes in reality a
part of the Slave Power> which, with loathsome
folds, is now coiled about the whole land. Thus
do I expose the extent of the present contest,
where we encounter not merely local resistance,
but also the unconquered sustaining arm behind.
But out of the vastness of the Crime attempted,
with all its woe and shame, I derive a well-
founded assurance of a commensurate vastness
of effort against it, by the aroused masses of the
country, determined not only to vindicate Right
against Wrong, but to redeem the Republic from
the thraldom of that Oligarchy, which prompts,
directs, and concentrates, the distant wrong.
Such is the Crime, and such the criminal, which
it is my duty in this debate to expose, and, by
the blessing of God, this duty shall be done com-
pletely to the end. But this will not be enough.
The Apologies, which, with strange hardihood,
have been offered for the Crime, must be torn
away, so that it shall stand forth, without a sin-
gle rag, or fig-leaf, to cover its vileness. And,
finally, the True Remedy must be shown. The
subject is complex in its relations, as it is trans-
cendent in importance; and yet, if I am honored
by your attention, I hope to exhibit it clearly in
all its parts, while I conduct you to the inevitable
conclusion that Kansas must be admitted at once,
with her present Constitution, as a State of this
Union, and give a new star to the blue field of our
National Flag. And here I derive satisfaction
from the thought, that the cause is so strong in
itself as to bear even the infirmities of its advo-
cates; nor can it require anything beyond that
simplicity of treatment and moderation of manner
which I desire to cultivate. Its true character is
such, that, like Hercules, it will conquer just so
soon as it is recognized.
My task will be divided under three different
heads; first, the Crime against Kansas, in its
origin and extent; secondly, the Apologies for
the Crime; and thirdly, the True Remedy.
But, before entering upon the argument, I must
say something of a general character, particularly
in response to what has fallen from Senators who
have raised themselves to eminence on this floor
in championship of human wrongs; I mean the
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,} and
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] who,
though unlike as Don Quixote and Sancho Panza,
yet, Tike this couple, sally forth together in the
same adventure. I regret much to miss the elder
Senator from his seat; but the cause, against
which he has run a tilt, with such activity of ani-
mosity, demands that the opportunity of expos-
ing him should not be lost; and it is for the cause
that I speak. The Senator from South Carolina
has read many books of chivalry, and believes
himself a chivalrous knight, with sentiments of
honor and courage. Of course he has chosen a
mistress to whom he has made his vows, and who,
though ugly to others, is always lovely to him;
though polluted in the sight of the world, is chaste
in his sight—I mean the harlot, Slavery. For her,
his tongue is always profuse in words. Let her
be impeached in character, or any proposition
made to shut her out ft-om the extension of her
wantonness, and no extravagance of manner or
hardihood of assertion is then too great for this
Senator. The frenzy of Don Quixote, in behalf of
his wench,Dulcinea del Toboso,is all surpassed.
The asserted rights of slavery, which shock
equality of all kinds, are cloaked by a fantastic
claim of equality. Jf the slave States cannot
enjoy what, in mockery of the great fathers of
the Republic, he misnames equality under the
Constitution—in other words, the full power in
the National Territories to compel fellow-men to
unpaid toil, to separate husband and wife, and to
sell little children at the auction block—then, sir,
the chivalric Senator will conduct the State of
South Carolina out of the Union ! Heroic knight!
Exalted Senator ! A second Moses come for a
second exodus!
But not content with this poor menace, which
we have been twice told was " measured," the
Senator, in the unrestrained chivalry of hi* na-
ture, has undertaken to apply opprobrious words
to those who differ from him on this floor. He
calls them "sectional and fanatical;" and oppo-
sition to the usurpation in Kansas he denounces
as "an uncalculating fanaticism." To be sure,
these charges lack all grace of originality, and
all sentiment of truth; but the adventurous Sen-
ator does not hesit&te. He is the uncompromis-
ing, unblushing representative on this floor of
a flagrant sectionalism, which now domineers over
the Republic, and yet with a ludicrous ignorance
of his own position—unable to see himself as
others see him—or with an effrontery which even
his white head ought not to protect from rebuke,
he applies to those here who resist his sectionalism
the very epithet which designates himself. The
men who strive to bring back the Government to
its original policy, when Freedom and not Slavery
was national, wnile Slavery and not Freedom was
sectional, he arraigns as sectional. This will not
do. It involves too great a perversion of terms.
I tell that Senator, that it is to himself, and to
the "organization" of which he is the "com-
mitted advocate," that this epithet belongs. I
now fasten it upon them. For myself, I care little
for names; but since the question has been raised
here, I affirm that the Republican party of the
Union is in no just sense sectional, but, more than
any other party, national; and that it now goes
forth to dislodge from the high places of the
Government the tyrannical sectionalism of which
the Senator from South Carolina is one of the
maddest zealots.
To the charge of fanaticism I also reply. Sir,
fanaticism is found in an enthusiasm or exagger-
ation of opinions, particularly on religious sub-
jects; but there may be a fanaticism for evil as
well as for good. Now, I will not deny, that
