1266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
fey somebody. I presume that the officer of the
board w&o fut the black mark against him as-
signed his reason for it. That reason may haffe
been that he was intemperate; or that he was
mentally imbecile; or, that he had been guilty of
some flagrant neglectof duty; or, as in the case of
Mr. Bartlatt, that he had done acts in the naval
service, which were debasing to him as an officer.
Then the presiding officer, I suppose, would say,
"What is the proof?" There is no proof—for
proof is a technical term; proof is the exhibition
of evidence, under judicial sanction, that excludes
doubt. Then there is no proof. Well, what is
the evidence? There is no evidence, using the
term as we are bound to use it, as a technical
term, in a judicial sense; because the witness,
whoever he may be, gives his testimony without
any sanction or responsibility. What is there?
There is testimony. What is the testimony?
The commodore says it was partly documentary,
tartly historical, and partly personal. If it was
ocumentary from the files of the Navy "Depart-
ment, what assurance had any member of the
board that all the documents connected with the
subject of the charge were before them ? I shall
show you presently, in a perfectly analogous
case, that an officer of the iNavy, of high, rank,
•was disrated, by a board of like character, in Mr.
Bancroft's day, upon testimony derived from the
Navy Department, when it afterwards appeared
they had not obtained the whole testimony; and
if they had had it, the charge would have been
seen to be unfounded.
Now 1 ask you, sir, or any fair inquirer what-
ever, when the commodore tells usnhat these
men were to any extent convicted upon docu-
mentary evidence, if that documentary evidence
be from the archives of the Navy Department,
what assurance have we, far more what assurance
has the sufferer, that all the documents were be-
fore the board? I do not mean to say that any
"were suppressed—far from it; but I do mean to
say that the party who was interested to see that
all the documents were there, was absent, and
never had a hearing. If he had been present,
and there were any missing, he would have sup-
plied them. I shall show you presently that tins
very case actually occurred. All the documents
which wore to affect his character may not have
boen before the board.
The commodore says that another source of
information was historical. 1 do not exactly
know what he means by "historical" informa-
tion. History, as i understand it, is a narrative
of transactions in the world—events which are
passed and ended, and which arc recorded only
after the passions bt' the day have subsided, and
reason can take a calm review of them. That is
not the history, I suppose, winch, according to
Commodore fcfhubriok, was brought to hear on
those disabled officers. Wiiat was it then r U was
cotemporaneous history. What is cotempora-
neous history ? I do not know what if is, unless
it be the gossip, the rumor, the tattle, and along
with it the scandal, and frequently the calumny,
which attends men in their passage through this
life. This is the history, and the only history,
which is cotcmporaneous; and that was one of
the sources from which the elements were drawn
of the public judgment of condemnation pro-
nounced against these officers!
The next was " personal information." " Per-
sonal," I suppose, is equivalent to " historical,"
in the sense of the commodore; that is to say,
their judgment was formed upon the personal
knowledge of some of the members of the board;
for I am sure the commodore never meant to say
that, when their judgment was formed on personal
knowledge, it was a personal knowledge which
all the members of the board had as to the officer
who was the subject of it. Then what is the
personal knowledge ? Captain A, or Lieutenant
£, would say, " 1 know personally such and
such things of that man." He knew them; but
how did his associates know them ? They knew
them only because he told them so-, and told them
so, when? While sitting on the board. Then it
would result that these men were to be tried and
convicted of offenses to degrade them through
life, uf>on personal knowledge derived fiom one
who may have been interested to pervert it, or
who may have misconceived it, and therefore
stated it incorrectly. Why, Mr. President, how
utterly at war with everything like fair judicial
inquiry, and, I may repeat, with the ordinary-
charities of life between man and man, is this sort
of evidence and this sort of conviction!
Take the case of our grand juries, who decide
nothing more than that there is evidence enough
to put the accused on trial to answer. What is
required of grand juries? 'When they have re-
tired to their room to deliberate, if any member
of the jury has personal knowledge of an offense,
he is not at liberty to give it to his fellows; he is
not at liberty to found an information, or indict-
ment, or even a charge, on his personal knowl-
edge; but he must go into the court-room, and
have an oath administered to him, and come back
to the grand jury, as a witness, and give his tes-
timony. Such are the safeguards observed in
judicial forms to protect character, as well as
life and property, that a member of a grand jury
is not even permitted to found a charge which
shall put a man to answer for any offense, on the
personal knowledge on which Commodore Shu-
brick says the naval board convicted these men.
1 am surprised that, when these gentlemen came
to deliberate in the manner which they did, there
was not* some one amongst them all, of some
grade, who would have been shocked, as I sup-
pose Captain Du Pont would have been shocked
when he undertook to write the letter to which I
have alluded about Lieutenant Bartlett, and who
would not have thought it impossible to occupy
that position, and chum afterwards of his brother
officers, or of his fellow-men, impunity from
any imputation against him for not having dis-
charged his duty faithfully, justly, and truly.
They were placed in a position in which men
should not he placed; and, if it were the pleasure
of the Secretary to put them there without regu-
lations, or the pleasure of Congress to put them
there m that position, in my judgment they
should have put their commissions against the
order, and refused to execute it. I will tell you
who did that, sir. Commodore Charles Stewart,
who stands at the head of your Navy, or who
: did stand there before he was disrated by this
! board, did it on a like occasion.
! In 184(>, Mr. Secretary Bancroft conccived the
! idea (and it was a very natural and proper one,)
that it would he hotvr for the naval service that
promotion should be made, not according to
seniority, but according to merit. We all know
that that is a very difficult and embairassing
subject to deal with. He summoned a number
of officers to Washington, convened them as a
board, and instructed them to deliberate, make
up a judgment, and inform him upon two points.
First, whether it would be wise and expedient in
the Navy to make promotions depend upon merit
and not. upon seniority; and secondly, he required
of them to designate such officers—a limited
number of each grade—who, in their judgment,
had the merit which would entitle them to pro-
motion, regardless of seniority.
The board met m Washington in 1846, and
Commodore Stewart was its president. He pro-
ceeded to execute so much of the order of the
Secretary as asked his opinion upon the propri-
ety or the wisdom of dispensing with seniority;
but when the Secretary required of him, as the
Secretary did require, that he should sit at the
board, and give a vote upon the question, which
officers were, from merit, entitled to seniority, he,
declined, and he gave his reasons for it. Those
reasons mark the mental ability, the sagacity,
the mind of that very distinguished man, now
in advanced life, who has been declared ineli-
gible to promotion, and put aside by the action
of his juniors. 1 will read a part of his letter.
It does honor to his head, and shows him to have
been a man of ability, conscious of the responsi-
bilities of life, and more than all, conscious of his
responsibility to his brother officers, with whom
he was banded in a corps for common purposes.
Commodore Stewart in 184G, long before the
present board was thought of, or conceived of,
upon a like occasion, when a board was convened
here at Washington to indicate preferences accord-
ing to merit among brother officers, said this:
" No boaid of officers, however pure, is competent to pass
upon the piot'<— sional and moral qualifications of any ofii-
cei, whether foi promotion or lor any other pin po^e, unless
under all the solemn obhuauons of oath to do justice—a
cl(xse and ->teadv investigation into whatevei dements may
he alleged, aided by all the lights t>f testimony m his behalf
as well' aa against him, and a patient hearing of'Whatever
he may have to advance in extenuation or defense.
" Our naval organization is such that it is hardly possible
that the officers composing a board could have much per-
sonal knowledge of the qualifications or disqualifications
of those whose claims for promotion are to be consideicd.
To illu&tiate this remark, I will state that, of the fifteen
officers whose names have been passed upon by this board,
I have no personal knowledge of the qualifications of more
than two of them, although I have numbered more than
forty-eight years of service, twenty-three of which have
been passed at sea."
A man who had been forty-eight years in the
Navy, and of the character and observation of
this officer, declares that no such board should
be constituted, for it wits impossible that such a
.board could do justice. And why? They could
not have that personal knowledge of the officers
who are to be passed upon which would enable
them to do justice, unless they should act upon
tattle and gossip and rumor, at which his mind
revolted, and which he refused to receive. He
goes further.
" Most of them were unknown to me, even by name."
Although he had been forty-eight years in the
service, and twenty-three years at sea, of the fif-
teen officers passed! upon, he says, most of them
were unknown to him', even by name.
—"And as tha remainder of the officers composing this
boatd average a sea setvice of but eighteen and a half
yeais, it is highly probable that a majority of the board
never had an opportunity of forming an opinion of them
fiom personal knowledge in any ont case. Yet, notwith-
standing tins, this board, by a joint and secret ballot, lias
recommended the pioinouon ot certain officeis, to the
injury of others, and that certain other officers should bo
considered unworthy of piomotion altogether.
c* The adoption ot thisjowif and secret ballot has gone fay
to render the proceedings of this board justly obnoxious,
it ha* assumed for itselt the detestable attributes of the Star
Chamber. Not recognized by any law, nor under the pro-
ection ot' any law—without even the obligation of an oath
to do justice to the officer on whose claim it has passed, or to
the service—without an> evidence of their merits or disqual-
ifications, or without aligning any reason for its opinions,
either individually or collectively—it has given condemna-
tory judgment on the leputatioiis. of men long m the service
of their country—one ot whom 15 now alnoad serving with
distinction—emphatically intimating that they shall not be
promoted, and thus virtually disgracing them forever 111
public estimation."
A note to the publication says:
"The officer referred to by Commodore Stewart was
Commander Ileni.v , of the United States sloop of war Ply-
mouth, who was lurloughed by the board."
And then is given a letter from Mr. Wise, dated
the 26th of December, 1845, when he was Min-
ister at Rio de Janeiro, passing a very high com-
mendation on the character of Commander Henrys
presently again adverted to by Commodore Stew-
art, who goes on:
■ —*k There is nothing so prccious to an officer as his reputa-
[ tion. When artaigued tor alleged offences befoie a couit-
mamal, he earnestly, and at a great co^t, seeks his vindi-
! cation. He confronts his accusers, he objects to his judges,
I he offers his witnesses, his explanations of defense, am!
j thetitulws sifted! The judges aie under oath to decide
accoidmg to law, the evidence, and their consciences; and
arter a fair and impartial trial, the punishment, if any, falls
upon him sanctioned by law. And yet such punishment
by court-martial can rarely surpass m severity, and in its
effects, the judgment pronounced by this hoaid—a board
sitting in secret conclave—their victim abroad, and unheard
in his defense; without charges against him, without evidence
of any hind, acting on svspicion or hearsay; without personal
knowledge of his qualifications, and many of us members
perhaps influenced by personal prejudices and enmities.
Before such a tribunal no one would be safe. Ji clique, or
even a single member of a boaid, might bring irreparable
injury upon the prospects of any officer m the service. Such
proceedings, so contraiy to ail received notions ofpropriety
and pubiic justice, and so opposed to the principles of our
Government, I, for one, could never countcnance or be a
party to."
Well said for " Old Ironsides!"
—" No othei course was, therefore, left to me, in the vari-
ous ballots for the selection of officers for promotion, than
to mark on every ballot—I decline to vote."
The Secretary ordered him to vote, but he de-
clined; he put his commission against the order,
and the result was, whatever action the board
took, the Secretary paid no regard to it. It was
a failure; it broke down; and it broke down under
the sagacity, good sense,and strength of mind of
this veteran commodore. He exploded it, and
exploded it by the strength of his intellect. He
declined to vote, and reported it officially to the
Secretary m this protest. The consequence was,
that the action of that board went to the winds.
Now, sir, one paragraph more from Stewait's
letter:
—" In further illustration of this hasty and obnoxious mode
of dispatching officers and disposing of then icputat'ons X
will here state that in one ease papers were presented from
the files of the Department calculated to cicatc prejudice
against that officer whose fate was to be passed upon—papei a
having no claim to the character of evidence in any court
of honor or justice—and yet, at the same time, other papers
