$42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
compensation for his services as an officer in the
revolutionary army ; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, a petition of citizens of Eastern Missis-
sippi, praying for the confirmation of their titles
to certain lands entered and paid for by them, in
conformity with the requirements of the land
officers in that district; which was referred to the
Committee oil Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, praying for the establishment of
a mail route from West Union to St. Charles, in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
Mr. SEWARD presented an additional peti-
tion of Oscar Bullus, a commander in the Navy,
who has been placed upon the reserved list, pray-
ing to be restored to the active service list; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, the memorial of John S. Chauncey, late
a commander in the Navy, who was dropped in
consequence of the recommendation of the late
naval board, praying to be restored to his former
position in the service ; which was ordered to lie
on the table?
Also, the petition of Timothy C. Benham, who
was placed upon the reserved list in consequence
of the recommendation of the late naval board,
complaining that injustice had been done to him,
and praying for redress; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Joseph
A. Seawell, late a midshipman in the Navy, who
was dropped in consequence of the recommend-
ation of the naval board, complaining that injus-
tice has been done to him, and praying for re-
dress; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Joshua Shaw,- on the
files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Aftairs.
On motion by Mr. IVERSON, it was
Ordered, That O. L. Lukcns and Hugh Maxwell hare
leave to withdraw their petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That William A. Cameron have leave to wit h-
draw his petition and papers.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Enoch S.
More, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Daniel Brown, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
bo printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Brown, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Illinois in
behalf of Valentine G. Wehrheim, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Miles Devinc, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
the heirs of Simon Summers, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to pro-
vide for the sale of certain town lots; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. WADE, by unanimous consent, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to continue the
improvement of the harbor of Vermilion, Ohio;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, in the Intelligencer
of this morning is a statement of some conferences
that took place between two distinguished gentle-
men in London some two years ago, in which my
name is very freely used, and to which it seems
proper that I should advert, as I do not like the
position in which it places me. The article is
signed "J. W. W." Although I should not
think it proper to notice, in this place, an anony-
mous article, this is so obviously written by
General James Watson Webb, and is so dis-
tinctly alluded to by the Intelligencer as such,
that I feel justified in considering it the production
of/that gentleman—as much so as if signed by
him in full.
' General Webb states that, some two years ago,
when the discussion took place in the Senate in
respect to the declaration of Lord Clarendon, that
there was an understanding between France and
England which extended to all parts of the world,
he was in England and had an interview with
Lord Clarendon on the subject. I will preface
General Webb's narrative by reading the declara-
tion of Lord Clarendon:
" Your lordships will be glad, also, to hear that the union
of the two Governments—of France and England—is not
confined to the Eastern question, but that the habit of a
good understanding between them has become general on
nil matters of policy, and extends to all parts of the world ;
and that, on the question of policy, there is no part of the
world, in either hemisphere, with regaid to which we are
not entirely 111 accord."
That declaration excited some sensation in this
country, as every gentleman present will prob-
ably recollect. It seemed to be a distinct decla-
ration to the world, on the part of the English
Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, that the
policy of France and England was m accord with
respect to all questions in which we were in-
terested—Cuba and others—and with respect to all
other questions throughout the world. A short
time afterwards, m the address of the French Em-
peror to his Legislative Council, was the follow-
ing pregnant paragraph, containing the same
ominous warning:
"What firmer bonds can there in fact be than those
bearing the names of vietones belonging to the two armies,
recalling a common glory; than the same anxieties aind
the same hopes, agitating the two countries; than the
same views and the same intentions animating the two
Governments in every corner of the globe ?"
It has been heretofore noticed in this country,
and is worth noticing again, that just before this
declaration of the French Emperor, while indeed
it was preparing, Lord Palmerston was in Paris;
and it is no unreasonable supposition, that his
representations may have operated upon the
French ruler, to induce him to avow the same
policy thus announced to the British House of
Peers.
It will be seen that Lord Clarendon said the al-
liance extended to all parts of the world, and that
there was no portion of either hemisphere with
regard to which the Allies were not in accord.
The Frcnch Emperor said, their understanding
extended " toevery corner of the globe." These
declarations attracted a good deal of attention in
our country. It appeared as if a consentaneous
policy were about to be adopted, or had been
adopted, which had our interest particularly for
its object. In common with other Senators, I
made some remarks about it at the time. Those
remarks went to England; and it appears from
General Webb's statement, that he immediately
had a conversation with Lord Clarendon on the
subject. says that Lord Clarendon stated that
he had read with surprise General Cass's remarks.
This declaration was followed by a consultation
with General Webb as to the test method of
placing Lord Clarendon right before the American
people; during the course of it he said with some
emphasis to General Webb:
" Surely you did not imagine that I intended to convey
the idea that we had entered into any arrangement affecting
the United States?"
To which General Webb says:
" Certainly not, because your daily language to me ren-
dered it impossible i'or me to mistake your meaning. It is
neveitheless tiue that your language appears to justify the
construction put upon it by General Cass."
He likewise added, that the speech would
"excite alarm and anxiety throughout this coun-
try." And that it did so is known to every one.
It is likewise known that there was but one con-
struction put upon this language, either in the
Senate or out of it, and that was, that it was
unfriendly and minatory, both in its terms and
objects.
Two years ago, an article appeared in the New
York Courier and Enquirer, which may be called
the first edition of the narrative, obviously written
by General Webb^ and containing substantially
the same statement of his interview with Lord
Clarendon, and of the advice he gave him, which
he has now thought it of sufficient importance
again to spread before the country. He now
goes, however, somewhat more into detail. He
differs, however, from himself in one respect. In
the former narrative he says, that Lord Claren-
don'slanguage " certainly admitted of such forced
construction.'' But time has corrected his views,
and the construction is now justified without
the application of any force in its interpretation.
It appears that after some consideration of the diffi-
culty of his position, Lord Clarendon demanded
General Webb's opinion, " and inquired how it
was possible to remedy the error which had been
committed?" The English Secretary of State,
being quite a verdant young man, and having
ventured into water beyond his depth, appealed
to the friendship andjudgmentof our distinguished
countrymen to lend him a helping hand to relieve
him from the scrape. The counsel was given,
and the narrative thus proceeds:
" I recommended an interview with Mr. Buchanan,
which was adopted; and the interview accordingly took
place on the following day. A few evenings thereafter
I again met his lordship, when he said to me that he had
arranged with Mr. Buchanan the unfortunate misappre-
hension of his speech ; and, in reply to my inquiry how it
had been arranged, he stated that lie had addressed an ex-
planatory letter to Mr. Crampton, to be read to Mr. Marcy.
I smiled at this information," &c.
This significantsmileofthe American politician
immediately alarmed his friend, who at once
inquired, " Why I considered the arrangement a
bad one ? My reply, of course, was, that the pres-
ent Administration would not feel desirous of
correcting the error that had been made; and
that, consequently, the American people would
never hear of it, and all their sympathies would be
gradually transferred from the Allies to the cause
of Russia. He appreciated the force of this re-
mark, and asked me to suggest a mode in which the
people of America could be made to understand
how grossly his meaning had been misrepresented,
adding:
" 41 look upon the sympathy and good feeling of your
countrymen in the coming struggle a  being ali-nnportant
to the Allies. The moral power which they will exercise
upon the war is second only to their taking part with us m
the contest.'"
From the marks of quotation annexed to this
paragraph, it is obvious that General Webb must
have made a formal protocol of his conversation
with Lord Clarendon. But, however that may
be, he put his shoulder to the wheel, and thus
states the result of his reflections:
" After some conversation upon the subject, I proposed
to write hun a note, asking him to commit to writing what
he had said to me in our first conversation upon the subject,
to be used at my discretion, in the event of the Administra-
tion suppressing the purport of his official explanation of
his speech. This was accedcd to, and on the following day
I addressed him the note agreed upon, m reply to which I
received the following."
This note I need not read, for it lias been pub-
lished in the Intelligencer, and, I suppose, read
by every Senator. It disclaims any reference to
the United States, and says that he " had on hia
mind the joint action of France and England (in
which the United States shared) in Paraguay, in
Buenos Ayres," &c.
It will strike every dispassionate observer that
the words, " all matters of policy," and extend-
ing to " all parts of the world," " andno part of
the world in either hemisphere with regard to
which we (that is France and England) are not
entirely in accord," in the speech of Lord Clar-
endon, " and the same views and the same inten-
tions animating the two Governments in every
corner of the globe," in the address of the
French Emperor, are phrases which require a
good deal of twisting to confine their operation,
even upon this continent, to Paraguay and Buenos
Ayres. This letter, however, which General
Webb suggested to Lord Clarendon to address
to himself, as the best mode of cutting the Gor-
dian knot, is deemed by the General a very sat-
isfactory and important one; and he says, that
he "inclosed it to a distinguished member of
the Senate, urging him to inquireof General Cass
in the Senate whether our Government had not
been officially apprised by Lord Clarendon of
the true meaning of his speech in the House of
Lords; and in the event of his disclaiming any
know-ledge of such an explanation, to read Lord
