532
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 19,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
rights of slaveholders; with others, it was #ie
alleged rights of the people. With some, it was
openly the extension of Slavery; and with others,
it was openly the establishment of Freedom,
under the guise of Popular Sovereignty. Of
course, the measure, thus upheld in defiance of
reason, was carried through Congress in defiance
of all the securities of legislation; and I mention
these things that you may see in what foulness
the present Crime was engendered.
It was carricd, first, by whipping in to its sup-
port, through Executive influence and patronage,
men who acted against their own declared judg-
ment and the known will of their constituents.
Secondly, by foisting out of place, both in the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, importantbusi-
ness, long pending, and usurping its room.
Thirdly, by trampling under foot the rules of the
House of Representatives, always before the safe-
guard of the minority. And fourthly, by driving
t,t to a close during the very session in which it
originated, so that it might not be arrested by the
indignant voice of the People. Such are some of
the means by which this snap judgment was ob-
tained. If the clear will of the People had not
been disregarded, it could not Irnve passed. If
the Government had not nefariously interposed
its influence, it could not have passed. If it had
been left to its natural place in the order of busi-
ness, it could not have passed. If the rules of the
House and the rights of the minority had not
been violated, it could not have passed. If it had
been allowed to go over to another Congress,
when the People might be heard, it would have
been ended ; and then the Crime we now depjore,
would have been without its first seminal life.
Mr. President, I mean to keep absolutely within
the limits of parliamentary propriety. I make
no personal imputations; but only with frank-
ness, such as belongs to the occasion and my own
character, describe a great historical act, which is
now enrolled in the Capitol. Sir, the Nebraska
Bill was in every respect a swindle. It was a
swindle by the South of the North. It was, on
the part of those who had already completely
enjoyed their share of the Missouri Compromise,
a swindle of those whose share was yet abso-
lutely untouched; and the plea of unconstitution-
ality set up—like the plea of usury after the bor-
rowed money has been enjoyed—did not make it
less a swindle. Urged as a Bill of Peace, it was
a swindle of the whole country. Urged as open-
ing the doors to slave-masters with their slaves,
it was a swindle of the asserted doctrine of Pop-
ular Sovereignty. Urged as sanctioning Popular
Sovereignty, it was a swindle of the asserted
rights of slave-masters. It was a swindle of a
broad territory, thus cheated of protection against
Slavery. It was a swindle of a great cause, early
espoused by Washington, Framdin, and Jeffer-
son, surrounded by the best fathers of the Re-
public. Sir, it was a swindle of God-given inalien-
able Rights. Turn it over; look at it on all sides,
and it is everywhere a swindle; and, if the word
I now employ has not the authority of classical
usage, it has, on this occasion, the indubitable
authority of fitness. No other word will ade-
quately express the mingled meanness and wick-
edness of the cheat.
Its character was still further apparent in the
general structure of the bill. Amidst overflow-
ing professions of regard for the sovereignty of
the people in the Territory, they were despoiled
of every essential privilege of sovereignty. They
were not allowed to choose their Governor, Sec-
re tary,Chief Justice, AssociateJustices, Attorney,
or Marshal—all of whom are sentfrom Washing-
ton ; nor were they allowed to regulate the salaries
of any of these functionaries, or the daily allow-
ance of the legislative body, or even the pay of
the clerks and doorkeepers; but they were left
free to adopt Slavery. And this was called Popu-
lar Sovereignty! Time does not allow,-nor does
the occasion require, that I should stop to dwell
on this transparent device to cover a transcendent
wrong. Suffice it to say that Slavery is in itself
an arrogant denial of Human Rights, and by no
human reason can the power to establish such a
wrong be placed among the attributes of any just
sovereignty. In refusing it such a place, I do not
deny popular rights, but uphold them; I do not
restrain popular rights, but extend them. And,
sir, to this conclusion you must yet come, unless
deaf, not only to the admonitions of political jus-
tice, but also to the genius of our own Constitu-
tion, under which, when properly interpreted, no
valid claim for Slavery can De set up anywhere
in the National territory. The Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Cass] may say, in response to the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown,] that
Slavery'cannot go into the Territory under the
Constitu tion, without legislative introduction; and
permit me to add, in response to both, that Sla-
very cannot go there at all. Nothing can come out
of nothing; and there is absolutely nothing in the
Constitution out of which Slavery can be derived,
while there are provisions, which, when properly
interpreted, make its existence anywhere within
the exclusive National jurisdiction impossible.
The offensive provision in the bill was in its
form a legislative anomaly, utterly wanting the
natural directness and simplicity of an honest
transaction. It did not undertake openly to repeal
the old Prohibition of Slavery, but seemed to
mince the matter, as if conscious of the swindle.
It is said that this Prohibition, " being inconsist-
ent with the principle of non-intervention by
Congress with Slavery in the States and Terri-
tories, as recognized by the legislation of 1850,
commonly called the Compromise Measures, is
hereby declared inoperative and void." Thus,
with insidious ostentation, was it pretended that
an act, violating the greatest compromise of our
legislative history, and setting loose the founda-
tions of all compromise, was derived out of a
compromise. Then followed in the Bill the further
declaration, which is entirely without precedent,
and which has been aptly called " a stump speech
in its belly," namely: "it being the true intent
and meaning of this act, not to legislate Slavery
into any Territory or State, nor to excludeit there-
from, but to leave the people thereof perfectly
free to form and regulate their domestic institu-
tions in their own way, subject only to the Con-
stitution of theUnitedStates." Here were smooth
words, such as belong to a cunning tongue en-
listed in a bad cause. But whatever may have
been their various hidden meanings, this at least
was evident, that, by their effect, the Congres-
sional Prohibition of Slavery, which had always
been regarded as a seven-fola shield, covering the
whole Louisiana Territory north of 36° 30', was
now removed, while a principle was declared,
which would render the supplementary Prohi-
bition of Slavery in Minnesota, Oregon, and
Washington, " inoperative and void," and thus
open to Slavery all these vast regions, now the
rude cradles of mighty States. Here you see
the magnitude of the mischief contemplated. But
my purpose now is with the Crime against Kan-
sas, and I shall not stop to expose the conspiracy
beyond.
Mr. President, men are wisely presumed to
intend the natural consequences of their conduct,
and to seek what their acts seem to promote.
Now, the Nebraska Bill, on its very face, openly
cleared the way for Slavery, and it is not wrong
to presume that its originators intended the nat-
ural consequences of such an apt, and sought in
this way to extend Slavery. Of course, they did.
And this is the first stage in the Crime against
Kansas.
But this was speedily followed by other devel-
opments. The bare-faced scheme was soon whis-
pered, that Kansas must be a slave State. In
conformity with this idea was the Government
of this unhappy Territory organized in all its de-
partments; and thus did the President, by whose
complicity the Prohibition of Slavery had been
overthrown, lend himself to a new complicity—
giving to the conspirators a lease of connivance,
amounting even to copartnership. The Gov-
ernor, Secretary, Chief Justice, Associate Jus-
tices , Attorney, and Marshal, with a whole caucus'
of other stipendiaries, nominated by the President
' and confirmed by the Senate, were all commended
| as friendly to Slavery. No man, with the senti-
ments of Washington, or Jefferson, or Franklin,
found any favor; nor is it too much to say, that,
had these great patriots once more come among
us, not one of them, with his recorded unretractea
opinions on Slavery, could have been nominated
by the President or confirmed by the Senate for
any post in that Territory. With such auspices
the conspiracy proceeded. Even in advance of
the Nebraska Bill, secret societies were organized
in Missouri, ostensibly to protecther institutions,
and afterwards, under the name of " Self-Defens-
ive Associations," and of" Blue Lodges," these
were multiplied throughout the western counties
of that State, before any counter-movemei^from the
North. It was confident^ anticipated, that, by
the activity of these societies, and the interest of
slaveholders everywhere, with the advantage de-
S rived from the neighborhood of Missouri, and the
] influence of the Territorial Government, Slavery
| might be introduced into Kansas, quietly but
surely, without arousing a conflict—that the
crocodile egg might be stealthily dropped in the
sun-burnt soil, there to be hatched unobserved
until it sent forth its reptile monster.
But the conspiracy was unexpectedly balked
The debate, which convulsed Congress, had
stirred the whole country. Attention from all
sides was directed upon Kansas, which at once
became the favorite goal of emigration. The
Bill had loudly declared, that its object was " to
leave the people perfectly free to form and regu-
late their domestic institutions in their own way;"
and its supporters everywhere challenged the
determination of the question between Freedom
and Slavery by a competition of emigration.
Thus, while opening the Territory to Slavery,
the bill also opened it to emigrants from every
quarter, who might by their votes redress the
wrong. The populous North, stung by a sharp
sense of outrage, and inspired by a noble cause,
poured into the debatable land, and promised
soon to establish a supremacy of numbers there,
involving, of course, a just supremacy of Free-
dom.
Then was conceived the consummation of the
Crime against Kansas. What could not be ac-
complished peaceably, was to be accomplished
forcibly. The reptile monster, that could not be
quietly and securely hatched there, was to be
pushed full-grown into the Territory. All efforts
were now given to the dismal work of forcing
Slavery on Free Soil. In flagrant derogation
of the very Popular Sovereignty, whose name
helped to impose this Bill upon the country, the
atrocious object was now distinctly avowed.
And the avowal has been followed by the act.
Slavery has been forcibly introduced into Kan-
sas, and placed under the formal safeguards of
pretended law. How this was done, belongs to
the argument.
In depicting this consummation, the simplest
outline, without one word of color, will be best.
Whether regarded in its mass or its details, in its
origin or its result, it is all blackness, illumined
by nothing from itself, but only by the heroism
of the undaunted men and women, whom it en-
vironed. A plain statement of facts will be a
picture of fearful truth, which faithful history
will preserve in its darkest gallery. In the fore-
fround all will recognize a familiar character, in
imself a connecting link between the President
1 and the border ruffian—less conspicuous for abil-
; ity than for the exalted place he has occupied—
who once sat in the seat where you now sit, sir;
| where once sat John Adams and Thomas Jeffer-
son; also, where once sat Aaron Burr. I need
not add the name of David R. Atchison. You have
not forgotten that, at the session of Congress im-
mediately succeeding the Nebraska Bill, he came
tardily to his duty here, and then, after a short
time, disappeared. The secret has been long
since disclosed. Like Catiline, he stalked into
this Chamber, reeking with conspiracy—immo in
Senatum venit—and then like Catiline he skulked
' away—abiit, excessit, evasit, crupit—to join and
provoke the conspirators, who at a distance
awaited their congenial chief. Under the influ-
ence of his malign presence the Crime ripened to
its fatal fruits, while the similitude with Catiline
was again renewed in the sympathy, not even
concealed, which he found in the very Senate
itself, where, beyond even the Roman example,
a Senator has not hesitated to appear as his open
compurgator.
And now, as I proceed to show the way in
which this Territory was overrun and finally
subjugated to Slavery, I desire to remove in ad-
vance all question with regard to the authority on
which I rely. The evidence is secondary; brut it
