1268
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
tency, either physical or mental. If they found
a case where they believed the man was profes-
sionally incompetent, and if he was guilty of
crime that was alleged against him, stop the trial
there, because the tribunal is irresponsible, and
lias no means of getting responsible testimony;
transfer it back to the Department, and through the
Department to ajudicial inquiry. There is the
peryersion, there is the wrong, there is the mis-
chief.
Mr. MALLORY. Before my friend leaves
this branch of the subject, I wish to call his atten-
tion to the first section of the act, on which I
should like to hear his interpretation. It pro-
vides: *
" That as soon as practicable after the passage of this act,
the President of the United States shall cause a board of
naval officers to be assembled, to consist of five captains,
five commanders, and five lieutenants, which board, under
such regulations as the Secretary of the Navy may pre-
scribe, shall mike a careful examination into the efficiency
of the officers of the grades hereinafter mentioned, and
shall report to the Secretary of the Navy the names and
rank of al! officers of the said grades who, in the judgment
of said board, shall be incapable of performing piomptly
and efficiently all their duty both ashore and afloat.
I desire the honorable Senator's view of what
constitutes the efficiency of the officer, into which
this board should inquire.
Mr. MASON. I can see nothing in the lan-
guage of this statute which warranted the inter-
pretation put upon it by the Secretary of the Nary
and by the board—for I suppose the board took
the interpretation of the Secretary, authorizing
them to violate the plainest principle of common
law and common justice, by going into inquiries
affecting moral character, when they could not
have around them the restraints ana the guards
which are provided by the general laws for con-
ducting judicial inquiry.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend does not com-
prehend me exactly. If the law gave tlffe board
their authority, the law is its limit, and then, j
according to the Senator's view, the law is at I
fault. Then let him confine himself to the law
That determines what their duties were.
as it-is.
What were they to inquire into? The " efficiency"
of the officers. L suppose this efficiency to mean
to give effect to their duties. If efficiency did
imply necessarily good character, that a man must J
be honest or he could not give effect to his duties !
as a naval officer, they were constrained to exam- j
ine into it. If efficiency implies nothing like
moral qualification, they were not to examine into |
it. This is the question which I desire to hear j
the honorable Senator discuss. j
Mr. MASON. I understand the chairman to I
interpret the law thus: insomuch as the text
committed to this board a duty to inquire into j
"inefficiency" from any causes, they were there- I
by authorized to bring within their jurisdiction j
inefficiency resulting from mornl causes ! j
Mr. MALLORY. I understand the word j
"efficient" to imply, as a matter of course, the j
ygssession of sufficient moral character to give ;
effect to their public duties. j
33r, MASON. Then it is summed up in this: i
That in the opinion of the Senator—an opinion
which I have never controverted—an officer may
•Hot be efficient from causes affecting character,
and if so, it was competent for the board to in-
quire into them. I deny the conclusion. I say,
tnat it is utterly impossible that the Congress of
the United .States, or any other body of enlight-
ened men, could have created a board to try a
fellow-man on causes affecting his charactcr, on
crime, unless it threw around him the safeguards
which belong to judicial inquiry. It is a mis-
conception of the Jaw to extend its terms that far.
I agree with the Senator that a man who is de-
praved—if there be such in the Navy—or one of
bad moral character, of any kind or type, is not ji modore Parker. He has been placed on the fur-
a proper man to wear the epaulets of his coun- ji lough list; why, I do not know. But the Senator
try, and to bear its honor into foreign lands or atfrom Delaware. [Air. Claytos,] onaformer occa-
liome. I agree that it is a disqualification, that sion, road from a report of proceedings brought
it makes him inefficient; but I deny, and I say it i! before the Senate, 1 think at the instance of the
is impossible, that itcould over have been intended j; Senator from Texas, [Mr. Houston,] not as con-
as the sense of the legislative body to bring in;' nected with Commodore Parker at all, but as
one, far less the whole of the naval officers, under ;! connected with other officers, Messrs. Pender
sense, such a law has been passed by Congress,
I would demand, in the name of justice and right,
that it be repealed and blotted from your statute-
book, because it is an offense against justice and
against right, for which it is no vindication tosay
that at last the President may flo it without any
inquiry whatever.
It is right,perhaps,that I should say that some-
body—Ilknow not who—has placed on my table
a memorandum that Byrne and Hunter were re-
stored by General Jackson. I do not know any-
thing about the facts; but it is alleged that Byrne
and Hunter, who were spoken of by the Senator
from Delaware, were restored by General Jackson
—the same President who had removed them. I
suppose it could only have been because he was
conscious of having in the first place passed a
hasty judgment.
It remains, Mr. President, to inquire what is
to be done. The honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana [Mr. Benjamin] has asked whether it is
the purpose of those who oppose the legislation
proposed by the committee to restore back all this
corrupt mass, as he has styled it, to the public
service ? He used various terms characteristic of
crimes to which some portions of the disrated
officers were subjected. I regretted very much
to learn, even by intimation, that we could have
had in the public service for so long a period men
who could, even by possible suspicion, be sub-
jected to the class of crime and imputation used
by the honorable Senator in designating the body
of officers who would be restored if the law of
last year were repealed. It tends only still more
to illustrate the enormity of what has been done.
The Secretary of the Navy says in his letter that
it is not necessarily to be inferred that they were
degraded by being placed on the furlough list;
thus necessarily implying that the chances are
very large that everybody who is there was put
there for the purpose of degrading him.
Sir, what is required to be done is to redress
the wrong, the grievous wrong, which has been
inflicted or) any portion of these officers who are
not liable to the imputations which have been
thrown upon them. 1 suppose it is not to be pre-
sumed that all are liable to them, and yet they
are thrown and blended in a common mass, like
the receptacle of a jail made for the safe-keeping
of felons, of those who are under suspicion only,
and of those who are upon trial—all confounded
in one common mass,and told, " you must, each
man for himself, come out before the country
and prove that you are not subject to the impu-
tation."
I shall be pardoned for alluding to one misfor-
tune which has attended this whole debate. In
the course of it, Senators have taken up particular
cases of Captain A, Commander B, Lieutenant
C, and have gone into a discussion of their
character, some alleging that there are charges
against them which are true, others alleging that
the charges are not true. Thus it has resulted,
almost as a necessary incideut of the forms of
inquiry instituted by this board, that here in the
Senate, where approbation and disapprobation,
we are to presume, carries with it some weight,
at least before the country, the characters of hon-
orable men have been brought under discussion,
dissected, charges made against them, read against
them, placed on the archives against them, and
they either absent fiom the country or from the
ciiy, without having an opportunity of having a
woid said in their defense. This has been a
necessary consequence of this extraordinary
power assumed by the board, as I conceive, in
touil misinterpretation of the law vesting them
with authority. One was the case of an honored
and honorable officer from my own State, Com-
the jurisdiction of a tribunal to try them for char-
acter, and to inflict on them the consequences of
crime by depriving them of their commissions,
without throwing around'them all the safeguards
which belong to judicial inquiry. But if the Sen-
ator be right, and if, through any improvidence,
want of attention, want of thought, or want of
grast, Du Pont, and others, in which was con-
tained a letter /rom a certain Lieutenant May,
I obtained from the files of the Department, in
1 which May, an inferior officer in Commodore
! Parkers fleet, though not, 1 believe, on board his
; ship, charged him to the Navy Department with
I drunkenness. This letter was sent here with
others, properly by the Secretary of the Navy, I
presume, because it pertained to the subject of a
call made by the Senate. The Senator from Del-
aware took occasion to read it here, and to say
that he presumed this officerwould not be indebted
to his friends for making the defense, which
brought that charge before the country. The
charge was, by Lieutenant May, that Commodore
Parker, when he commanded the home squadron
in the West India seas, was habitually a drunkard.
Mr. President, look at it; see to what we are
brought by this course of extra-judicial inquiry*
see the wrongs, thegrievous, cruel wrongs, which
the Senate is called upon to inflict on honorable
men, and the families of these honorable menf
not intending it, not designing ii, but as apart
of the res gestce, as a part of the general subject.
This charge of Lieutenant May is brought out,
emblazoned in the documents of the Senate, a
charge from which the Commodore was so fully
vindicated at the Department, that a court was
never ordered upon him, nor the slightest account
ever taken of it. Mr. May had quarreled with
Captain Pendergrast, who, it seems, was the
executive officer of Commodore Parker's ship*
Lieutenant May was trying to induce Commo-
modore Parker to bring Pendergrast to trial, but
the Commodore not doing it, or not being very
eager to do it. May was induced to get at Pender-
grast by making this unfounded charge against
Commodore Parker, and he sent it to the Navy
Department. The Secretary very properly re-
ferred the letter to Commodore Parker, who gave
it a direct denial, and accompanied it by a letter
from Commander Pendergrast to the Secretary
of the Navy at the time, fully vindicating Com-
modore Parker from this charge now blazoned
against him in the Senate, to do its work of mis-
chief on him and those interested for him. The
Senator from Delaware alluded to it—I think read
it, but did not accompany it with the letter from
Captain Pendergrast, his executive officer, a gen-
tleman who was a member of this very board,
in which he says:
Washington City, July 31,1852r
Sir : In compliance with your request of yesterday, I have
the lionor to submit the following statement:
I commanded the Saranac steamer for thirteen months,
under Commodore Paiker, and during that time was a
messmate of his. This association ied to the most cordial
and affectionate regard for him personally, and impressed
me with the highest respect for him as an able and efficient
commander of asquadion. 1 have no hesitation in saying
that i have never known a sfjundron better managed than
the home squadion lias been by Commodore Parker; nor
have I known any one who lias acquitted himself better,
or who has made a more f.ivoiable impression on foreigners.
Commodore Parker had confided to him, during his com-
mand m the West Indies, many delicate and important
trusts; and m the discharge of Jus duties on those occasions
he displayed great jnogment and ability, and I have reason
to believe his conduct was cordially approved of by our
Government.
I have the honor to be, verv respectfully, your obedient
servant, G. J. PENDERGRAST, Commander.
Hon. John P. Kennedy,
Secretary of the Navy, Washington City.
That is the testimony borne towards Commo-
dore Parker by Captain Pendergrast,*who com-
manded his ship at the very time when he was
charged by his subordinate, Mr. May, with being
habitually drunk in his cabin, and incapable
of attending to his duties. That charge was
sent to the Navy Department, and there would
have rested forever (for the Department took no
account of it, they never brought him to trial;
it was dissipated by the denial of the commodore
and the letter of the executive officer) until, as
a necessary consequence of the extraordinary
loose mode of procedure in inquiring into char-
acter by this naval board, it has got before the
Senate, and has been sent to the world to stamp
him as a drunkard, and to leave the impression,
I presume, that he was placed on the furlough list
because he is of intemperate habits.
Mr. Presidenf, I do not* presume to judge for
| others; I do not know what impression these
I things make on the minds of other gentlemen;
| but I confcss that, so far a« I had any instrument-
| ality by voting for this statute in bringing about
■| the state of things which now exists in the Navy,
ji and destroying, and blighting, and humiliating
|i the character of honorable men, I take my full
|! share of the responsibility. I do not believe it is
,'j justified under the statute. I do not believe the
H act bears any such construction as was given to
j| it; I think there was a misconception, an unfor-
I1 tunate and a strong misconception of its intent*
