1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fel M
vote was taken on the Des Moines rapids im-
provement bill, returned with the President's ob-
jections, and the bill was lost. Several Senators
•were absent at the moment and had no opportu-
nity to record their votes. I voted against the
hill originally. I voted against it yesterday. I
mean to vote against it if it shall be reconsidered;
but I think it is just to Senators who were acci-
dentally absent fi om their seats, on a question of
this sort, that they should have an opportunity
of recording their votes. I have been appealed
to to move a reconsideration, that they may have
an opportunity to do so. 1 have weighed the
matter well in my own mind, and think it is
proper they should have that opportunity, and
with a view of giving it to them I move a recon-
sideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) That motion can only be enter-
tained by unanimous consent.
Mr. BROWN. It is a privileged motion. I
can make the motion at any time; but it cannot
come up at any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
will be entered.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. REID, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the me-
morial of the heirs of Isaac Shelby, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 458) pro-
viding payment for the revolutionary services
of Colonel Isaac Shelby; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. PUGH asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to bring m a bill (S. No. 459) to
authorize writs of error in all cases prosecuted
by indictment; which was read the first and
second times by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Barclay, Assistant Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills of
the Senate without amendment:
S. No. 111. An act providing for a necessary
increase and better organization of the medical
and hospital department of the Army.
S. No. 381. An act to amend the acts regu-
lating the fees, costs, and other judicial .expenses
of the Government in the States, Territories, and
District of Columbia, and for other purposes.
Also, that they had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (No. 398) to regulate the compensation of
members of Congress, -with amendments.
Also, that the House insisted on their disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
(H. R. No. 71) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the various Indian tribes for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1857, insisted on by the Senate;
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
appointed Mr. James H. Campbell, of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. James L. Orr, of South Carolina, and
Mr. Benjamin Pringle, of New York, the com-
mittee on their part.
Also, that the House insisted on their amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 202) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1857, and for other pur-
poses; and on their amendments to the amend-
ments of the Senate, disagreed to by the Senate;
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and ap-
pointed Mr. Howell Cobb, of Georgia, Mr. J.
11. Giddings, of Ohio, and Mr. J. C. Kt;';ki.v., of
Pennsylvania, the committee on their part.
WIDOW OF GENERAL HAMER.
Mr. PUGH. I ask the Senate to take up a
bill which was lost by an adjournment last week,
on an objection having been made by my friend
from Alabama, [Mr. Clay.] I have conferred
with tli.e Senator, and he has authorized me to
say he has no objection to it.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill (S.
No. 423) for the relief of Katherine M. Hamer,
widow of the iate General Thomas Ij. Hamer.
Mr. PUGH. The bill is on its third reading.
I ask consentofthe Senate to introduce an amend-
ment. The Senator from Alabama has agreed to
it. The amendment is, to strike out the words,
" one half the pay monthly to which her late
husband was entitled at the time of his death,"
and insert, " thirty dollars amonth." I find that
is according to precedent.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
201) making appropriations for certain civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1857; the pending question
being on Mr. Bayaku's amendment making an
appropriation for the new dome of the Capitol.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator fiom Delaware
is here, and doubtless wishes to be present when
the discussion of that subject will come up. If
it meets the concurrence of the Senate, I move
that we pass over that amendment informally,
and proceed to the consideration of others which
may be offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That course
will be pursued, if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none.
Mr. BROWN. I offer the following:
J1 :id he it further cnacted, That the Commissioner of the
General Land Otiice be. and lie is berebv, required to state
an account between the United States and the State of
Mississippi, lor the purpose of ascertaining what sum or
sums of money aie due to 'said State, heretofore unsettled,
on account of the public bind.-' in said State, and upon the
same principles of allowance and settlement as presented
ill the " Act to settle eeilain accounts between the United
States and the State of Alabama," approved the 2d Mareh,
I8r>5; and that he be required to include m satd account
the several leseivutions uudei the various treaties with the
Chickasaw and Choctaw Indians within the limits of Mis-
sissippi, and allow and pay to the said State five per centum
thereon, as in ease of other sales, estimating tile lands at
the value ol'Al Q5 per acre.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enaeted, That the said Oommis-
sionet shall also state ;m account between the United
States and each of the other States upon the same ptm-
eiples, and shall allow and pay to each State such amount
as shall thus be found due, estimating all lands and peima-
nent rcseivations at $1 2.) per acre.
That subject was closely examined by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands at this session. The.
Senate passed the bill unanimously. It went to
the House of Representatives, where, it was re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee—I believe as
enlightened a committee as any in the House.
They gave it, as they assure me, very close and
critical examination, and have been prepared for
months to report ii unanimously; but, under the
rules of the House, they have had no opportunity
to report it, and probably will have none during
the session. It is a matter of interest to my
State, and the other land States. This is the
reason why I move it as an amendment to this
bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is no measure which
has been presented to this Congress that is so
perfectly unjustifiable in principle, and so large
and outrageous in its results, as this. It has been
passed by the Senate, I believe, in another shape.
The object is, if 1 am not mistaken in the pro-
vision,"that whenever the Government has given
away lands, or reserved Indian lands, they must
pay a percentage to the States, as if they were
sold. Alabama gotit. That was an exceptional
case, and I believe that was the reason why the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] had a
scheme on hand to pay all the land States.
Mr. STUART. The Senator refers to a bill
in regard to which we had some conversation.
This is a different measure.
Mr. TOOMBS. I understand it is to give five
per centum on lands which were never sold.
Mr. STUART. Lands which the Government
appropriated to its own use for Indian reserva-
tions.
i Mr. TOOMBS. This is on the same principle.
I Alabama got this percentage for lands in the
! Creek reservation without one particle of right or
justice. Thatbad precedent passed, probably as
S this is about to pass, with half a dozen of us
j present.
] The agreement between the General Govern-
j ment and the new States was, that they should
1 have five per cent, on the proceeds of the lands
! which the Govermnent sold, for roads in •nnd
leading to the State. Now, it seems ffle Govern-
ment, in making treaties with the Indians^ or in
extinguishing the Indian titles, allowed them to
make reservations. The Governmentaieversold
those lands. In order to make treaties, at the
urgent request of Alabama and Mississippi, to re-
move the Indians west of the Mississippi river,
the Government agreed to allow the Indians reser-
vations. They come in now and ask for five per
cent, on all the lands the Government reserved in
this way, as though they were sold. Is not that
the object ?
Mr.' BROWN. I will explain when the Sen-
ator gets though.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to know now.
Mr. BROWN. When the State of Mississippi
came into the Union.it was under a compact with
the Federal Government that she was to have five
per cent, on the net proceeds of the sales Of the
public lands within her limits.
Mr. TOOMBS. The same thing is true of
every land State of the Union.
Mr. RR.OWN. She gave up her right to tax
the land for five years after it was sold. The
five per cent, was a consideration to the State for
not exercising the right of taxation. Now, if the
Federal Government had tbought proper to give
away every aero of public land in Mississippi to
the Indians and others, would the Senator from
Georgia insist that the State had been treated
fairly ? She parted with her right of taxation for
five years, under the compact, after the land was
sold, and then she was to have five per cent, of
the net proceeds. The Federal Government steps
in and makes a different disposition of the do-
main, by which, on a technical point, that the
lands were not absolutely sold but given away,
the State is to be deprived of her five per cent. If
she executes her part of the contract by not tax-
ing the lands, and the Federal Government fails
to"execute her contract by not selling them, ia
she not bound to indemnify the State? I insist
that good faith requires that the Federal Govern-
ment., having received from the State all the ad-
vantages to which the compact entitled her, is
bound to execute it on her part in good faith. If
slip can take one million acres of land, or half a
million, she can take the whole, and give it all
away on the same principle.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am not at all mistaken in
this scheme. Some of the land States have a grand
projet. They first vote bounty lands to soldiers;
then they ask us to pay them a percentage on
those lands, the same as if we sola them. The
compact with Mississippi and Alabama is iden-
tically the same compact made with Ohio in 1804,
and made with every new State from 1804 to 1850,
down to the last State that came in. The United
States gave away large bodies of lands for Indian
reservations and for military bounty lands. The
cotemporuneous exposition has followed the lan-
guage of the act. When the Government sold
her public laud, she gave five per centum on the
proceeds to the new States. If she choose to give
lands away for school or other purposes they
were not sales. The Government never agreed
to give, the States more than so much. In every
case they have had more. Five hundred thousand
acres have been given to each new State, since
the grant to Ohio m 1804, for internal improve-
ments.
Now, the proposition of the bill of the Senator
from Michigan is, that the new States shall have
a percentage on the value of all the lands donated
bv the Government for revolutionary soldiers, and
Mexican soldiers, and all other soldiers. My
country did me the tardy justice of paying mo
one hundred and sixty acres of land, which I
never got. Now it is proposed to charge the
United States five per centum on the value of all
such lands, computed at §1 25 an acre. I say it
is wrong in principle; it is atrocious; but, even
if it were right, it ought not to be put on an ap-
propnation bill. Let it be brought up fairly on
its own merits, and discussed. I have been ready
to discuss it for three months, but it has not been
brought forward.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator had listened to
what I said, he would have heard that the prop-
osition was reported by the Committee on Public
Lands as a separate bill, and passed by the Senate
three months ago.
Mr. TOOMBS; The Alabama bill was passed,
but not the rest, I think.
