1856.)
APPENDIX TO TUB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
is the best which, in the nature of tike case, can
bo had, and it is not less clear, direct, and peremp-
tory, than any bv which we are assured of the
campaigns in the Crimea or the fall of Sebastopol.
In its manifold mass, 1 confidently assert, that
it is such a body of evidence as the human mind
is not able to resist. It is found in the concurring
reports of the public press; in the letters of cor-
nvsiwmlents; in the testimony of travelers; and
in the unaffected story to which I have listened
front leading citizens, who, during this winter,
have "come flocking" here from that distant
Territory. It breaks forth in the irrepressible
outcry, reaching us from Kansas, in truthful
tones, which leave no ground of mistake. It ad-
dresses us in formal complaints, instinct with the
indignation of a people determined to be free, and
unimpeachable as the declarations of a murdered
man on his dying bed against his murderer. And
lot me add, tliat all this testimony finds an echo
in the very statute-book of the conspirators, and
also in language dropped from the President of
the United States. *
I begin with an admission firotn the President
himself, in whose sight the people of Kansas
have little favor. And yet, after arraigning the
innocent emigrants from the North, he was con-
strained to declare that their conduct was " far
from justifying the illegml and rtprtkenmbU coun-
ter-movement which ensued." Then, by the
reluctant admission of the Chief Magistrate, there
was a counter-movement, at once illegal and rep-
rehensible. I thank thee, President, for teaching
me these words; and I now put them in the front
of this exposition, as in themselves a confession.
Sir, this " illegal and reprehensible counter-
movement " is none other than the dreadful
Crime—under an apologetic alias—by which,
through successive invasions, Slavery has been
forcibly planted in this Territory.
Next to this Presidential admission must be
placed the details of the invasions, which I now
present as not only " illegal and reprehensible,"
but also unquestionable evidence of the resulting
Crime.
The violence, for some time threatened, broke
forth on the 29tli November, 1864, at the first
election of a Delegate to Congress, when com-
panies from Missouri, amounung to upwards of
one thousand, crossed into Kansas, and, with
force of arms, proceeded to vote for Mr. Whit-
field, the candidate of Slavery. An eye-witness,
General Pome'roy, of superior intelligence and
perfect integrity, thus describes this scene:
" The fiist ballot-box that was opened upon our virgin
coil was closed to us by overpowering numbers and impend-
ing force. So bold and reckless were our invaders, that
they caied not to conceal their attack. They came upon ub
not in the guise of voter*, to steal away our franchise, but
boldly and openly, to snatch it with a strong hand. Tbey
came directly from their own homes, and in compact and
orsanized tends, with arms in hand and provisions for the
expedition, marched to oar poll?, and when their work was
done, reamed whence they came."
Here was an outrage at which the coolest blood
of patriotism boils. Though, for various reasons
unnecessary to develop, the busy settlers allowed
the election to pass uncontested, still the means
employed were none the leas " illegal and repre-
hensible."
This infliction was a significant prelude to the
grand invasion of the 30th March, 1855, at the
■ election of the first Territorial Legislature under
the organic law, when an armed multitude from
Missouri entered the Territory, in larger numbers
than General Taylor commanded at Buena Vista,
or than General Jackson had within his lines at
New Orleans—larger far than our fathers rallied
on Bunker Hill. On they came as an " army with
banners," organized in companies, with officers,
munitions, tents, and provisions, as though march-
ing upon a foreign foe, and breathing loud-mouthed
threats that they would carry their purpose, if
need be, by the bowie-knife and revolver. Among
them, according to his own confession, was David
R. Atchison, belted with the vulgar arms of his
vulgar comrades. Arrived at their several desti-
nations on the night before the election, the
invaders pitched their tents, placed their sentries,
and waited for the coming day. The same trust-
worthy eye-witness, whom I have already quoted,
says, of one locality:
." Baggage-wagons were there, with arms and ammuni-
tion enough for a protracted fight, and among them two
brass field-pieces, ready charged. They came with drums
beating and flags dying, and their leaders were of the most
prominent and conspicuous men of their State."
Of another locality he says:
" The invaders came together in one armed and organ
lied body, with trains of iifty wagon?, besides horsemen,
and, the night before election, pitched their camp in the
vicinity of the polls; and, having appointed their own
judges in place of those who, from intimidation or other-
wise, foiled to attend, they voted without any proof of resi-
dence."
With this force they were able, on the suc-
ceeding day, in some places, to intimidate the
judges of elections; in others, to substitute judges
of their own appointment; in others, to wrest the
ballot-boxes from their rightful possessors, and
everywhere to exercise a complete control of the
election, and Urns, by a preternatural audacity
of usurpation, impose a Legislature upon the free
people of Kansas. Thus was conquered the
Sevastopol of that Territory!
But it was not enough to secure the Legisla-
ture. The election of a member of Congress re-
curred on the 2d October, 1855, and the same
foreigners, who had learned their strength, again
manifested it. Another invasion, iri controlling
numbers, came from Missouri, and once more
forcibly exercised the electoral franchise in Kan-
sas.
At last, in the latter days of November, 1855,
a storm, long brewing, burst upon the heads of
the devoted people. The ballot-boxes had been
violated, ana a Legislature installed, which had
proceeded to carry out the conspiracy of the
invaders; but the good people of the Territory,
born to freedom, and educated as American citi-
zens, showed no signs oT submission. Slavery,
though recognized by pretended law, was in
many places practically an outlaw. To the law-
less borderers, this was hard to bear; and, like the
Heathen of old, they raged, particularly against
the town of Lawrence, already known, by the
firmness of its principles and the character of its
citizens, as the citadel of the good cause. On this
account they threatened, in their peculiar lan-
guage, to " wipe it out." Soon the hostile power
was gathered for this purpose. The wickedness
of this invasion was enhanced by the way in
which it began. A citizen of Kansas, by the
name of Dow, was murdered by one of the par-
tisans of Slavery, under the name of " law and
order." Such an outrage naturally aroused in-
dignation and provoked threats. The professors
of " law and order" allowed the murderer to
escape; and, still further to illustrate the irony
of the name they assumed, seized the friend of the
murdered man, whose few neighbors soon rallied
for his rescue. This transaction, though totally
disregarded in its chief front of wickedness,
became the excuse for unprecedented excitement.
The weak Governor, with no faculty higher than
servility to Slavery—whom the President, in his
official delinquency, had appointed to a trust
worthy only of a well-balanced character—was
frightened from his propriety. By proclamation
he invoked the Territory. By telegraph he in-
voked the President. The Territory would not
respond to his senseless appeal. The President
was dumb; but the proclamation was circulated
throughout the border counties of Missouri; and 1
Platte, Clay, Carlisle, Sabine, Howard, and Jef-
ferson, each of them, contributed a volunteer
company, recruited from the road sides, and
armed with weapons which chance afforded—
known as the " shot-gun militia"—with a Mis-
souri officer as commissary general, dispensing
rations, and another Missouri officer as general-
in-chief; with two wagon loads of rifles, Delong-
ing to Missouri, drawn by six mules, from its
arsenal at Jefferson City; with seven pieces of
cannon, belonging to the United States, from its
arsenal at Liberty; and this formidable force,
amounting to at least 1,800 men, terrible with
threats, with oaths, and with whisky, crossed the
borders, and encamped in larger part at Wache-
rusa, over against the doomed town of Lawrence,
which was now threatened with destruction.
With these invaders was the Governor, who by
this act levied war upon the people he was sent
to protect. In camp with him was the original
Catiline of the conspiracy, while by his side was
the docile Chief Justice and the docile Judges, j
But this is not the first instance in which an I
unjust Governor has found tools where he ought
to "nave found justice. In the great impeachment
S of Warren Hastings, the British orator, by whom
it was conducted, exclaims, in words strictly
applicable to the misdeed I now arraign, " Had
he not the Chief Justice, the tamed and domes-
ticated Chief Justice, who waited on him like a
■ familiar spirit?" Thus was this invasion coun-
1 tenanced by those who should have stood in the
breach against it. For more than a week it con-
tinued, while deadly conflict seemed imminent.
I do not dwell on the heroism by yhich it was
encountered, or the mean retreat to which it was
compelled; for that is not necessary to exhibit
: the crime which you are to judge. But I cannot
' forbear to add other additional features, furnished
in the letter of a clergyman, written at the time,
who saw and was a part of what he describes:
] " Our citizens have been shot at, and in two instances tnur-
i dered, our houses invaded, hay-ricks burnt, corn and other
provisions plundered, cattle driven off, all communication
cut off between us and the States, wagons on the way to ua
with provisions stopped and plundered, and the driven
taken prisoners, and we in hourly expectation of an attack.
Nearly every man has been in arms tn the village. Fortifi-
cations have been thrown up, by incessant labor night and
day. The sound of the drum and the tramp of armed men
resounded through our streets, families fleeing with their
household goods for safety. Day before yesterday, the report
of cannon was heard at our house, from the direction of
Lecompton. Last Thursday, one of our neighbors—one of
the most peaceable and excellent of men, trom Ohio—on
his way home, was set upon by a gang of twelve men on
; horseback, and shot down. Over eight hundred men are
gathered under arms at Lawrence. As yet, no act of vio-
lence has been perpetrated by those on our side. iVo Moot
of retaliation stains our hands. We stand and are ready to
act purely in the defense of our homes and lives."
But the catalogue is not yet complete. On the
15th of December, when the people assembled to
vote on the Constitution then submitted for adop-
tion—only a few days after the Treaty of Peace
between the Governor on the one side and the town
of Lawrence on the other—another and fifth
irruption was made. But I leave all this untold.
Enough of these details has been given.
Five several times and more have these invaders
entered Kansas in armed array, and thus five sev-
eral times and more have they trampled upon the
organic law of the Territory. But tnese extraor-
dinary expeditions are simply the extraordinary
witnesses to successive uninterrupted violence.
They stand out conspicuous, but not alone. The
spirit of evil, in whicn they had their origin, Was
wakeful and incessant. From the beginning, it
hung upon the skirts of this interesting Territory,
harrowing its peace, disturbing its prosperity,
and keeping its inhabitants under the painral
alarms of war. Thus was all security of person,
of property, and of labor, overthrown; and when
I urge this incontrovertible fact, I set forth a
wrong which is small only by the side of the giant
wrong, for the consummation of which all thia
was done. Sir, what is man—what is govern-
ment—without security; in the absence of which,
nor man nor government can proceed in develop-
ment or enjoy the fruits of existence ? Without
security, Civilization is cramped and dwarfed.
Without security, there can be no true Freedom.
Nor shall I say too much, when I declare that
security, guarded of course by its offspring, Free-
dom, is the true end and aim of government. Of
this indispensable boon the people of Kansas have
thus far been despoiled—absolutely, totally. All
this is aggravated by the nature of their pursuits,
rendering them peculiarly sensitive to interrup-
tion, and at the same time attesting their inno-
cence . They are for the most part engaged in the
cultivation of the soil, which from time imme-
morial has been the sweet employment of undis-
turbed industry. Contented in the returns of
bounteous nature and the shade of his own trees,
the husbandman is not aggressive; accustomed
to produce, and not to destroy, he is essentially
peaceful, unless his home is invaded, when his
arm derives vigor from the soil he treads, and his
soul inspiration from the heavens beneath whose
[ canopy he daily toils. And such are the people
of Kansas, whose security has been overthrown,
j Scenes from which civilization averts her coun-
I tenance have been a part of their daily life. The
border incursions, which, in barbarous ages or
barbarous lands, have fretted and "harried" an
exposed people, have been here renewed, with
this peculiarity, that our border robbers do not
simply levy black mail and drive off a few cattle,
