1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
548
Clarendon's letter to me, suppressing only the
name of the party to whom it was written. My
letter, with its inclosure, came safely to hand
early in April, 1824; but for some reason which
has never been explained to me, the distinguished
Senator to whom it was sent did not deem it of
sufficient importance to be given to the public as
an antidote to the poison so extensively circulated
through the speech of General Cass."
The letter, it seems, was a kind of defensive
weapon, to be used only in the event of the in-
formation imparted by Mr. Orampton being shut
up in the breast or in the pigeon-holes of Mr.
Marcy. As our Secretary of State did not choose
to be used as a medium of communication, Lord
Clarendon has to fall back upon the letter written
to General Webb. I suppose the General thinks
the time has now come to show the relation which
subsisted between himself and Lord Clarendon.
Now, sir, this satisfactory and important letter,
thus denominated by General Webb, involving
perhaps the peace of the two countries, has been
snugly ensconced in the General's pocket for two
years. Intended to pour oil upon the troubled
waters, it has been kept from its proper work till
that breeze has passed by, and been succeeded by
another, and another still. Why it makes its
appearance now, when the transaction has almost
passed by, I do not know, and shall not stop to
inquire. General Webb continues:
" Since then General Ca.ss ha* made two other speeches,
insisting upon his enonenus conjunction of Lord Claren-
don's language in the House of Lords in January, 1854,
although he should have been informed by Mr. Mai cy that
Mr. Crampton had lead to him a dispatch from Lord Cla-
rendon fully and satisfactorily explaining hjs meaning in
using the language to which exception was taken."
I know nothing of the letter stated to have been
sent by Lord Clarendon to Mr. Crampton, and
of course nothing of its having been read to Mr.
Marcy. I never made an inquiry upon the sub-
ject. What General Webb means by saying that
Mr. Marcy should have communicated it to mc,
passes my comprehension. The letter, it will be
observed, was one to be read, not to be delivered;
and our Secretary of State would have been well
set to work to go round to Senators and others with
the voluntary information, that Mr. Crampton
had told him so and so, and read to him so and
so. It was not a subject for diplomatic commu-
nication. The offensive words were spoken in
au English legislative assembly, and words thus
spoken do not give to a foreign Government the
right to complain or to demand explanation. Mr.
Crampton, it is said, was authorized to read to
Mr. Marcy a disavowal by Lord Clarendon of
the offensive import of his words. The object,
by the statement of General Webb, was to allay
the public mind in the United States by showing
that no such designs as those intimated were in
agitation by France and England. And what
was Mr. Marcy to do if such a letter were read
to him? Go lound, as General Webb intimates
lie should have done, to mc and to others, to put
the matter right? Or, to borrow his idea, was the
antidote,,-to be made coextensive with the poison,
by publishing a statement in the Union, that Mr.
Crampton had called at the Department of State
and satisfactorily explained the offensive lan-
guage of Lord Clarendon? If he had submitted
to such an unworthy instrumentality, he would
little deserve the high estimation he enjoys. If
Lord Clarendon, acting for the British Cabinet,
desired that the people of this country should
correct any erroneous impressions they had re-
ceived from his language, it was for him to adopt
the proper means. Tt was for him to disavow
the imputations publicly, and in his own name,
and not seek shelter in a note to be privately read
to the Secretary of State, who could properly
make no use of it. He had more dignified func-
tions to fulfill than to be the private interpreter
of a foreign Government.
Mr. President, all this is but a poor excuse for
taking a very unwise course. For undertaking
to do badly what, to be acceptable, should have
been done frankly, fairly, and openly. Lord
Clarendon had his own remedy in his own hands.
The words which justly gave offense to this coun-
try, and whose obvious import he has since de-
nied, were spoken in the British House of Peers,
and from there went forth to the world. General
Webb himself admits in his first statement that
" the press, without distinction of party, applaud-
ed Gcnoral Case, denounced the alliance, and
called upon the Administration to beware of the
consequences." There could have been no such
union of sentiment if the language of Lord Clar-
endon did not fairly convey the views attributed
to him, and announced an ominous union between
France and England, hostile to this country.
What was the natural course for Lord Clarendon
to adopt ? He did not need the advice of General
Webb, able as it was. He did not need an inter-
view with Mr. Buchanan. He did not need the
intervention of Mr. Crampton, nor the e*r of Mr.
Marcy. His very position dictated his course.
To put himself* right, he should have gone to the
House of Peers, and there declare that he had
beenmisunderstood, and that he intended nothing
offensive to the United States, adding thereto his
actual views and intentions, as he has since
avowed them. That was the theater for his
explanation, as it was the theater of occurrcnces
which rendered an explanation necessary. Itisall
idle to maintain that a private dispatch to be read
to Mr. Marcy could be a satisfactory means of
quieting the public mind in this country. Can
any man allege the slightest reason why Lord
Clarendon did not rise in his place in the House
of Peers, and say that on such a day "I made a
declaration, which I find has proved, very unac-
ceptable to the people and Government of the
United States, in consequence of their attributing
to it views 1 never entertained, and I now dis-
avow the construction put upon it?" Instead of
doing so, Mr. Crampton got a letter, and Gen-
eral Webb solicits and obtains another. And
that is the noble conduct of Lord Clarendon!
But, besides this, it is obvious that Mr. Marcy
could not make himself the instrument of com-
munication with the public without acceding to
this denial of the designs of the French and
British Governments, or without expressing his
doubts upon the subject. I am sure he was not
prepared to do the former, and it may well be
that he did not wish publicly to do the latter.
No man who has heard the French and English
declarations I have just read, will say that they
are not pregnant with important consequences,
so far as the union they intimate and for the pur-
poses avowed can be important to our country.
Besides the united voice of the press here, the
Diario de la Marina, of January 28th, 1855, a
journal published at llavana, puts the same con-
struction upon the words of Lord Clarendon and
Louis Napoleon. Here is what it says:
" Now, there is no threat m this for whoever is willing
to respect the conservative punciples, the practice of which
redounds to universal advantage. But foi the advocates of
the celebrated Monroe doctrine, according to their last and
elastic interpretations, and for those who, m a different
scene, would wish to imitate the conduct of Russia, and
appropriate a whole continent without obstacle, there is
no doubt but that this European system must be exceed-
ingly disagreeable."
General Webb refers to some Senator to whom
he sent his letter, with the request that it might
be given to the public. Who he alludes to I do
not know. He adds:
" Under these circumstances T deemed it my duty, some
weeks since, when apprised that General Cass was about
to speak upon our relations with England, to place m his
hands the original letter from Lord Clarendon tome, accom-
panied with a request that he would at an early day give
his lordship the benefitof this very satisfactory evplanatiori,
so promptly made upon learning that his language in the
House of Lords had been nusundeistood. The distinguished
Senator from Michigan assured me that he would, on some
suitable occasion during the session, read Lord Clarendon's
letter to the Senate ; and X do not entertain a doubt that it
wasfojPintention so to do."
mTw, sir, I have no unkind word to say of
General Webb. I have none but friendly feel-
ings towards him. He has very unwisely, and
as I think uselessly, brought up this matter again,
when nothing called for its reexamination. I
can tell General Webb why I finally concluded
not to read Lord Clarendon's letter in the Senate,
as I thought at first I would do. I perceived on
reflection that I could not do so without saying
that the letter was a very inadequate explanation
under the circumstances in which Lord Claren-
don was placed, and stating what I have already
urged, that the course for him to pursue was to
make the disavowal in the same Chamber of
Peers where the words were spoken. And I did
not want to make Lord Clarendon's letter a vehi-
cle for the views which General Webb's state-
ment has rendered it necessary I should now make
to the Senate. I think this course will meet the
approval of the Senate.
There is another portion of General W-ebb's
letter to which I desire to call attention. He gives
a recapitulation of the injury done to Lord Clar-
endon in the Senate in the course of the discussion
which has taken place here upon the subject of
our relations with Great Britain. His fourth head
of injury done to his lordship is in these words:
"Fourthly^ with downright and intentional falsehood in
saying that'he had offered to submit the construction of the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty to arbitration, when, m fact, no such
offer had ever been made. General Cass's words were:
< Now, I pionounce every word of this declaration untrue,
and Lord Clarendon knew at the time there was not the
slightest foundation for it. It was intended to mislead.
Does any man on this floor, does any person within the
sound of my voice, believe for a moment that Lord Clar-
endon thought he was speaking the truth when he made
this speech ?'"
Now, every one who has not watched the prog-
ress of this discussion will be surprised to hear
me assert that I have said nothing—nothing at all
—to justify this statement. I never alluded in the
Senate, in the remotest degree, to the question of
arbitration. I read my speech over again this
morning, to be sure that I had made no mistake
on this point; and, to be more certain, I sent for
our reporter, Mr. Sutton, whose ability in his
profession and accuracy are favorably known to
all of us, in order-to compare my printed speech
with his notes, and I find that this statement is
scrupulously accurate.
On the day when General Webb attributes to
me these remarks with reference to the arbitra-
tion, the subject before the Senate was the recruit-
ing question; and I do not recollcct that any
Senator touched the former; I am certain I did
not; and my friend, the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Mason,] who sits beside me, will recollect
that I handed him a note, during the discussion,
bearing upon the recruiting matter. I am utterly
at a loss to conjecture how it happens that Gen-
eral Webb has quoted the paragraph referred to,
purporting to contain the very words I used in
reference to arbitration; and to make the matter
still worse, a little further m his statement ho
renews the subject again, averring that I said
what he had already charged me with saying:
" Charge number four is triumphantly refuted by the cor-
respondence sent to the Senate on Fiulay, wherein Mr.
Buchanan sustains Lord Claiendonm all he said m relation
to the offer to refer the question to the mediation of a
friendly Power. Who deceived or misled General Cass
into making the undignified and reprehensible assertions to
which he gave utterance on Monday last, it will become
his duty m self-vindication to explain to the Senate and
the country at an early day. That he was deceived, and
made the declaration in good faith, I do not for a moment
doubt."
There is no need of accepting the challenge of
General Webb, concerning the disclosure of the
name of the person who misled or deceived me.
As I was not misled nor deceived, nor made such
statement, I am not called upon to place any man
between me and difficulty. Mr. President, I can-
not account for this misunderstanding, arid must
leave General Webb to make his own explana-
tions.
What I did say of Lord Clarendon had refer-
ence to an entirely different subject to the recruit-
ing matter, and certainly, though the language is
strong, perhaps too strong, it is far short of the
offensive expressions charged upon me by Gen-
eral Webb. Here is what I said:
"Lord Clarendon's statement is, that on the breaking
out of the war, applications were made to join the British
Aimy in the Ea&t; <md then he saj? :
u In consequence of them, instiuctions were sent to the
Governor of Nova Scotia, to considei whether persons from
the United States, desirous of enhsung in the British s>er-
1 vice, could be received at Halifax."
' " Does one honorable Senator believe such a thing? Is
theiea man within the sound of my voice, Senator or
spectator, who believes that the British Government, with
• our law befoie them, eight months after the communication
of Mr. Marcy, wrote to the Governor of Nova Scotia to as-
i certain whether they could receive recruits from the United
| States?"
\ Now, sir, we all know the celebrated French
I distinction between language official and language
: confidential. How Lord Clarendon would recon-
I cile his declaration with the obvious purposes
i and course of the British Government, it is not
, for me to determine. I rejected indignantly the
: pretension that the British Government, after
; passing an act in the face of a stern opposition at
| home, and unacceptable to neutral Powers, pro-
l viding for raising recruits in foreign countries,
! had then applied to the Lieutenant Governor of
j Nova Scotia, to ascertain whether recruits from
i this country could be received there; and this,
