i
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
•week,as a matter of course the Kansas question
most go over still further.
There are several other ■very important bills
which, in my judgment, require the immediate
action of the Senate. If we make this bill the
special order of the day for one o'clock to-mor-
"vow, we can dispose of it certainly within the
week, which is highly desirable. The other ques-
tion in regard to the veto message can go over
until next week. I know of no pressing neces-
sity for its consideration at this time.
Let us go on, then, with the debate on the
naval bill, and dispose of that, so as to be ready
on Monday next to go on with the other import-
ant bills. 1 do not believe, myself, that any prac-
tical good whatever will result from the discus-
sion of the naval bill. I do not believe that we
shall be able to devise any remedy for the out-
rages which have been committed by the action
of the board; but, at all events, 1 desire the Senate
to dispose of it, in order that we may proceed to
the consideration of other, and far more important
public business.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not mean to debate
this question further, but I ask that my proposi-
tion now to take up the veto message be voted
on by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The first question wilt be
on postponing the further consideration of this
bill until one o'clock to-morrow, and making it
the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to reconsider the act to remove obstruc-
tions to navigation in the mouth of the Missis-
sippi river, at the Southwest Pass and Pass a
1'Outre, which had been returned by the President
of the United States to the Senate, in which it
originated, with his objections; the question being,
" Shall the bill pass, the President's objection to
tho contrary notwithstanding."
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 do not intend to detain
the Senate with any elaborate discussion of a
subject withwhic.h every member is so perfectly
familiar, and upon whie.lt tho mind of every one
is no doubt so thoroughly made up; but I cannot
allow the vote to be taken on a subject which is
so interesting to thp State which I represent, with-
out calling some attention to the very extraordi-
nary position assumed by the President of the
United Status.
It will be remembered, sir, that at the first ses-
sion of the Thirty-Third Congress a bill was
passed in a form similar to that which had pre-
viously been usual, providing for the improve-
ment of the rivers and harbors of the country.
Upon the passage of that bill it was returned by
tile President with his objections. It was nearly
at the close of tho session. It was returned on
the 4th of August, 1854, with a very short mes-
sage, m which the President told Congress:
u Ojt fcuei) an examination of thi* lull a-« it ha* lu:on in
my power to make. I iccogm/e in it < ertam piovis-ions. na-
tional in their e'taiactei, and u/i'Wi, if they stood alortc, it
would le compatible with mil convictions of public duty to at-
sent to ; hut. at tho same time, it <'mbi aces otbera which are
merely local, and jmt, in my judgment, wairanted by any
Kdfe or true construction of the Constitution."5
This was at the close of the session. The
President informed Congress that his objection
to the river and harbor bill was not the want of a
constitutional power to pass such a bill, but, on
the contrary, ho rccognizcd the constitutional
power; it was not the fact that the bill before him
did not contain objects intended for purposes that
might be considered entirely national m their
character,but because other appropriations were
included in the bill, which, in his judgment, were
merely local, and he stated to us therefore at the
time,distinctly,that if those appropriations which
were national in their character ""had been pre-
sented to him separate and apart, it would have
been compatible with his convictions of public
duty to assent to the bills. He, however, stated
that lie would at the session of Congress then
next ensuing, give fuller expression to'his views
upon the subject.
Accordingly, in January, 1855, he sent us a
^message reiterating this statement, and declar-
ing that he would sign bills for improvements
national in their character, and beting Congress
to put the bills for each appropriation and each
improvement separately before him, to the end
that he might exercise his discretion upon each
appropriation, and determine whether it was
merely local or national, in order that he might
approve of such as were national, and reject such
as were merely local. Here is his message. It
occupies some thirteen or fourteen pages. J do
not mean to review it; I do not mean to detain
the Senate by any elaborate discussion of it. I
only wish #to read two or three passages of the
message for the purpose of satisfying the Senate
that I do not misrepresent the President's views
as given to us, first on the spur of the moment
at the close of the first session of the last Con-
gress, and then, after mature deliberation during
the entire recess, at the beginning of the second
session of the same Congress. He says in this
message:
" Among the very earliest acts of the first session of
Congiess, was that for the establishment and suppoit of
light-houses, appioved by President Washington, 011 the
7th of August, 1789."
After enumerating the provisions of that act, he
goes on to say:
" It is a remarkable fact that, for a period of more than
thiity years after the adoption of the Constitution, all ap-
propriations of this class were confined, with scarcely an
apparent exception, to the construction of light-houses,
beacons, buoys, and public piers, and the stakage of chan-
nels ; to tender navigation ' safe and easy,' it is true, but
only by indicating to the navigator obstacles in his way,
not by removing those obstacles, nor in any respect changing,
artificially, the preexisting natuial condition of earth and
sea. It is obvioiib, however, that works of art foi the re-
moval of natuial impediments to navigation, oi to prevent
their formation, or lor supplying harbors where these do
not exi^t, are also means of rendering navigation safe and
ea?:y, and may, in supposable eases, be the most efficient,
as well as the most economical, of buchmeans."
He then proceeds to point out the fact that, for
a number of years, th ose measures were not taken.
After speaking of a system of light-houses and
beacons, he goes on to say:
" In accordance with long-established legislative usage,
Congress may construct light-houses and beacons, and
provide, as it does, other means? to prevent shipwrecks on
the coasts of the United States. But the Geneial Govern-
ment cannot go beyond this, and make improvements of
nvets and haibois of the natuic, and to the degree, of all
the piovistons of the bill of the last session of Congress."
Again, lie most clearly points out his opinion
of the constitutional power of Congress, when
fairly exercised, in its discretion, to provide for
appropriations for the improvement of rivers and
harbors, such as he considers national in their
character, but excluding the power of making the
same appropriations for purposes merely local.
He goes on to say that this power has been ex-
ercised under nearly every President since the
foundation of the Government; and adds:
a Hence the recognition, in the messages of Presidents
Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe, of the eminent desirable-
ness of such works, with admission that some of them
could lawfully ami should be conducted by the General
Government, hut with obvious unceitainty of opinion as to
the line betweqg Mich as arc constitutional and Mjch as are
| not; nuchas ought to leceivcappiopriations from Congress,
1 and such as ought to he conMjjned to private enterprise, or
tho iegifdation of tho sevnal States."
After sneaking of the legislation which extends
tho power of the courts of the United States,
exercising: admiralty jurisdiction, over certain
classes olvessels upon the northern lakes and the
navigable waters of the West, he further tells us:
Thus it appears that these piovisions of law, in effect,
prescribe conditions by which to deteumne whether any
waters ate public navisablo watois, tubjeet to the anthoiity
of the Federal Government. The conditions include all
vvatcis, whether salt or fiesli, and whether of sea, lake, or
liver, piovided they be capable of navigation by ve.-sels of
a eeitnin tonnage, and for commerce, either between the
United States and foreign coimtnes, or between any two or
more oi the States or Terntories of the Union. This ex-
cludes wafei wholly within any pmtieular State, and not
used as means of eommeicial communication with any
c.ther State, and subject to be improved or obstructed, at
will, by the Stale within which it may happen to be.
*• The constitutionality °f the^e provisions of the statute
lias been called in que^ion. Their constitutionality has
been maintained, however, by repeated decisions of the
Supieme Coui t of the United States, aad thexjare* therefore,
the law of the land by the concurrent ado} the legislative,
the executive, and tlie judicial departments of the Govern-
ment."
He goes on to show that General Jackson
endeavored to establish a rule by which to dis-
tinguish between national and merely local appro-
priations, by confining appropriations which he
considered national to places below ports of entry
or delivery established by law. The President
says, however, that:
u lie perceived, and of course admitted, that tho Consti-
tution, while conferring on the General Government some
power of action to render navigation safe and easy, had of
necessity left to Congress much of discretion in this matter.
He confided in the patriotism of Congress to exercise that
discretion wisely, not permitting liipiself to suppose it was
possible that a port of entry or delivery would ever be
established by law for the express and only purpose of
evading the Constitution."
Going on, he then proceeds to lay before Con-
gress the provisions which, in his estimation,
ought to be contained in bills of this character to
enable him to sign them; and he says to Congress
in the first place, iS I think that in every appro-
priation of this character which is subject to State
jurisdiction exclusively, the jurisdiction ought
to be ceded by the State to the General Govern-
ment;5' and the next condition which he places
is, that each appropriation be put in a separate
bill in order that the merits of one may not suf-
fice for the purpose of supplying the want of
merit in another. The last recommendation i&
in these words;
" There is another measure of precaution, in regard to
such appropiiations, which seems to me to be worthy of
the consideration of Congress. It is to make appropriation
for every work tn a separate bill, so that each one shall
stand on its own independent merits; and if it pass, shalB
do so under circumstances of legislative scrutiny, entitling
it to be regarded as of general interest, and a proper subject
of charge on the Treasury of the Union."
Now, sir, I shall not comment on these mes-
sages, but I leave it to the consideration, atten-
tion, and deliberate judgment of every member
of this body, whether the President of the United
States did riot invite us by his messages to pass
appropriations for works of national importance
in separate bills, and promise that if we should
do so he would sign them.
What have we done ? What is the particular
bill under consideration ? It is one which pro-
poses to appropriate $330,000 for removing ob-
structions to navigation in the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi river, at the Southwest Pass and Pass a
1'Outre. Tlie appropriation for the purpose was
contained in a separate bill as asked by the Pres-
ident. There was no granting of separate juris-
diction; because the State of Louisiana had no
jurisdiction over the bars in the Gulf, for the nav-
igation of the Mississippi river, under the treaty
of cession, and under the grant of the right to
the State of Louisiana to enter into the Union, was
preserved under the control of the General Gov-
ernment, and its free navigation declared to be
reserved forever sacred to the common use of all
the people of the United States. We have no
jurisdiction over it; we have been deprived of
jurisdiction over it by the laws which provide for
our admission into the Union. The Government
of the United States has the jurisdiction; the bili
is a separate one. The two conditions therefore
required by the President both concur. There
remains one other condition which he asked of
us in order to entitle us to expect his assent to
the bill when passed. This was, that the work
should not be merely a local improvement, but
one fairly national in its character—a work in
which the citizens of one State alone were not
exclusively interested, but in which the citizens
of the entire Confederacy, or of a large number
of States, might fairly be considered to have ail
interest.
What is the character of this work ? The
mouth of tlie Mississippt is the direct outlet, and
the only outlet furnished by nature for fourteen
States of this Confederacy, and five Terntories,
which contain an area sufficient for making
twenty-two more States of the size of New York.
The Mississippi river and its tributaries afford
the only outlet granted by nature for the com-
merce of one million five hundred and forty-three
thousand square miles. The entire area of all
the possessions of the United States is not twice
as much as this. The entire area is two millions
nine hundred and thirty-six thousand square
miles. The mouthof the Mississippi, therefore,is
a direct outlet for more than one half of the entire
area of the country, extending from 29° to 40°
north latitude, and in longitude from a degree or
two, or three, east of Washington to over forty
degrees west—nearly fifty degrees of longitude,
and twenty degrees of latitude. More than half
this area, I repeat, is drained by the Mississippi
river. More than half of this area has no outlet
to the commerce of the world, except that afforded
by the mouth of the Mississippi river; I speak,
of course, of natural outlets alone.
What is the population of this region, com-
pared with that of the Union ? The population
