544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March S.
too, with our law before them, for I have already
shown it was communicated by Mr. Marcy to
the French and British Governments soon after
the declaration of war. Such a representation is
buta continuation of that system of misrepresent-
ation winch has marked this attempt to violate
our laws and our neutral d-uties* No man can
read our statute upon this subject without know-
ing. that a person cannot be sent from the United
States to another country for the purpose of en-
listing without -a violation of our law. " If any
person," says the statute,44 shall, within the ter-
ritory of the United States, hire or retain any
berson to go beyond the limits of the United
{State's, with the intent to be enlisted in the service
of a foreign prince, he shall be deemed guilty of
a high misdemeanor."
Now, sir, did Lord Clarendon need the opinion
of the Lieutenant Governor of Nova. Scotia as to
whether such persons could be received there.
Let him believe it who can—lam not of the num-
ber. The whole course upon this recruiting mat-
ter is but another version of the old injunction,
get money, honestly if you can, but get money.
So the British Government say in effect to their
agents—get recruits in the United States, and
without violating the laws, if you can; but get
recruits in the United States, and don't be found
out. I shall not continue this subject; but no dis-
passionate man can review the proceedings with-
out being satisfied that the conduct of the British
Government has beenanything but friendly, and
its explanations anything but satisfactory.
CHEROKEE PENSIONS.
, Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred a joint resolution
declaring in what manner the pension laws for
the benefit of the Cherokee Indians shall be exe-
cuted, have instructed me to report it back, and
to move that the committee be discharged from
its further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RE1D. 1 move that the joint resolution
be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr, STUART. I should like to hear that
resolution read, in order that the Senate may see
what ground there is for referring it again.
Mr. REID. I will state,'for the information
of the Senator from Michigan, what I understand
to be the object of this johitresoluuou, which was
introduced by my colleague, [Mr. Biggs.] Un-
der an existing treaty and law, certain Cherokee
Indians, who were engaged m the war of 3812,
are entitled to be placed on the list of invalid pen-
sioners. The Commissioner of Pensions, I be-
lieve, has some difficulty m determining who is
the proper person to receive the pension when
the warrior who was the original pensioner is
dead; and it is necessary to pass a law designat-
ing the persons properly entitled to receive pen-
sions when the original pensioner is dead. That
is the intent of this resolution.
Mr. STUART. The only object I had in
calling for the reading of the resolution has been
effected by the statement made by the Senator
from North Carolina. When the report was made
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, I did not
understand that it was made because that commit-
tee thought the subject one not properly belonging
to them. I understand now, however, that the
ground on which the committee asked to be dis-
charged was, that the subject more properly be-
longed to the Committee on Pensions. My only
object was to prevent one committee from super-
vising the action of another. I have no objection
to the reference of the resolution.
_The joint resolution was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
SOUTHWESTERN AND MUSCOGEE RAILROAD
COMPANIES.
On motion by Mr. RUSK the joint resolution,
(S. R. No. 7.) reported from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, for the relief of
the Southwestern and Vluscogec Railroad Com-
panies, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Postmaster General
to correct an error in the bid of R. II. Cuyler, for
the president of the Southwestern and Muscogee
Railroad Compauies, on mail route 6303, by al-
lowing them $15,300 per annum for double daily
service, from the commencement of their service
to the expiration of the contract, or so long as
the New York and New Orleans mail may con-
tinue to be transported over that route.
Mr. RUSK. This resolution is intended to
correct what is clearly a mistake. There are two
railroad companies connected in the present con-
tract for the transportation of the mail on this
route; they are each about fifty-one miles in
length. The parties intended to bid separately
for each road; but, on an examination of the ad-
vertisement for the purpose of making their bids,
it was ascertained th^t the two roads were adver-
tised as one route—the Southwestern road and
the Muscogee road. The president of one of the
roads, as the agent of both, filled up the bid, sub-
mitted it to the Post Office Department, and pro-
posed to carry the mail at $20,400 for single daily
service, and for double daily service they intended
to insert $30,600; but in making out the latter
sum, for the double daily service, (it being a dis-
cretionary matter with the Postmaster General to
accept or not,) the sum of $15,600 was inserted.
That was evidently a mistake; because, t-.s a mat-
ter of course, no reasonable men would propose
to carry the mail twice daily for a less sum than
that for which they would carry it once daily;
but this is made very certain by the affidavit of
Mr. R. R. Cuyler, who is well known to most of
the committee, and whose statement I would take
without hesitation. He states that the mistake
occurred by the figures being made out for one
of the roads only. There was an additional prop-
osition, that, if the Department would transfer
the New York and New Orleans mail to that
route, they would then perform the service for
half the amount they had proposed. The Post-
master General accepted the bid, and transferred
the New York mail. /
This resolution, therefore, proposes to correct
the error, and they will then receive only $15,300
per mile for transportation of the double daily
mail service on this route. We have not only the
affidavit of Mr. Cuyler, a gentleman for whom I
have a high respect, but the facts which I have
stated are admitted by the Post Office Depart-
ment; and the only objection the Department has
had to correcting the error heretofore was, that
it had no authority by law to do so; and if it did
so in this case it might be called on to make sim-
ilar corrections in other cases. It was, therefore,
thought better to refer the matter to Congress.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. It was read the third time
and passed.
COST OF PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to correct an error in a resolution
which I introduced the other day at the instance
of the Committee on Printing. It was a resolu-
tion of inquiry to ascertain the cost of printing
for the Departments not done under the provis-
ions of the general printing law. I ask leave to
have the words " judicial and executive" stricken
out, so as to make the resolution read:
Resolved, That the different heads of Departments of the
Govoinrai'iit be duected to furm^h, tor Uie miormation of
the Senate, a statement of any and ail sums of money winch
have been p ud,or ayieed tube paid, for printing for each of
the seveial bureaus and offices of Mich Dcpauments, during
the year ending Deccnibciol, 18 )5, which has nor bt:en ex-
ecuted uudei the provisions of the actof 26th August, 1852,
regulating the puces of the public printing"
By unanimous consent, the proposed amgfod
merits were allowed to be made.
ADDITIONAL SLOOPS OF WAR
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, on Tuesday
last I gave notice that I should ask the Senate to-
day to take up for consideration the bill reported
by the Committee on Naval Affairs providing for
the construction of ten sloops of war. I post-
poned it until to-day, in consequence of objection
from the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
[Mr. Hunter,] who, having since examined the
subject, now withdraws his objection. I there-
fore ask the Senate to take up the bill now for
consideration.
The motion was agreed to;and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 119) to authorize the con-
struction of ten sloops of war. It proposes to
authorize the Secretary of the Navy to cause to
be constructed, at as early a day as practicable,
consistent with a due regard to economy and
efficiency, ten sloops of war, provided with screw
i amend
,V
propellers and properly armed and equipped for
service; the vessels and machinery to be built
either in the Government yards or by contract, as
the Secretary of the Navy may think most advis-
able. For this purpose $2 ,000,000 are proposed
to be appropriated.
Mr. MALLORY. I will simply inform the
Senate that the language of the bill is identical
with that of the bill passed some two years ago,
for the construction of six steam frigates. The
amount is less than one half of the estimate; but
the Secretary of the Navy conceives that the sum
proposed by this bill to be appropriated is as
much as ought to be appropriated now. I have
placed the sum in round figures in the bill, and I
believe it is less than one half the amount esti-
mated at the Department.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
inform me what is the estimate of the whole cost,
what is the size of the steamers, and whether
they are all to be uniform? What is to be the
average cost? If the amount now proposed be
less than one half the estimate, and if, as usual,
the estimates be less than the actual cost, I think
the ten war-steamers must cost ultimately as much
as $8,000,000.
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask the Secretary to
read the letter of the Secretary of the Navy on
that subject.
The Secretary read it as follows:
Navy Department, February 25, 1856.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the reccipt of
your communication of the 24th instant, in which you state
that, '* m view of the time which has elapsed since your
[my] recommendation forthe construction of beven sloops
wa" made, and of th^ present condition of the Navy with
lefeiotice to our merchant tonnage and the naval forces of
other Powers, it has occurred to the Naval Committee that
you [I] might deem it expedient to piovide tor a greater
numhei."
1 have ju*t had an interview with the chief of the Bureau
of Conduction, &e., relative to the condition of our pres-
ent sloop i of war and the want> of the service. This class
of vessels, diawing but little water and armed with the im-
proved battery of a few heavy guns, has of late grown much
upon the esteem of naval men. Since my communication
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, dated December 23,
1854, recommending seven steam sloops, we have lost the
Albany and the Poi poise. Several others have been con-
demned. After a careful inquiry into thenumbei and con-
dition of our sloops of war, I am clearly of opinion that it
will be judicious and prudent to order the construction of
ten sloops, m-tcad of seven. This opinion is not dictated
by our di tuibed relations with any foreign Power.
The chief of the Bureau of Construction, &e., has made
an estimate of the cost of vessels of the class proposed. His
opinion u, that each will cost $507,000 completed—equip-
ment and machinery.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient
servant, J. O. DOBBIN.
Hon. Stephen R. Mallory, Chairman of the Naval Com-
mittce, United States Senate.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 wish to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, if these
vessels are in addition to the six war steamers
ordered to be cons*ructcd by the last Congress?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to strikeout "ten,"
and insert" seven "as the number of steam sloops
to be now constructed, so as to bring it back to
the original estimate. I have no idea that we
shall have a war.
Mr. MALLORY. I will ask my friend from
Mississippi [Mr. Adams] whether he heard the
letter of the Secretary of the Navy read, giving
as a reason for the increase that, since he rccom-
mended the construction of seven sloops of war,
two years ago, two of our old sloops have been
lost, and some others condemned. This propo-
sition to increase the number is altogether irre-
spective of any war feeling.
Mr. ADAMS. I have noticed what the gen-
tleman alludes to: but I am inclined to think that,
if we should lose the remainder of these old ves-
sels, no injury would result to the service—not
the least in the world.
Mr. YULEE. I wish to inquire of my col-
league, the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, what is the cost of keeping aflo.it and in
service a steam sloop of war for a year?
Mr. MALLORY. We have no steam sloops
of war in our Navy. I know of nothing that
deserves the name. I am unable, therefore, to
make any statement which can be relied on as to
the expense.
Mr. YULEE. Can you not judge by the ex-
pense of maintaining in service other steam
vessels ?
Mr. MALLORY. I cannot give any informa-
