THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 16, 1856.
New Series. .. .No. 135.
United States can be. The settlement of the
State is the primary object of both. * would be
very glad to give away to every actual settler'a
quarter section of land, and yield all claim to the
five percent, fund, because the State would receive
an immediate and great benefit, and the more the
United States reduce the prices of their lands on
sale, the more immediately and rapidly is the State
benefited. But what we are talking about in
this proposition is reserving land from sale en-
tirely and in perpetuity, and refusing to allow the
five per cent.
This is called now an outrageous proposition;
and, in order to make it outrageous, the Senator
from Georgia has to fix on th e new States that prop-
osition which the Senator from Pennsylvania [Air.
Brodhead] boasted the old States had forced on
us, by which he said the old States had got indi-
rectly their share in the distribution of the public
lands. He called on Senators over and over again
to vote for his bounty land law, because it was an
indirect distribution of the public lands among
the States. We cannot have the fne percent, on
reservations permanently made; and the Senator
from Georgia, in order to make out tins proposi-
tion to be monstrous, charges the now States with
that scheme, though they resisted it to the death,
and resisted it all the time. In order to excuse
those who went for it, the President among the
rest, I repeat—and I intend to repeat itas often as
I get the opportunity—they put.it on the ground
that there was a consideration for it—that it was
not a donation, that it was a disposition of the
lands by a sale—that you had got an equivalent
out of those who served their country, although
you were not only giving lands to him who served
and fought, but to him who ran away,—all got it.
You said you had received your consideration for
it. You said it was constitutional for that reason,
but would be utterly unconstitutional on any other
ground. Yet, when you want to make out an
argument against the land States, you turn round
and tell us it is a gift! These gentlemen must
hangup their argument on one horn of the dilemma
or the other. Either their bounty land was for a
consideration, or, according to their doctiine, it
was unconstitutional—one of the two.
I do not like this see-saw argument that meets
us here at every step. After taking our land
under the bounty land law, and putting it into
the hands of speculators; and in the next place,
after insisting on keeping Indians on the land per-
manently, you turn round and tell us we have
had a benefit by the bounty land law ! It is de-
structive to us m both ways. This proposition does
not involve the question of bounty land at all; it
simply applies to permanent Indian reservations.
But will you tell me that, when the United States
put it out of their power to sell their lands by-
making Indian reservations permanent, that it is
not equivalentto a sale ? Why, sir, do the United
States hold the power, under the compact, to turn
round and say the land shall be kept out of the
market forever? Does anybody pretend that!
Gentlemen must pretend that, and they must sat-
isfy the country that it is a right pretension, or
else they cannot maintain their argument.
Air. HUNTER. Air. President, f merely want
to ask two questions m regard to this bill. If every
act of legislation before the Senate, which is as
much entitled to go on an appropriation bill as
this is, should be sought to be put upon it, and if
all the debates which might legitimately arise on
such acts are to be had on this amendment, how
long will it take us to get through with this bill?
Will it be possible for us to get through with it
by Monday ? Suppose we take all the bills before
the Senate, and which are as much entitled to be
put on an appropriation bill as this one, and offer
them as amendments, and debate them to the
extent to which the merits of the question may
entitle them, is it not manifest that we cannot pass
the appropriation bills and close the session at the
time we have appointed ? The only chance to get
through with the business is for' the Senate to
vote down all such propositions, whether they
are meritorious or not. i have not time to inves-
135 ■
tigate this question, which is a new one to me,
on an appropriation bill; but I should vote it away
from here as not appropriate to this bill. If we
only treat similar amendments in this way we
shall get along; otherwise, I do not know where
this bill is to end. The only means to terminate
it will be to wear down the patience and physical
strength of the Senate, so that they will vote for
anything rather than be kept here any longer.
These are the only means which are leftns, unless
the Senate will exercise some discretion in regard
to this legislation.
Air. BROWN. T wish (he vigilant chairman
of the Committee on Finance had raised this
question a little earlier on other matters which
nave gone on the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. Did I not raise the question
on the California war debt amendment and others?
I was not sustained by the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator raised it very
feebly, with none of his earnest appeals to vote
down the measure because there was no time to
consider it. How long do Senators desire to con-
sider a measure after it has been here on a report
of a committee for months, and passed the Senate?
The same bill passed the Senate Inst session,and
time and again. Why, sir, we might not do any-
thing if we were to wait until every Senator ex-
amined every measure and decided whether it
was right or not. 1 know this amendment is as
legitimate to tins bill as other propositions which
have been inserted in the bill, it is not a private
claim, but the claim of a State, and a meritorious
one. 1 hope it will be adopted.
Air. ADAMS. ]t is not my habit to detain
the Senate on appropriation bJis, and I will not.
detain the Semite more time, a very few moments
on this question. It has been denounced by the
Senator from Georgia as an iniquitous and unjust
chum. If [ hud time to investigate this subject
and bring it to the attention of the Senate, [ tlnnk
I could show, beyond the possibility of doubt, to
every man who has not already mad" tip his
mind, that if there he injusl^e done anywheie, u
has been on the part of the Federal (Jovermnent,
and that theie i<s no injuMj.ee in this claim.
I will not detain the Senate by ^oina: into an
argument, but I will simply call attention to the
facts of this ease. As has already been stated by
the Senator from Michigan, when the State of
Mississippi came into the Federal Union, it was
agreed, in the compact between hernial the United
States, that the State would never tax any por-
tion of the lands of the United States so long as
the lands belonged to the United States. The
United States then owned all the lands except that
portion occupied by the Indians, who had the usu-
fruct and were allowed to occupy the land as long
as the Government thought proper—the Federal
Government binding itself, whenever it could be
properly done, to extinguish the Indian title.
The Senator from Geoigia is wholly mistaken
in his supposition that the Federal Government
has given these lands to the Jntbany. We have
not given them to the Indians, but sold them to
the Indians for a considmation—a consideration
equal to what the State of Mississippi seeks now
to charge the Federal Government wall. By treaty
with the Indians it was agreed to buy from th"M
their right to th: occupancy of surh potions c*
they chose to abandon. In violation of the com-
pact with the State of Mississippi, the Fedcial
Government mode a contract with the irtmans
that they might take a fee-simple title to certain
portions of land, which the Ft deral Government
was bound to extinguish and sell. That i.s not a
sale for dollars and emits; but if the Indians had
not received that land m lieu of dollars and cents,
the Federal Government would have had to pay
them dollars and cems for further reservations.
They satisfied them by conveying to the Indians
a fee-simple title.
The Government was bound to extinguish the
Indian title, and bound by compact to pay ii\ e per
cent, of the.proceeds of the lands as a considera-
tion to the State for never taxing the tends while
she held the and as an inducement to
I purchasers not to tax them for five years after the
| Government sale. The Government has parted
i with the fee-simple of the lands she then held,
| for a consideration. We cannot ascertain the
| precise value of the land, but assume it at $1 25
j an acre. The Indians sold the land for more than
1 that amount. It was worth more.
| These are the whole facts of the case. We are
merely asking the Government to comply with
i its contract; and every man who votes against it
votes for the repudiation of the contract of the
Federal Government; it is nothing less. The
Senator from Georgia may denounce the prop-
osition as unjust, but, in my humble judgment,
it is exactly the contrary. 1 do not speak as he
! does, and say the thing is so, or not so; I only
' give my opinion. My declaration does not make
: it more true than the gentleman assuming on the
j other side that the State of Mississippi is asking
! that to which she is not entitled. If she is not
| entitled to it by her compact with the Federal
! Government, she does notwant it, or ask it at the
; hands ol this Government. If she is entitled to it,
; and has been kept out of it fifteen or twenty years,
: she asks for it now. Gentlemen may think it is
i not proper, on this bill, to provide for paying the
i debts of the Government; but I suppose it is
always proper, on the appropriation bills, to pro-
1 vide for paying the expenses of the Government.
Air. TOOMBS. The Senator from Michigan
; set out with the declaration that he would show
: me that my facts and arguments were wrong, and
! not tenable. I do not know that we differ in a
single fact. I say the construction of this clause
of the compact with the new States, as applied
to every one of them, from Ohio down to the last,
has been uniform and consistent for fifty years.
The interpretation has been, that, on the proceeds
of all lands sold, the new States were entitled to
five per cent.; but wc have never regaided the
givingaway of lands as a sale. This proposi-
i tion, m my opinion, has not a leg to stand upon,
• except the unjust cupidity of the new States who
! chum it.
; Mr. CLAYTON. I should be very glad to
; have more time to understand this proposition,
j From what I have heard in regard to it, it does
| nut strike me unfavorably. We have heretofore
1 passed a law in favor of Alabama, and it is pro-
posed to extend the same provisions to other
States. There is assuredly good reason for it,
unless there was something wrong in the Ala-
bama act. 1 concur with the views expressed by
the honorable Senator from Virginia; it is a ditfi-
cult tlimg; to understand this amendment in all
itM bearings on the short notice given to us. I
find, however, from the brief examination I have
been able to give the subject, that this amendment
proposes to extend to Mississippi the same been
elks and advantages which were conferred on the
State of Alabama by an act approved March 2,
J&>5. If what is contained in tnat law be right,
1 certainly stand willing to grant to Alississippi
everything that has been granted to Alabama;
but, on the brief examination that I have been
a b!e to give to the subject, I do no.t feel sure that
that was right. I know not under what circum-
stances that act passed. The whole question is,
what were the terms under which five per cent,
of the net proceeds of the public lands was re-
served to the new States ? The provision has not
been read. I will take the case of Alabama for
instance, (and I believe the same language is used
in all,) and read the provision in the Alabama
act:
I '-That live-per cent, of the not proceeds of the lands
l\m<* within the said Temtory, and which shall be soid by
: Co'iicre-- iiom and alV'i the Hi day of December, 18)9,
after deducting tho expenses incident to such sale, shall
be R>e; vcd. three fifths tor making public roadn and canals
jt:\-aid Huite. under thrdiieenouoL tite Legislature thereof,
and two fifth*. lor making a road 01 ruad^ leading to said
State, under the directum of Con-ne^."
The only question which strikes me as arising
here is, are these grants, if you please to call
them so, or these cessions, which" have been re-
ferred to, adequate sales within the meaning of
this ehu :e of the ac:5 I will take the case now
