1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
im
of the Gulf of Mexico and the Mississippi valley
in 1850, was ten millions three hundred and forty-
four thousand—about two fifths or more than two
fifths of the entire population of the Union.
If, therefore, extent of area—if a vast network
of interests in all sections of the country extend-
ing through numerous degrees of latitude and
longitude, and across the surfaces of a large num-
ber of States and Territories, if vast commercial
interests and a large amount of population suf-
fice to constitute and make a work national in its
character, then I say that this work, the appro-
priation for which the President has vetoed, is
eminently national.
But, sir, 1 have not yet characterized this work
by a statement of facts which exhibits its true
nature, or more than half its real importance, lor
1 have confined what I have said exclusively to
the outlet provided by nature for this vast area.
I have'not yetsaid one word of the enormous in-
terests which every State upon the Atlantic sea-
board has in a free and uninterrupted communi-
cation through the mouth ofthe Mississippi river,
and by this stream with those States which have
been created in the valley of that river and its
tributaries. If you add those States as being in-
terested, as they unquestionably are, .in this im-
provement, I think no gentleman on this floor will
find it ati easy matter to point out a single State
in the Confederacy which has not a direct and
large interest in having this appropriation carried
out to a successful result.
Then, sir, if every man in the United States,
so to speak, is as much interested in this improve-
ment as he can be in any improvement; if vast
wealth, vast areas of country, and vast numbers
of persons, are interested in it; and it it not only
combines these interests as regards numbers and ;
extent, but also embraces a large number of sov- :
ereigntics, who by the Constitution are incompe- i
tent to agree together for the purpose of carrying ;
it out by their own combined exertions—1 say if
this be the case, no work can possibly be sug- !
gested, by any member of the Semite, more emi-
nently national than this. That being so, looking |
at the former messages of the President of the
UnTted States as promising us that, on the pas-
sage of a bill of this kind, it would meet his ap-
probation—and I could read his messages in no
other view, and give to them no other construc-
tion—I felt that when this bill was passed through
both Houses, a great boon was conferred by Con-
gress, not only oil their general constituency
throughout the United States, butespecially upon
the constituency which I represent with my hon-
ored colleague.
It never entered into my head, a member ofthe
Committee on Commerce, having had these mes-
sages before us, shaping our legislation expressly
with a view of meeting the President's constitu-
tional scruples, as stated by himself, that when
the bills had been framed in such a manner as to
meet those views as communicated by him to
Congress in special messages, there could be
any doubt of his signing bills so prepared and so
I find, upon reference to the message sent to us
a few days ago, that the President has changed
his entire principles upon the subject. His whole
ground is changed. He withdraws everything
that lie told us before, and he tells us in regard
to this bill, which he sends back now, and which
he does notquestion as being a national bill—this
bill which he sends back now, to which he makes
no objection as being connected with other im-
proverxients that he cannot approve—this bill
which he sends back now, and in relation to which
there is no difficulty about jurisdiction;—that now
his objections apply to " a system of internal
improvements, whether they consist of works on
land or in navigable waters, cither on the sea-
coast or the interior lakes and rivers." Here
the question is presented to the Congress of the
United States. We are informed by the Presi-
dent that under no circumstances, with no merit
of application, can he sign a bill for any work of
improvement on any river or harbor, whether on
the Atlantic coast, on the northern lakes, or on
:the rivers of the country.
I believe, sir, that the deliberate judgment of
the American people is against that of the Fres-
ident of the United States. I am sure that the
message which the President has now sent to us
entirely subverts all the propositions contained
in his former messages. I shall say nothing
further. I mean to make no argument on the
question. I only wished to put in bold relief
before the Senate and the country these contra-
dictions in the executive communications, in
order that eacli gentleman present may give his
vote understandmgly so far as executive action
is concerned, as I am perfectly aware that he will
do it understanding^ as regards the merits of the
system of the improvement of rivers and harbors.
Upon that, I expect to persuade no one; and I
do not think that any argument which I am likely
to hear will persuade me.
My intention has been simply to put before the
Senate and the country the inconsistent action
and principles of these messages of the President
of the United States, to expose to the country the ;
change which it is now evident has come over his
opinions, whilst at the same time, without stating j
them to be changes, he, in his last message, !
refers us to his former messages as being entirely
in conformity with the one which is now before
us—the former messages being, as I have shown
the Senate, m exact opposition. 1 must beg leave
to read once more the passage of the original mes-
sage which sent back the general bill:
" / recognize in it certain provisions, national in their
character, u-hlch. if they stood alone, it would be compatible
with my convictions of public duty to assent to."
Mr. TOOMBS. Very highly approving, sir,
the intrepid fidelity of the President of the United
States to the Constitution and to justice, in his
messages returning these bills, I desire, though I
am aware that probably it will not be of much
service to this body, to be heard at length in de-
fense of the course which the President has taken.
As the hour is now late, 1 shall not proceed to-
day, unless that be the disposition of the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. As it is desirable to have an
executive session, I will, with the consent ot the
Senator from Georgia, move to postpone the far-
ther consideration of this subject until to-morrow
at one o'clock, and make it the special order for
that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were i
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
weuk-EbUAY, May 21, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daxiel W w.no.
The Joui nal of yesterday was read and appro ved.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the consideration ot the motion to
recommit House bill No. 326, granting public
lands to the Stale of Wisconsin to aid m the con-
struction of railroads m said State, to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
amendment of the rui.es.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I propose to offer an
amendment to the rules of the House; and I
simply desire this morning to give notice that 1
shall ask the unanimous consent ol the House
to-morrow, to permit me to oiler tnisamendment
.1 1,^ T 11n u in nrrlf.r that, the amendment
to the rules. I do it in order tnat the amendment
which I propose may be published in our pro-
ceedings of to-day, and that members may see
what change I propose to have made.
The proposition was read as follows:
Resolved, That tlie 50th rule of tlie House be amended
so at? to lead a* follows.:
The prpvious question shall be m this fonn : *• khan tne
main question be now putand jf sustained by a majority
ot' the members present, us eflcets shall be to put an end .
to all debate, and bring the flou^e to a direct vote upon a [
motion to commit—if such motion shall have been made; ,
and if this motion does not prevail, then upon amendments |
reported by a committee, if any; then upon pending amend- l
menti; and then upon the main question. If a majontyot i
the members present refuse to order the main question, the ,
House shall proceed with the consideration ol the subject
as though 110 motion for the previous question had been ,
made. On a motion for the previous question, a call or tne
House shall be in order before the vote is taken on oidemig
the main question. • J
Mr. COBB. If the House will permit me, I j
will state that the whole object of this amendment j
to the rules, is to dispense with this seconding j
the previous question, and to make the refusal of.!
the House to order the main question to be now
put, the same as the failure now of the second; It
is to dispense with that useless incumbrance, as I
deem it. 'I will not ask the House n"o#ttfppnniy •
statement of this rule, to allow me to introduce
it; but I give notice, that to-morrow, or as isdon
as I can get the floor, I will ask the unanimous
consent of the House to introduce this amendment;
and I request that gentlemen will compare the
amendment as I have drawn it up, with the rule
as it now stands, and they will see that a good
object will be accomplished by the amendment.
'Mr. CLINGMAN. If the House give consent
to the gentleman from Georgia to introduce a
motion to amend the rules, I desire also to give a
like notice of a motion to amend the rules with
reference to the mode of calling, the committees
during the morning hour. I hope that no objec-
tion will be offered to the resolution. I have not
written it yet, but I desire to offer it to the House
some time or other. It will be, to amend so much
of the rules as regulates the manner of calling
committees for reports in the morning hour.
introduction of bills.
Mr. DENVER, by unanimous consent, in pur-
suance of previous notice, introduced the follow-
ing bills; which were severally read a first and
second time, and referred as indicated below:
A bill to provide for holding the courts of the
United States in the State of California, in case
of the sickness or other disability of the judges
of the district courts. Referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
A bill to«change the eastern boundary of the
State of California. Referred to the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suggest to the
House, that for half an hour the committees may
be called for reports in cases where there will be
no objection, merely to get the bills out of their
hands.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I object.
Ml-. SMITH. Then I ask leave to report a
few bills from the Committee of Claims.
There being no objection, the following bills
were reported back by Mr. S. from the Commit-
tee of Claims, and referred to a Committee ofthe
Whole House:
An act (S. No. 234) for the relief of Elizabeth
V. Lomax, only surviving child of Captain Wil-
liam Lindsay, of the Revolution; and
An act (S. No. 228) for the relief of the heirs of
Samuel Scott.
Mr. BENNETT. I am perfectly willing to
have a call of committees for reports, provided it
is done by unanimous consent, and is not to come
out of the morning hour.
Mr. CLINGMAN- I object.to it, unless it is
to come out of the morning hour.
resolutions of the ohio' legislature.
Mr. SAPP, by unanimous consent, presented
joint resolutions of the Legislature of Ohio, on
the following subjects; which were severally dis-
posed of as indicated beloty, and ordered to be
printed:
Joint resolution in favor of the, improvement
of the Ohio river. Referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Joint resolution in favor of the improvement
of the harbors on the northern lakes. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Joint resolution in favor of the construction of
a Pacific railroad. Referred to the select com-
mittee on that subject.
Joint resolution relative to granting to soldiers
in the war of 1812, and to certain soldiers m the.
Indian wars, the same pensions that were granted
to soldiers of the revolutionary war. Referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs,
Joint resolution relative to the fugitive slave
law. Laid on the table.
introduction of bill.
Mr. WALKER, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a
bill to construe certain acts granting lands to cer-
tain railroads; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. ,
Mr. BILLINGHURST. I ask leave to intro-
duce a joint resolution relative to the payment ot
the five per cent. otTthe net proceeds on the sale
of the public lands, to the State of Wisconsin.
