1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
▼ania, at the end of April, 1855, and immediately
afterwards published in the Washington Union-
Here it is:
«was indeed too true that Kansas had been invaded,
conquered, subjugated, by an armed force from beyond her
borders, led on by a fanatical spirit, trampling under foot
the principles of the Kansas bill and the right of suffrage."
10. And in similar harmony is the complaint
of the people of Kansas, in & public meeting at Big
Springs, on the 5th September, 1855, embodied
in these words:
" Resolved, That the body of men who for the last two
months have been passing laws for the people of our Ter-
ritory, moved, counseled, and dictated to by the dema-
gogues of Missouri, are to us a foreign body, representing
only the lawless invaders who elected them, and not the
people of the Territory—that we repudiate their action, as
the monstrous consummation of an act of violence, usurpa-
tion, and fraud unparalleled in the history of the Union,,and
worthy only of men unfitted for the duties and regardless
of the responsibilities of Republicans."
11. And finally, by the official minutes, which
have been laid on our table by the President, the
invasion, which ended in the Usurpation, is
clearly established; but the effect of this testimony
has been so amply exposed by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] in his able and inde-
fatigable argument, that I content myself with
simply referring to it.
On this cumulative, irresistible evidence, in con-
currence with the antecedent history, I rest. And
yet Senators here have argued that this cannot
Be so—precisely as the conspiracy of Catiline
was doubted in the Roman Senate. .Aon nulli
sunt in hoc or dine, qui aut ea, quae imminent non
vide ant; aut ea, qua vident, dissimulent; qui spem
CatiUme mollibus sentcntiis aluervnt, conjuratio-
nemque nascentem non credendo corroboraverunt.
As 1 listened to the Senator from Illinois, while
he painfully strove to show that there was no
Usurpation, I was reminded of the effort by a
distinguished logician, in a much-admired argu-
ment, to prove that Napoleon Bonaparte never
existed. And permit me to say, that the fact of
his existence is not placed more completely above
doubt than the fact of this Usurpation. This I
assert on the proofs already presented. But con-
firmation comes almost while I speak. The col-
umns of the public press are now daily filled with
testimony, solemnly taken before the Committee
of Congress in Kansas, which shows, in awful
light, the violence ending in the Usurpation. Of
this I may speak on some other occasion. Mean-
while, I proceed with the development of the
Crime.
The usurping Legislature assembled at the
appointed place in the interior, and then at once,
in opposition to the veto of the Governor, by a
majority of two thirds, removed to the Shawnee
. Mission, a place in most convenient proximity to
the Missouri borderers, -by whom it had been
constituted, and whose tyrannical agent it was.
The statutes of Missouri, in all their text,..with
their divisions and subdivisions, were adopted
bodily, and with such little local adaptation that
the word "State" in the original is not even
changed to "Territory," but is left to be cor-
rected by an explanatory act. But, all this gen-
eral legislation was entirely subordinate to the
special act, entitled "An Act to punish offenses
against Slave Property," in which the One Idea,
that provoked tins whole conspiracy, is at last
embodied in legislative form, and Human Slavery
openly recognized on Free Soil, under the sanc-
tion of pretended law. This act of thirteen sec-
tions is in itself a Dance of Death. But its complex
completeness of wickedness, without a parallel,
may be partially conceived, when it is understood
that in three sections only of it is the penalty of
death denounced no less than forty-eight different
times, by as many changes of language, against
the heinous offense, described in forty-eight dif-
ferent ways, of interfering with what does not
exist in that Territory—and under the Constitu-
tion cannot exist there—I mean property in hu-
man flesh. Thus is Liberty sacrificed to Slavery,
and Death summonedlo sit at the gates as guard-
ian of the Wrong.
But the work of Usurpation was not perfected
even yet. It had already cost too much to be left
at any hazard.
But to be safely thus!"
f i To be thus was nothing;
Such was the object. And this could not be,
except by the entire prostration of all the safe-
guards of Human Rights. The liberty of speech,
which is the very breath of a Republic; the press,
which is the terror of wrong-doers; the bar,
through which the oppressed beards the arro-
gance of law; the jury, by which right is vindi-
cated; all these must be struck down, while officers
are provided, in all places, ready to be the tools
of this tyranny; and then, to obtain final assur-
ance that their crime was secure, the whole Usurp-
ation, stretching over the Territory, must be
| fastened and riveted by legislative bolts, spikes,
and screws, so as to defy all effort at change through
the ordinary firms of law. To this work, in its
variousparts, were bentthe subtlest energies; and
never, from Tubal Cain to this hour, was any
fabric forged with more desperate skill and com-
pleteness.
Mark, sir, three different legislative enact-
ments, which constitute part of this work. First,
according to one act, all who deny, by spoken or
written word, " the right of persons to hold slaves
in this Territory," are denounced as felons, to be
punished by imprisonment at hard labor, for a
term not less than two years; it may be for life.
And to show the extravagance of this injustice,
it has been well put by the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. CollamerJ that should the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] who believes that
slavery cannot exist in a Territory, unless intro-
duced by express legislative acts, venture there
with his moderate opinions, his doom must be
that of a felon! To this extent are the great
liberties of speech and of the presc subverted.
Secondly, by another act, entitled "Anact con-
cerning Attorneys-at-Law,"no person can prac-
tice as an attorney, unless he shall obtain a license
from the Territorial courts, which, of course, a
tyrannical discretion will be free to deny; and
after obtaining such license, he is constrained to
take an oath, not only " to support" the Consti-
tution of the United States, but also " to support
and sustain"—mark here the reduplication—the
Territorial act, and the Fugitive Slave Bill, thus
erecting a test for the function of the bar, calcu-
lated to exclirtle citizens who honestly regard that
latter legislative enormity as unfit to be obeyed.
And, thirdly, by another act, entitled " An act ;
concerning Jurors,"allpersons "conscientiously j
opposed to holding slaves," or " not admitting
the right to hold slaves in the Territory," are ,
excluded from the jury on every question, civil
or criminal, arising out of asserted slave prop-
erty; while, in all cases, the summoning of the
jury is left without one word of restraint to " the
marshal, sheriff, or other officer," who are thus
free to pack it according to their tyrannical dis-
cretion.
For the ready enforcement of all statutes against
Human Freedom, the President had already fur-
nished a powerful quota of officers, in the Gov-
ernor, Chief Justice, Judges, Secretary, Attorney,
and Marshal. The Legislature completed this
part of the work, by constituting, in each county,
a Board of Commissioners, composed of two per-
sons, associated with the Probate Judge, whose
duty it is " to appoint a county treasurer, coro-
ner, justices of the peace, constables, and all-
other officers provided for by law," and then
proceeded to the choice of this very Board; thus
delegating and diffusing their usurped power, and
tyrannically imposingupon the Territory a crowd
of officers, in wnose appointment the people have
had no voice, directly or indirectly.
And still the final inexorable work remained.
A Legislature, renovated in both branches, could
not assemble until 1859, so that, during this long
intermediate period, this whole system must con- !
tinue in the likeness of law, unless overturned by
the Federal Government, or, in default of such !
interposition, by a generous uprising of an op- ,
pressed people. But it was necessary to guard
against the possibility of change, even tardily, at
a future election; ana this was done by two dif-
ferent acts; under the first of which, all who will
not take the oath to support the Fugitive Slave
Bill are excluded from the elective franchise; and
under the second of which, all others are entitled
to vote who shall tender a tax of one dollar to the
Sheriff on the day of election; thus, by provision il
of Territorial Jaw disfranchising all opposed to jj
Slavery, and at the same time opening the door to
the votes of the invaders; by an unconstitutional
shibboleth, excluding from the polls the mass of
actual settlers, and by making the franchise de-
pend upon a petty tax only, admitting to the polls
the mass of borderers from Missouri. Thus, by
tyrannical forethought, the Usurpation not only
fortified all that it did, but assumed a selfferpet-
wtting energy.
Thus was the Crime consummated. Slavery
now stands erect, clanking its chains on the Ter-
ritory of Kansas, surrounded by a code of death,
and trampling upon all cherished liberties, whether
of speech, the press, the bar, the trial by jury, or
the electoral franchise. And, sir, all this has
been done, not merely to introduce a wrong which
in itself is a denial or all rights, and in dread of
which a mother has lately taken the life of her
offspring; not merely, as has been sometimes said,
to protect Slavery in Missouri, since it is futile
for this State to complain of Freedom on the side
of Kansas, when Freedom exists without com-
plaint on the side of Iowa and also on the side of
Illinois; but it has been done for the sake of
political power, in order to bring two new slave-
nolding Senators upon this floor, and thus to for-
tify in the National Government the desperate
chances of a waning Oligarchy. As the ship,
voyaging on pleasant summer seas, is assailed
by a pirate crew, and robbed for the sake of its
doubloons and dollars—so is this beautiful Ter-
ritory now assailed in its peace and prosperity,
and robbed, in order to wrest its political power
to the side of Slavery. Even now the black flag
of the land pirates from Missouri waves at the
mast head; in their laws you hear the pirate
yell, and see the flash of the pirate knife; while,
incredible to relate! the President, gathering the
Slave Power at his back, testifies a pirate sym-
pathy.
Sir, all this was done in the name of Popular
Sovereignty. And this is the close of the trage-
dy. Popular Sovereignty, which, when truly
understood, is a fountain of just power, has ended
in Popular Slavery; not merely in the subjection
of the unhappy African race, but of this proud
Caucasian blood, which you boast. The profes-
sion with which you began, of J} 11 by the People,
has been lost in the wretched reality of Nothing
for the People. Popular Sovereignty, in whose
deceitful name plighted faith was broken, and an
ancient Landmark of Freedom was overturned,
now lifts itself before us, like Sin, in the terrible
picture of Milton,
" That seem'd a woman to the waist, and fair;
But ended foul in many a scaly fold,
Voluminous and vast! a serpent arm'd
With mortal sting: about her middle round
a cry of hell-hounds never ceasing bark'd
With wide Cerberian mouths full loud, and rung
a hideous peal: yet, when they list, would creep,
If aught disturb'd their noise, into her womb,
And kennel there; yet there still bark'd, and howl'd
Within, unseen."
The image is complete at all points; and, with
this exposure, I take my leave of the Crime
against Kansas.
II. Emerging from all the blackness of this
Crime, in which we seem to have been lost, as in
a savage wood, and turning our backs upon it,
as upon desolation and death, from which, while
others have suffered, we have escaped, I come
now to The Apologies which the Crime has
found. Sir, well may you start at the suggestion
that such a series of wrongs, so clearly proved
by various testimony, so openly confessed by the
wrong-doers, and so widely recognized through-
out the country, should find Apologies. But the
partisan spirit, now, as in other days, hesitates
at nothing. The great Crimes of history have
never been without Apologies. The massacre of
St. Bartholomew, which you now instinctively
condemn, was, at the time, applauded in high
quarters, and even commemorated by a Papal
medal, which may still be procured at Rome; as
the Crime against Kansas, which is hardly less
conspicuous in dreadful eminence, has been
shielded on this floor by extenuating words, and
even by a Presidential message, which, like the
Papal medal, can never be forgotten in consider-
ing the madness and perversity of men.
Sir, the Crime cannot be denied. The Presi-
dent himself has admitted " illegal and repre-
