546
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
March 8,
would be suitable for carrying the mails at the
speed at which they are now carried. Of course
they cottld transport the mails, in time of peace,
from one station to another, and would be very
effective .ships in the Pacific for that purpose; but
they could not transport them with the speed and
-celerity of the Collins steamers.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, the Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] in the course
of his remarks on this bill, thought proper to
refer to one of the important committees of this
• body, of which I have the honor to be chairman
—.the Committee on Retrenchment. That Sen-
ator was not here, I believe, during the last Con-
fress; but if he had then been a member of the
ody, he would have discovered that it was not a
nominal committee as he supposed, but that, re-
cently at least, -it has been at work. I am not
able to show any fruits resulting from their action
except good ones. I may refer to one'instance.
By their agency, Congress was induced to in-
crease the pay of the lower clerks, the messengers,
and the laborers, in the Executive Departments,
so as to give them something like an adequate
-consideration for their services. That committee,
however, has no jurisdiction except as to the
Executive Departments.
At the last session the Committee on Retrench-
ment .called upon the heads of all the Departments
for information in regard to any improvement
that could be made in the administration of the
different Departments, and reported many bills,
perhaps as many as any other committee, except
the Committees on Finance and on Naval Affairs,
and one or two others. They have a heavy and
responsible duty before them at the present ses-
sion. I shall not go into this point. My object
was merely to correct an error into which the
Senator seems to have fallen, in supposing that
the Committee on Retrenchment was a nominal
committee, who never met, and had no important
duty to perform. We considered, that where
there were officers who were rendering services
to the Government for which they did not receive
an adequate compensation, it was as much our
duty to propose to increase it, as it would be to
propose the reduction of the salaries of those
who were receiving too much; but from all our
inquiries in the Departments and bureaus wo have
been unable to find any man who acknowledges
that he receives too much. We expect at this
session, however, to find some cases of that sort.
I have a word, now, to say m regard to the bill
before the Senate: I voted against its engrossment,
which 1 looked on as the test question. 1 have
had groat confidence in the Secretary of the Navy.
I had the honor of serving with him in the other
branch of Congress, and I have been in the habit
of taking his recommendations on trust to a very
great extent; but, sir, when I remember the con-
struction which he has placed on the law passed
at the last session in reference to reform in the
Navy, I can never again take his recommendation
upon trust for any tiling. Under that law the very
first step that was required was, that a " careful
examination" should be made into the efficiency
of the officers of the Navy; but, from all the
information which he has furnished,and from all
that I have been able to learn anywhere, I think
the very first step which must have been neces-
sary in order to give validity to what followed
has not yet been approached. Who will tell me
that a "careful examination," as contemplated
by that law, meant a one-sided examination,
without the other side being heard at all? It
seems to me strange that a Secretary of the Navy
could understand thatas a " careful examination;
and I am induced, for this reason, to withhold
from his recommendations the confidence which
1 have been in the habit of paying to them. I
cannot, in future, unless he brings arguments and
facts to sustain him, take anything on trust from
that honorable gentleman, although he is an old
friend.
I have heard, for many sessions, a general com-
Elaint that we have no sufficient Navy, and we
ave been constantly enlarging the expenditure
of the public moneys for the purpose of increasing
the Navy; and yet every report and every speech
made here now seems to show that it is becoming
less and less effective. For this reason I have no
hope, judging the future by the past, that the
expenditure of this large sum of money will
increase the efficiency of the Navy.
Again, sir, I do not anticipate, as many gen-
tlemen do, the danger of an impending war. A
certain number of vessels, I think, are necessary
and should be furnished to the Government; but
there are improvements going on every year.
The science of preparing war vessels seems to be
progressive. A vessel which would have been
deemed, five years ago, the most effective and
efficient for war purposes, would be discarded
to-day. A vessel that would be most approved
now in all probability will, in a very few years,
not be used at all. Therefore I see no necessity
for this addition to our war vessels. To provide
ten sloops, in anticipation of a war, is a mere
mockery. I soe no existing cause for war; but
this grave body, as has been already remarked,
has become the arena of excitemcnt and alarm
to the country.. We are not contented here with
leaving to the Executive Department the control
of our foreign affairs. The House of Represent-
atives has but little share in them; but this body
is the body of alarm in reference to every ques-
tion connected with the difficulties with foreign
Governments. This conservative body has be-
come the place where every alarm is sounded to
the country, whether imaginary or real.
I have no disposition, sir, humble, as I am, to
participate in creating unnecessary excitement in
the country, either % the building of an extra
number of war vessels, or by proclaiming to the
country the existence of dangers which I do not
perceive. I know of no causes now existing
between this and any other Government which
should justly lead to a war; and I trust that those
to whom the control of those questions properly
belongs will so regulate them, that the true inter-
est of this country, which is eminently peace,
will be preserved. All the questions now agitating
the country, I trust, will be settled by proper
negotiation and arrangement. Still, if it should
become necessary to maintain the interest or the
honor of this nation by a war, no one would more
cheerfully vote the public money for national
defense than I would; but, " sufficient unto the
day is the evil thereof."
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I
do not rise for the purpose of stating any reasons
or motives for my support of this bill. Those
Senators who have noticed my course heretofore
will, probably, have perceived that I have been,
for several years, in favor of a greater gradual
increase of the Navy than has actually taken place.
But, sir, while I am ready to avow, as one
member of the Committee on Naval Affairs, my
hearty support of this measure, I must say that
I did not feel any particular interest in reporting
this bill to the Senate on the ground of a little
cloud of war which appears in the east. X think
X speak the sentiment of the committee, which
was unanimous I believe on this subject, when I
say that their recommendation was not based at
all upon any existing alarm on the subject of war.
I should be very sorry if it were supposed that
the committee acted on any apprehensions aris-
ing from the existing circumstances between this
country and Great Britain, for such is not the fact.
At the same time, Mr. President, I do not think
it very unwise to look to the possibility of a war.
I do not think war is probable; but I have looked
far enough into this subject to perceive that pos-
sibly—contrary to the inclinations, dispositions,
or determinations of the Governments on both
sides of the water—we may find ourselves very
suddenly involved in such circumstances as may
probably lead to a war. Look at the condition
of things in the Caribbean Sea at this moment.
Look at the state of our affairs in Central America.
If what we hear through the newspapers and
by private correspondence has any foundation in
fact, the Government of Nicaragua has annexed,
by decree, the whole of the country now inhabited
by what are called the Mosquito Indians. That
Government may have taken this step with a
view to bring about an amicable adjustment of
the difficulties between Nicaragua and Great
Britain, because, it seems, they have some mis-
understanding and some difficulties to settle, as
well as the Governments of the United States and
Great Britain, in relation to those Indians. But
suppose the policy of that Government in this
step is not dictated by pacific views, or that
(whether or not they arc so) they are not directed
or controlled by prudence and discretion, what
then ? Suppose Captain Locke should be ordered,
with a regiment, or half a regiment, from Jamaica,
as on a former occasion from Kingston, to restore
the Mosquitos to their authority, if Nicaragua
shall proceed to dispossess them of any of their
existing possessions, either at San Juan, or at
Bluefields, or at any other point of their territory;
and suppose the Government of the United States
should have their vessels of war in that quarter
looking after the interests of this Government
and the safety of the transit company, what
would be the consequence? What may happen,
and what will probably happen, if events should
take that turn in Nicaragua?. Might there not be
a collision between the armed vessels of the United
States and those of Great Britain? Might not
this be brought about, especially if there were no
great indisposition on the part of this Government
to get into a war with Great Britain? I do not
speak of the Senate, or of the House of Repre-
sentatives, or of the body of the people. The
greatest circumspection and caution will be re-
quired to prevent a collision in that quarter, if
what we hear from that country be founded in
fact.
Therefore I say, sir, though I gave my consent
to the report of this bill as a member of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs without reference to the
aspect of our relations with Great Britain at this
present moment, I considered it wise that we
should pursue the policy of a gradual extension
of our Navy according to the principle of the
law passed in 1816, or soon after the close of the
last war with Great Britain, for the gradual in-
crease of Ihe Navy, which has not been continued.
The country has advanced twofold in its revenues,
and its expenditures now are six times greater
than they were then; but the increase and im-
provement of our naval arm of defense has not
kept pace with the growth of the country. What
will our Navy, with these additional ten sloops
of war and the six steam frigates authorized at
the last Congress, be at last ? We shall not have
one hundred public vessels, either sailing vessels
or steamers. This will be, as some Senators have
stated already, a mere item; an armament of no
great force or efficiency in comparison with the
powerful armaments of either France or Great
Britain; but what of that, sir? It is a commence-
ment. It will provide some show of defense;
and if we shall be suddenly involved in a war we
shall not be wholly defenseless.
I believe that the argument stated by the hon-
orable Senator from Florida was the proper and
the main one. We want this addition to our
Navy for the protection of our commerce, for sup-
plying our various commercial stations on the
Mediterranean; on the coast of China; on the
coasts of North and South America; in the West
Indies, particularly at this moment; gn the coast
of Africa, and in the Pacific. The main ohject
which the committee had in view was to supply
a class of vessels which were really required for
the protection of our commerce in the various
quarters of the world, where it is the duty of the
Government always to have some vessels stationed
or cruising.
Mr. REfD. Mr. President, I rise, not for the
purpose of discussing this question, but merely
to allude to a remark which fell from the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams.] In alluding to
this subject he gives, as a reason for his opposi-
tion to this bill, a want of confidence in the pres-
ent head of the Navy Department.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope the Senator will allow
me to correct him. I did not say that that was
my reason for opposing this bill. 1 gave as a
reason why I would not take on trust the mere
recommendation of the Secretary of the Navy,
without any other argument, the fact that I dif-
fered from him in opinion on the construction of
the late law in regard to the naval board.
Mr. REID. Still, after the Senator's explan-
ation, Mr. President, I understand his opinion
to be the same tiling—because the recommenda-
tion comes from a Secretary of the Navy in whom
he has not the utmost confidence. If the meas-
ure is right in itself, I trust that the Senator's
patriotism will not be found so narrow that he
will refuse to provide necessary defenses for the
country because he may mistrust the head of the
Department under which these defenses are to be
executed. With the Senator, I can say that I
know the present head of the Navy Department.
He needs no defense from me. The Senator,
