2146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
of a treaty between the Indians and the United !
States. The Indians have, by our acknowledg-
ment, a right of possession—a right of occupancy
in the soil, and we have the right of extinguish- ;
ing that title. The Indians hoid the right of oc-
cupancy, which can be sold to, ond extinguished \
by, the United States, until the United States take i
it into their possession. In making treaties, we
very often give to the heads of the tribes a sec-
tion of land, some times, very raiely,in perpetuity;
but most usually the whole title the Indian gets
is the same title he had bofoio—he retains the
right of occupancy. Now, would you, as a law-
fer, call that n sale by the United States to the
ndians? I think not. That strikes me so now;
but I will not be sure of it, because I see gentle-
men, for whose opinions 1 have great regard, think
otherwise, and therefore I would like to have
more time to look into the question.
Mr, ADAMS. I will say, by the permission
of the gentleman, that by a treaty with the Chick-
asaw Indians, in regard to the greater portion of
the land covered by tins amendment, it was pro-
vided that pertain heads of families should take
reservations m fee, and the rest of the land should
be sold by the Government for the benefit of the
Indians. The lands were sold, and the proceeds
applied to the benefit of the Indian nation. The
Government never gave one cent to the State on
these lands. The Indians took, ns a considera-
tion for the extinguishment of their usufruct, the
proceeds of their lands; and there were lar<re
reservations they received which wore never
sold.
Mr. CLAYTON. Now,! „ ): my frigid if>
would strictly hold that as the sale of a lee-simple
interest? It would appear, m that <a.M\the In-
dian had, when the treaty was made, a title to the
usufruct. He gets what? fie retain*? thr old title
—that has never been diverted iiom him—and
he gets a new one—that is to say. tin same title
the United States would have got, if {.hey had ex- '
tinguished it. Now, if we say the Sintes are en-
titled to five per cent, on the proceeds of that land, '
it appears to me it, would be a percentage on the
proceeds of land never sold. The claim is to ,
treat this as a sale by construction, and take live '
per cunt, on if. It appears to me that the original .
meaning of the compact was, that where there
was a bona Jidc sah the new Sta'i s should have
five per cent, on the pioceeds; and that, if it, was
anything short of what could be f'tlrly, tech-
nically, and honorably called a sale, it would be
dealing hardly on the part of the new Si.it'-s by
the Union, of which they are a poi don, to ivqiuie
five per centum of the value of those lands, which
must be ascertained, not bv looking at the actual
proceeds, but by an arbitrary appraisement m
ftome other way. The subject is novel to me.
I should he glad to take some lime to think of it,
but, «s it is, 1 am inclined against the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were onleied.
Mr. ('ASS. I shall vote against the amend-
ment, but nH at all on account of the principle;
I shall not touch that, i think thm-e is a great
deal of justice m what has been said by the hon-
orable "Senator from Mississippi and my col-
league; but, 1 lepeat, 1 shall vote a;;ainM the
amendment, simply on the ground eortvelly slated
by the honorable Senator from Virginia: we do
not know wheie it w ill lead us, am! it has no busi-
ness on this bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays ,'JO; as follows:
YE.XS —Me^rs. Adams, Brown. Cl.iv, Italian, .Jones ot"
Iowa, !*di h? Sebastian, Smuu, Tiuinbiill, UVUei, Wu^'la,
ami Yulee—W.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Hayaiil, Benjnmm, Bitr^,
Bright, Drodhe.'id. Butlet. C.i^:, (.'iuvton, CoMauiei, Dinkco,
Fish, Fool, Fo-stet, G( ver. U.ik'. ! leu-ton. [luut. i , I vt i -.on,
Mo^on, Posiree, Prah, [had. Sewaid, Shde!l, Thomson of
Now Jcr-oy. Tootub-., U'ade, ami Wil^m—Hi).
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the Senate now to take
a vote on the amendment which was pending at
the time of the recess. I have no desire to con-
tinue the discussion.
Mr. BROWN. I give notice that I mean to
discuss that amendment, and every one that comes
up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Waller.)
The question pending at the time the Senate took
a recess was on the amendment of the Senator
from Del-aware, to insert:
For continuing the construction of the new dome,
$100,000.
Mr. BROWN. If, when a State comes here
and asks foivjustice, it is to be cried down, as
my State has been, on the plea that it is out of
position, and that there is no time to consider it,
and matters of this kind are to be brought in,
and all other matters, I at least will take time to
discuss them as long as I choose.
So far as this work is concerned, I am opposed
to it. I am opposed to it in good faith, and mean
to vote against it here and in any other position
in which it may be presented to the Senate. In
the first place, it was commenced without any
estimate from any department of the Government,
without any report from any committee, without
any known plan upon which we were to proceed,
but upon a simple clause of two or thiee lines
in an appropriation bill appropriating $100,000
towards the erection of a new dome for the Cap-
itol. There was, I say, no plan. There was, I
know, a drawing by an architect, or somebody
else, which was never even adopted by a com-
mittee—which was never submitted to the Pres-
ident, or anybody else, for his approval. It was
exhibited in a committee room; and a member of
that committee, then a Representative from the
State of Kentucky—I mean Mr. R. H.Stanton—
thought well of it, and upon his own respons-
ibility, as he slated in the debates, moved the
amendment. The record shows that the vote
stood in the House, on a division, 70 for it, and
j 70 n«ain*t it, and the chairman of the Committee
f of tlie 'Whole gave the casting vote for it, and
thus the measure wns passed through the Coiri-
| nuttoeof the Whole. When it ^ot into the Rouse,
i their was a sort ot huily-boily raised, and I
J nndeistan:) it va^passed into tlie bill with a great
1 many othei amendments. In the Senate it passed
! without consideiafion. Tims the $100,000 was
out info an appi < ;n tuinm bill last ye.u .
1 have sa.d theo- v.-as no drawn)'/, no estimate,
no specification u Inch was prepared by authority,
or approved by any one who had authority to
approve, it. The law did not authon/.e anybody
to examine it; the law did not authorize anybody
to approve it. The work was commenced with-
i out a plan, and it has progressed from that time
! till now wnhout any plan which anybody has
j appioved who was authorized to approve. The
plan upon which the work is now going on is
'not, as I understand, according to tins original
i drawing—not according to the drawing on which
! Mr. Stanton asked for the appropriation of
| ^100,000, which was thus loosely given. Accord-
! ii;l; to that plan, 1 understand some few hundred
I thousand dollais—1 believe £150,000 or ^250,000
j —will be suflu'ient, to eumph to tlu work.
I Mt. BAYARD. Wiil the Senator be kind
i enough to say when such a statement was made '
■ Air. BROWN. What statement r
Mr. liAYARD. That ^150,000 or *250,000
I would be suflicieiit to complete the work. 1 never
! heaid of it before.
! Mr. BROWN. I have here a letter from Cap-
, tain Meigs, addressed to me, containing this para-
! graph:
; '• For the eMimates fei the dome. I am in no way rc-
■ sponsible, as you w ill be ,iv\ ,u<* il you tead lin-< oi ie-pond-
. eiK-f on thut subjeef between the (.'nmunttoo oj Wav > ami
I Means and the Secretin} oi \Yai lately pi mted by tin' Hou^e,
, {Miscellaneous Doe. \o bo.) Mr. M.niion, ot Kentiiv-ky,
, oi the la-t iiouM'. moved tie- npptopnation ol $100,UUU lot
, tin- dome, and nitonned the House that it could he built
! dimmit he lece-^. Fioin this, tin"* House had a right to mier
j th<u it could be built foi .^lOO,OM>."
! This declaration comes from the engineer in
charge. If there was any information anywhere
1 that Congress calculated in the beginning on a
| largei appiupriatton than £100,000, l want the
friends of the measure to come forward and show
; whore it exists. The gentleman who introduced
the item into the appropriation bill did so on his
' own responsibility; and the engineer says Con-
gress had a right to infer from his declaration that
the work could be done for £100,000. Now we are
. asked to follow out a" scheme winch is to cost us
; a million and a quarter of dollars—perhaps more;
certainly as much as that. Before we do it, we
1 ought to have some plan adopted, and approved
j by somebody authorized to approve it. To ex-
1 pend a million and a quarter of dollars in this
, way, without having started upon any given plan,
i without having had any plan submitted to us
i which we ourselves have approved, or which any
committee of the Senate has approved, or which
any department of the Government has approved,
or which is of any authority, is, I think, at the
very least, an extravagant way of spending the
public money.
I am amazed that gentlemen who, but five
minutes ago, were so cautions of the welfare of
the Treasury that they could not pay an honest
debt due t£ a State of this Union, should be so
ready to commence an expenditure of $1,950,000
without any plan, without any specification, but
on a simple drawing, submitted here without au-
thority from any quarter. Why was not this sub-
ject submitted to a committee in the early part of
the session? "Why has not a committee reported
some plan on which we are to proceed ? Why
was not this done at a sufficiently early day for
each of us to examine it, and disapprove or ap-
prove it for himself? Are we to go on and expend
£1,950,000, on a mere drawing submitted by a per-
son having no authority to prepare it, and having'
no authority to submit it—approved by nobody
—simply because the thing happens to look well
on paper? Who has examined it in detail that is
competent to examine it? Who is to be respons-
ible for it? Are we to go on and make this vast
outlay of money without knowing what we are
doing, without acting on any information upon
which we can rely, but on mere loose, vague, and
indefinite statements ?
The Secretary of War tells us plumply and
plainly, in his official communications, that he
repudiates all responsibility for this thing. The
engineer in charge of the Capitol repudiates all
responsibility for it. No committee of the Senate
assumes the responsibility; no member of the
body assumes the responsibility; for even the
Senator from Delaware, who moves the amend-
ment, says he docs it, and justifies himself on the
ground that the work is now in an unfinished and
unseemly condition. The old dome has been torn
down, and he thinks something must be done.
Of course, something must be done; but before
we do it let us know upon what plan we are act-
ing; what we are going to accomplish; what sort
of a dome we are going to build; and let us have
that accurate information in regard to it which
will enable us to act intelligibly. I shall expect
that the guardians of the Treasury, especially
the gentleman from Georgia, who is so much
alarmed for fear money will he paid out of the
Treasury in a hasty way, will wake up again on
this subject, and be watchful of the interests of
the Treasury on this question as they were a little
while ago. I ask my friend from Georgia to come
to the rescue again. Here is one and a quarter
million of the public money going out for a dome
without any plans 
Mr. TOOMBS. I am for that decidedly.
Mr. BROWN. Are you for the dome?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROWN. That is about what I expected.
[Laughter.] A State comes here and asks jus-
tice, and cannot get it. She asked to have a com-
pact executed between her and the General
Government m good faith, and we have an out-
cry; Senators say it is an extravagant and mon-
strous waste of the public money. The chair-
man of the Committee on Finance sees great
wrong in it. He. becomes exceedingly watchful.
I Te says, let us not crowd these matters on appro-
priation bills; there are a hundred bills which
might be as appropriately moved as amendments,
(says the Senator from Virginia,) but he sees no
wrong in this.
Mr. HUNTER. How can the Senator say so
when I was the first to oppose it?
Mr. DROWN. I know that; but the Senator
has two ways of opposing a measure. When he
opposes my State, he opposes it with a vim, with
earnestness. When he opposes certain interests
that he wants to put down, he opposes them so
as to put them down; but certain other things he
opposes pro forma, and gets up and says, as lie
is m duty bound to do, "Mr. President, I think
that thing ought not to be done;" but he says it
in such a way that he seems to invite the Senate
to do it. A little of the eloquence of the Senator,
a little of the outcry which he raised against my
State, would arrest this and other appropriations
on this bill. If the Senator had been half as
earnest yesterday, in opposition to the Califor-
nia business, as he was to-night in opposition
to my amendment, your proposition, sir, (Mr.
