1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S47
however, alluded to the manner in which he has
discharged his duties in relation to reform in the
Navy. I undertake to say that the present Sec-
rotary of the Navy has, in regard to that difficult
subject, managed it as well, and with as much
satisfaction, as any gentleman in this country
could have done. It is one of those difficult ques-
tions which it is beyond the power of any living
being to settle in a manner satisfactory to every
one. Sir, I know the individual at the head
of the Navy Department. I know that he enter-
tains high feelings of patriotism. I esteem and
honor him for his inflexible integrity. I know
that he entertains as high an appreciation of the
merits of those who have performed distinguished
services for their country, as any man in the
Union.
I have said thus much, Mr. President, in jus-
tice to one whom I know has his heart in the
right place.
Mr. ADAMS. I do not wish to he misunder-
stood. If.I made a remark which could, by any
legitimate construction, be supposed to convey
an implied censure on the purity of the motives
of the Secretary of the Navy, I certainly used
language which I did not intend to employ. No
man—not even the Senator from North Carolina—
has a higher opinion of the purity of character
of the Secretary of the Navy than I have. I
alluded to the manner in which a law of the last
Congress had been executed. The very first
requirement of that law was that a " careful ex-
amination" should be made by the naval board
into the efficiency of naval officers. How is that
to be construed ? What is the legal meaning of
"a careful examination?" A one-sided examin-
ation? Were men to be tried in their absence,
without notice, and their most sacred rights takon
from them without knowing their accusers? Is
such a proceeding as that to be called a careful
examination? 1 say that the decision of the Sec-
retary, as much as I respect him personally, is
not according to my notion of what a careful ex-
amination is; and that is what I had reference to.
The fact that he considered a one-sided, secret
examination, without notice, affecting the sacred
rights of the gallant officers of the country, as a
compliance with the law, was the circumstance
which destroyed my confidence in his judgment.
Hence it was that I said I could not hereafter
take the Secretary's recommendations on trust.
I did not intimate, as the Senator from North
Carolina seems to suppose, that I would not vote
for this bill, even if 1 found it necessary for the
defense of the country, because it was recom-
mended by that Sccretaiy. Far from it. There
is no man at the head of any Department in power
now of whose motives I entertain a higher opinion;
but perceiving and noticing the strange conclusion
at which he arrived, and which I have already
commented on, I stated that I could not hereafter
vote for a measure simply on his recommendation,
without looking to the facts of the case. I ad-
mitted that I had been in the habit of taking on
trust the recommendations of the present Secretary
of the Navy, from my high confidence in the man.
These were my remarks. I do not wish to be
understood as having intimated any disparage-
ment of him. I have the same confidence in the
purity of his motives that I ever had; but such a
decision as that which he made in the matter to
which I have alluded would have destroyed my
confidence m the judgment of any man. The
President came to the same conclusion, and I
have agreed with him on perhaps as many ques-
tions as 1 ever agreed with any other President;
and yet I believe honestly, that eveiy step taken
by the naval board is a perfect nullity, and that
the men now called retired arc to-day in their
offices as much as they ever were. A 44 careful
examination" was required by the law. Instead
of that,there was aone-sided examination ? Who
has ever attended any of our courts, and heard
both sides m contests between individuals, who
would afterwards say that a " careful examin-
ation" meant you arc to hear one side and not
the other? That was the very eircumstauce which
was to give power to the Sccretaiy to act; it was
the circumstance that was to give power to the
President to act, and without that the whole pro-
ceeding was void. The first step has not been
taken, unless it can be shown that, after hearing
one side, the party had notice of the charge against
him, and had an opportunity of rebutting it. It
cannot be a careful examination without that,
I cannot give full faith and credit to any man's
judgment, however honest he may be, who de-
cided that such a course was proper. I admit it
was a difficult task which the Secretary of the
Navy had to perform. He has done what he
believed to be right. But I have the right to
differ in opinion from him on that subject, as I
do in regard to the necessity of increasing the
Navy at this time.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I desire to
recall the attention of the Senate for a few mo-
ments to the real issue before us; and that is in
regard to the propriety of passing the bill now
under consideration. I have no idea that the
passage of this bill ought to increase any alarm
or excitement in regard to the supposed probabil-
ities of a war between this country and England.
As I have before said, I believe the matters in
difference are such as can and ought to be settled
if there be common prudence and discretion on
both sides of the water. But, sir, I believe that
this is a necessary addition to our present naval
establishment, and I believe that we promote the
chances for peace by preparing for war.
1 wish to diminish the temptation, if it exists,
on the part of foreign Powers to speculate on our
weakness, real or supposed. I desire duringpcace
to appropriate money gradually to put the country
in a state of defense; because in this way we
shall enable the people to do it without feeling
the burden, and we shall be able to defend our-
selves in time of war at much less expense than
if we were to delay our preparations until the
danger occurred, if wc were to refuse to make
any addition to the Navy on the ground which
my friend from Mississippi has suggested, that
improvements are constantly making m Ihe model
of vessels and in naval machinery, wc should
let our Navy go down, because it is to be hoped
these improvements will be constantly in a state
of progress. The true course is to make such
additions as are necessary, and to make them
gradually, so as to distribute the burden over as
many years as we can, and make the process as
easy as it can be to the people.
Nosv, sir, I behove that true economy consists,
not in stinting the necessary establishments of
Government, but m cutting off all unnecessary
sources of expenditure, and in so managing your
appropriations as to secure the Government's re-
ceiving the value of a dollar for every dollar that
is appropriated.
I think that no man who considers this subject
can believe that our present Navy is sufficient to
! guard the coasts of the country and the adjaccnt
seas, to say nothing of our immense commerce
which is afloat. That it ought to be increased,
and that it ought to be increased gradually, m
the mode which is now proposed, I think will be
evident upon a very slight examination of the
subject. In regard to the present condition of our
Navy, I will say that, as 1 understand it, there
fs probably no steamer in our service which could
go into one half the ports of this country. The
steamers which have been lately built are only
suitable for those harbors where there is a large
draught of water, and south of Norfolk theio is
scarcely a port into which one of the six steam
frigates lately constructed could enter. It is pro-
posed now to build another class of vessels—
steam sloops of war—which can enter into all
of our harbors, and, thus afford the whole coast
some means of defense.
In view of these facts, I think it cannot be
charged as an act of extravagance to \ote this
( sum or to make this addition; for we shall have
i in exchange for the money, a necessary addition
of property—a necessary addition of ships of
war, which we require m order to provide such
a defense for our coast as wc ought to have.
The bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Barclay, one of their clerks, announced i
that they had passed the following bills of the
Senate:
A bill authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to change the names of vessels in certain cases.
A bill authorizing the issue of a register or en-
' rollment to the bark Cabargo; and
; A bill to change the name of the brig Hibernia
i to Victor of the Wave.
SENATOR PROM ILLINOIS. <
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution*
submitted by him on the 27th of February:
Resolved, That Lyman Trumbull is entitled to a seat m
this body as a Senator, elected by the Legislature of the
State of Illinois, for the term of six years from the 4th of
March, 1855.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understood, Mr. Pres-
ident, that it would be more agreeable to some
gentlemen of this body to postpone the consider-
ation of this subject. The Senate is thin, and if
such continues to be the desire of gentlemen, I
shall make no opposition to its postponement;
otherwise, I shall now proceed with the case.
["Go on!"]
Mr. President, I hope not to have the occasion
of troubling the Senate long, for the questions in-
volved in this case lie in a very small compass ;
and, as such, must have been the subject of con-
sideration to many gentlemen who no doubt are
prepared to express their opinions. I shall en-
deavor to be very brief in what I have to say in
support of this resolution. The resolution declares
the gentleman who now holds the seat as Senator
from the State of Illinois, entitled to that seat,
according to the tenor of his election, from the
4th of March last, for the term of six years. The
facts of the ease are few and undisputed. Mr.
Trumbull was, in point of fact, chosen by the
Legislature of Illinois as a Senator in this body.
It is true that some four years before that time,
he had been elected a judge of one of the circuit
courts of that State, but it is also true that he had
resigned that office about eighteen months before
his election as a Senator. The first question,
therefore, that presents itself is, whether upon
these facts, and a proper construction of the con-
stitution of the State of Illinois, he is entitled to
his seat? No objection is made to any qualification
required by the Constitution of the United States.
The question is, whether thareis anything in the
constitution of Illinois which can invalidate his
election. I will first consider the question as it
arises upon the constitution of Illinois, and then
as respects the Constitution of the United States.
The provision of the constitution of Illinois I
desire to read to the Senate. The tenth section
of the fifth article of the constitution of that State
reads in these words:
" The judges of the supreme court shall receive a salary
of $1,200 pei annum, payable quarterly, and no more. The
judges of the circuit courts shall receive a salary of $1,000
per annum, payable quaiterly. and no ntore. The judges of
the supiem'e and circuit courts shall not be eligible to any
othoi office oi public trust, of profit, in this State, or the
United State.-, duung the tenn for which they are clccted,
nor tbi one year tluneafter. All votes for either of them for
any elcclive oflice, (except that of judge of the supreme or
oucmr court.) given by the General Assembly, or the people,
shfill be void."
Mr. Trumbull was elected on the 7th of June,
1852, judge of the circuit court for the term of
nine years. Having held that office less than one
year, he resigned on the 19th of May, 1853, to
take effect on the ensuing 4th of July. He was
elected to the Senate of the United States on the
8th of February, 1855, more than eighteen months
after his resignation, but before the expiration of
the nine years for which he had been originally
elected a judge.
To these facts we are to apply the constitutional
provision which I have read, which declares that
no Judge of the supreme court or circuit court
should be eligible to any other office for the term
for which he was elected, and for one year there-
after. Does this prohibition in the constitution
of Illinois apply to sucli a case as this ? I say
that it docs not. In order to ascertain the mean-
ing of any instrument, we mustendeavor to ascer-
tain the intention of its framers. What was the
intention of the framers of this provision ? It was
to preserve the independence of their judiciary,
and to prevent the possibility of one of the judges
of the State using the influence of that office to
obtain another. That is the reason and the sole
reason for this prohibition; and to accomplish this
object, the constitution of Illinois provides not
only for ineligibility during the term of nine years,
but for one year thereafter, lest he should, by
anticipated contrivances, intrigues, and influence,
provide for another office by the use of the influ-
ence which his present office affords. One year
after the expiration of his office was supposed to
be sufficient for that purpose.
Here is a case where the office of this gentleman
