1856,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2147
Weller in the chair,) would, have slept where
mine is now sloe ping—in the tomb of the Capulets.
I shall have something more to say cn Xhis
proposition after a while, if the discussion is kept
up. Just now I am" willing- to let it go on; but
I £ive notice that from this time onward I am
going- to play the watch-dog, and if the Senator
from Virginia does not watch off improper amend-
ments on this bill, I will do it myself. I mean,
from this time forward, to see that the same jus-
tice is meted out to the other States as to mine.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not mean to continue
the discussion; but I wish simply to say, that I
do not see the connection between the amendment
just rejected, and the one now before the Senate.
Unless the personal feelings of the Senator from
Mississippi connect them, they can have no con-
nection. I have no personal interest in either
proposition. I take no interest in this matter in
the slightest degree, other than to perform my
public duty.
The dome is down. The honorable Senator
tells us there were certain formalities not followed
in the action of Congress. Congress chose, by
its will, I care not how, to make an appropria-
tion, under which the dome is down. The Capitol
is without a dome. Does the honorable Senator
mean to let it remain as it is > He says some artist
—somebody—has designed a dome. The very
paper from which he reads shows to him what I
stated before, that this dome has been the study
of years on the part of the architect of the public
buildings, a gentleman of high and distinguished
genius in his profession. It further shows that
this design has been revised since the action of
Congress which authorized the construction of a
new dome, by the constructing engineer who has
charge of the work. They have modified the
proportions of the dome slightly, so as to render
it, as they think, perfectly applicable to the
building. The only question is, whether you
want further information. From whom? Is it
from the crude taste of members of Congress ? I
do not know what other gentlemen may think of
their own taste, but I should consider it greatly
presumptuous on my part, to set up mine against
men who, by study and education, have tuunod
themselves to a perfect knowledge of architecture,
and are able to form a much butter opinion of
what is an appropriate dome for this structure
than 1 can possibly be. 1 may judge, from look-
ing at the plan, and from the elevation""protracted
on the drawing, whether it pleases my eye or
not. If I thought anything was objectionable,
they might explain that to me; or if I could not
understand it, I should be perfect!)' willing to
give way to the judgment of tho^e better in-
structed than myself. Unless the honorable Sen-
ator has so nit1 better plan to propose for putting
a donp on the Capitol, or unless we mean to
leave it m its present condition, I see no reason
why we should not make this appropriation.
Do you mean to remove your public architect?
Do you mean to intrust the design for a dome to
other hands? Do you mean to consult congres-
sional differences of taste as to what is a proper
dome for the Capitol of the United States? If
you do not mean to do these things, how do you
stand 5 At the last session. Congress authorized
the commencement of the work. Call it. hasty
legislation if you will: I have nothing to do with
that. You may say that Congress did wrong;
that they ought not to have made the original
appropriation without full estimates and all the
formalities; but one thing is certain—they had a
design before them; they"knew it; it was familiar
to almost every man who had any connection with
the public buildings, or took any care to inquire
about tla-m. The design has been in the room of
the architectfor certainly a year, or a year anda
half, to my knowledge." It has been slightly
varied since the first appropriation, but the gen-
eral design remains the same. The extent of
the alteration has been very slight.
1 have confidence in the genius and taste of the
architect. As far as my own uninstructed taste
can go,} think that, as protracted on the drawing,
the dome is appropriate 10 the proportions of the
building. I see no reason for delay. We have
the testimony of the engineer in charge of the
construction, that it is an economical mode of
constructing a dome. If Congress chose to pass
an appropriation for tearing down the old dome
without knowing what they had to pay for put-
ting up a new one, that does not alter the matter, i!
It must be put up, unless you disfigure the Cap- 1|
itol. I must say, for my own part, that I had !;
no doubt the cost of the construction of a new jj
dome wduld exceed the original appropriation, jj
The estimate is nearly one million dollars, not |!
one hundred thousand dollars, as the Senator |
says. The estimate 1 have seen is nine hundred :
thousand dollars The architect sends in an J
exact estimate, coming down to the cents. But,
if it were one million two hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars, and the question stood on my vote,
whether the old dome, which was so perfect an
abortion, even on the old Capitol, and so per-
fectly unfitted for the dignity and character of
the building as extended, should be taken down
and a new dome put up for one million two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars, I should not
hesitate for a moment.
Mr. RRODHEAD. I wish fo .say one word
in regard to the last point made by the Senator
from Delaware. Ho undertakes to say that we
must have some dome; that the old one has been
taken down, and that it becomes us to put up
some kind of structure in its place. I deny that.
It is not according to just architectural taste to
have any dome on this building at all. There are
certain buildings that look better to the eye with-
out a dome Limn with one. Would you put a
dome on the Patent Office building, which is one
of the finest edifices in the world5 Does not the
Patent Office look well enough without a dome?
I say that this building, large and beautiful as it
is, will only be maired by having a dome. I
repeat, it is contrary Unjust architectural taste to
have anything more than the original dome which
was designed at the time when the Capitol was
originally planned. That will cost but a very
small sum, and will not take $.)0,000 to put it up.
I was opposed to the extension of the Capitol.
I believed that this Capitol was large enough as
it stood for ai! constitutional legislation. If, how-
ever, the Staft.s are to become mere corporations,
dependent on the i-Yderal Government for sap-
port 
Mi. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to whether it requites a larger
building for nneonatxtnuonal than for constitu-
tional legislation ?
Mr. BilODH !! \ T). Yes, sir; it does require
a much larger building to accommodate all who
come here to have extravagant and anronstitu-
lional legislation, than to uitry on the Govern-
ment according to the original design.
Mr. SEWAHD. It s^ems to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that this is to be considered as a practical
question, and that we shall not advance very Jar
or very wisely m consideration of it, by going
back to consider the errors or mistakes that Con-
gress may have made on the subject heretofore.
It is in the nature of the most important business
of society—that of government—that it shall be
conducted with the least possible care. There is
not a town or district m any one of the States of
tins Union m winch tlune is not moie deliberation
bestowed on the question of electing a bridge, or
any county in which theie is not more care be-
stowed by the municipal authorities on file ques-
tion of erecting a court-house and on the manner
in which it shall be done, than is possible, either
in this Government, orm any other «reat national
Government, m regard to the construction of a
Capitol. We must take things just as we find
them—that is, we who are here to-day must act
for ourselves. We must remember thai, if some
of us weie here before, the places in tiu; other
House, and a large number here, are occupied now
by gentlemen who were not here before.
I, like the several Senators who have spoken,
regretted above all things the project of she ex-
tension of this Capitol, not because I thought it
large enough for all constitutional legislation—not
because I thougluit was gieut enough lor the Cap-
itol of a great nation, but because it was the oniy
perfect specimen of architecture, according to my
poor, rude, uncultivated taste, which I had ever
seen. Hours, I might almost say days, have I
stood on the banks of the Potomac and looked on
the Capitol of my country as it displayed itself
in its graceful proportions on this beautiful ter-
race. It was perfect in design, perfect pro-
portion, perfect in embellishment, peifect in all
its adaptations. It was the only structure I had
ever seen made bv human hands that, instead of
wearing the appearance of having been toilfully
erected from out of the ground by days* labor,
and with ponderous machinery, seemed to have
been let down from the heavens above,and dropped
upon this terrace; and I fancied that it could be
drawn up by angelic hands and removed from
our sight if we should prove ourselves unworthy
of the liberties of which it was at once an emblem
i and a monument.
' Nevertheless, sir, when the proposition to en-
I large this structure was made, it was at a time
I when weak and idle and foolish men were talk-
| ing about the dissolution of this Union, as if it
were a thing not merely possible, but a thing
that was imminent, and a thing that was coming
directly on. I seized upon the extension of the
Capitol as one of the demonstrations that would
be given by Congress to the country and toman-
kind that this Union was not to be dissolved. I
am now for going on with it, for the benefit of
continuing and renewing the demonstration to the
country, if for no other reason, that this city of
Washington is to remain the capital of a perpet-
ual Union. I think the weak, the increaulous,
and even the desponding, may take heart if they
see the Congress of the United States expending
#2,000,000 to enlarge and complete the National
Capitol, m this hour when these apprehensions
are again renewed, and especially when it is
associated with the fact that the two Houses of
Congress are increasing their own emoluments
for their own daily services here—a transaction,
certainly, which may go forth to the world as
showing that the Congress of the United States
have no immediate expectation of a dissolution
of the Union.
And now, sir, to come to that practical ques-
tion to which I intended to call the attention of
the Senate: it is just the question which has been
raised by the honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania with his usual directness. It is a question
which has three branches—first, whether there
shall be no dome at all; second, whether the old
dome shall be reinstated; third, whether the dome
which is now in process of erection shall be con-
structed. The honorable Senator from Pennsyl-
vania gives it as his opinion, as a matter of taste,
that there shall be no dome at all. I will submit
that point without argument. We have the ex-
hibition of the Capitol without a dome now, and
who is there, except the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, who is willing to see it remain as
it is? Nobody. The honorable Senator stands
alone. Who is willing to have the old dome
restored > That dome was adapted to a Capitol
only one half m magnitude, one half in longi-
tude, one half m dignity, one half in grandeur,
of the pioposed Capitol. Either that was a de-
fective structuic before, and inapplicable to tho
Cnpitol as it was, or else it is totally unsuited to
the present one. Who will d<-ny that it had per-
fect adaptation then? It was the admiration of art-
ists, of architects, throughout the world. Nobody
took exception to it. So I take it for granted,
that the old dome having been right for the old
Capitol, the old dome is wrong for the new Cap-
itol. That brings me to the question of the new
dome for the new Capitol.
It ,seems to me, as thwie is no alternative, it is
settled that it must be this; and if any other per-
son can project one that is better adapted in util-
ity, or in taste, or in economy, let him offer the
specification, and the architect will examine it. If
none such be_ offered, it seems to me to be a sim-
ple duty to adopt the one that is before us. I
stop one moment to take notice of the fact which
is alleged, that Congress did not know what they
wee: doing when the old dome was ordered to be
tak<_n down. Why, sir, the plan of Mr. Walter
was before the House of Representatives when
the bill was passed appropriating the $100,000 to
rcmov (he old dome and erect a new one, and it
was expressly referred to m the bill. Then that
plan ofMi. Walter was before the House ofRep-
resentativcs, and, as the Senate passed the same
bill, it was before us.. Although each of us, in-
dividually, may plead that he did not know it,
no one, wnh a just sense of responsibility, can
disavow the fact, that we all acted with knowl-
adge—that there was a plan which wc adopted and
sanctioned by reason of faith in the architect who
devised it, orm the commiltee who recommended
U, or on the judgment of the members of the two
Houses of Congress who approved it.
