Wf4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
Alabama, and that the lands reserved, the sections
represented by the even numbers, shall be open
to entry by actual settlers at two dollars and fifty
cents per acre. Is not his position a most extraor-
dinary one?.
But, sir, there is still another point of view in
which the gentleman occupies a remarkable posi-
tion. He belongs to what is called the Democratic
party of this House, and indorsed as such the
Baltimore platform, which declares " that the Con-
stitution' does not confer upon the General Govern-
ment the power to commence and carry on a general
system'of internal improvements;'3 thatit was anti-
fiemoeratie, and in violation of the principles
recognized and acted on by that party. He fought
the last presidential battle'-on this very question,
in common with myself and others. Now, sir,
here are those four railroads in Iowa one th ousand
one hundredand fifty-three miles in length. Here
are those three railroads in Wisconsin five hun-
dred and three miles in length. Here are those
three railroads in Wisconsin five hundred and
three miles in length. Here are also those three
railroads in Florida five hundred and odd miles
in length. Here are these railroads in Ala-
bama, six or seven in number, some six hun-
dred' or eight hundred miles in length—making
nearly thrpe thousand miles of railroad to be con-
structed by donations of the public lands by this
Federal Government, and yet the gentleman is
bitterly opposed to the policy of a " general system"
of internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment. Now, if three thousand miles of railroad
in one session of Congress is not(t a. general sys-
tem" of internal improvement by this Govern-
ment, when will we get to it ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If my friend from Vir-
finia will consent to give way until to-morrow,
will ask that there be taken from the Speaker's
table the consular and diplomatic appropriation
bill, in order that it may be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways arid Means.
Mr. COBB. I trust the gentleman will allow
the gentleman from Virginia to proceed with his
remarks. We can finish tlus matter now, and I
hope it will be done.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. Unless the bill on
the Speaker's table next to the one indicated by
the gentleman from Ohio is also taken up, I shall
object to the proposition made by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr! CAMPBELL. I am perfectly willing
that the bill shall remain on the Speaker's table
if it be objected from the other side that it shall
be taken up and referred. I move that the rules
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. COBB. How does the gentleman get the
floor to make that motion ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
cannot take the floor to make the motion without
the consent of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. COBB. I now give notice that, if this
Blatter be passed by at this time, when it again
comes up I shall claim the floor to the exclusion
of the gentleman from Virginia. Therefore I
hope he will finish what he has to say at this
time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has yielded
the floor to the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. COBB. Yes, sir; only, however, for
thirty minutes of my time.
Mr. LETCHER. All these questions and
answers do not come out of mv time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has the floor, and will proceed with his re-
marks.
Mr. LETCHER. _ The next remark I have to
make is, that these bills have been introduced in
a very unusual way, and have beenhastily pressed
to their passage. None of these bills, introduced
by the Committee on Public Lands, has ever
been printed, or put in a situation where they
could be accessible to members of this House.
The bills and amendments have been introduced
and read at the Clerk's desk, and then we have
been compelled to take the bills in that way,
under the operation of the previous question.
Take the case of this bill this morning. The
gentleman from Alabama introduces a bill, and
brings a substitute in with it. The bill, as-it
went to the Committee on Public Lands, was
printed in part, and partly in manuscript, with
numerous interlineations, to make it conform to
the views of the gentleman from Alabama.
The substitute comes to us in manuscript along
with this bill. Neither is printed, and they are
followed by an amendment by the gentleman
from Alabama. Neither the original bill, the
substitute, northe amendment, is within the reach
of members for a careful examination, because
they have not been printed, and laid before us.
Now, I say that this is most extraordinary legis-
lation, after what occurred in the last Congress.
It will be recollected that a land bill passed
through this House in much the same way as it
is proposed to pass this, and by the change of a
single word, by whom, or when, or where made,
we know not, the entire character of the bill was
changed, and the lands given a direction never
intended at the time the bill was under consid-
eration and passed by this body. Sir, I say here
that, under present circumstances, and with bills
prepared in the manner these are, interlined here
and there, and never printed, there is an equal
chance for a mistake as there is for a correct
engrossment of this bill; and there is nobody in
this House who has the means of comparing
this bill as passed with the bill as engrossed,
and signed by the President, because we have no
printed bill with which to make the comparison.
I say, then, it is most extraordinary that a bill
which proposes to grant millions of acres of the
public lands should be passed here, under such
circumstances, under the gag of the previous
question, denying to everybody not only the
right to debate the bill, but even the right to read
it. The only privilege we have is to hear it read
at the Clerk's desk, before we are called upon to
vote upon it.
Then, sir, the next remark I have to make is,
that these bills are unfair,that they do not present
a true state of facts to the country, and that they
are calculated to make an erroneous impression
upon the public mind, when it is declared by the
authors and advocates of them, that for each odd
section which the Governmentgrants, it reserves
an even section to be sold at $2 50 per acre,
I which will balance the sections given away at
! the original cost of «>1 25peracre. Let me show
that such is not the ease. There are thirty-six
sections of land in each township. By a previous
act of Congress the sixteenth section in each
township has been donated to the States for
school purposes, and thirty-five sections only are
left in each township to be afl'ected by these bills.
Seventeen of these are even sections, and eighteen
are odd sections. Now, you will notice that every
one of these bills for the donation of lands for
railroad purposes declares that the States are to
take the odd sections within the range of six miles
on either side, and all the reserved sections with-
in that limit are to be sold at $3 50per acre. But
there is this remarkable difference between the
Government and the corporations to which these
lands are donated: After these railroad companies
have been organized, if they cannot get the quan-
tity of odd sections of land to which the bill en-
titles them, within six miles on either side of the
road, they may select such deficiency from any
of the public lands lying within fifteen miles on
either side of the road, and yet not even one of
the reserved sections outside of the six, and with-
in the fifteen miles,is increased to §2 SO an acre.
Do you not see, then, that the operation is an un-
fair one. When it declares to the country that a
quantity of land equal to that donated to the road
is doubled in price and reserved by the Govern-
ment for sale, it is perfectly manifest that the dec-
laration is not correct.
I The next remark I wish to make is in regard
, to the argument relied upon here, that the Gov-
ernment being the proprietor should contribute
to the constructions of these improvements, as it
would be a judicious appropriation of the public
land. Why, sir, what would bo thought of that
individual who, owning six hundred acres of
land, should, on being called upon, contribute
! more than three hundred acres of his tract for the
1 purpose of getting a railroad to run alongside of
; what was left ? Yet such is the operation of this
policy. The Government being the proprietor.
> and having this land in trust for the benefit of the
■ States, is to be made to contribute to the building
of these roads more than one. half of its land,
within certain limits, running the entire length of
the roads. Is this such conduct as a man of ordi-
nary prudence and good sense would exhibit in
regard to the disposition of his own land? Not
at all. It is not pretended. No man would dream
of any such thing. Let us see how this matter
works. Here is the State of Iowa, which has
projected four roads, east and west, through
the entire State, a distance of three hundred
miles, in parallel lines. You give to each one the
alternate sections within six miles on either side,
and if they cannot get the requisite land within
that distance, they are authorized to go to a dis-
tance of fifteen miles making a distance of thirty
miles to each road. Here, then, are one hundred
and twenty miles in width, of the public lands
in Iowa,. covered by that grant, to secure the
construction of those four roads.
Well, now, look at it in another point of view.
Will it be pretended that these grants of land will
not construct the entire roads, pay the whole cost
of them, and leave to the companies which are to
be organized by the State Legislature an amount
with which to make a large dividend out of the
proceeds of the sales of the lands after the work
is completed? Take, for an illustration, the Illi-
nois Central railroad, one of the first measures
of the kind passed by Congress. A charter was
granted by the Legislature of Illinois to certain
individuals in the States of New York and Mas-
sachusetts, who were to take these lands and
construct the road for them. What has been the
result? The work has been commenced and car-
ried on successfully, and the road is now in run-
ning order. Their fares and freights for themonth
of February have increased from $59,000, in the
year 1855, to $130,000 for the month of February,
1856, showing an increase of more than one hun-
dred per cent, from this source alone. Their
lands are now being brought into market; they
are advertised to the country for sale, and held
out to purchasers at prices ranging from five to
thirty dollars per acre, as I am informed, and
this in a State, too, where gentlemen a few years
ago were complaining that their lands were too
high at $1 25 per acre, and saying there ought
to be a graduation measure passed to reduce the
price for the purpose of encouraging settlements
upon those identical lands. Now, sir, does this
mode of disposing of them tend to encourage
the settlement of those lands? Are you passing
measures calculated to advance the interest of
actual settlers when you place the lands in the
hands of corporations, and give them unlimited
authority and power to sell them for any price
they can get. from five to thirty dollars per acre?
Well, it is said now, after this Illinois road has
been completed, and when they are paying a sec-
retary a salary of $5,000 a year, and paying other
officers salaries at a like high rate, when their
lands are presented in market, and when it is
proclaimed in their report that the whole improve-
ment can be made, and a surplus left, from the
sale of the land, that we, in making this grant,
have acted the part of a prudent proprietor.
Sir, what has become of the cry which wo
heard in this Hall a few years ago, about land
for the landless, and homes for the houseless?
That cry was popular two or three years ago here,
and a measure was actually passed through this
House upon the agrarian principle of donating
the public lands to those having no lands. Now
that is abandoned, and the very same parties
who advocated that measure come in and pro-
pose to make a donation of land which shall in-
crease the cost of what remains from double to
fortyfold to those very men who now have no
land, and who are struggling to acquire a few
acres.
Look at the matter in another point of view.
This country is almost overrun with corporations
of one sort or another. Here are city corpo-
rations, and local town corporations, and you are
connecting the one with the other by these rail-
roads, anil binding one corporation to another by
ties which will hold them together in one com-
mon body, to struggle for the promotion of com-
mon interests. We see the power which is wielded
by this one corporation in Illinois now—its own
selfish interests are consulted, at the expense
of the interests of the great body of the people.
Pecuniary profit is the great object of all railroad
corporations, and hence it is their rates of charges
