'538
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
people think I un quite too conservative on that subject. I
takr this occasion to say that all the plans&nd proceedings
of the Society have met my approbation; and I assert that
it has never done a single act with wluch any political
part)' or the people of any section of the country can justly
find fault. The name of its President, Mr. Brown, of Prov-
dence. and of Us Treasurer, Mr. Lawrence, of Boston, are
a sufficient guarantee in the estimation of intelligent men
against its being engaged in any fanatical enterprise. Its
stockholders are composed of men of all political parties
except Abolitionists. I nm not aware that it has received
the patronage of that class of our fellow-cinieas, and I am
informed that some of them disapprove of its proceedings."
The acts of the Company have been such an
might be expected from auspices thus severely
careful at all points. The secret, through which,
with small means, it has •been able to accomplish
so much, is, that, as an inducement to emigration,
it has gone fenrnrd and planted capital in advance
Of population. According to the old immethodicnl
system, this rule is reversed; and population has
been left to grope blindly, without the advantage
of fixed centers, with mills, schools, and churches
:—all calculated to soften the hardships of pioneer
life—such as have been established beforehand
in Kansas. Here, sir, is the secret of the Emi-
grant Aid Company. By this single principle,
■which is now practically applied for the first time
in history, and which has the simplicity of genius,
a business association at a distance, without a
large capital, has become a beneficent instrument
of civilization, exercising the functions of various
Societies, and in itself being a Missionary Socie-
ty , a Bible Society, a Tract Society, an Education
Society, and a Society for the Diffusion of the
Mechanic Arts. I would not claim too much
for this Company; but I doubt if, at this mo-
ment, there is any Society, which is so com-
pletely philanthropic; and since its leading idea,
like the light of a candle from which other candles
are lighted without number, may be applied in-
definitely, it promises to be an important aid to
Human Progress. The lesson it teaches cannot
be forgotten, and hereafter, wherever unsettled
lands exist, intelligent capital will lead the way,
anticipating the wants of the pioneer—nay,doing
the very work of the original pioneer—while,
amidst well-arranged harmonies, a new commu-
nity will arise, to become, by its example, a more
eloquent preacher than any solitary missionary.
In subonlination to this essential idea, is its
humbler machinery for the aid of emigrants on
their way, by combining parties, so that friends
and neighbors might journey together; by pur-
chasing tickets at -wholesale, and furnishing them
to individuals at the actual cost; by providing for
each party a conductor familiar with the road,
and, through these simple means, promoting the
economy, safety, and comfort, of the expedition.
The number of emigrants it has directly aided,
even thus slightly, in their journey, has been
infinitely exaggerated. From the beginning of
its operations down to the close of the last autumn,
all its detachments from Massachusetts contained
only thirteen hundred and twelve persons.
Such is the simple tale of the Emigrant Aid
Company. Sir, not even suspicion can justly
touch it. But it must be made a scapegoat. This
is the decree which has gone forth. I was hardly
.surprised at this outrage, when it proceeded from
the President, for, like Macbeth, he is stepped
so far in, that returning were as tedious as go on;
but I did not expect it from the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr. Gteter,] whom I had learned to
respect fbr the general moderation of his views,
ana the name he has won in an honorable pro-
fession. Listening to him, I was saddened by
the spectacle of the extent to which Slavery will
sway a candid mind to do injustice. Had any
other interest been in question, that Senator would
have scorned to join in impeachment of such an
association. His instincts as a lawyer, as a man
of honor, and as a Senator, would have forbidden;
but the Slave Power, in enforcing its behests,
allows no hesitation, and the Senator surrendered.
In this vindication, I content myself with a
statement of facts, rather than an argument. It
might be urged that Missouri had organized a
propagandist emigration long before any from
Massachusetts, and you might be reminded of the
wolf in the fable, which complkined of the lamb
for disturbing the waters, when in fact the alleged
offender was Tower down on the stream. It might
be urged, also, that South Carolina has lately
entered upon a similar system—while one of her
chieftains, in rallying recruits, has unconsciously
attested to the cause in which he was engaged,
by exclaiming, in the wonta of Satan, addressed
to his wicked forces,
"Awake! arise! or be forever fatten
Mr. EVANS. I should be glad to have the
fsntieman state where he got that information,
know something about South Carolina, and I
never heard of any such thing, and I do not think
it exists.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon;
it was in a speech or letter of one of the gentle-
men enlisted in obtaining emigrants in South
Carolina. But the occasion needs no such de-
fenses. I put them aside. Not on the example
of Missouri, or the example of South Carolina,
but on inherent rights, which no man, whether
Senator or President, can justly assail, do I plant
•i--'-- •'* ' It will not do, in
State
policy from foreign
interference, and then to assume such wrongful
interference by this Company. By the law and
Constitution, we stand or fall; and that law and
C&istitutfem we have in no respect offended.
To cloak the overthrow of all law in Kansas,
an assumption is now set up, which utterly denies
one of the plainest rights of the people every-
where. Sir, I beg Senators to understand that
this is a Government of laws; and that, under
these laws, the people have an incontestable right
to settle any portion of our broad territory, and,
if they choose, to propagate any opinions there,
not openly forbidden by the laws. If this were
not so, pray, sir, by what title is the Senator
from Illinois, who is an emigrant from Vermont,
propagating his disastrous opinions in another
State ? Surely he has no monopoly of this right.
Others may do what he is doing; nor can the
right be in any way restrained It is as broad
as the people; and it matters not whether they
go in numbers small or great, with assistance or
without assistance, under the auspioeB of socie-
ties or not under sueh auspices. If this were not
so, then, by what title are so many foreigners
annually naturalised, under Democratic auspices,
in order to secure their votes for misnamed Dem-
ocratic principles? And if capital as well as
combination cannot be employed, by what title do
venerable associations exist, of ampler means and
longer duration than any Emigrant Aid Company,
around which cluster the regard and confidence
of the country—the Tract Society, a powerful
corporation, which scatters its publications freely
j in every corner of the land—the Bible Society,
an incorporated body, with large resources, which
seeks to carry the Book of Life alike into Terri-
tories and States—the Missionary Society, also
an incorporated body, with large resources,which
j sends its agents everywhere, at home and in for-
eign lands? By what title do all these exist?
Nay, sir, by what title does an Insurance Com-
pany in New York send its agent to open an office
in New Orleans, rfbd by what title does Massa-
chusetts capital contribute to the Hannibal and
St. Joseph Railroad in Missouri, and also to the
copper mines of Michigan ? The Senator inveighs
against the Native American party; but his own
principle is narrower than any attributed to them.
S They object to the influence of emigrants from
> abroad; he objects to the influence of American
citizens at home, when exerted in States or Ter-
ritories where they were not born ! The whole
assumption is too audacious for respectful argu-
ment. But since a great right has been denied,
the children of the Free States, over whose cra-
dles has shone the North Star, owe it to them-
selves, to their ancestors, and to Freedom itself,
that this right should now be asserted to the full-
est extent. By the blessing of God, and under
the continued protection of the laws, they will go
to Kansas, there toplant their homes, in the hope
of elevating this Territory soon into the sister-
hood of Free States; and to such end they will
not hesitate, in the employment of all legitimate
means, whether by companies of men or contri-
butions of money, to swell a virtuous emigration,
and they will justly scout any attempt to question
this unquestionable right. Sir, if they failed to do
this, they would be fit only for slaves themselves.
God be praised! Massachusetts, honored
Commonwealth that gives me the privilege to
plead for Kansas on this floor, knows her rights,
and will maintain them firmly to the end. This
is not the first time in history, that her public
acts have been arraigned, and that her public
men have been exposed to contumely. Thus was
it when, in the olden time, she began the great
battle whose fruits you all enjoy. But never yet
has she occupied a position so lofty as at this
hour. By the intelligence of her population—
by the resources of her industry—by her com-
merce, cleaving every wave—by her manufac-
tures, various as human skill—by her institutions
of education, various as human knowledge—by
her institutions of benevolence, various as human
' suffering—by the pages of her scholars and his-
torians—by the voices of her poets and orators,
she is now exerting an influence more subtile and
commanding than ever before—shooting her far-
darting rays wherever ignorance, wretchedness,
or wrong, prevail, and flashing light even upon
those who travel far to persecute her. Such is
Massachusetts, and I am proud to believe that
you may as well attempt, with puny arm, to top-
ple down the earth-rooted, heaven-kissing granite
which crowns the historic sod of Bunker Hill,as
to change her fixed resolves for Freedom every-
where, and especially now for Freedom in Kan-
sas. I exult, too, that in this battle, which sur-
passes far in moral grandeur the whole war of
the Revolution, she is able to preserve her just
eminence. To the first she contributed a larger
i number of troops than any other State in the
Union, and larger than all the Slave States to-
gether; and now to the second, which is not of
contending armies, but of contending opinions,
1 on whose issue hangs trembling the advancing
civilization of the country, she contributes,
through the manifold and endless intellectual
activity of her children, more of that divine
spark by which opinions are quickened into life,
than is contributed by any other State, or by all
the Slave States together, while her annual pro-
ductive industry excels in value three times the
whole vaunted cotton crop of the whole South.
Sir, to men on earth it belongs only to deserve
success; not to secure it; and I know ltot how
soon the efforts of Massachusetts will wear the
crown of triumph. But it cannot be that she
acts wrong for herself or children, when in this
cause she thus encounters reproach. No; by the
fenerous souls who were exposed at Lexington;
y those who stood arrayed at Bunker Hill; by
the manv from her bosom who, on all the fields
of the nrst great struggle, lent their vigorous
arms to the cause of all; by the children she has
borne, whose names alone are national trophies,
is Massachusetts now vowed irrevocably to this
work. What belongs to the faithful servant she
will do in all things, and Providence shall de-
termine the result.
And here ends what I have to say of the four
Apologies for the Crime against Kansas.
Having spoken three hours, he yielded to a
motion to adjourn.
Tuesday, May 30,1856.
To-day Mr. SUMNER concluded thus:
III. From this ample survey, where one ob-
struction after another has been removed, I now
pass, in the third place, to the consideration of
the various remedies proposed, ending with the
True Remedy.
The Remedy should be coextensive with the
, original Wrong; and since, by the passage of the
I Nebraska Bill, not only Kansas, but also Ne-
braska, Minnesota, Washington, and even Ore-
fon, have been opened to Slavery, the original
'rohibition should be restored to its complete
activity throughout these various Territories.
By such a happy restoration, made in good faith,
the whole country would be replaced in the con-
dition which it enjoyed before the introduction
( of that dishonest measure. Here is the Alpha
i and the Omega of our aim in this immediate con-
i troversy-. But no such extensive measure is
\ now in question. The Criipe against Kansas has
j been special, and all else is absorbed in the special,
remedies for it. Of these I shall now speak.
