548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
f had been determined eighteen months before he
■was elected a member of this body. Does the
reason of the case apply ? What possible reason,
■what possible motive, can be assigned for pro-
hibiting his eligibility to office for nine years,
•when he resigned at the expiration of one year ?
If itapply to him from the moment of resignation,
it could by analogy apply only for the term he
actually served, and one year thereafter. That
would be pursuing the analogy exactly. The
constitution of Illinois, inits terms taken literally,
e+idently presupposes that the judge was to serve
for the nine years; and therefore it provides that,
during that service—which, in this connection,
would be perfectly equivalentto the word " term"
—while he holds the power of one office, he shall
not be elected to another. But here the service
was -only for one year; and more than a year
thereafter he was elected to another office. "Why
nfot ? Do you say it comes within the literal pro-
vision? Suppose it does, is the literal provision
to govern; or is that construction which aims to
accomplish the true meaning and intent of the
instrument to be respected ? Why, sir, lawyers
have a maxim on this subject; that in such a case
to sticlt in the letter of the law is to stick in the
bark. You are not to do that. The will and
' intent of those who make the law or the constitu-
tion, and who have power to make it, ought to
fovern. The letter of the law may be obscure,
ts letter must be taken in connection with the
whole instrument, and the reason of the instru-
ment, and is to be construed according to the spirit
and intent of the framers of that instrument. So
construed, it is quite clear to my mind that this
provision in the constitution of Illinois has no
reasonable application to the facts of the present
ease.
What was the term for which this gentleman
was elected judge ? In contemplation and anti-
cipation it was nine years, but, according to the
fiicts as they afterwards turned out, he was only
elected for the term which he actually served. Is
not that so? Such a construction as this would
make the letter of the law conform to the reason
of the law. Its framers contemplated and sup-
posed that, when he was elected, he was in fact
elected for the whole term of nine years; but his
resignation within that period shows that, in point
of truth and fact, though the legal term for which
he might have held was nine years, he only held
the office for one year, and of course it was for
that term, and that term only, that he was in
point of fact elected. It was more than one year
after that time before he was chosen by the Legis-
lature to the Senate of the United States.
I contend, therefore, sir, that, according to the
fair and rational construction of this instrument,
it does not apply to the case of an officer who re-
signed more than twelve months before his election
to the Senate. What is the authority on this sub-
feet? The highest possible. It is the authority of
the Legislature of the State, who are charged with
the election of a Senator of the United States,
and who are bound to observe the State constitu-
tion, and also the Constitution of the United
States. Who but they have the power to determ-
ine the true meaning of their own constitution
in relation to this particular subject? Will the
Senate interpose against the action of the Legis-
lature in deciding a question on their own con-
Btitutioikand law, and settle it for them ? Look to
the analogy of the Federal judiciary. They do
not decide the statute of a State to be invalid be-
cause of its conflict with the State constitution.
That is a matter for the State courts. The Fed-
eral courts do not interfere to say to the State
Legislature, "Your act is unconstitutional, be-
cause it conflicts with your own Constitution "
If it conflicts with the Constitution of the United
States, then it is a proper question for the Fed-
eral judiciary. Surely we may allow the Legis-
lature of the State, invested by the Constitution
of the United States with the power and agency
of electing a Senator of the United States, to de-
termine whether or not there is a constitutional
provision of their own State interfering with the
election which they actually make. They have
decided it. If this body were now to deprive
this gentleman, their elected Representative, of
his seat, they would decide contrary to the judg-
ment of the Legislature of the State on their own
State constitution. We ought to be slow to do
that, if we can do it all.
But passing by the decision of the State Legis-
lature, as authority, and resting simply on the
reasonable construction of the constitution of
Illinois, I say the reason of the provision can have
no application to the present case; because not
one of the many objections which would apply
to allowing-the incumbent of a State office to bo
elected to another office during the term for which
he was elected, exists in the case of a gentleman
who had resigned more than twelve months before
his election to this body. The mischief has ceased;
the case no longer exists to which the reason and
policy of the provision can possibly have any
application. If the letter embraces it, the sense
of the law and the reason of the law rcject it.
Sir, this is what our reason would dictate to us;
and this is the sort of reason embraced by the
law, in the ordinary construction of courts of
justice. Blackstone puts you the case of a city
in which there had been much bloodshed and pri-
vate broils in the street, and a-law is passed, he
says, inflicting capital punishment on any man
who shall shed blood in the street. That is the
law, without any qualification or any excep-
; tion—whoever shall .shed blood in the street of
! this city shall be punished for it with death.
! Soon after the passage of this law some man fell
1 m the street and was so violently injured that the
medical gentleman who was called to his assist-
ance found it necessary to bleed him, and did
bleed him in the street. He was a man who shed
blood in the street. Did that come within the
law? It was precisely -within its letter; but where
was the reason of the law ? It had no application
to it, and therefore it was not within the law.
This is about as strong a case as that. Here is
the case of a gentleman having resigned his office
more than twelve months, and then being elected
to this body. His case presents none of the mis-
chiefs; it is subject to none of the objections upon
whh-h the law was founded, in reference to the
actual incumbents of office.
It is perfectly clear to my mind, then, Mr.
President—though, perhaps, 1 should not speak
so strongly before this honorable body—it is quite
clear, and my mind is quite satisfied, that this
case docs not come within the meaning and the
purview of the constitution of the State of Illi-
nois.
Other questions might be made: whether it
was intended to apply to the election of an officer
under tin; General Government, or merely to
Stato officers; but I do not dwell on that point.
I go upon the general reason of the case. I sny
that the reason of the ease does not apply to the
instance of this gentleman at all. So much, then,
for the construction and application of the con-
stitution of the State of Illinois.
Now, sir, suppose I am wrong; suppose that,
without any reason, without any motive, without
any mischief to be suppressed, without any foun-
dation for any of the objections applicable to the
incumbent of office, this constitution shall, bythe
force of its mere letter, bo applied to this case, and
that it does create, so far as it can act, an imped-
iment, an obstacle to the election of this gentle-
man, is such a provision valid, or can it affect his
right, when we look to the Constitution of the
United States under which the Senate has been cre-
ated? I think clearly not. We arc to look to the Con-
stitution of the United States for the whole frame
of this Government. It has created all the powers
and all the instruments of this Government. It has
created the Senate. Before this creation, neither
' the State of Illinois as such, nor any other State
j in the Union, had any power to elect a Senator.
! There was no such office to be filled by them as
| Senator of the United States. Their agency was
I simply employed by the Federal Constitution.
| The agency of the Legislatures of the several
States was employed to elect Senators who con-
stitute this body. It is an all-important branch
of the Government. The designation of the
power that was to elect.; the designation of the
persons qualified to be elected, all entered into the
very essence of the subject. All this was to have
its influence on this Government. All and every
single circumstance of this was to have its influ-
ence in connecting the State governments and
the General Government, and in connecting them
in such a way as to preserve that species of po-
litical relations bctwee n them which it was thought
would operate most advantageously to all.
This was the view of the framers of the Con-
stitution of the United States. It was a subject
for them whether the Legislatures should elect
Senators, whether the people should elect them,
or whether the Governors of the several States
should appoint them. All this was within the
competency of the framers of the Constitution.
Neither people, nor Governors, nor Legislatures,
had previously any power to elect or appoint a
Senator. There was no such officer; there was
no such power. The whole was a new creation.
The Constitution determines that the power to
choose Senators shall be in the Legislatures of
the several States. The power to elect Senators
was committod to the Legislatures. Who shall
they be? was the next question. The question
was, how to designate a Senator by some pre-
scribed qualification, so as to fix the class from
which he should come. Shall he be a man who
is required to possess any particular amount of
fortune ? Shall he be a man who must be sub-
jected to some religious test ? Of what age shall
ne be ?
Were not all these points fairly presented to
the framers of the Constitution of the United
States? Were they not important questions to
be acted upon and decided ? They were framing
the Government. The constitution of this body
was an essential part of the Government. That
was to depend on the parties, or the condition of
the parties, out of whom they would make this
great council of the nation. Should'hc be a citi-
zen ? Might they select him anywhere ? Should
he be an inhabitant of his State ? Might he be
of any age?
All these subjects being considered, the Con-
stitution of the United States decides upon the
whole matter, by providing that each Senator
shall be of the age of thirty years, shall have
been at least nine years a citizen of the United
States, and shall be an inhabitant of the State
.from which he is chosen.
Now, sir, does not this cmbrace the whole
; .subject ? Does it not regulate the whole subject ?
According to the plain meaning of-the Federal
| Constitution every inhabitant of a Stale, thirty
; years of age, who has been nine years a citizen
j of the United States, is eligible to the office of
Senator. What more can be said about it? It
i is now supposed by those who contend that Mr.
J Trumbull is not entitled to his seat, that it is
J competent for a State, by its constitution—and I
i suppose they would equally contend by any law
j which the Legislature might from time to time
pass—to superadd additional qualifications. The
| Constitution of the United States, they say. has
; only in part regulated the subject, and therefore
i it is no interference with that Constitution to
i make additional regulations. This, I think it
j will be plain to all, is a mere sophism, when you
j come to consider it. If it was a power within
j the regulation of, and proper to be regulated by,
i the Constitution of the United States, and if that
| Constitution has qualified it, as I have stated,
j prescribing the age, prescribing the residence,
1 prescribing the citizenship, was there anything
| more intended ? If so, the framers of the Con-
I stitution would have said so. The very enumera-
• tion of these qualifications excludes the idea that
they intended any other qualifications. That is
the plain rule of ordinary construction; but, for
a reason above all technical considerations, it is
applicable here. The object of the Federal Con-
stitution was to have a body framed by a uniform
rule throughout the United States, coming here
to constitute this great council of the country—
coming here by the agency of the same elective
power, the State Legislatures—coming here under
the same requirements, and with the "same quali-
fications—and standing here upon a perfect and
exact equality m all respects to represent the
nation justly and equally, and with a sole regard
to the common welfare of the Republic.
Must not this have been the idea in the con-
templation of the framers of the Constitution ?
Undoubtedly it must. We cannot in justice to
them impute any other view or any other motive.
We arp told now that they have only regulated
the subject in part; and therefore, as to the resi-
due, the States may regulate. That is the argu-
ment. How can you say they have only regu-
lated it in part ? I say they have given to it all
the regulation which they intended it should have.
They have prescribed but few qualifications. They
have prescribed a broad and almost universal rule
