1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
of eligibility. They inter) ded to leave the honor of
these seats open to every man coming within the
prescribed qualification. This was the broad,
general principle of republicanism on which the
Government was founded. Every man of the
requisite age, if he has been a citizen for nine years,
anu is an inhabitant of a State, is eligible to the
Senate of the United States from that State. Out
of this broad circle, the Legislatures were told to
make their own selection. That is the constitu-
tional principle and the constitutional rule by
which the Senate exists, and there is no other.
We are told, however, that the States may
superadd to what the Constitution of the United
States regulates! Why, sir, the whole object of
the Constitution of the United States could not
be more completely subverted by eradicating from
the Constitution the positive qualifications which
it requires, than it would bo in substance and
virtually by superadding qualifications. If the
Constitution has not thought proper to make
further qualifications, what is the reason of it? It
is because its framers did not desire any other to
be made. Did they intend carefully to make these'
qualifications, and then to leave it to the States
to make any which, according to their casual will,
or wish, or caprice, they might, from time to
time, make ? Was this grave body—intended to
be the great council of the country—left to be
changed and diversified by different tests to be
made and applied in one State and in another
State? I suppose, if that were the case, we should
now have ringing in our cars calls for conven-
tions to make new constitutions to denounce and
disqualify Nebraska bill men in one State, and
anti-Nebraska bill men in another State. 3n one
State we should be told none but a Catholic could
be elected, and in another none but an anti-
Catholic. When these qualifications weie once
made, of course the States could changc them
from time to time, as the public whim or public
passion, animated and actuated by personal in-
terests, by selfish purposes, and selfish projects,
might dictate. One party would proscribe one
party to-day, and another to-morrow. You might
use it for all these purposes; and would that
accomplish the purposes of the framers of the
Constitution? Surely not.
Is it possible that, when the grave men who
made the Constitution of the United States were
fixing it on a solid and immutable foundation,
and prescribed everything that was to be pre-
scribed, they left their great work to all the casu-
alties and all the chances under which occasional
passions, occasional follies, and occasional ca-
prices, pervading one part or another part of the
United States, may demand new qualifications,
and new tests of competency for JSenatorship ?
1 cannot think so. The bare suggestion is suffi-
cient; and therefore I think that I should not be
very excusable for trespassing longer on the pa-
tiencc of gentlemen who, I have every right to
suppose, understand this subject as well as or
better than I do, and are prepared to pronounce'
their opinion upon it. . ^
Mr. President, the gentleman whose seat is
contested has now been in the occupation of it
for three months. It is a question of privilege.
There has been an extraordinary delay; and I
hope, without any very prolonged or protracted
debate on the subject, the Senate will be ready to
decide that he is entitled, in the language of the
resolution now under consideration, to continue
in bis seat—as much entitled to it as any Senator
who hears me to the seat which ho occupies.
Sir, I have looked but little into the precedents.
The reason of this case, and the construction of
the several principles applicable to it, have ap-
peared to me so plain, that I did not-think much
sanction could be given to them by precedents
one way or the other. Provisions of this nature
have crept into many of the State constitutions,
but nowhere, I believe, have they been thought
binding. I believe that my honored friend, who
sits near me, from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] who
so illustrates and distinguishes his place and his
State, is sitting here elected under precisely the
same sort of test. In the great puritanical zeal
of the framers of the State constitution of Ten-
nessee, it was declared that no member of the
Legislature should be elected to the Senate of the
United States; but in the face of that provision
my honored friend was elected to this body and
took his seat without question. There arc many
varieties of these qualifications or rather disquali-
fications. The Constitution of the United States
has described what the qualifications of a Senator
should be; and not only a want of them is to be
applied to the party, but the election is to be op-
posed, or vacated, and the State is to add its list
of disqualifications. Is that principle sustainable?
Now, if the Senate shall be of the opinion that
this gentleman is entitled to his seat, they will
so vote. If they think the constitution of Illinois
does not apply to the facts of this case, there is
an end of it. If that provision receives a con-
struction which brings it into conflict with the
Constitution of the United States, it seems to me
it cannot be much of a question to say that the
constitution of Illinois, and every provision of it
made by the authority of a State, must be de-
clared to be, so far as the conflict extends, null
and void, when opposed to the Constitution of
the United States. If the Senate shall be of
opinion either that the case docs not come within
the constitution of the State of Illinois, or that
the constitution of Illinois does come in conflict
with the Constitution of the United States, and
is to that extent null and void, and that it was
not competent for the State constitution to super-
add any qualifications or disqualifications to those
prescribed in the Constitution of the United
States, either on the one ground or on the other,
it is clear that this resolution ought to be adopted.
Mr. President, in these remarks I have made
no reference to precedents. The opinion which I
have expressed here as to the last question,
namely, that the Constitution of the United States
has assumed to itself the exclusive regulation of
this subject, and that no State can add any dis-
qualification or require any new qualification, is
confirmed by the highest judicial and legal authori-
ties in the land, Judge Story expressly treats of this
question. I shall not, before this honorable body,
undertake to cite authorities as might be proper
before a court of justice; I shall content myself
with stating them. Judge Story, in his Comment-
aries on the Constitution, treats on this very
question, and he says the States have no power
whatever to add any qualifications to those re-
quired by the Constitution of the United States.
They have a mere agency to elect according to the
lule prescribed by the Constitution of the United
States. Their agency is to select a man with the
qualifications required by the Constitution of the
United States—so, it is clear, the subject is con-
sideredby Judge Kentin his Commentaries on the
Constitution; and so it is equal!v clear that Mr.
Madison, in the numbers of the federalist which
he wrote on these branches of the Constitution,
explaining them, never dreamed at that early day
that such a pretension would be set up as that a
State had a right to take the qualifications of a
Senator in its own hands, and to prescribe what
should be the qualifications of the man who should
be elected from that State. All these authorities
are in perfect coincidence with the opinions that
I have so feebly announced to you.
With these remarks, however, I shall leave the
subject to the consideration of the Senate.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I announced to
the Senate the other day, that I should ofier a
resolution adverse to the right of Mr. Trumbull
to a seat in this body, but I expressed my willing-
ness that the discussion should proceed on that
which was offered by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden. J
My colleagues of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary will understand, although the Senate may
not, the reasons which induce me to speak at this
stage of the discussion. It is not that I cherish
any disfavor toward the gentleman whose claim
of membership we must now decide; nor because
I wish to render myself at all important m the
eyes of other Senators or of the public; but the
questions involved in this case are ot yrcat conse-
quence. They have been under consideration by
the committee for almost three months, and our
honored chairman [Mr. Butler] has reported, at
last, that we find ourselves unable, as a com-
mittee, to pronounce any opinion.
The Senate exercises a judicial authority, under
the Constitution, in cases like the present; and
according to the older precedents, when a court
is divided, I proceed to deliver my judgment, first
of all, as the junior member of the committee to
which the matter was referred, to the end that,
whatever defects shall appear in my conclusions,
or arguments, may be supplied from the experi-
ence and the wisdom of my learned colleagues.
For the same reason, Mr. President, I will not
address the Senate as upon a subject of legisla-
tion, but confine myself to the judicial form of
speech.
It appears that on the 8th of February, 1855,
the two Houses of the Illinois Legislature held a
convention for the purpose of electing u Senator
in Congress from that State, and that ninety-nine
votes were cast; of which Lyman Trumbull re-
ceived fifty-one,and Joel A. Matteson forty-sevon.
Archibald Williams received one vote-; and one
member was absent. Upon the announcement of
this ballot, the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives, as president of the convention, de-
clared that Lyman Trumbull had been elected a
Senator in the Congress of the United States for
the term of six years, commencing on the fourth
day of March thereafter. Mr. Trumbull's cer-
tificate of election, which has been presented to
the Senate, is under the signature of this officer,
and not the signature of the Governor of the
State.
It appears, furthermore, that on the 7th of
June, 1852, Mr. Trumbull was elected a judge of
the supreme court of Illinois for the term of nine
years; that lie was qualified in due form of law;
and that he entered upon the performance of his
judicial duties. This office he resigned on tho
4 th of July, 1853, when a successor was chosen.
Against the validity of Air. Trumbull's elec-
tion as Senator, thirteen members—a majority—of
the State Senate, and twenty-five Representatives
have formally protested.
The constitution of Illinois, signed at Spring-
field, August 31,1847, provides that judges of tho
supreme court shall be elected for the term of nine
years; and in article fifth, section tenth, holds this
language:
"The judges of the Mipreme and circuit courts shall not
be eligible to any other office or public Uuttof profit, in thw
State or the United Btatcs, during the term for winch they
arc elcctech nor for one year thereafter. All votes for cither
of them for any elective office (except that of judge of tho
supreme oi circuit court) jnven by the Geneial Assembly,
or the people, shall be \oid.JJ
Clearly, therefore, if the constitution of Illinois
can have the least effect, Mr. Trumbull was riot
elected a Senator from that State on the 8th of
February, 1855, inasmuch as his judicial term
had not then expired.
Mr. Trumbull's resignation, in June, 1853,
does not aifeet the case at all. The "term of
his election, evidently, was nine years. The pro-
hibition is not restricted to the period of his actual
service, as the Senator from Kentucky seems to
think, but to the full term for which he was elected.
The Senator from Kentucky says that we are
to'look to the intentions of the law-maker. t What
the intention of the framers of the constitution
of Illinois was, will appear before I shall hayfe
concluded my remarks; but I have this to say to
the Senator, "that the best interpretation of tho
intention of the lawmaker is to be found in tho
remarks which he has used. There are many
provisions, in various constitutions, disqualify-
ing an officer during tho term of his service from
holding another office: and there are distinctions
drawn in the constitution of Illinois, and in other
constitutions, between the term of actual service
and the term for which an officer has been elected.
The question recurs, whether the constitution
of Illinois*shall be respected or annulled?
The Senator from Kentucky claims, in Mr.
Trumbull's behalf, that the Constitution of the
United States has prescribed tho qualifications
requisite for a Senator, and that no State can add
to, or subtract from, those qualifications. #
I am not disposed to try the virtue of this con-
clusion by logical tests; I deny the truth of its
premises. The Constitution of the United States
does not prescribe the qualifications of a Senator
in the sense here assumed. Its language is that
of exclusion, and not of qualification:
tx No person shall be a Senator who shall not have at-
tain I'd to the age of tlnrtv years, and bgen nine years a cit-
izen of the United Stated and who shall riot, when elected,
be an inhabitant of that .State foi wlucli lie shall be chosen."
In this instance, as in all others, the language
of the Constitution was aptly selected with a view
to the nature of our Federal Government. It wars
intended that each Senator should be thirty years
of age, and should have been nine years a citizen
of the United States, because the duties of his
