1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
589
34th Coxg....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
As the Apologies were four-fbld, so are the
Remedies proposed four-fold, and they range
themaelT''* in natural order, under designations
which so truly disclose their character as even to
superset argument. First, we have the Rem-
edy of Tyranny; next the Remedy of Folly;
next til? Remedy of Injustice and Civil War;
ami fourthly the Remedy of Justice and Peace.
Then- are the four caskets; and you are to de-
termine which shall be opened by Senatorial
rotes. •
There is the Remedy of Tyrunny, which,like its
complement, the Apology of Tyranny—though
e^jtoused on this floor, especially by the Senator
from Illinois—proceeds from the President, and
is embodied in a special message. It proposes to
enforce obedience to the existing laws of Kan-
ass, " whether Federal or local, when, in fact,
Kansas has no " local" laws except those im-
posed by the Usurpation from Missouri, and it
calls for additional appropriations to complete
tins work of tyranny.
I shall not follow the President in his elaborate
endeavor to prejudge the contested election now
pending in the HouSe of Representatives; for this ,
whole matter belongs to the privileges of that
body, and neither the President nor the Senate |
has a right to intermeddle therewith. I do not j
touch it. But now, while dismissing it, I should :
not pardon myself, if I failed to aad, that any
person who founds his claim to a seat in Congress
on the pretended votes of hirelings from another
State, with no home on the soil of Kansas, plays
the part of Anacharsis Clootz, who, at the bar
of the French Convention,undertook to represent
nations that knew him not, or, if they knew him,
scorned him; with this difference, that in our
American case, the excessive farce of the trans-
action cannot cover its tragedy. But all this I put
aside—to deal only with what is legitimately
before the Senate.
I expose simply the Tyranny which upholds
the existing Usurpation, and- asks for additional
appropriations. Let it be judged by an example,
from which in this country there can be no appeal.
Here is the speech of George III., made from the
Throne to Parliament, in response to the com- ,
plaints of the Province of Massachusetts Bay, !
. which, though smarting under laws passed by !
usurped power, had yet avoided all armed oppo-
sition, while Lexington and Bunker Hill still
slumbered in rural solitude, unconscious of the
historic kindred which they were soon to claim.
Instead of Massachusetts Bay, in the Royal
speech, substitute Kansas, and the message of
the President will be found fresh on the lips of
the British King. Listen now to the words,
which, in opening Parliament, 30th of November,
1774, his Majesty, according to the official report,
was pleased to speak: 1
"it grim me much concern that I am obliged,at the
opening of this Parliament, lo inform you that a most daring
tjnrit of resistance and duohedience to the law still unhap-
pily prevails in the Province of the Uimmimttti Bay, and
feuindiven para of it broke forth in fresh violences of a
vety enninal nature. That proceedings km* teem counte-
nanced in other of my Colonies, and unwarrantable attemvtt
hare teem made to obstruct the Comment of this Kingdom,
tmunionfulcomUmatiins. I have takeasoch measures and
given Meb orders aa I have Judged moat proper and effect-
ual for carrying Wo extentton tie lam vkich were patted,
w  tat last lotion of the late Parliament, for the protection
and seenrity of the Commerce of my subjects, and for the
restoring and preserving peace, order, and good government,
■a the Province of the MnmmthuitUi Bay." American
Archives, 4th Series, Vol. 1, p. 1465. j
The King complained of a " daring spirit of
resistance and disobedience to the law;" so also
-does the President. The King adds, that it has
" broke forth in fresh violences of a very criminal
nature;" so also does the President, The King
declares that these proceedings have been " coun-
tenanced and encouraged in other of my Colo-
nies;" even so the President declares that Kansas
has found sympathy in " remote States." The
King inveighs against "unwarrantable measures"
and "unlawful combinations;" even so inveighs
the President. The King proclaims that he has
taken the necessary steps " for carrying into
execution the laws," passed in defiance of the
institutional rights of the colonies; even so the
President proclaims that he shall " exert the
whole power of the Federal Executive" to s«|>-
11 port the Usurpation in Kansas. The parallel is
complete. The Message, if not copied from the
Speech of the King, has been fashioned on the
same original block, and must be dismissed to
the samelimbo. I dismiss its tyrannical assump-
tions in favor of the Usurpation. I dismiss also
its petition for additional appropriations in the
affected desire to maintain order in Kansas. It
is not money or troops that you need there; but
simply the good will of the President. That is
all, absolutely. Let his complicity with the Crime
eease, and peace will be restored. For myself,
I will not consent to wad the National artillery
with fresh appropriation bills, when its murder-
ous hail is to be directed against the constitu-
tional rights of my fellow-citizens.
Next cones the Remedy $ Folly, which, indeed,
is also a Remedy of Tyranny; but its Folly is so
surpassing as to eclipse even its Tyranny. It
does not proceed from the President. With this
proposition he is not in any way chargeable. It
comes from the Senator from South Carolina,
who, at the close of a long speech, offered it as
his single contribution to the adjustment of this
I question, and who thus far stands alone in its
i support. It might, therefore, fitly bear his name;
> but that which I now give to it is a more suggest-
ive synonim.
This proposition, nakedly expressed, is that
the people of Kansas should be deprived of their
arms. That I may not do the least injustice to
the Senator, I quote his precise words:
"flu President of the United States ts tinder the highest
and moat solemn obligations to interpose; and if I were to
indicate the manner in which he should inteifaae in Kan-
sas, I would point out the old conmon liif process. I
would serve a warrant oa Sharped rifles, and if Sharped
rifles did not answer the summons, and come into court
on a day certain, or if they resisted the sheriff, I would
sadtmon the posit e MMfaftu,"and would have Colonel Sum-
ner's regiment to be a part of that posse comiMu."
Really, sir, has it come to this ? The rifle has
ever been the companion of the pioneer, and,
under God, his tutelary protector against the red
man and the beast of the forest. Never was this
efficient weapon more needed in just self-defense,
than now in Kansas, and at least one article in
our National Constitution must be blotted out,
I before the complete right to it can in any way be
{ impeached. And yet such is the madness of the
1 hour, that, in defiance of the solemn guarantee, j
embodied in the Amendments to the Constitution, !
that " the right of the people to keep and bear j
arms shall not be infringed," the people of Kan- !
sas have been arraigned for keeping and bearing
them, and the Senator from South Carolina *" ■
had the face to aay openly, on this floor, that
' they should be disarmed—of course, tint the
] fanatics of Slavery, his allies and constituents,
i may meet no impediment. Sir, the Senator is
1 venerable with years; he is reputed also to have
worn at home, in the State which he represents,
judicial honors; and he is placed here at the head
i of an important committee occupied particularly
j with questions of law; but neither his years nor j
i his position, past or present, can give respects- ;
bilityto the demand he has made, or save him
from indignant condemnation, when, to compass
the wretched purposes of a wretched cause, he
thus proposes to trample on one of the plainest
provisions of constitutional liberty.
Next Comes the Remedy of Ivjtutiec and Civil
War—organized by Act of Congress. This prop-
osition, which is also an offshoot of the original
Remedy of Tyranny, proceeds from the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] with the sanction
of the Committee on Territories,anjiis embodied
in the Bill which is now pressed to a vote.
By this Bill it is proposed as follows:
"That whenever it sballappear, by a eensus to be taken
! under the direction oftbe Governor, by the authority of the
] Legislature, that there shall be 99,400 inhabitants (that
I being the number required by the present ratio of repre-
, sentation for a member of Congress) within the limits here- i
1 after described as the Territory of Kansas, the Legislature
I of laid Territory shall be, and it hereby, authorized to pro-
vidt by late for the election of delegate*,by the people ofsaid
Territory, to assemble in Convention and form a C'onstitu-
i tion and State Government, preparatory to their admission
into the Union on an equal footing with the original States
in all respects whatsoever, by the name of the State of
Kansas."
Now, mr, consider these words carefully, aad
you will see that, however plausible and velvet-
pawed they may seem, yet in reality they are
most unjust and cruel. While affecting to initiate
honest proceedings for the formation of a State,
they furnish to this Territory no redress for the
Crime under which it suffers; nay, they recognise
the very Usurpation, in which the Crime ended,
and proceed to endow it with new prerogatives.
It iafty the authority of the Legislature that the cen-
sus is to be taken, which is the first step in the
work. It is also by the authority of the Legislature
that a Convention is to be called for the formation
of a Constitution, which is the second step. But
the Legislature is not obliged to take either of
these steps. To its absolute willfulness is it left
to act or not to act ill the premises. And since,
in the ordinary course of business, there can be
no action of the Legislature till January of the
next year, all these steps, which are preliminary
in their character, are postponed till after that
distant day—thus keeping this great question
open, to distract and irritate the country. Clearly
this is not what is required. The country desires
peace at once, and is determined to have it. But
this otyection is slight by the side of the glaring
Tyranny, that, in recognizing the Legislature,
and conferring upon it these new powers, the Bill
recognizes the existing Usurpation, not only as
the authentic Government of the Territory for the
time being, but also as possessing a creative
power to reproduce itself in the new State. Pass
this Bill, and you enlist Congress in the conspir-
acy, not only to kfeep the people of Kansas in
their present Subjugation, throughout their Ter-
ritorial existence, but also to protract this subju-
gation into their existence as a State, while you
legalize and perpetuate the very force by which
Slavery has been already planted there.
I know that there is another deceptive clituse,
which seems to throw certain safeguards around
the election of delegates to the Convention, when
that Convention shall be ordered by the Legislature;
but out of this very clause do 1 draw a condem-
nation of the Usurpation which the Bill recog-
nizes. It provides that the tests, coupled wifli
the electoral franchise, shall not prevail in the
election ofdelegatestandthusimpliedly condemns
them. But if they are not to prevail on this
occasion, why are they permitted at the election
of the Legislature ? If tney are unjust in the one
case, thej are unjust in the other. If annulled at
the election of delegates, they should be annulled
! at the election of the Legislature; whereas the bill
| of the Senator leaves all these offensive tests in full
activity at the election of the very Legislature out of
, which this whole proceeding is to come, and it leaves
1 the polls at both elections in the control of the
j officers appointed by the Usurpation. Consider
| well the facts. By an existing statute, establish-
ing the Fugitive Slave Bill as a shibboleth, a large
portion of the honest citizens are excluded from
; voting for the Legislature, while, by another
statute, all who present themselves with the fee
of one dollar, whether from Missouri or not, and
who can utter this shibboleth, are entitled to vote.
And it is a Legislature thus chosen, uiider the
auspices of officers appointed by the Usurpation,
that you now propose to invest with parental
powers to rear the Territory into a State. You
recocnize and confirm the Usurpation, which you
ought to annul without delay. You put the in-
fant State, now preparing to take a place in our
sisterhood, to suckle with the wolf, which you
ought at once to kill. The improbable story of
Baron Munchausen is verified. The bear, which
thrust itself into the harness of the horse it had
devoured, and then whirled the sledge according
to mere brutal bent, is recognized by this bill, and
kept in its usurped place, when the safety of «U
requires that it should be shot.
In characterizing this Bill as the Remedy of
Injustice and Civil War, I give it a plain, self-
evident title. It is a continuation of the Crime
against Kansas, and as such deserves the same
condemnation. It can only be defended by those
who defend the Crime. Sir, you cannot expect
that the people of Kansas will submit to the
Usurpation which this bill sets up, and bids them
bow before—as the Austrian tyrant set up his cap
in the Swiss market-place. If you madly perse-
vere, Kansas will not be without her William
Tell, who will refuse at all hazards to recognize
