3 856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for freight and fare are always put at the highest
possible figure to which it can be put without
driving both from its line. And let me appeal to
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] to
gay whether, with this Central railroad now run-
ning through that State, there is not a probability
 a strong probability—that the power of that
corporation will sooner or later control the legis-
lation, designate the members of the General
Assembly, and direct and regulate the policy and
the politics of that State?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I will state to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, and to the House, that the
Central railroad, in the State of Illinois, does not
constitute one third of the railroads of that State;
and if the State was to come under the control of
that corporation, there would have to be a combi-
nation of interests, where there is now a diversity
of interests; I, therefore, apprehend that there is
no danger at any time that it can have control of
our Legislature in any way whatever; I, at least,
have no fear of it.
Mr. CADWALADER. Representing a State
in which this experiment of endowments in aid
of the corporate franchises of improvement com-
panies has been tried somewhat extensively, I
desire to say that the result of this experiment,
where we have seen it thus tested, has produced,
in my mind, a result altogether different from the
opinion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson.] I do not concur with him that
there is no ground for apprehension of the future
excrcise of dangerous political influences through
causes which this bill, in the regular course of
events, is likely to engender.
Mr. LETCHER. Precisely so; and I will
venture the prediction, notwithstanding the opin-
ions of my friend from Illinois, that before ten
years roll round the Central railroad corporation
of the State of Illinois will wield a power that
will regulate the politics of that State, and shape
the legislation of the State to accord with its own
interests and wishes. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois will take the facts in reference to every State
Legislature in this broad land, he will see that
the corporations, of one sort or other, have made
andenforced their demands for money and loans,
for the purposeof making improvements or of ex-
tending their works. They all combine, and,
where that combination is made, success in the
accomplishment of their objects is certain. When
and where has there been a failure, unless the
State was weighed down by debt, and burdened
with taxes ?
I think my friend from Illinois is mistaken, and
I beg leave to call his attention to Executive doc-
ument No. 88, to show the power of the Illinois
Central railroad, as it has already exhibited it in
these days of its infancy. The Illinois Central Rail-
road Company is united with the Galena Packet
Company, in the transportation of the mails,
and it is charged that, for the purpose of injuring
Dubuque and benefiting Dunleith, they resort to
every species of petty warfare upon the former.
And why is this ? It is because the railroad com-
pany are interested " in the ferry," " the ware-
houses," and the "hotel at DunleithIt is charged
that the mail has been left on the bank of the river
for " two or three days" at a time. It is alleged,
too, that they have failed to comply with the act
of Congress donating the land for the building
of this road. I quote from the document:
"Your memorialists, in tins connection, respectfully call
the attention of tiie President, and of the Post Office Depart-
ment, to the manner in which the provisions of the act of
Congress making the railroad grant to Illinois, approved
September 20,18q0, have been complied with,&o far as Du-
buque is concerned. The act provides that the branch of
the railroad in this direction shall extend, 'via the town
of Galena, to Dubuque, m the State of Iowa.' In point
of fact, the road actually terminates at Dunleith, in the
State of Illinois. In order to reach Dubuque, the passen-
ger proceeds to Dunleith, the fprminim of the road m point
of fact, and thence hires his passage to the terminus of the
road under the act of Congress, by a ferry-boat, owned m
great part by the agents and officers of the Illinois Central
Raihoad Company. The company does not ticket to Du-
buque, and all freight stops at the ea^t bank of the Missis-
sippi. Tickets may be bought on the line of the road, and at
New York, and the pi incipal cities oa^t, which will take
the passengei over this road, and will take him by the way
of the Galena Packet Company to St. Paul, and other
towns north of us on the river; but no ticket can be bought,
and no receipt for freight can be obtained, which will take
passengers or freight to Dubuque, without additional expense
Wlie'n the Mississippi is reached. Dubuque i  unkuowu
upon the tickets and waybills of the company.
-" Your memorialists submit that this is m violation of the
act of Congress aforesaid; that the company is bound by
that act to provide its own means of transportation of freight
and passengers to 'Dubuque, m the State of Iowa;* that,
m order fully to carry out the spirit and letter of that act,
the Illinois Central Railroad Company should do at this
place what other companies are doing at various places
below us, and are preparing to do at places above us, viz :
bridge the Mississippi; and, until such time as a bridge can be
constructed, the company should provide other means cyf its
own for continuing the transportation, so that the actual
terminus of the road shall be the same fixed by Congress.
We insist that, to make the practical terminus of the road
at Dunieith, is in violation of the act of Congress providing
for its construction, and that the road cannot be considered
as completed until the same has been extended to this city
by a bridge. JOHN G. SHIELDS,
" Mayor of the city of Dubuque.
u Per order of the City Council:
" P. W. Crawford, Recorder.
" F. v. GOODRICH,
i( President of the Board of Trade of Dubuque.
" Per order of the Board of Trade :
" Edwin James, Jr., Secretary.
" Dubuque, January 17, 1856."
We are next told that these companies are to
carry the mails at the price fixed by the Post-
master General. And'if the company and the
Postmaster General cannot agree, what is the
remedy? The company comes to this House,
which has created it, which has given it birth
and being and vitality, and this House will settle
between the Postmaster General and the railroad
company. How will it be settled ? If the power
of the company is so strong in this House l3efore
a dollar has been realized by the corporation, that
it can have a bill passed through under the opera-
tion of the previous question, and can gag down
every man who seeks to open his mouth here
against it, how much stronger will it be when the
road is made, and when money is daily and
hourly coming into its treasury?
I have another objection to these bills—I can-
not debate it, as I would like to do, within the
limited time allowed me. My objection to them
is this: my friend from Alabama- [Mr. Cobb]
was the old soldier's friend, here, in the last
Congress. He was for donating bounty land to
them, for giving them an increased quantity, so
as to make it one hundred and sixty acres. And
now what is he doing? He is now for donating
these lands to corporations, knowing, as he does,
that since the Iowa and Florida railroad bills
were passed the land warrants have been steadily
going down in price. He is for shutting up all
these lands required for railroads, and thereby
shutting off the old soldiers from every opportu-
nity of locating their warrants, and thus dimin-
ishing the price of them.
Mr. COBB. Will the gentleman from Virginia
allow me to state that I introduced the bounty
land bill of 1850, and voted for that also? .
Mr. LETCHER. Very well, sir. AncLpowthe
gentleman is trying to destroy those who were to
reap the benefit of his legislation. I am sorry to
see one who thought then that there was some-
thing due tc the old soldiers, and who helped to
procure their land warrants, seeking now to de-
stroy their value so as to make what he then con-
sidered an act of justice entirely worthless to
them. Now, take this case of the Iowa railroad
bill. When that bill was passed, the Commis-
sioner of the Genera] Land Office telegraphed to
the land offices there to close their offices. Land
is no longer to be taken by those warrants.
The land is no longer in the market. The rail*
roads must be accommodated. They must malce
their selection. The value of the land warrants
immediately fell three or four cents an acre. So
with the Wisconsin bill. When it becomes a law
the land warrants will, of course, take a further
fall.
Now it seems to me that all these are consid-
erations which ought to have some weight in
controlling the action of the House on this subject.
I should like to know, Mr. Speaker, how many
more bills there are yet behind this? I should
like to know how many more miles of railroad
are yet to be made—how many more acres of
public lands are yet to be taken for their con-
struction under the arrangements entered into by
the Committee on Public Lands? I should like
to hear from the chairman of that committee how
many more bills he has upon the stocks?
Mr. BENNETT. The committee has agreed
to report a bill for the State of Louisiana.
Mr. LETCHER. How many acres does that
propose to take ?
Mr. BENNETT. I cannot give you the exact
quantity; something less than half a million of
acres. There'is another bill for the. State of Mis-
sissippi
Mr. LETCHER. How many acres is that ?
Mr. BENNETT. A little over half a mil-
lion.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, how many acres for
these Alabama roads ?
Mr. COBB, (to Mr. Bennett.) Say a million
of acres, so as to make it a big sum.
Mr. LETCHER. Now I would like to -see
how my friends from the South have been juggled
by these-operations. According to the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, the land re-
quired under this Iowa bill is four millions tferee
hundred and twenty thousand acres; the Wis-
consin bill takes one million nine hundred thou-
sand acres; the Michigan bill gives abaiit one
million of acres—in all some seven millions two
hundred thousand acres. Now let us se6 how it
is with the South. Here is Mississippi; she is to
get five hundred thousand acres; Louisiana is to
get five hundred thousand acres; and then here
is the Alabama bill giving one million of*acres.
This makes two millions of acres for the South,
against seven millions for the North. Hew
much is Florida to have ?
Mr. BENNETT. I want to correct a mistake
ortwo into which the gentleman has fallen, unin-
tentionally no doubt. The fact was, that the
Iowa bill and the Wisconsin bill wefe printed
and lay here where every gentleman couldobtain
copies. I do not know whether the gettflemart
from Virginia was aware of the fact; but tlie bills
were seen* by a great many gentlemen then.
Now, as to the lands for Iowa: it is true, there
is a statement showing, as I understand, that
there are granted to Iowa over four millions, if the
State gets six sections for each mile of road. And
then it assumes that the railroad companies %fill
get six sections per mile, and that, if they do get
six sections per mile, that will make over four
millions of acres; but the fact is, that, if all the
roads in Iowa were to get the six sections per
mile, it would only be about three millions of
acres, as the length of the roads are overestimated.
But these four roads will not take up in the
whole as much as two roads would if there were
no lands already entered. Those roads being ih
the course of construction, entries Have been
largely made along the lines of those roads. The
roads would obtain over a million and a half of
acres, according to the estimate; but when that
estimate wae made, there were no returns of the
entries made since the first of March, which ought
to be embraced. There have been a great many
entries made on these routes since the first of
March, which would reduce that estimate very
much. I am confident that the estimate of a mil-
lion and a half will be found to be too high,
rather than too low, for all of the Iowa railroads.
The statement in the newspapers is calculated to
produce a wrongimpression. Itis estimated that
these railroads get land for all the length named,
which is really not the case. They do not get
lands for half their length, and never would have
been all reported by the committee if they did.
But as they gave to Iowa less than the grants
made to other States, they were inclined to make
a fair division among all the roads.
Mr. COBB. I now claim the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has not the gen-
tleman from Alabama already occupied the floor
on this question? How can he take the floor
again when there are others to claim it?
The SPEAKER. The state of the facts is this:
The gentleman from Alabama was on the floor.
The gentleman from Virginia asked to be allowed
to address the House on this question. The gen-
tleman from Alabama stated that he would yield
the floor for that purpose for thirty minutes, if
that were the sense of tne House. The Chair stated
the matter to the House, and there was no objec-
tion to the course proposed. The gentleman from
Virginia then proceeded with his remarks; when
he had occupied his time the gentleman from
Alabama claimed the floor.
Mr. JONES. Has the gentleman's hour-ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It is not yet out.
Mr. JONES. The morning hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES. Then I move that yt proceed
to the consideration of thetwsiriess'oii the Speak-
er's table. • ' '
