540
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
the tyrannical edict; and this will be the begin-
ning of civil war.
Next, and lastly, comes the Remedy of Justice
and Peace, proposed by the Senator from New
York, [Mr.* Seward,J and embodied in his Bill
for the immediate admission of Kansas as a State
of this Union, now pending as a substitute for
the bill of the Senator from Illinois. This is sus-
tained by the prayer of the people of the Terri-
tory, setting forth a Constitution formed by a
spontaneous movement, in which all tiiere had
opportunity to participate, without distinction of
party. Rarely has any proposition, so simple in
character, so entirely practicable, so absolutely
within your power, been presented, which prom-
ised at once such beneficent results. In its adop-
tion, the Crime against Kansas will be all happily
absolved, the Usurpation which it established
will be peacefully suppressed, and order will be
permanently secured. By a joyful metamorphosis,
this fair Territory may be saved from outrage.
" Oh help," she cries, " in this extremist need,
If you who hear are Deities indeed ;
Gape earth, and make for this dread foe a tomb.
Or change my form, whence all my sorrows come."
In offering this proposition, the Senator from
New York has entitled himself to the gratitude
of the country. He has, throughout a life of un-
surpassed industry, and of eminent ability, done
much for Freedom, which the world will not let
die; but he has done nothing more opportune than
this, and he has uttered no words more effective
than the speech, so masterly and ingenious, by
which he has vindicated it.
Kansas now presents herself for admission
with a Constitution republican in form. And,
independent of the great necessity of the case,
thnje considerations of fact concur in commend-
ing her. First. She thus testifies her willingness
to relieve the Federal Government of the consid-
erable pecuniary responsibility to which it is now
exposed on account of the pretended Territorial
Government. Secondly. She has by her recent
conduct, particularly in repelling the invasion at
Wakarusa, evinced an ability to defend her Gov-
ernment. And, thirdly, by the pecuniary credit,
•which she now enjoys, she shows an undoubted
ability to support it. What now can stand in her
way?
The power of Congress to admit Kansas at once
is explicit. It is found in a single clause of the
Constitution, which, standing by itself, without
any qualification applicable to the present case,
and without doubtful words, requires no com-
mentary. Here it is:
" New States may be admitted by Congress into this
Union; but no new State shall be formed or erected within
the jurisdiction of any other State, nor any State be formed
by the junction of two or more States or parts of States,
without the consent of the Legislatures of the States con-
cerned, as well as of the Congress."
New States mat be admitted. Out of that little
word, may, comes the power, broadly and fully
—without any limitation founded on population
or preliminary forms—provided the State is not
within the jurisdiction of another State, nor
formed by the junction of two or more States or
parts of States, without the consent of the Legis-
latures of the States. Kansas is not within the
legal jurisdiction of another State, although the
laws of Missouri have been tyrannically ex-
tended over her; nor is Kansas formed by the
junction of two or more States; and, therefore,
Kansas may be admitted by Congress into the
Union, without regard to population or prelimi-
nary forms. _ You cannot aeny the power, with-
out obliterating this clause of the Constitution.
The Senator from New York was right in reject-
ing all appeal to precedents, as entirely irrele-
vant; for the power invoked is clear and express
in the Constitution, which is above all precedent.
But, since precedent has been enlisted, let us look
at precedent.
It is objected that the population of Kansas is
not sufficient for a State; and this objection is
sustained by under-reckoning the numbers there,
and exaggerating the numbers required by prece-
dent. In the absence of any recent census, it is
impossible to do more than approximate to the
actual population; but, from careful inquiry of
the best sources, I am led to place it now at
fifty thousand, though I observe that a prudent
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
authority, the Boston Daily Advertiser, puts it as
high as sixty thousand, and, while I speak, this
remarkable population, fed by fresh emigration,
is outstripping even these calculations. Nor can
there be a doubt, that, before the assent of Con-
gress can be perfected in the ordinary course of
legislation, this population will swell to the large
number of ninety-three thousand four hundred
and twenty, required in the Bill of the Senator
from Illinois. But, in making this number the con-
dition of the admission of Kansas, you set up an
extraordinary standard. There is nothing out of
which it can be derived, from the beginning to
the end of the precedents. Going back to the
days of the Continental Congress, you will find
that, in 1784, it was declared that twenty thou-
sand freemen in a Territory might " establish a
permanent Constitution and Government for
themselves," (Journals of Congress, Vol. 4, p.
379;) and, though this number was afterwards,
in the Ordinance of 1787 for the Northwestern
Territory, raised to sixty thousand, yet the power
was left in Congress, and subsequently exercised
in more than one instance, to constitute a State
with a smaller number. Out of all the new States,
only Maine, Wisconsin, and Texas, contained,
at the time of their admission into the Union, so
large a population as it is proposed to require in
Kansas; while no less than fourteen new States
have been admitted with a smaller population; as
will appear in the following list, which is the
result of research, showing the number of " free
inhabitants" in these States at the time of the
proceedings which ended in their admission:
Vermont 85,416
Kentucky.*;. 61,103
Tennessee 66,649
Ohio 50,000
Louisiana.. 41,890
Indiana 60,000
Mississippi 33,000
Alabama  50,000
Illinois 45,000
Missouri 56,586
Arkansas 41,000
Michigan 92,673
Florida 27,091
Iowa 81,921
California 92,597
But this is not all. At the adoption of the
Federal Constitution, there were three of the old
Thirteen States whose respective populations did
not reach the amount now required for Kansas.
These were Delaware, with a population of
59,096; Rhode Island with a population of
64,689; and Georgia with a population of82,548.
And even now, while I speak, there are at least
two States, with Senators on this floor, which,
according to the last census, do not contain the
population now required of Kansas. I refer to
Delaware, with a population of 91,635, and
Florida, with a population of freemen amounting
only to 47,203. So much for precedents of pop-
i uiation.
But in sustaining this objection, it is not un-
common to depart from the strict rule of numeri-
j cal precedent, by suggesting that the population
I required in a new State has always been, in point
! of fact, above the existing ratio of representation
. for a member of the House of Representatives.
But this is not true; for at least one State, Florida,
I was admitted with a population below this ratio,
which at the time was 70,680. So much, again,
for precedents. But even if this coincidence were
complete, it would be impossible to press it into
a binding precedent. The rule seems reasonable,
and, in ordinary cases, would not be questioned;
but it cannot be drawn or implied from the Con-
stitution. Besides, this ratio is, in itself, a sliding
scale. At first, it was 33,000, and thus continued
till 1811, when it was put at 35,000. In 1822, it
was 40,000; in 1832, it was 47,700; in 1842, it
was 70,680; and now, it is 93,420. If any ratio
is to be made the foundation of a binding rule, it
should be that which prevailed at the adoption
of the Constitution, and which still continued,
when Kansas, asapart of Louisiana, was acquired
from France-, under solemn stipulation that it
should " be incorporated into the Union of the
United States as soon as may be consistent with
the principles of the Federal Constitution." But
this whole objection is met by the memorial of
the people of Florida, which, if good for that
State, is also good for Kansas. Here is a
passage:
" But the people of Florida respectfully insist that their-
right to be admitted into the Federal Union as a State is
not dependent upon the fact of their having a population
equal to such ratio. Their right to admission, it is con-
ceived, is guarantied by the express pledge in tile sixth ar-
ticle of the treaty before quoted; and if any rule as to the
number of the population is to govern, it should be that in
existence at the time of the cession, which was thirty-five
thousand. They submit, however, that any ratio of repre-
sentation, dependent upon legislative action, based solely
oi\, convenience and expediency, shifting and vacillating as
the opinion of a majority of Congress may make it, now
greater than at a previous apportionment, but which a future
Congress may prescribe to be less, cannot be one of the
constitutional ' principles' referred to in the treaty, con-
sistency with which, by its terms, is required. It is, in
truth, but a mere regulation, not founded on principle. No
specified number of population is required by any recog-
nized principle as necessary in the establishment of a free
Government.
" It is in nowise ' inconsistent with the principles of the
Federal Constitution,' that the population of a State should
be less than the ratio of Congressional representation. The
very case is provided for in the Constitution. With such
deficient population, she would be entitled to one Repre-
sentative. If any event should cause a decrease of the
population of one of the States even to a number below the
minimum ratio of representation prescribed by the Consti-
tution, she would still remain a member of the Confederacy,
and be entitled to such Representative. It is respectfully
urged, that a rule or principle which would not justify the
expulsion of a State with a deficient population, on the
ground of inconsistency with the Constitution, should not
exclude or prohibit admission."—Ex. Doc., 27£A Cong., 2d
tess., Vol. 4, No. 206.
Thus, sir, do the people of Florida plead for
the people of Kansas.
Distrusting the objection from inadequacy of
population, it is said that the proceedings for the
formation of a new State are fatally defective inform.
It is not asserted that a previous enabling Act of
Congress is indispensable; for there are notorious
precedents the other way, among which are Ken-
tucky in 1791; Tennessee in 1796;Maine in 1820;
and Arkansas and Michigan in 1836. But it is
urged that in no instance has a State been ad-
mitted, whose Constitution was formed without
such enabling Act, or without the authority of
the Territorial Legislature. This is not true; for
California came into the Union with a Constitu-
tion formed not only without any previous en-
abling Act, but also without any sanction from a
Territorial Legislature. The proceedings Which
ended in this Constitution were initiated by the
military Governor there, acting under the ex-
igency of the hour. This instance may not be
identical in all respects with that of Kansas; but
it displaces completely one of the assumptions
which Kansas now encounters, and it also shows
completely the disposition to relax all rule, under
the exigency of the hour, in order to do substan-
tial justice.
But there is a memorable instance, which con-
tains in itself every element of irregularity which
you denounce in the proceedings of Kansas.
Michigan, now cherished with such pride as a
sister State, achieved admission into the Union
in persistent defiance of all rule. Do you ask
for precedents ? Here is a precedent for the lar-
gest latitude, which you, who profess a deference
to precedent, cannot disown. Mark now the
stages of this case. The first proceedings of Mich-
igan were without any previous enabling Act of
Congress; and she presented herself at your door
with a Constitution thus formed, and with Sena-
tors chosen under that Constitution—precisely
as Kansas now. This was in December, 1835,
while Andrew Jackson was President. By the
leaders of the Democracy at that time, all objec-
tion for alleged defects of form was scouted, and
language was employed which is strictly appli-
cable to Kansas. There is nothing new under
the sun; and the very objection of the President,
that the application of Kansas proceeds from
"persons acting against authorities duly consti-
tuted by Act of Congress," was hurlea against
the application of Michigan, in debate on this
floor, by Mr. Hendricks, of Indiana. This was
his language:
" But the people of Michigan, in presenting their Senate
and House of Representatives as the legislative power ex-
isting there, showed that they had trampled upon and violated
the laws of the United States establishing a Temtorial Gov-
ernment m Michigan. These laws were, or ought to be, in
full force there ; but, by the character and position assumed,
they had set up a Government antagonist to that of the
United States."—Qongrets. JJcb., 24th Cong., lit sets., Vol.
12, p. 288.
To this impeachment Mr. Benton replied in
these effective words:
" Conventions were original acts of the people. They
depended upon inherent and inalienable rights. The peo-
ple of any State may at any time meet in Convention,
without a law of their Legislature, and without any pro-
vision, or against any provision in their Constitution, and
may alter or abolish the whole frame of Government as they
