1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
regulation was resisted by several of the States,
and the House of Representatives entirely aban-
doned it.
As to the use of the term " Legislature," in
this section, I wish to make a few comments. Itis
not employed to specify, as between the constitu-
tion of a State and the ordinary laws of a State,
which of them should prevail; but only to distin-
guish as between the law-making power of a
State, upon the one, hand, and Congress, as the
law-making power of the Union, upon the other.
This will appear from an examination of the
whole enactment or article. The convention
which adopts, or frames, a State constitution is
the "Legislature" of the State, to all intents and
purposes, within the meaning of this provision:
it is the highest and most authentic embodiment
of the legislative power of the State.
And here, too, we have the authority of an
established usage. Some of the States elect their
Senators by concurrent voice of the two Houses
in separate sessions; others by means of a joint
session of the two Houses, or a convention of all
the members of the Legislature. In some of the
States, also, there are statutes-for the regulation
of such elections; in others the elections are reg-
ulated by joint rules, or a special agreement for
the occasion. In the State which I have the
honor to represent (Ohio) there has never been
any statute, or joint rule, or agreement. It was
a matter of usage wholly, until the adoption of
the present constitution. I refer to these facts
in order to prove that where, as a strict interpre-
tation of the term " Legislature" would require
that the times, places, and manner of electing
Senators should be prescribed by statute in each
State, no such interpretation has ever been fol-
lowed, and the term "Legislature " must, there-
fore, have a signification more extensive. That
a regulation as to the times, places, and manner
of electing Senators, expressed in the constitu-
tion of a State, is perfectly valid and obligatory
in every sense, can hardly admit of an argument.
The constitutions of Louisiana and Florida, and
the present constitution of Ohio, require that a
choice of Senators shall be expressed openly, viva
voce> and not (as in some other States) by ballot.
From the proceedings of the Maryland Legis-
lature, as published some weeks ago, I find that
nominations for Senator were disallowed after the
two Houses had exchanged messages upon the
subject of an election. That the regulation of
each State would be applied by the Senate to
every case of a contested election from that State,
I have not the least doubt, whether such regu-
lation be expressed in a constitution, an act of
the Legislature, a joint rule or cohsent for the
occasion, or even a prevalent usage. The select
committee of the Senate so said, on the 21st of
August, 1852, in the Florida contested case.
It is not an open question, in fact, whether the
constitution of a State shall or shall not be re-
garded by the Legislature, in the election of a
Senator of the UnitedStates. On the 22d of May,
1828, upon a dispute relative to the right of
Ephraim Bateman,as Senator from New Jersey,
a select committee of the Senate (of which the late
Mr. Berrien was chairman) employed this lan-
guage:
Itis manifest from the foregoing clause', [cited from
the Fedeial Constitution.] that Con^ic&s maj presenile the
mode of electing Senators, and that m the absence of any
provision bv them it n competent to the Legislatures of
the several" States to do so. It seem5? equ.illy clear, that
each State must possess the powei of defining hy orgoms
lav; the constituents of its own legislative depaitment, ot
prescribing the qualifications of its members, and the lim-
itations wider which the t/ust confided to them shall be arcr-
cised
An apt illustration presents itself to my mind.
The former constitution of Ohio required the pres-
ence of two thirds of the members of each Iiouse
in the Legislature to forma quorum for business.
At common law, however, a majority of the mem-
bers of a corporation, public or private, or of any
deliberative assembly, is quite sufficient. Now, if
the Legislature of Ohio, in electing a Senator,
did not act under the State constitution, but, as a
body politic, deriving its powers, in this respect,
solely from the Constitution of the United States,
a serious inquiry at once arises: could a majority
of each House, less than two thirds, proceed to
the election of a Senator? No person, I pre-
sume, wilt answer in the affirmative.
In truth, to assert that a Legislature, which is
the mere agent of the State Government, and in
no sense a part of the Government of the United
States, can do what the constitution of the State
distinctly forbids, this proposition, I believe, re-
futes itself. I cannot better express the senti-
ment which struggles in my mind for an appro-
priate form of utterance, than by the words of
one who was called, at the instauration of our
Federal Government, to preside in the Supreme
Court:
" What is a Constitution ? It is the form of Government
delineated by the mighty hand of the people, m which cer-
tain first principles or fundamental laws are established.
The Constitution is certain and fixed; it contains the per-
manent will of the people, and is the supreme law of the
land 5 Jt is paramount to the power of the Legislature, and
can be revoked or altered only by the authority that made
it. The life-giving principle, and the death-doing stroke,
must pioeeedtroin the panic hand. What are Legislatures?
Creatuieuof the Constitution ; thej owe their existence to
the Constitution ; they derive their powers from the Con-
stitution : it is their commission; and, therefore,all their
acts must be conformable to it, or else they will be void. The
Constitution is the work or will of the people themselves,
in then onsmal, sovereign, and unlimited capacity. Law
is the work or will of the Legislatuic in their derivative or
subordinate capacity. The one is the woik of the crcator,
and the other of the creature. The Constitution fixes
limits to the exercise of legislative authority, and prescribes
the orbit within which it must move." * * *
"Whatever may be the case in other countries, yet in this
there can be no doubt that every actof the Legislature re-
pugnant to the Constitution is absolutely void."—Mr. Jus-
tice Wilson, 2 Dallas, 304.
It was admitted, in the case from Florida, that
a mere usage, or even a rule of temporary char-
acter, in any State, to the elfect that blanks should
not be counted upon an election for Senator,
would decide a contest brought hither from that
State. Two Senators, at least, now present,
[Messrs. Sumner and James,] hold their seats in
virtue of this doctrine.
Now, if it be competent for the citizens of a
State, acting cither through their Legislature or
a State convention, to declare that blank ballots
shall not be counted in any election for Senator,
what more need 1 ask? "Can they not declare,
also, that votes given for a fictitious person shall
not be counted ? Or votes given for a negro or
mulatto? Nothing in the Constitution of the
United States forbids the choice of a negro or mu-
latto for Senator, unless it bo that the laws of
several States admitting them to citizenship arc
void. Or votes for a person who had been con-
victed of some infamous crime, and not pardoned?
The Constitution of the United States would not
exclude such a person from Congress, but the
constitutions of several of the States do.
The electors of Illinois—whose servants and
mere agents were the members of the Legisla-
ture—have said, in the most deliberate and au-
thentic form, that all votes cost for a person
holding the office of a judge (unless in eases of
judicial election) shall be like votes given for a
fictitious person, or like ballots merely blank.
We'are to presume that the members of the
Legislature did not intend to violate this solemn
admonition of their constituents—the people of
the State at large—expressed in a constitution
which they had, each of them, sworn to support.
We must presume, consequently, that the votes
given for Mr. Trumbull on the 8th of February,
1855, were not given with any intention to elect
him a Senator in Congress, (because that would
be to impute perjury, as well as breach of public
trust, to those who voted for him:) but were only
given as for a fictitious person, or as blank ballots.
It must be presumed that the members intended
to obey the constitution of the State, and that
fifty-one of them, knowing Mr. Trumbull could
not be elected, even if all the ballots had been
cast for him, intended thus to cast away their
votes. Such appears to be the presumption at
common law. In " Heywood's Cases," 534, we
are admonished:
<l if votes are given to a candidate who is not eligible, it
is the same as if they were given to a dead man ; and the
law considers them as thrown away, oi not given at all.''
There have been many decisions of like effect,
in the courts, in Parliament, and in the State
Legislatures.
I am, therefore, constrained to say that the
Speaker of the Illinois House of Representatives,
when he pronounced Mr. Trumbull a Senator
elect, on the 8th of February, 1855, committed
a gross and essential mistake.
It has been suggested, upon the other side, that
inasmuch as by the Federal Constitution, article
first and section fifth, the Senate is made a judge
of the elections, returns, and qualifications of
membership, the design was that the qualifica-
tions of all Senators should be the same. But
this confounds two different powers, one legisla-
tive and the other judicial—namely, the power to
prescribe a rule of decision, and the power to de-
cide by a rule which has been prescribed.'-There
is yet a more fatal answer. The power of the
Senate to decide upon the qualifications of Sena-
tors is expressed in the same language, exactly*
as its power to decide upon the election of Sena-
tors and the mode in which these elections are
returned. But, confessedly, neither the style of
the returns, nor the manner of the elections, need
be uniform; they never have been uniform, and
the previous section (fourth) of the same article
directs the several States to prescribe them at
pleasure. The argument is, therefore, plainly
defective.
I come now to the last proposition urged in
support of Mr. Trumbull's claim. On a Former
occasion, (the 20th of February, I believe,) the
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] de-
clared that these questions had been considered
by the Senate several times, and that the decis-
ions were all opposed to the opinion which I
have just expressed. Well, Mr. President, ray
distinguished friend—if he will permit me to call
him so—is more familiar with these matters than
I am, and has, certainly, a larger experience, as
well as greater abilities. But, "sir, except in the
case of Ephraim Bateman,from New Jersey, I
cannot find, for my part, that the question has ever
been discussed in the Senate, and, far less, that
the Senate has ever made such a decision as he
asserts.
There was a case, somewhart famous, before the
House of Representatives, in October, 1807, be-
tween Joshua Barney and William McCreery,
where the question was seriously discussed. It
arose in this manner: The Legislature of Mary-
land had apportioned two Representatives in
Congress to the county of Baltimore, and pro-
vided that one of them should be a resident of
Baltimore city, at tho time of election, whilst the
other should reside in the rural district. It was
disputed in point of fact, whether McCrcery, who
had the highest number of votes, was or was not
a resident of the city, and, also, whether the act
of the Legislature, requiring a qualification of
residence, should be considered as valid or invalid
The Committee on Elections reported in Mc-
Creery's favor on the 9th of November, 1807,
without deciding the first question, and solely
upon the ground that the act of the Legislature
was void. This report was committed to the
Committee of the Whole House, and debated at
length. The discussion terminated in a recom-
! mitment to the Committee on Elections, by a
! decidcd vote, with instructions to examine and
report upon the question of fact. On the 7th of
December, 1807, the committee again reported—
striking out of the former report all that had been
said in reference to the validity of the Maryland
statute, and stating the evidence upon which it
was claimcd that McCrcery was in fact a resident
of the city of Baltimore. (Contested Election
Cases, page 169.) But although the committee
did not assume to decide the constitutional ques-
tion in its second report, the resolution which it
recommended was broad enough to cover that
ground, being in these words:  
"That William McCreery, having the greatest number
of votes, and being duly qualified, agreeably to the Consti-
tution of the United States, is entitled to his seat in this
House.''
Another and more elaborate discussion ensued,
and the Committee of the Whole, and afterwards
the House itself, by a vote of seventy to thirty-
seven, altered the resolution to this form :
"That William McCreery is entitled to his seat in this
House."
The amendment was proposed, advocated, and
adopted, as the records will show, for the express
purpose of avoiding the question which had been
raised upon the statute of Maryland. (Contested
Election Cases, page 216.)
I repeat, Mr. President, the record will show
that the House of Representatives abstained, care-
fully, from deciding the question which is now
before us. The members voted in favor of the
resolution, as finally adopted, upon various
grounds; but a large majority (almost two to
