2152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
August 15,
appropriation. I understand the organization
and theory of the Government to be, that the
measures of the Government are projected, and
when they are projected the appropriation is
made. I admit, if the honorable Senator claims
to that extent, it would be far better that we
should know whether these four thousand vol-
umes will cost one dollar, or one dollar and ten
cents, or one dollar and twenty cents, or even
one dollar and thirty .cents per volume. It is far
better that we should know it; but as I have not
the information, it is not in my power to furnish
it to the honorable Senator. 1 do know this—
that, on measures really of public interest, per-
taining to the proper conduct of the Government,
the order is made to execute the work, provided
Congress shall not think it will run into any ex-
travagance, and the appropriation is made after-
wards. Out of what money the appropriation is
to be made I am not informed, unless it be out of
the money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. WELLER. I want to know whether it
is to be paid out of the contingent fund?
Mr. MASON. There is a contingent fund of
the Department of State, which is appropriated
to .the expenses incident to the Department of
State, under the law, but this will certainly not
be paid out of that fund.
Mr. WELLER. This will be a law.
Mr. MASON. I should be glad if this should
be paid out of that fund, but I think it will not.
I should bo glad to specify the amount in this
amendment, l>ut I do not know it. It may be a
dollar a volume, or it may possibly be one dol-
lar and twenty cents a volume, or by possibility
one dollar and twenty-live cents. 1 do not know
exactly, but I think we may veiy safely trust the
amendment and make the appropriation after-
wards, being- satisfied as I am that no executive
officer of this Government will incur any im-
proper expense. I would limit the appropria-
tion if I had the means.
Mr. KRODH RAD. The Senator from Vir-
ginia says these treaties are scattered now through
th^ten volumes of Little & Brown's edition'of
the Statutes At Large. "Why, sir, they are in one
volume, marked "Treaties" on the back. One
volume contains treaties with the foreign Govern-
ment r, and another volume Indian treaties. Is
not that onoiurh ?
Mr. BIGGS. [ rise to a question of otder. I
insist on it that the amendment. is not m order,
and debute is out of oider. Under tin* 30th rule
no amendment can he moved roan appropriation
bill unl'-M* moved by a sUnnim-.'; committee. ]
understand this does not conn: fiom any standing
committee.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. is the amend-
ment reeommended«by one of the standing com-
mittees of the bodvr
ATr. MASON. 'No, sir.
The protanjiurc. Then it is not
in order.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have a small
amendment that I wisli to ofier,to come in at the
proper pia< e.
The PRESIDENT pio tempore. Is it from a
standing committee?
Mr. £>ELL, of Tennessee. No, sir. I hope
it will he considered as proper, by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment will he i< ad.
The Secretary read it, ns follows:
That the clerks and other* in tin- Wa^hnnrton naw \aid
shall be entitled l') the compensation auihoii/.ed by the act
apprmed April iW, lb>l
Mr. HELL, of Tennessee. I will lead the act
of 1854.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I must raise a question
of order.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I want first to
state the pioposiuon, and if this is not in order,
I think we shall have to go hack and disagree to
half a dozen amendments wc hare made to-day.
The law is;
"To the oloik* employed at th*' muy-wml and ma-me
barracks at Washington*'—
that ia, the twenty per cent, allowed to the clerks
of the Executive Departments; and theie is tilts
proviso to the fourth section of thet art:
si ht-rom contained slinM he < onsti n< d a - makiyg
an appropriation for any p.-iiod b'-vond th? I-'Otft day of
June,
In the next year, in the second section of the
act making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government, it is provided:
a That the provisions contained in the act of 22d of April,
1854, 'adding a percentage tothe pay of the clerks employed
at the navy-yard in Washington city, be construed so as
to include the clerks and messengers in the office of the
Navy agent," See.
This was recognized there; but again, in the
appropriation act of 1855, it is provided:
(k For the pay of the superintendents, naval constructors,
&c., and pueh further film as may be necessary for paving
the clerks and others m the Washington navy-yard" the
compensation authorized by the act approved April 22.
165-1."
By the construction of the accounting officers,
the act of 1854 expired by the proviso on the 30th
of June, 1854, and each year subsequently it
seems to have been thought necessary to make
a specific appropriation to continue that act. It
is believed by some that the proper construction
would authorize that payment to be made inde-
pendent of these appropriations; but it seems the
accounting officers will not allow it unless the ap-
propriation is made each successive year. It is not
a claim. It is merely a declaratory enactment of
Congress, that the appropriation authorized by
the act of 1854, shall be continued from year to
year. According to the construction placed on
the act by the accounting officers, it is necessary
to have an enactment every year. That is not
my opinion. "When that construction was given,
it was not intended to defeat that principle. I
wish now to make it permanent. My proposi-
tion is, that the clerks, according to tfie provis-
ions of the act of JtS34, shall have the same per-
centage on their salaries and allowances as the
(.Idles in the othei Departments have by the con-
struction of the accounting officers. 1 believe
it was intended by the act of 1854, hut they will
not get the money, unless Congress makes this
declaratory provision I leave it to the Senate
to say whether that is a private claim or not. It
is merely to secure these clerks the compensa-
tion which was undoubtedly intended that they
should have by the act of 1854. The question is,
whether, by construction, they shall be deprived
of that allowance, or whether, as Congress have
done for the hut two years, it shall be continued ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 would inquire how much
these clerks receive per annum ufiuer the existing
i law?
1 Mr. HELL, of Tennessee. I have not gone
! into the computation. They receive much less
I titan other clerks — less than these very clerks
! weiv authorized to receive by the act of 1854.
1 All. CLAY. ! make the point of order that it
j.5 not r< < omtiiendcd by ,m y committee.
j The IHi MS! DKjN'T pro tempo)/, The Senator
i fnim Tennessee states it not recommended by
1 a committer.
! Mr. I5KLL, of Tennessee. It. is not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
under the impression that the amendment is not
in order.
Mr. MALLORV. I offer an amendment from
the Committee on Naval Allan's:
(><■ it fi'rK'.n ni'htri'. That tie' --alary of the as^i.-tant
: «i the jVuvv Di'p.utmont bo th« mine that of
the labmei - in tli«j t^ud !)<'puiim«\nt.
That is simply toplnce the salary of theassistant
messenger of tie* Secretary of the .Navy, a very
faithful ne.'iro, who has been in that Department
| lor twenty-seven years, on a par with the laborers,
1 whose pay has been increased by the House of
i 1'cpiesentatives to £(iU0. lie is.a messenger of
the same capacity, and on the same footing with
! them.
| Mr. ADAMS. I move an amendment to the
! amendment, to insert:
J The mes>engei of the ^taifut the nuumc corps.
! Mr MALLORY. What does he get?
j Air. ADAMS. One dollar and fifty ccnts a
: day.
j Mr. AXALLORY. Very well.
: The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is it recom-
mended by a committee?
Mr. A DAMS. I move that amendment to the
proposed amendment.
The PRESIBENT;iro tempore. Is it from a
committee 3
Mr. ADAMS. ^ 1 move it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order. The question is on the amendment of the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STtf ART. I propose an amendment from
the Committee on Public Lands:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That there be allowed and paid
to the late commissioners for settling private land claims in
California, appointed under the act of March 3,1851, and
the acts additional thereto, one month's salary, for services
rendered subsequent to March 3, 1856; and to the several
disbursing agents for said commission the same compensa-
tion for the, receipt and disbursement of moneys as are
allowed to other disbursing officers of the Government in
Califoi nia; the same to be paid out of the unexpended bal-
ance of moneys heretofore appropriated for the salaries and
expenses of said commission.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. REID. I desire to offer an amendment
from the Committee on Indian Affairs:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
terior be authorised to appoint an agent, who shall enroll all
the Cherokee* embraced m the roll of John C. Molloy who
may wish to emigrate from any of the Slates east to join the
nation west, and report the same.to the Inteuor Depart-
ment; whereupon the Secretary shall withdraw from the
appropriation of the act of the 29th of July, 1848, so much
thereof as may be necessary to remove such Indians; that
the said agent shall superintend the removal of said Cher-
okee, and see them safely conducted through the States
to the nation west; and, for the purpose of paying such
agent, the sum of $2,000 is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like, as a member
of the Indian Committee, to understand this
amendment. I have heard nothing of it. I think
we paid all who went away, and paid for the emi-
gration of those who did not choose to go away.
1 may be mistaken; but T know we intended to
pay those. I have heard nothing of it, and I
should like to hear an explanation.
Mr. REID. A treaty has been made for the
removal of these Cherokees west, whenever they
desire to go. The appropriation has already
been made, and is unexpended.
Mr. TOOMBS. Have they not been allowed
their emigration money for staying at home?
Mr. REID. No, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think they have; that is my
recollection, but I cannot be positive. My opin-
ion is, that everybody who moved was paid, and
those who stayed were paid by Congress^before,
on their application. My opinion is, that every
one of them has been paid.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I think a word of ex-
planation will set my friend from Georgia right.
This money was .appropriated in 1848, and was
set aside in the Treasury. The interest was to
be paid to the Indians of North Carolina on their
removal. Whenever they chose to remove, or
any number of them chose to remove, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury was required, by that act,
to pay them the amount of $53 33. This is to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to enroll
those who* wish to remove, and pay over that
|j money in pursuance of the act of 1848.
11 Mr. TOOMBS. If the amendment will specify
ji that it is to be out of the money reserved for that
! purpose, 1 shall be content.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That will be in accordance
with the intention of the committee.
Mr. TOOMBS. The amendment docs not say
so. But if the money is to be taken out of that
fund, I shall have no objection to the amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I believe it does make
re fen nee to that act.
Mr. REID. It is to take out of that fund the
appropriation which is made. This provision is
simply for the purpose of having an agent to en-
roll them, if they wish to go West, in accordance
with that act.
Mr. TOOMBS. Docs the amendment refer
to that fund ?
Mr. REID. 1 so understand it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is all right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to submit two or
three amendments from the Committee on Indian
| Affairs, the first of which I send to the Chair:
| To pay to F. Lafontaine the sum awarded to lnm by
i Me«sis. V'tcwait. Mmray, and Fitch, commissioners of
; claims against the Miami tribe of Indians, the sum of $590,
' to be paid b> the tiecretary of the Inteuor out of the annu-
| ltiea, of that tube.
I will send a short letter to the Chair from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, which explains
