542
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
34th Cono....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
than fourteen months, the Territorial Govern-
ment was entirely ousted, and the State i^ov-1
eminent organized in all its departments. One j
hundred and thirty different legislative acts were I
passed, providing for elections, imposing taxes, 1
Greeting corporations, and establishing courts of
justice; including a Supreme Court and a Court
of Chancery. All process was issued in the name
of the people of the State of Michigan. And
yet no attempt was made to question the legal
validity of these, proceedings, whether legislative
or judicial. Least of all did any menial Governor,
dressed in a little brief authority, play the fan-
tastic tricks which we now witness in Kansas; J
nor did any person, wearing the robes of justice, j
shock high Heaven with the mockery of injustice
now enacted by emissaries of the President in
that Territory. No, sir; nothing of this kind
then occurred. Andrew Jackson was President,
Again, I say, do you require a precedent? I
give it to you. But I will not stake this cause
on any precedent. "I plant it firmly on the fun-
damental principle of American Institutions, so
embodied in the Declaration of Independence, j
by which Government is recognized as deriving j
its just powers only from the consent of the gov-
erned, who may alter or abolish it when it be-
comes destructive of their rights. In the debate
on the Nebraska Bill, at the overthrow of the
Prohibition of Slavery, the Declaration of Inde-
pendence was denounced as a " self-evident lie."
It is only by a similar audacity that the funda-
mental principle, which sustains the proceed-
ings in Kansas, can tie assailed. Nay, more;
you must disown the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and adopt the Circular of the Holy Alli-
ance, which declares that " useful and necessary
changes in legislation and in the administration
of States-ought only to emanate from the free will
and the intelligent and well-weighed conviction of
those whom God hatrendered responsible for power."
Pace to face, I put the principle of the Declara-
tion of. Independence and the principle of the
Holy Alliance, and bid them grapple! " The one
places the remedy in the hands which feel the
/ disorder; the other places the remedy in the hands
which cause the disorder;" and when I thus truth-
fully characterize them, I but adopt a sententious
phrase from the Debates in the Virginia Conven-
tion on the adoption of the Federal Constitution.
(3 Elliot's Debates, 107—Mr. Corbin.) And now
these two principles, embodied in the rival propo-
sitions of the Senator from New York and the
Senator from Illinois, must grapple on this floor.
Statesmen and judges, publicists and authors,
with names of authority in American history,
espouse and vindicate the American principle.
Hand in hand, they now stand arouna Kansas,
and feel this new State lean on them for support.
Of these I content myself with adducing two
only, b<fth frorr# slnvenolding Virginia, in days
when Human Eights were not without support
in that State. Listen to the language of St.
George Tucker, the distinguished commentator
Upon Blackstone, uttered from the bench in a judi-
cial opinion:
"The power of convening the legal Assemblies, or the
ordinary constitutional Legislature, resided solely in the Ex-
ecutive. They could neither be chosen without writs issued
by its authority, nor assemble, when chosen, but under the
same authority. The Conventions, on the contrary, were
chosen and assembled, either in pnrsuance of recommend-
ations from Congress, or from their own bodies, or by the
discretion at.i common consent of the people. They were
held even whilst a legal Assembly existed. Witness the
Convention held at Richmond, in March, 1775; after which
period, the legal constitutional Assembly was convened in
Williamsburg, by the Governor, Lord Dunmore." * * *
" Yet a constitutional dependence on the British Government
teas never denied until the succeeding May." * * " The
Convention, then, was not the ordinary Legislature of Vir-
ginia. It was the body of the people, impelled to assemble
from a sense of common danger, consulting fbr the common
good, and acting in all things for the common safety."—
Virginia Cases, 70,71, Kemper w. Hawkins.
Listen also to the language of James Madison:
"That in all great changes of established government,
forms ought to give way to substance; that a rigid adher-
ence in such cases to the forms would render nominal and
nugatory the transcendent and precious right of the people
' to abolish or alter their Government, as to them shall seem
most likely to elfect tlieir safety and happiness." * * *
" Nor can it have been forgotten that no little ill-timed «cru-
|ties, no zeal for adhering to ordinary forms, were anywhere
«««n, except in those who wUhedto indulge wider these masks
r secret enmity to the substance contended for."—The
Federalist, No. 40.
Proceedings thus sustained, I am unwilling to
call revolutionary, although this term has the sanc-
tion of the Senator from New York. They are
founded on an unquestionable American right,
declared with Independence, confirmed by the
blood of the fathers, and expounded by patriots,
which cannot be impeached without impairing
the liberties of all. On this head the language of
Mr. Buchanan, in reply to Mr. Calhoun, is ex-
plicit:
" Does the Senator [Mr. Calhoun] contend, then, that if,
in one of the States of this Union, the Government be so
organized as to utterly destroy the right of equal repre-
sentation, there is no mode of obtaining redress, but by an
act of the Legislature authorizing a Convention, or by open
rebellion ? Must the people step at once from oppression
to open war? Must it be either absolute submission or
absolute revolution ? Is there no middle course ? I cannot
agree with the Senator. I say that the whole history of our
Government establishes the pnnciple that the people are
sovereign, and that a majority of them can alter or change
their fundamental laws at pleasure. I deny that this is
cither rebellion or revolution. Itis an essential and a recog-
nized principle in allowforms of gov eminent."—Congress.
Debates, 24th Cong.,Id sess., Vol. 13, p. 313.
Surely, sir, if ever there was occasion for the
exercise of this right, the time had come in Kan-
sas. The people there had been subjugated by
a horde of foreign invaders, and brought under
a tyrannical code of revolting barbarity, while
property and life among them were left exposed
to audacious assaults which flaunted at noon-
day, and to reptile abuses which crawled in the
darkness of night. Self-defense is the first law of
nature; and unless this law is temporarily silenced
—as all other law has been silenced there—you
cannot condemn the proceedings in Kansas.
Here, sir, is an unquestionable authority—in
itself an overwhelming law—which belongs to all
countries find times—which is the same in Kan-
sas as at Athens and Rome—which is now, and
will be hereafter, as it was in other days—in
presence of which Acts of Congress and Consti-
tutions are powerless, as the voice of man against
the thunder which rolls through the sky—which
whispers itself coeval with life—whose very
breath is life itself; and now, in the last resort,
do I place all these proceedings under this supreme
safeguard, which you will assail in vain. Any
opposition must be founded on a fundamental
perversion of facts, or a perversion of funda-
mental principles, which nojspeeches can uphold,
though surpassing in numbers the nine hundred
thousand piles driven into the mud in order to
sustain the Dutch Stadt-house at Amsterdam!
Thus, on every ground of precedent, whether
as regards population, or forms of proceeding;
also, on the vital principle of American Institu-
tions; and, lastly, on the absolute law of self-
defense, do I now invoke the power of Congress
to admit Kansas at once and without hesitation
into the Union. "New States may be admitted
by the Congress into the Union;" such are the
words of the Constitution. If you hesitate for
*want of precedent, then do I appeal to the great
principle of American Institutions. If, forgetting
the origin of the Republic, you turn away from
this principle, then, in the name of human nature,
trampled down and oppressed, but aroused to a
just self-defense, do I plead for the exercise of
this power. Do not hearken, I pray you, to the
propositions of Tyranny and Folly; do not be
ensnared by that other proposition of the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] in which is the
j horrid root of Injustice and Civil War. But
apply gladly, ana at once, the True Remedy,
' wherein are Justice and Peace.
Mr. President, an immense space has been
traversed, and I now stand at the goal. The ar-
gument in its various parts is here closed. The
! Crime against Kansas has been displayed in its
origin and extent, beginning with the overthrow
of the Prohibition of Slavery; next cropping out
in conspiracy on the borders of Missouri, then
hardening into a continuity of outrage, through
organized invasions and miscellaneous assaults,
in which all security was destroyed, and ending
at last in the perfect subjugation of a generous
people to an unprecedented Usurpation. Turn-
ing aghast from the Crime, which, like murder,
seemed to confess itself "with most miraculous
organ,"_we have looked with mingled shame and
indignation upon the four Apologies, whether
of Tyranny, Imbecility, Absurdity, or Infamy,
in which it has been wrapped, marking especially
the false testimony, congenial with the original
Crime, against the Emigrant Aid Company.
Then were noted, in succession, the four Rem-
edies, whether of Tyranny—Folly—Injustice and
Civil War—or Justice and Peace, which last bids
Kansas, in conformity with past precedents and
under the exigencies of the hour, in order to re-
deem her from Usurpation, to take a place as a
sovereign State of the Union; and this is the
True Remedy. If in this argument I have not
unworthily vindicated Truth, then have I spoken
according to my desires; if imperfectly, then only
according to my powers. But there are other
things, not belonging to the argument, which still
pess for utterance.
Sir, the people of Kansas, bone of your bone
and flesh of your flesh, with the education of
freemen and the rights of American citizens, now
stand at your door. Will you send them away,
or bid them enter? Will you push them back to
renew their struggles with a deadly foe, or will
you preserve them in security and peace? Will
you cast them again into the den of Tyranny, or
will you help their despairing efforts to escape ?
These questions I put with no common solicitude;
for I feel that on their just determination depend
all the most precious interests of the Repuolic;
and I perceive too clearly the prejudices in the
way, and the accumulating bitterness against
this distant people, now claiming their simple
birthright, while I am bowed with mortification,
as I recognize the President of the United States,
who should have been a staff to the weak and a
shield to the innocent, at the head of this strange
oppression.
At every stage, the similitude between the
wrongs of Kansas, and those other wrongs
against which our fathers rose, becomes more
apparent. Read the Declaration of Independ-
ence, and there is hardly an accusation which ia
there directed against the British Monarch, which
may not now be directed with increased force
against the American President. The parallel
has a fearful particularity. Our fathers com-
plained that the King had " sent hither swarms of
officers, to harass our people, and eat out their
substance;" that he " had combined, with others,
to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to our Con-
stitution, giving his assent to their acts of pretended
legislation;" that "he had abdicated government
here, by declaring us out of his protection, and
waging war against us;" that " he had excited do-
mestic insurrection among us, and endeavored to
bring on the inhabitants of our frontier the merciless
savages;" that " our repeated petitions have been
answered only by repeated injury." And this
arraignment was aptly followed by the damning
words, that " a Prince, whose character is thus
marked by every act which may define a tyrant,
is unfit to be the ruler of a free people." And
surely, a President who has done all these things,
cannot be less unfit than a Prince. At every
stage, the responsibility is brought directly to
him. His offense has been both of commission
and omission. He has done that which he ought
not to have done, and he has left undone that
which he ought to have done. By his activity
the Prohibition of Slavery was overturned. By
his failure to act, the honest emigrants in Kansas
have been left a prey to wrong of all kinds. Nul-
lum, Jlagitium extitit, nisi per te; nullum Jlagitium
sine te. And now he stands forth the most con-
spicuous enemy of that unhappy Territory.
As the tyranny of the British King is 4(1 re-
newed in the President, so on this floor have the
old indignities been renewed, which embittered
and fomented the troubles of our Fathers. The
early petition of the American Congress to Par-
liament, long before any suggestion of independ-
ence, was opposed—like the petitions of Kansas
—because that body " was assembled without
any requisition on the part of the Supreme Pow-
er." Another petition from New York, pre-
sented by Edmund Burke, was flatly rejected, as
claiming rights derogatory to Parliament. And
still another petition from Massachusetts Bay
was dismissed as "vexatious and scandalous,"
while the patriot philosopher who bore it was
exposed to peculiar contumely. Throughout the
debates, our fathers were made the butt of sorry
jests and supercilious assumptions. And now
