1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 22,
disinclined myself to any amendment; but if a
single Senator desires to move such a modifica-
tion, I will acquiesce in it. The Senator from
Connecticut [Mr. Toucey] made that suggestion
before.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. It was read the third time,
and the question was stated to be, " Shall the
resolution pass?"
Mr. BIGGS. When this resolution was under
consideration before, it elicited considerable de-
bate. On that debate the inclination of my mind
was decidedly against the passage of the resolu-
tion. I am still against it. I think it a bad pre-
cedent, and particularly in the form in which it
is now presented to the Senate. The only pre-
cedent which I have heard of, is one where an
officer was authorized by an act of Congress to
receive a medal. As I am opposed to this reso-
lution, and desire to record my vote against it,
I ask for the yeas and nays on its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. Lest it should pass from the
recollection of the Senate, I will state in a word
the foundation of this resolution. The commu-
nication on which it is based was a communica-
tion from the President of the United States to
Congress, transmitting a letter from the British
Minister to the Secretary of State, expressing the
desire of the British Government to make some
token of acknowledgment on their part for Dr.
Kane's services. It was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, and they have reported
it pursuant to the request of the British Govern-
ment. *
I will further say, as some Senators expressed
a doubt as to what the character of the token
might be, that I happen to have heard, incident-
ally, from the British Minister, that it was, in
truth, a present of the ordinary character, accom-
panied by a medal. I have had no communica-
tion with Dr. Kane, directly or indirectly, upon
the subject of the resolution in any way. It is
purely an act of the two Governments.
Mr. ADAMS. I shall vote for this resolution.
The objections which were urged formerly, when
the subject was before the Senate, seemed to be
that it would become a bad precedent, for the
reason that it might tempt our naval officers, in
the discharge of their dudes, to neglect, to some
extent, the interest of their own .country, and
extend favors to foreign Governments, with a
view of obtaining rewards from them. This is
easily distinguished from a case of that kind. I
should not be willing to place such temptation in
the way of our officers, out this service was one
in the cause of humanity. Great Britain, feeling
herself more directly interested than this Gov-
ernment, inasmuch as the service was rendered
for the benefit of a subject of Great Britain, de-
sires, by the consent of this Government, to
present some token of acknowledgment to Dr.
Kane and his associates. I can sec no objection
to the passage of this resolution, and for that
reason I shall vote for it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Iioll ofTennessee, Ben-
jamin, CoHamt'r, Dodge, Ft.Vh, Fitzpatrick, Foot, l-'oster,
Ceyer, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Ilanter, Johnson, Jones of
Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Ma^on, I'earce, Piatt, Seward,
Slldell, Stuart, Sumner,Ttioimuii of New Jursu.v,Toucey,
Tmmbull, VVado, Welter, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, iverson, ReuJ, and Toombs—4.
So the resolution was passed.
EXPLORATION OP LIEUTENANT WARREN.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
report of the Committee on Printing against the
printing of the results of the exploration by Lieu-
tenant G. K. Warren of the region of country be-
tween the Missouri andPlatte rivers and the Pacific
ocean; the pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Welleu to provide that the usual
number of copies bo printed for the use of the
Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on Printing
have considered the proposition offered by the
Senator from California. His statement is that,
upon his examination of the report of Lieutenant
Warren, he considers that it furnishes informa-
tion which is very material to the overland emi-
gration of California. The precedent which
was established by the Senate, upon -which we
reported against printing in this case, was a decis-
ion against the printing of extra numbers. We
shall make no. contest in regard to his amend-
ment, which is simply to print the usual number
of fourteen hundred.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the amendment be
adopted, will it merely order the printing of the
usual number?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I make no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution as amended was adopted.
DEATH OP HON. JOHN G. MILLER.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their
Clerk:
Mr. President : I am instructed by the House of Repre-
sentatives to inform the Senate that the Hon. John G.
Miller, a member of the House from the State of Missouri,
has departed tins life, and to commumcatc to the Senate
the proceedings of the House thereon.
The proceedings of the House were read.
Mr. GEYER. By the mournful event which
lias now been announced to the Senate, Missouri
has lost an able, faithful, and efficient Repre-
sentative. The House, of which he was a mem-
ber, have manifested their appreciation of his
worth by the passage of the resolutions which
have just been read; and I will ask the Senate to
unite in the well-merited tribute of respcct to his
memory by the adoption of resolutions which I
shall submit before l resume my scat.
My departed colleague, John G. Miller,
whose loss will be deplored wherever ho was
known, had scarcely attained that age generally
regarded as the prime of life, when his career
of usefulness and of honor, auspiciously com-
menced and nobly sustained, was arrested, by the
hand of death.
With his accustomed promptitude, he had made
his arrangements to be m his place in the House
of Representatives at the commencement of the
present session. Within a few days of the time
appointed for his departure from his home for
Washington, he went to the adjoining county of
Saline, where his mother and others of his near
relatives reside. There ho was suddenly stricken
down by a painful disease of which he never
recovered sufficiently to return to his home. He
remained at the residence of his mother, and there
continued to linger and to suffer patiently, sub-
missively, and hopefully, until his death, which
occurred on the morning of Sunday, the 11th of
the present month. His remains were removed,
to be interred at a place, designated by himself,
near Boonevillc, the city of his late residence,
where a whole community of attached friends
mourn his loss, and will fondly cherish his
memory.
He was a native of the county of Mercer, in
the State of Kentucky. He was educated at
Centre College, of which he was a graduate.
Having selected, for his future pursuit, the pro-
fession of the law, he prosecuted his studies, and
was prepared for the bar in the law school of
Transylvania University. He engaged in the
S-actice of his profession, in his native town of
anville, for a short period after his admission
to the bar, and then removed to Missouri, in the
year 1838, I believe. He established himself in
the then young and prosperous city of Booneville,
where he continued to reside until his decease.
He soon acquired a high and just reputation as a
lawyer and an advocate; ana the purity and in-
tegrity of his character secured to him the respcct
and confidence of all to whom he became known.
In 1840, at the first election after he became
eligible by the constitution of Missouri, he was
chosen a member of the House of Representatives
of that State* by the citizens of the county of his
residence. By his services in the Legislature,
his eminent abilities and great moral worth be-
came more extensively known, and he was gen-
erally regarded as among the first men of his age
in the West. He has since been three times suc-
cessively elected a Representative m Congress
from the district in which he resided, and was at
the time of his death the Representative of constit-
uents who honored him for his talents, respected
him for his character, and loved him for his vir-
tues. "
In his public, as in his professional life, Mr.
Miller was distinguished for the promptitude,
ability, and fidelity with which he discharged
his duties and performed his engagements. In
private and social life, he was universally be*
loved and respected. Amiable and conciliatory
in his manners and disposition, upright and hon-
orable in all his transactions, he won the respect,
the confidence, and the affections of all who had
the opportunity to observe his life and appreciate
his worth.
By his death, the State has lost a pure and
spotless patriot, and his constituents a highly-
gifted, ever-faithful, and much-beloved Represent-
ative. The same blow has made vacant the first
place in the domestic circle. Of the bereaved
survivors of that afflicted household I forbear to
speak. Their loss will be appreciated by those,
and only by those, who have known and felt the
happiness of home life, flowing from the en-
dearing relations of husband and father.
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate receives with sincere regret
the announcement of the death of the Hon. John G.
Miller, late a member of the House of Representatives
from the State of Missouri, and tenders to the relatives of
the deceased the assurance of its sympathy with them,
under the bereavement they have been called to sustain.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to tiansmit to the family of Mr. Milleu a certified copy
of the foregoing resolution. *
Resolved, (as a mark of respect for the memory of the
deceased,) That the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 22,1856.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniei. Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DEATH OF HON. J. G. MILLER.
Mr. LINDLEY. Mr. Speaker, it becomes my
melancholy duty to announce to the House the
death of my distinguished colleague, Hon. John
G. Miller.
Though the event was not altogether unex-
pected, yet the announcement has been heard
with deep regret and painful emotion by every
one here who had formed his acquaintance—who
had cultivated his friendship.
After a painful and protracted sickness of more
than a year, which was borne with meek submis-
sion and Christian fortitude, he died on the 11th
day of the present month, at the house of his
mother, in Saline county, Missouri.
Mr. Miller was born in Mercer county, in
the State of Kentucky, and was, at the time of
his death, under forty-five years of age. He ac-
quired the rudiments of a classical education at
Centre College, in the same State, and prepared
himself for thepractice of the legal profession by
his studies at Transylvania University.
Missouri, and engaged with great success at the
About the year 1835 he emigrated to Booneville,
practice of the law. Here he became acquainted
with and married the daughter of Hon. Thomas
L. Williams, of Tennessee. This amiable and
accomplished lady was to him the true, devoted,
loving wife, with whom he passed his days—no
cloud obscuring the sun of his domestic happi-
ness. But, sir, Mr. Miller was not long per-
mitted to enjoy the tranquillity of private life,
which was so congenialto his disposition and his
nature. As early as 1840 he was called to rep-
resent his county in the Legislature of Missouri,
where, in a warfare more bitter, perhaps, than any
that has ever characterized the politics of tkat
State, his amenity of disposition, his amiable
social qualities and generous impulses made him
a favorite with all parties; and his eminent abili-
ties and superior talents gave him a high position
in that body, and marked him as one of Mis-
souri^ brightest public men.
In 1844 he was put on the Whig ticket as can-
didate for presidential elector in that State. With
a mind rich in classic lore and historic reading,
well versed in the political annals of his country,
with a vigorous, cultivated intellect, and a most
persuasive eloquence, he was a formidable advo-
cate, and delighted to do battle in the cause of that
great patriot and statesman, Henry Clay.
Before the people Mr. Miller never forgot his
own self-respect, or the dignity of the subject
pr the occasion. He did not pander to popular
