1856.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
049
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Sumner.
Senate.
the* srencs, with these precise objections, have
lx*o n renewed in ihf A me rtcAn Semite*
With re ret, f come again upon the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] who, omni-
present in this debate, overflowed with rage at
the simplo suggestion that Kansas had applied
for admission as & State; and, with incoherent
phrases, discharged the loose expectoration of
his  peech, now upon her representative, and then
upon her people. There was no extravagance of
the ancient Parliamentary debate which he did
not repeat; nor was there any possible deviation
from truth which he did not make, with so much
of passion, I am "lad to add, as to save him from
the suspicion of intentional aberration. But the
Senator touches nothing which he does not dis-
figure—with error, sometimes of principle, some-
times offset. He shows an incapacity of accuracy,
whether in stating* the Constitution or in stating
the law, whether m the details of statistics or the
diversions of scholarship. He cannot ope his
mouth, but out there flies a blunder. Surely he
ought to be familiar with the life of Franklin; and
yet he referred to this household character, while
acting as agent of our fathers in England, as above
suspicion; and this was done that he might give
point to a false contrast with the agent of Kansas
 not knowing that, however they may differ in
genius and fame, in this experience they are alike:
that Franklin, when intrusted with the petition
of Massachusetts Bay, was assaulted by a foul-
mouthed speaker, where he could not be heard
in defense, and denounced as a " thief," even as
the agent of Kansas has been assaulted on this
floor, and denounced as a " forger." And let not
the vanity of the Senator be inspired by the par-
allel with the British statesmen of that day; for
it is only in hostility to Freedom that any parallel
can be recognized.
But it is against the people of Kansas that
the sensibilities of the Senator are particularly
aroused. Coming, as he announces, "from a
State"—ay, sir, from South Carolina—he turns
with lordly disgust from this newly-formed com-
munity, which he will not recognize even as " a
body-politic." Pray, sir, by what title does he
indulge in this egotism ? Has he read the history
of " the State" which he representsHe cannot
surely have forgotten its shameful imbecility from
Slavery, confessed throughout the Revoration,
followed by its more shameful assumptions for
Slavery since. He cannot have forgotten its
wretched persistence in the slave trade as the very
apple of its eye, and the condition of its partici-
pation in the Union. He cannot have forgotten
its Constitution, which is republican only in name,
confirming power in the hands of the few, and
founding the qualifications of its legislators on " a
settled freehold estate and ten negroes." And yet
the Senator, to whom that " State" has in part
committed the guardianship of its good name,
instead of moving, with backward treading steps,
to co ver its naked ness, rushes forward, in the very
ecstasy of madness, to expose it by provoking
a comparison with Kansas. South Carolina is
old; Kansas is young. South Carolina counts by
centuries; where Kansas counts by years. But
a beneficent example may be born in a day; and
I venture to say, that against the two centuries
of the older " State," may be already set the two
years of trial, evolving corresponding virtue, in
the younger community. In tne one, is the long
wailof Slavery; in the other, the hymns of Free-
dom. And if we glance at special achievements,
it will be difficult to find anything in the history
of South Carolina which presents so mueh of
heroic spirit in an heroic cause as appears in that
repulse of the Missouri invaders by the belea-
guered town of Lawrence, where even the women
gave their effective efforts to Freedom. The
matrons of Rome, who poured their jewels into
the treasury for the public defense—the wives of
Prussia, who, with delicate fingers, clothed their
defenders against French invasion—the mothers
of our own Revolution, who sent forth their sons,
covered over with prayers and blessings, to com-
bat for human rights, did nothing of self-sacrifice
truer than did these women on this occasion.
Were the whole history of South Carolina blotted
out of existence, from its very beginning down
to the day of the last election of tne Senator to
his present seat on this floor, civilisation might
lose—I do not say how little; but surely less than
it has already gained by the example of Kansas,
in its valiant struggle against oppression, and in
the development of a new science of emigration.
Already in Lawrence alone there are newspaper*
and schools, including a High School, and
throughout this infant Territory there is more
mature scholarship far, in proportion to its in-
habitants, than in all South Carolina. Ah, sir,
I tell the Senator that Kansas, welcomed as a free
State, will be a " ministering angel" to the Re-
public, when South Carolina, in the cloak of
darkness which she hugs, " lies howling."
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] nat-
urally joins the Senator from South Carolina in
this warfare, and gives to it the superior intensity
of his nature. He thinks that the National Gov-
ernment has not completely proved its power, as
it has never hanged a traitor; but, if the occasion
requires, he hopes there will be no hesitation;
ana this threat is directed at Kansas, and even at
the friends of Kansas throughout the country.
Again occurs the parallel with the struggles of our
Fathers, and I borrow the language of Patrick
Henry, when, to the cry from the Senator, of
; " treason," •' treason," I reply, " if this be trea-
1 son, make the most of it." Sir, it is easy to call
! names; but i beg to tell the Senator that if the
j word " traitor" is in any way applicable to those
i who refuse submission to a tyrannical Usurpation,
whether in Kansas or elsewhere, then must so dm
new word, of deeper color, be invented, to des-
ignate those mad spirits who would endanger and
degrade the Republic, while they betray all the
cherished sentiments of the Fathers and the spirit
of the Constitution, in order to give new spread
to slavery. Let the Senator proceed. It will not
be the first time in history, that a scaffold erected
for punishment has become a pedestal of honor.
Out of death comes life, and the " traitor" whom
he Mindly executes will live immortal in the
cause.
" For Humanity simps onward; where to-day the martyr
stands,
Oa the morrow crouches Judas, with the silver in Mm
bands;
i While the hooting mob of yesteidayia silent awe return,
! To glean up the scattered ashes into History's golden
| um."
' Among these hostile Senators) there is yet
another, with all the prejudices of the Senator
from South Carolina, but without his generous
impulses, who, on account of his character before
the country, and the rancor of his opposition,
deserves to be named. I mean the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Masow,] who, as the author of
the Fugitive Slave Bill, has associated himself
| with a special act of inhumanity and tyranny.
Of him 1 shall say little, for he has said little m
'I this debate, though within that little was com-
pressed the bitterness of a life absorbed in the
support of Slavery. . He holds the commission of
I Virginia: but he does not represent that early Vir-
ginia, so dear to our hearts, which gave to us the.
i pen of Jefferson, by which the equality of men
! was declared, and the sword of Washington, by
;! which Independence was secured; but he repre-
sents that other Virginia, from which Washing-
ton and Jefferson now avert their'faces, where
human beings are bred as cattle for the shambles,
and where a dungeon rewards the pious matron
who teaches little children to relieve their bondage
by reading the Book of Life. It is proper that
such a Senator, representing such a State, should
rail against FreeKansas.
i: Senators such as these are the natural enemies
of Kansas, and I introduce them with reluctaaces
simply that the country may understand the char-
acter of the hostility which must be overcome.
Arrayed with them, of course, are all who unite,
under any pretext or apology, in the propagand-
ism of Human Slavery. To such, indeed, the
time-honored safeguards of popular rights can be
a name only, and nothing more. What are trial
by jury , habeas corpus, the ballot-box, the right
of petition, the liberty of Kansas, your liberty,
sir, or mine, to one who lends himself, not merely
to the support at home, but to the propagandism
abroad, of that preposterous wrong, which denies
even the right of a man to himself! Such a cause
can be maintained only by a practical subversion
of all rights. It is, therefore, merely according
to reason that its partisans should uphold the
Usurpation in Kansas.
To overthrow this Usurpation is now the spe-
cial, importunate duty of Congress, admitting of
no hesitation or postponement. To this end it
must lift itself from the cabals of candidates, the
machinations of party, and the low level of vulgar
strife. It must turn from that Slave Oligarchy
which now controls the Republic, and refuse to
be its tool. Let itsipower be stretched forth to-
wards this distant Territory, not to bind, but to
unbind; not for the oppression of the weak, but
for the subversion of the tyrannical; not for the
prop and maintenance of a revolting Usurpation,
but for the confirmation of Liberty.
« These are imperial arts, and worthy the*!"
Let it now take its stand between the living and
dead, and cause this plague to be stayed. All this
it can do; and if the interests of Slavery did not
oppose, all this it would do at once, in reverent
regard for justice, law, and order, driving far
away all the alarms of war; nor would it dare to
brave the shame and punishment of this Great
Refusal. But the Slave Power dares anything;
and it can be conquered only by the united masses
of the People. From Congress to the People, I
appeal.
Already Public Opinion gathers unwonted forces
to scourge the aggressors. In the press, in daily
conversation, wherever two or three are gathered
together, there the indignant utterance finds vent.
And trade, by unerring indications, attests the
growingenergy. Public credit in Missouri droops.
The six per oents of that State, which at par
should be 102, have sunk to 84 J—thus at once
completing the evidenes of Crime, and .attesting
its punishment. Business is now turning from
the Assassins and Thugs, that infest the Mis-
souri River, on the way to Kansas, to seek some
safer avenue. And this, though not unimportant
is itself, is typical of greater changes. The
political creditor the men who uphold the Usurpa-
tion, droops even more than the stocks; and the
people are turning from all those through whom
the Assassins and Thugs have derived their dis-
graceful immunity.
It was said of old, " Cursed be he that
removeth his neighbor's Landmark. Jlnd all
the people shall mm, Jlme*. "-—(Deut. xxvii., 17.)
Cursed, it is said, in the city and in the field;
cursed in basket and store; cursed when thou
comest in, and cursed when thou goest out. These
are terrible imprecations; but if ever any Land-
mark were sacred, it was that by which an
immense territory was guarded forever against
Slavery; and if ever such imprecations could justly
descend upon any one, they must descend now
upon all who, not eontent with the removal of
this sacred Landmark, have since, with crinlinal
complicity, fostered the incursions of the great
Wrong against which it was intended to guard.
But 1 utter no imprecations. These are not my
words; nor is it my part to add to or subtract from
them. But thanks be to God! they find a response
in the hearts of an aroused People, making them
turn from every man, whether President, or Sen-
ator, or Representative, who has been engaged in
this Crime—especially from those who, cradled in
free institutions, are without the apology of edu-
cation or social prejudice—until of all such" those
other words of the prophet shall be fulfilled—
" I will set my face against that man* and males
him a sign and a proverb; and I will cut him off
from the midst of my people."—(Exeldel xiv., 8.)
Turning thus from the authors of this Crime, the
People will unite ones more with the Fathers of
the Republic, in a just condemnation of Slavery—
determined especially that it shall find no home in
the National Territories—while the Slave Power,
in which the Crime had its beginning, and by
which it is now sustained, will be swept into the
charnel-house of defunct Tyrannies.
In this contest, Kansas bravely stands forth—
the stripling leader, clad in the panoply of Amer-
ican institutions. In calmly meeting and adopt-
ing a frame of Government, her people have with
intuitive promptitude performed the duties of
freemen; and when I consider the difficulties by
which she was beset, I find dignity in her attitude.
In offering herself for admission into the Union si
a Free State, she present! a single issue for the
people to decide. And since the Slave Power now
