544
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Cass, Mr. Douglas.
Senate.
stakes on this issue all its ill-gotten supremacy, I
the People, while vindicating Kansas, will at the ,
same time overthrow this Tyranny. Thus does
the contest which she now begins involve not
only Liberty for herself, but for the whole coun-
try God be praised, that she did not bend igno-
bly beneath the yoke! Par away on the prairies,
she is now battling for the Liberty of all, against
the President, who misrepresents all. Every-
where among those who are not insensible to
Right, the generous struggle meets a generous
response. Prom innumerable throbbing hearts
go forth the very words of encouragement which,
in the sorrowful days of our Fathers, were sent
by Virginia, speaking by the pen of Richard
Henry Lee, to Massachusetts, in the person of
her popular tribune, Samuel Adams:
" chaimilt, (Va.,) June 23,1774.
«I hope the good people of Boston will not lose their
spirits under their present henty oppression, for they will
certainly be supported by the other Colonies; and the cause
for which they suffer is so glorious and so deeply interesting i
to the present and future generations, that all America will j
owe, in a great measure, their political salvation to the pres- !
ent virtue of Massachusetts Bay."—American Jirchivet, 4th
Series, Vol. 1, p. 446.
In all this sympathy there is strength. But in
the cause itself there is angelic power. Unseen
of men, the great spirits of History combat by
the side of the people of Kansas, breathing a
divine courage. Abov^ all tourers the majestic
form of Washington once more, as on the bloody
field, bidding them to remember those rights of
Human Nature for which the War of Independ-
ence was waged. Such a cause, thus sustained,
is invincible.
The contest, which, beginning in Kansas, has
reached us, will soon be transferred from Con-
gress to a broader stage, where every citizen will
be not only spectator, but actor; and to their
judgment I confidently appeal. To the People,
now on the eve of exercising the electoral fran-
chise, in choosing a Chief Magistrate of the Re-
public, Rippeal, to vindicate the electoral franchise
in Kansas. Let the ballot-box of the Union,
with multitudinous might, protect the ballot-box
in that Territory. Let the voters everywhere,
while rejoicing in their own rights, help to guard
the equal rights of distant fellow-citizens: that
the shrines of popular institutions, now dese-
crated, may be sanctified anew; that the ballot-
box, now plundered, may be restored; and that
the cry, " I am an American citizen," may not
be sent forth in vain against outrage of every
kind. In just regard for free labor in that Terri-
tory, which it is sought to blast T>y unwelcome
association with slave labor; in Christian sym-
pathy with the slave, whom it is proposed to task
and sell there;in stern condemnation of the Crime
which has been consummated on that beautifu 1
soil; in rescue of fellow-citizens, now subjugated
to a tyrannical Usurpation; in dutiful respect for
the early Fathers, whose aspirations are now ig-
nobly thwarted; in the name of the Constitution,
which has been outraged—of the Laws trampled
down—of Justice banished—of Humanity de-
graded—of Peace destroyed—of Freedom crushed
to earth; and, in the name of the Heavenly Father,
whose service is perfect Freedom, I make this
last appeal.
Mr. CASS. I have listened with equal regret
and surprise to the speech of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. Such a speech—the
most un-American and unpatriotic th at ever grated
on the ears of the members of this high body—
as I hope never to hear again here or else-
where. But, sir, I did not rise to make any com-
ments on the speech of the honorable Senator,
open as it is to the highest censure and disappro- |
bation. I rise for another purpose. The honorable j
Senator has so misunderstood and misapplied the !
case of Michigan, which he brings forward as a 1
justification of the proceedings in Kansas, that,
as I know the facts connected with it, I feel bound
to say a few words—and but very few they will
be—to the Senate upon the subject.
The honorable Senator has spoken of the right
of the people to form conventions with a view to
obstruct the authorized laws of the country. I
deny such a right. I do not deny the right of
any portion of the American people to form con-
ventions; but conventions formed to obstruct the
existing laws of the country, unless they succeed,
are rebellion. The conventions to which the
Senator alluded were held in times of revolution.
He referred to the early proceedings in Virginia,
while the country was in a state of revolution;
when the people rose up to assert their rights;
when the Government was opposed to them; and
when they had to take measures in their own
hands to-put down British tyranny and oppres-
sion. These were acts of revolution and justified
conventions; but the American people now have
no justification for acts of rebellion. Whom do
they rebel against ? Themselves. The majority
always can control the elections, and give form
and substance to their representatives to procure
any measures they please—not, perhaps, to-day,
or within a week, or a month; but the time must
come shortly when they will be felt. So much for
the States. And Congress is always ready to
afford relief and protection to the Territories.
Michigan was guilty of no such crime as that,
I am proud to say. The proceedings in that
State nave no analogy with the proceedings in
Kansas. The convention in Michigan was not
for the purpose of opposing the law. Let me
explain the circumstances in a few words.
The ordinance of Congress of 1787 provided,
as I have already said to the Senate, for three
States certainly, and two more at the will of Con-
gress, within the Northwest Territory. If the
number was increased to five, the first three States
were to be bounded on the north by a line run-
ning due east from the southern extreme of Lake
Michigan. Congress made provision for the
three States—Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. When
Ohio came into the Union, she proposed that her
boundar/, instead of being the east line, should,
if it was found that that line would strike Lake
Erie, south of the north cape of the Maumee Bay,
be a straight line from the southern extremity
of Lake Michigan to the north cape of Maumee
When her constitution came before Congress
for acceptance, a committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives, at the head of which was John Ran--
dolph, took charge of this subject, and that com-
mittee reported that Congress ought notto change
the line. Congress had, in the mean time, pro-
vided for the Territory of Michigan, with the east
line for its southern boundary. The Senate will
recollect that the provision of the ordinance of
Congress of 1787, with respect to the States to
be formed in that region, was, that when they had
sixty thousand inhabitants they should be admit-
ted, by their delegates, into the Union. The
words were, "should be entitled by their dele-
gates to take a seat in Congress." It was con-
tended, in early times, in that country, and, for
myself, I think correctly, that the people, at any
time when they numbered sixty thousand, under
that ordinance, had the right themselves, through
the action of the Territorial Legislature, to come
forward 'and claim admission. That was the
foundation of the proceedings of the State of
Michigan based on the law which I now state.
Michigan had a population of sixty thousand,
and came forward for admission into the Union.
A convention was called, not by the act of the
people—that is, not by the act of individuals—but
by a law passed by the Territorial Legislature.
Their convention assembled and formed a State
constitution, and came forward claiming their
boundary to the line established by the ordinance
of Congress, and not acknowledging the Ohio
line. My honorable friend from California, who
was then a citizen of Ohio, I presume was in the
State at the time. He knows there was almost
civil war. He must remember that the militia of
Ohio and of Michigan were called out. I was
here in the Cabinet of General Jackson. I knew
his anxiety. We were all apprehensive lest a war
might break out.
Mr. WELLER. It came very near it.
Mr. CASS. If my friend was in Ohio at the
time he would have been engaged in it, in defense
of the rights of that State.
Under these circumstances, it must be obvious
to every Senator that there was, here and else-
where, much anxiety to close the matter. The
people of Michigan were exceedingly warm and
tenacious about their rights; for they were in
the right. What was tne proposition of Con-
gress ? Congress agreed to admit her into the
Union, provided aconvention of the people—that
is all the provision—not called in this way, or
that way, or the other, but a convention of the
people, should signify their assent to this change
of tne boundary line, so as to give to Ohio the
whole country south of the north cape of the
Maumee Bay. A convention was called, and
refused its consent to the proposition. Affairs
then looked worse and worse. Civil war seemed
to be almost imminent.
Mr. SEWARD. How was that first conven-
tion called?
Mr. CASS. By the Governor and Legislature
I think; at any rate it was called by legal author-
[ ity. The sole object of it—and it was so declared
by the act of Congress—was to assent to the
! change of the line. The first convention refused
its assent. By a spontaneous act of the people,'
a second convention was called—not to oppose
i the laws, like the Kansas convention—not to es-
1 tablish another government—not to get up and
oppose the acts of Congress, or of the Territorial
Legislature—not to make a revolution, but to
escape from a civil war, to get out of a difficulty
merely by saying that the people of the State were
willing to accept the proposition of Congress.
That convention did so; the people of the State
unanimously acquiesced in it; the State came here
to Congress, and was admitted into the Union.
I did not hear distinctly what the Senator said
in relation to the grounds taken by Mr. Buch-
anan. He referred to his views, and I thought
incorrectly. I venture to say here, that every
word which Mr. Buchanan uttered on the sub-
ject of conventions will be found in accordance
with the sentiments I have expressed. Mr.
Buchanan does not lay down the right of any
portion of the people in our country to form a
convention and institute unlawful proceedings to
| destroy the existing Government. Whenever
j you examine what Mr. Buchanan said upon that
subject, you will find it to be what I have stated.
I shall not detain the Senate longer.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall not detain the Sen-
ate by a detailed reply to the speech of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts. Indeed, I should not
deem it necessary to say one word, but for the
personalities in which he has indulged, evincing
a depth of malignity that issued from every sen-
tence, making it a matter of self-respect with me
to repel the assaults which have been made.
As to the argument, we have heard it all before.
Not a position, not a fact, not an argument has
he used, which has not been employed on the
same side of the Chamber this year, and replied
to by me twice. I shall not follow him, therefore,
because it would only be repeating the same an-
swer which I have twice before given to each of
his positions. He seems to get up a speech, as
in Yankee land they get up a bed quilt. They
take all the old calico dresses of various colors,
that have been in the house from the days of their
grandmothers, and invite the young ladies of the
neighborhood in the afternoon, and the young
men to meet them at a dance in the evening.
They cut up these pieces of old dresses and
make pretty figures, and boast of what beautiful
ornamental work they have made, although there
was not a new piece of material in the whole
quilt. [Laughter.] Thus it is with the speech
which we have had rehashed here tQ-day in re-
gard to matters of fact, matters of law, and mat-
ters of argument — everything but the personal
assaults and the malignity.
I beg pardon; there is another point. We have
, had another dish of the classics served up—
; classic allusions, each one only distinguished for
its lasciviousness and obscenity—each one drawn
from those portions of the classics which all de-
cent professors in respectable colleges cause to
be suppressed, as unfit for decent young men to
read. Sir, I cannot repeat the words._ I should
be condemned as unworthy of entering decent
society, if I.repeated those obscene, vulgar terms
which have been used at least a hundred times
in that speech. It seems that his studies of the
'classics have all been in those haunts where
ladies cannot go, and where gentlemen never
read Latin. [Laughter.] I have no disposition
to follow him in that part of his speech.
