1280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28.
proceeded to canvass the
the result, as follows:
Mr. Pearce ..33
Mr. Allen 30
Mr. Dodge 29
Mr. Geyer..., * 29
Mr. Cass.... 18
Mr. "Seward   *...13
Mr. Weller 12
Mr. Criltenden  9
Mr. Bell, of Term ........ 6
Mr. MaU'>;y 6
Mr. Clayton 4
Mr. Foot  4
Mr. Brodhead 3
Mr. Collainer.3
ballots, and announced
Mr. Thomson, of N.J.... 3
Mr.Toucey 3
Mr. Foster   2
Mr. Stuart 2
Mr. Toombs    2
Mr. Trumbull 2
Mr. Benjamin 1
Mr. Brown  1
Mi. Durkee I
Mr. Evans   1
Mr. Fish  1
Mr. Hamlin   1
Mr. SlidelJ   1
Mr. Wilson  1
The PRESIDENT. Messrs. Cass, Allen,
Dodge, Geyer, and Pearce, having rcccivcd a
plurality of the votes cast, are elected members of
the committee.
Mr. CASS. I did not hear distinctly the an-
nouncement of the standing of the members of the
Committee. If I am not the chairman I shall
serve, though I thought at first that [ would not
serve, and intimated to Senators my desire not to
be placed on the committee.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
that it has been the practice, in raising special
committees, for the committee to select the chair-
man.
Mr. CASS. If the •committee will excuse me
from that position, I shall participate in their de-
liberations; but I cannot serve as chairman. The
task would impose too much labor, and I am old.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator has the least
number of votes of the five gentlemen elccted, so
that he will not be chairman according to the
ttsual mode of designation.
Mr. CASS. I hoped that Senators would all
excuse mc, when I told them that I desired not
to serve-
AMENDMENT OF THE SENATE RULES.
Mr. STUART. I desire to give notice that I
shall hereafter ask leave to introduce an amend-
ment to the rules declaring it out of order for a
Senator in debate to use language reflecting on the
conduct or motives of any other Senator, or dis-
courteously or improperly reflecting upon the
action of a State other than the one represented
by the Senator speaking. I will prepare a rule
for the purpose of earring out that object; and
I suppose every Senator will agree that, if we can
effect the object, it will be veiy desirable.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, m compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, copies of the reports lately made by Lieu-
tenant Colonel J. D. Graham, relating to the
harbors and commerce of the lakes and rivers
within the States of Wisconsin and Michigan;
which, on motion of Mr. Stuart., was ordered to
lie on the table and be printed.
st. mary's river bill vetoed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the veto message of the President of the
United States on the bill making an appropria-
tion for deepening the channel over the flats of
St. Mary's river, in the State of Michigan.
In returning the bill without his approval, the
President says the appropriation which it pro-
poses is not, m his judgment, a necessary means
for the execution of any of the expressly-granted
powers of the Federal Government. The work
contemplated belongs to the general class of im-
provements, embracing roads, rivers, and canals,
designed to afford additional facilities for inter-
course, and for the transit of commorcc, and no
reason has been suggested to his mind for except-
ing it from the objections which apply to appro-
priations by the General Government for deepen-
ing the channel of rivers wherever shoals or other
obstacles impede their navigation, and thus ob-
struct communication and impose restraints upon
commerce within the States, or between the States
or Territories of the Uniou. He, therefore,
submitted it to the reconsideration of Congress
on account of the same objections, which have
been presented in his previous communications
on the subject of internal improvements.
Mr. STUART. This bill involves precisely the
same principle, I apprehend, with those which
were returned by the President a few days since,
with his objections, and which the Senate has
proceeded to reconsider agreeably to the Constitu-
tion. I therefore move that this bill, now returned
by the President, be made the special order for
to-morrow at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. IVERSON presented the petition of James
Connelly, a soldier in the late war with Mexico,
praying to be allowed arrearages of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of John R.
Tucker, for a pension and bounty land for the
services of his father, who was killed in battle
during the war of the Revolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions,
Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Maine, praying for the establishment,
at Washington, of a department of agriculture;
which was referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
ADVERTISING AND PRINTING.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to present to
the Senate a detailed statement of tiie sums winch have
hocn paid to newspapers pubh^hrd m Washington for ad-
veitisements or otln-r punting published or executed under
the oideiv, oi by authority of, the several Departments,
since the 4th day of March, 1853.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Franklin
Peate, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 331) for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Bronson, sub- ,
mittcd a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
332) for his relief; which was read, and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com- ;
mercc, to whom was inferred the bill (S. No. >
3J3) making an appropriation for the improve- i
mcnt of the channel at Ilell Gate, East river, !
in the State of New Yoik, reported it without ■
amendment. [
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post j
Officc and Post Roads, to whom was referred the i
House bill (No. 186) for the relief of William M.
F. Magraw, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of Ulysses Ward, and other citizens of
Washington, praying for an act of incorporation
jor a bank, icportcd that the prayer of the peti-
tioners ought not to be granted, and the report
was concurred in.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial
of Joseph Graham, late consul at Buenos Ayrcs,
praying for compensation for diplomatic services
as acting charge, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 333) for the relief of Jo-
seph Graham; which was read, and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of Joseph W. Thompson and others,
legal representatives of Charles Lucas, submitted )'
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 334) for
the relief of Charles Lucas, or his legal repre-
sentatives, and for other purposes; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred papers relating to the claim of the
legal representatives of Pierre CazeJar, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 335)
for the relief of the legal representatives of Pierre
Cazeiar, deceased; which was read, and passed
to a second reading, and the report was ordered
to be printed.
A. S. BENDER.
On motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the bills on the
Private Calendar in regular ordor; the first of
which was a bill (S. No. 224) for the relief of A.
S. Bender. It was under consideration, as in
Committee of the Whole, on Friday, April 19,
and a statement of it was published in the pro-
ceedings of that day.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to bo engrossed for a .
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
RINALDO AND ANN E. JOHNSON.
The Senate resumed the consideration, as in
Committee of the Whole, of the bill (S. No. 255)
for the relief of the legal representatives of Ri-
naldo Johnson and of Ann E.Johnson, deceased.
When last under consideration, Mr. Wade
moved to amend it, so as to make it read as
follows:
Be it enacted, fyc., That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury shall audit the claims of the legal lepresenta-
tives of Rinaldo Johnson and of Ann E. Johnson, for to-
bacco destroyed by the British m 1814, at the warehouses
at Magruder's ferry, on the Patuxent liver, in Maryland,
and, from such competent proof as may be exhibited to
them within six months after the passage of this act, ascer-
tain the quantity and value^of their tobacco so destroyed,
and that the amount so asceitained shall be paid out of any
money m the Treasniy not otherwise appropriated, to the
legal representatives of Rmaldo Johnson and of Ann E.
Johnson, deceased.
The amendments were agreed to; the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the
amendments were concurred in. The bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading; and
it was read the third time and passed.
NANCY BOWEN AND SARAH LARRABEE.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill,
(S. No. 256,) reported from the Committee on
Pensions, for the relief of Nancy Bowen and
Sarah Larrabee; which was read the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for placing on the pension roll
Nancy Bowen, formerly the'widow of Robert
Bnce,at the rate of nincty-sixdollars per annum,
from July 4, lc*50, during her natural life; also,
Sarah Larrabee, formerly widow of Barstow
Newell, at ninety-six dollars per annum, com-
mencing on the 1st of March, 1854, and contin-
uing during her natural life.
Robert Brice was a seaman on board of the
frigate Constitution, and was killed in the action
with the English frigate Guerricre. His widow
received for ten ycats a pension of seventy-two
dollars per annum, when she became the wife of
Aaron Bowen, and her pension ceased by law.
Bowen died in 1848, leaving her in a destitute
and helpless situation, aged, infirm, and child-
less; and she therefore prays for a renewal of the
pension allowed to her previous to her second
marriage.
The case of Sarah Larrabee, former widow of
Barstow Newell, presents the same general state
of facts, with the exception that neither the peti-
tioner nor her husband ever drew a pension.
On application to the Pension Bureau, she was
informed that her case was barred by her second
marriage, notwithstanding she was a widow at
the time of her application.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
OSCAR F. JOHNSTON.
The bill, (S. No.257,) reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, for the relief of Oscar
F. Johnston, a passed midshipman in the United
States Navy, was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It is proposed to allow to 0. F. Johnston,
$350, being the amount of pay due him from
June 8, 1852, the date of his warrant as a passed
midshipman, to June 8, 1853, the date of his
examination.
The petitioner entered the naval service as an
acting midshipman in 1846; his warrant as a
passed midshipman bears date June 8,1852; but,
owing to his absence from the United States on
duty, his examination could not take place until
June 8, 3853. The Department decided, on June
9,1853. (which decision was sustained by the At-
torney General,) that the memorialist could onlv
be paid as a passed midshipman from the date of
his examination.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
