1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nm
of taking it if their consciences will not permit
them to do so.
Mr. BAYARD. I should hope that this was
not a personal matter m any individual Senator.
I do not see why the honorable Senator from
Georgia, should make it so. I am not making
that issue, but I am speaking of the duty of Con-
gress in fixing compensation. I impeach no
man's motives.
Air. IVERSOjNT. T do not understand the Sen-
ator to make any allusion to me, nor I to him.
Mine was a mere playful remark.
3\Ir. PUGH. It is not a question of conscience
with me,and my friend frojn Georgia need not take
it in any such light. I have said, and say again,
that I believe the present compensation of mem-
bers of Congress enluely inadequate; but I have
never been satisfied that the system of salary
would answer; and,in tact, within the last twenty-
four hours I have become more convinced that it
is our duty to go back to the proposition of the
Senator from Vermont—not the amount stated in
it, but the manner of payment. I do not believe
the people of the United States will ever be satis-
fied with a system which bears on its face the
idea of paying members of Congress during vaca-
tion. 1 do not know that them is anything well
founded in the objection, but f believe it will be
made. My objection is to th'"4 manner.
Mr. BR6wN. Allow !iic to ask my friend a
question: do not the people of every State of the
Union pay their judges during vacation, and pay
them salaries ?
Mr. PUGH. But the judges have duties to
perform out of term.
Mr. BROWN. Mighty little.
Mr. PUGH. They are bound to hear causes,
and motions also. I disagree with the Senator
from Georgia, and agree with the Senator from
Delaware. There is a very important distinction
made by this amendment. It is a distinction
which will be found annually. If it is to be
adopted, we vote ourselves compensation at the
rate of three thousand dollars for the next session.
This bill is to pay us §3,000 a session.
Mr. WELLER. Three thousand dollars a year.
Mr. PUGH. Three thousand a session is the
House bill.
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir, $3,000 a year.
Mr. "PUGH. It says the pay is to be $6,000
for a Congress. |
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator from Ohio will per- ;
mit me I will correct him in that respect. ■
Mr. PUGH, I shall be happy to receive any
correction from any friend.
Mr. CLAY. The bill provides ^3,000 a year,
.and not a session, for it expressly declares that
there shall be no other compensation for an extra
session of Congress.
Mr. PUGH. Well, see whether I am right.
The bill sets out with declaring that our compen-
sation shall be $6,000 a Congress. On the first
day of every session we are to be paid mileage;
then monthly during the session we are to be
paid a compensation at the rate of $3,000 a year;
and on the last day of the'sessioh we are to get
the balance for the whole year in one pile. That i
is the House bill. What will be the consequencc |
if we adopt the amendment of the Senator from '
Delaware? On the first day of the next session i
we are to be paid our mileage, and then monthly j
at the end of thp month of December; and at the 1
end of the month of January we are to be paid our j
monthly compensation;butwhenthe 4th ofMarch !
comes we are paid a gross sum of money equiv- '
aleni to $3,000 for throe months. I agree that j
this bill ought to commence with the next Con- ;
gross, i know it will operate hardly on some ,
members of the House, and may operate to some j
extent favorably to me, as I shall probably be j
here at the next Congress if I live. That cannot i
be avoided; but I should bp willing to vote for a
proviso that it shall not take effect as to any mem-
ber of either House during his present term.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend to detain the
Senate. If my friends will agree, let us concur j
in the amendment of the honorable Senator from i
• Delaware. I am perfectly willing to agree to it, '•
but I admitat the same time it is offensive to my i
notions of palpablejustice. I know, if you intend j
to go to the people, they have a great deal more !
sense than you think they have. [Laughter.] I
If you suppose you are to "go to the people, and !
make this argument, that you are paying yourself j
| back rations, I will reply before any tribunal of
j justice on earth that, if I have taken it for the
j eight and a half months that are passed, I have
; earned it more than I shall earn it the next three
j months, from December to the 4th of March.
! Yet gentlemen are willing to have it in that way,
! provided you pat it in future. They are willing
to give it a future operation, so as to get $3,00U
for the three months; but when you wish to go
back, and pay for past services for eight or nine
months, they say it is objectionable. I am will-
ing to consult the scruples and refinements of
gentlemen. I am willing to accommodate myself
to those who believe they can make one expla-
nation to the people and have a different opinion
of their own—I do not say they may not have
this opinion. Payment for past service 1 am
willing to give up. 1 dwell very little on the sub-
ject of how far it may profit me or this gentle-
man or that gentleman, or how it may be regarded
in a popular point of view. 1 am here under the
Constitution to exercise the power of saying
what compensation shall be allowed, and ought
to be allowed, in justice. 1 was perfectly will-
ing to take the scheme of the Committee on
Finance. I voted for it, though I do not think it
as good as the one proposed in this bill. Nor
does this meet with my entire approbation; but
rather than have a difficulty about it, 1 am per-
fectly willing to say here that I will give up my
$800 or §900 on that account. I am willing to
concede something to the scruples of gentlemen
who have technical notions on the mode of pay-
ment.
Mr. BAYARD. I should not have troubled
the Semite again in this debate—I think they un-
derstand my position—but the honorable Senator
from South Carolina, though he may not have
intended it, seems to imply that I have been one
of the persons who hold one language here and
express scruples here, but maintain another idea
before the people abroad. As regards myself—1
do not mean to make any boast about it—my rule
of action stands on my own sense of ri<jht. I
always believe that if f do that which I tlnnk to
be right my constituents will sustain me m it. I
shall give no other reason to them under any cir-
cumstances than I would give to the Senate of the
United States; not a particle sooner than the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina, though I
may not make as many professions about it as
he does.
Mr. BUTLER. I make no professions. My
friend from Delaware chooses to say that I have
made professions. "What professions have I
made?
Mr. BAYARD. You made implied imputa-
tions on the motives of others. I think nobody
could fail to understand the Senator's intimation,
that we hold one language here, and would hold
another language to the people.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 said no such thing.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I misunderstood you;
that is all.
Mr. BUTLER. You had better understand,
before you undertake to assume too much. The
remark which I made was, that if the measure
was intrinsically right, let us vote for it; but if
gentlemen supposed that a change would be more
acceptable to the people, or more acceptable ac-
cording to their notions in their appeal to the
people, 1 was willing to give up my notions, and
concede to theirs.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the only principle m
this bill which can be obser\ed, has been acted
on in the vote just taken; ond, therefore, I am
against the motion of the Senator from Delaware.
I should have preferred, as a general rule, not
that there is any principle in it, that the compen-
sation should be prospective. I think that is just;
but, when we determine to pay this Congress, 1
see no reason in paying ourselves for one session
and not for the other; and, therefore, though I
voted for the motion to strike out, because it ex-
cluded the compensation for this Congress, I shall
vote against the motion of the Senator from Dela-
ware to divide it; because, if we can vote to pay
compensation for one session of this Congress,
we can vote it for two sessions.
I see no difficulty about this matter. The Con-
stitution has vested! the power in Congress to vote
themselves a just compensation. It is impossible,
unless gentlemen choose to take nothing, under
which would not violate what seems to be a prin-
ciple with some. At the beginning of the*Gov-
ernmont, the Senators who sat for the first six
years never could take pay unless they voted it
to themselves. One third of this body go out on
the 4th of March, and two thirds remain after-
wards; so that, according to the argument of
some Senators, the pay can never be increased,
inasmuch as a portion of the Senators will always
be here to be benefited by their own vote. I see
no difference, except in increasing the quantity.
1 think my friend from Louisiana tripped in his
argument. I appreciate the motive; but it is only
a question of an increase of pay. If his contract
was with the people from the first day he. took
his seat, it continues to the last day of his term;
it is an entire contract. He says it is a good
contract until the law is changed. Very well.
I admit that; but the law might be changed the
next day after he came here; for the Constitution
gives that power, and therefore there is nothing
m that argument. Unless we vote money to our-
selves we must postpone the operation of the
bill until four years after the 4th of March, by
which time there will have been new elections
for seats in this body. I do not think that is
right. We are but one branch. There is a check
on the other branch by postponing it to another
session, when the people can be heard. They
may check it by changing the House. That
would be one security ;"and it would give them
all necessary security. I should prefer the bill
i in the original slnfpe; but as that might be sup-
I posed to be injustice to gentlemen equally enti-
! tied, though 1 voted to strike out the third section,
| I must vote against the amendment of my friend
from Delaware, who I think is outside of all
principle in the motion which he makes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not intend to discuss
this subject any further; but if I have failed to
make myself understood, I wish a second time to
state the proposition. The distinction to my
mind is so obvious that I am utterly astonished
that it does not strike everybody else. We have
served up to this day in the Congress of the
United States under a Jaw; that law allows us a
certain rate of pay. Jf we received our per diem
day by day, as We had a right to do, the pay
would already have been received—the law would
have been executed. We have a right under the
Constitution to fix our compensation. It has
been fixed for us by our predecessors, and not
changed to this hour. We have a right to change
it when we please, and when wc do change it the
new law operates. Until it be changed the old
law is in force. Now, up to this day the law has
been in force which limited our compensation to
eight dollars per diem of the session. If we
change the law to-day, from this day forward the
law will be different. Our contract with our
constituency, our rights under the Constitution,
point to the same measure; that is to say,the law
as it stands when we come here, with a right in
us to change the law prospectively. I hold that,
i this Congress has the same right to vote me
| $10,0U0 for my services during the last Congress,
' as ii has to appropriate a dollar extra forany past
I time I have served during the present Congress.
| I have served in the present Congress under a
j law now in existence, and 1 have been paid under
f thnt law. When the law changes, I shall receive
1 whatever the new law may provide;but until the
law is changed 3 have certainly no right to receive
anything rnoie than the old law provides.
! Mr. BAYARD. J have but a word in answer
> to the honorable Senator from Georgia. I stated
—if I did not I meant to state distinctly—that, in
: my opinion, it would have been wiser to have
j framed the bill originally in the Senate to apply
! to the next Congress; but the Senate of the um-
j: ted States, in the bill they passed, adopted a dif-
I ferent rule, and applied it to the present Congress
/prospectively. 1 thought the motion made to
' strike out the section in the House bill, so far as
: it affected the present Congress, was inconsistent
| with the action of the .body, though that action
| had not been in accordance with my previous
j judgment. The honorable Senator from Louis-
j lana has explained so much better than I can the
i distinction between the case of prospective and
I retrospective payment that I shall leave the ques-
i tion.
1 The amendment was rejected; there being, on
i a division—ayes 13, noes 19.
