546
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 20,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Mr. Douglas, Mr. Mason.
Senate.
to allow you to bring in each one of your bills
and get a vote on them in the Senate.
Now, sir, this dealing in general terms of insult;
this talk about crime, treachery, and swindling;
this indulgence in coarse, vulgar denunciation
against three fourths of the body to which you
belonsr, does not meet the points between us. You
challenged me to this great issue, which you say
you have made up between the negro worshipers
andthe " slave power," as you call it. Whatyou
call the slave power is simply observance of the
Constitution of the country, as our fathers made
it. Let us have that fair issue between the parties,
and let us discuss that, instead of dealing in de-
nunciation against one another here. I wish the
Senate to bear in mind that, in the many contro-
versies in which I have been engaged since f have
been a member of this body, I never had one in
which I was not first assailed. I have always
stood on the defensive. You arrange it on the
opposite side of the House to set your hounds
after me, and then complain when I cuff them
over the head, and send them back yelping. I
never made an assault on any Senator; I have
only repelled attacks.
The attack of the Senator from Massachusetts
now is not on me alone. Even the courteous and
the accomplished Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Butler] could not be passed by in his ab-
sence.
Mr. MASON. Advantage was taken of it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is suggested that advant-
age is taken of his absence. I think that is a
mistake. I think the speech was written and
practiced, and the gestures fixed; and, if that part
had been stricken out, the Senator would not
have known how to repeat the speech. [Laugh-
ter.] AH that tirade of abuse must be brought
down on the head of the venerable, the courteous,
and the distinguished Senator from South Car-
olina. I shall not defend that gentleman here.
Every Senator who knows him loves him. . The
Senator from Massachusetts may take every
charge made against him in his speech, and may
verify by hi3 oath, and by the oath of every one
of his confederates, and there is not an honest
man in this Chamber ivho will not repel it as a
slander. Your oaths cannot make a Senator feel
that it was not an outrage to assail that hon-
orable gentleman in the terms in which he has
been attacked. He, however, will be here in due
time to speak for himself, and to act for himself,
too. I know what will happen. The Senator
from ^Massachusetts will go to him, whisper a
secret apology in his ear, and ask him to accept
that as satisfaction for a public outrage on his
character! I know how the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is in the habit of (foing those things.
I have had some experience of his skill in that j
respect. j
The Senator has also made an assault on the
late President of the Senate, General Atchison—
a man of as kind a nature, of as genuine and true j
a heart, as ever animated a human soul. He is !
impulsive and generous, carrying his good qual-
ities sometimes to an excess which induces him
to say and do many things that would not meet
my approval; but all who know him know him
to be a gentleman and an honest man, true and
loyal to the Constitution of his country. He is
assailed here as a Catiline. After exhausting all
the epithets in the English language, the Senator
•went off to the Latin, to see if he could not find
more of them there to denounce this man, and
he employed some which Cicero used towards
Catiline.
Why these attacks on individuals byname, and
two thirds of the Senate collectively ? Is it the
object to drive men here to dissolve social rela-
tions with political opponents? Is it to turn the
Senate into a bear garden, where Senators cannot
associate on terms which ought to prevail between
fentlemen ? These attacks are heaped upon me
y man after man. When I repel them, it is inti-
mated that I show some feeling on the subject.
Sir, God grant that when I denounce an act of
infamy I shall do it with feeling, and do it under
the sudden impulses of feeling, instead of sitting
up at night writing out my denunciation of a man
whom I hate, copying it, having it printed, punc-
tuating the proof-sheets, and repeating it before ,
the glass, in order to give refinement to insult, i
which is only pardonable when it is the outburst
of a just indignation.
Mr. President, I shall not occupy the time of
the Senate. I dislike to be forced to repel these at-
tacks upon myself, which seem to be repeated on
every occasion. It appears that gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber think they would not
be doing justice to their cause if they did not
make myself a personal object of bitter denun-
ciation and malignity. I hope that the debate
on this bill may be brought to a close at as early
a day as possible. I shall do no more in these
side discussions than vindicate myself and repel
unjust attacks, but I shall ask the Senate to per-
mit me to close the debate, when it shall close,
in a calm, kind summary of the whole question,
avoiding personalities.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the necessities
of our political position bringus into relations and
associations upon this floor, which, in obedience
to a common Government, we are forced to admit.
They bring us into relations and associations,
which, beyond the walls of this Chamber, we are
enabled to avoid—associations here, whose pres-
ence elsewhere is dishonor, and the touch of
whose hand would be a disgrace. They are the
necessities of our political position; and yet, Mr*.
President, it is not easy to bear them. Repre-
senting our States here, under a Constitution
which we came here to obey, we are constrained
to listen, from day to day, from sources utterly
, irresponsible, to language to which no gentleman
would subject himself elsewhere. I say it is
difficult to bear. We bear it from respect to the
obligations of the Constitution, and in obedience
to the constitutional trust which we have under-
| taken to perform.
Sir, the Senator who here represents Massa-
; chusetts undertook to-day to assail the absent—
to assail one honorable man, who honored this
Chamber when he was a member of this body,
i but who is no longer a member, and to assail him
whenhe was at the distance of some two thousand
miles from his presence; and to assail him how?
Assuming to be the Cicero of the occasion, to
denounce him as a Catiline! Mr. President, the
Senator who did it, while assailing, also, a man
whom I am honored in calling my friend—the
Senator from South Carolina—that Senator who
assailed them both here on this floor, was base
enough to declare the turpitude of his own an-
cestry and to avow it; ay, sir, declared the tur-
pitude of his own ancestors and avowed it here.
Now, Mr. President, let the accusation go forth,
and let the self-drawn character of the accuser go
> with it.
j I am not here to vindicate those gentlemen.
| The Senator from South Carolina will return in
j good time to his place. He is now at home, where
| he has been for the last two weeks. I will say
\ this, however, in the presence of the Senate, that
when the Senator from Massachusetts dared, in
this Chamber, and amopg those who know the
Senator from South Carolina, to connect his name
with untruth—for he did so—he presented him-
self here as one utterly incapable of knowing
what truth is—utterly incapable of conceiving the
perceptions of an honorable mind, when directed
to the investigation of truth. He presented him-
self as the cunning artificer or forger, who knows
no other use of truth than to give currency to
| falsehood; who uses the beaten gold to enable him i
'■ to pass off the false coin; who distinguishes be-
I tween that which is pure metal and that which is
not so, only to enable him to deceive those who
' have trusted him here. ,
j But, Mr. President, I did not intend to be be-
trayed into this debate. I have said that the ne-
cessity of political position alone brings me into
relations with men upon this floor who elsewhere
I cannot acknowledge as possessing manhood in [
any form. I am constrained to hear here deprav- j
ity, vice in its most odious form uncoiled in this I j
presence, exhibiting its loathsome deformities in j
aeration and vilification against the quarter of
theTountry from which I come; and I must listen
to it because itis a necessity of myposition, under i
a common Government, to recognize as an equal,
politically, one whom to see elsewhere is to shun
and despise. I did not intend to be betrayed into
this debate; but I submit to the necessity of my
position. I am here now united with an honored
band of patriots, from the North equally with the
South, to try if we can preserve and perpetuate
those institutions which others are prepared to
betray, and are seeking to destroy; and I will
submit to the necessity of that position at least
until the work is accomplished.
W"hat I desired chiefly to do, Mr. President,
was to bring before the American people, and
more especially the people represented by the
Senator from Massachusetts, what he calls the
supremacy of the " slave power." That Senator
is not alone in exhibiting this power to the quar-
ter of the country from which he comes. The
ribald sheets of a depraved press in unison with
that Senator, use the same language which he has
used on this floor within the last twenty-four
hours, though by another name—they call it the
"slaveocracy." The Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] speaks of it as an " oligarchy."
All these confederate Senators are loud in their
denunciation of the " slave power." They de-
clare that it exercises a supreme control over the
affairs of this Government. They taunt Senators
who come here from States where there are no
slaves, with submitting to it. And yet they have
never told you what it is—never. What, then, ia
the " slave power" which Senators denounce? It
is not the wealth of the slaveholding States, for
the Senator from Massachusetts himself, by an
extravagance of speech, declared here yesterday,
that the productive industry of his own small
State was greater than the whole cotton-growing
labor of the South.
Mr. SUMNER. Three times greater.
Mr. MASON. Three times greater; be it so for
the argument. It is not the wealth of the South,
then, which constitutes the " slave power." Is it
the numerical strength ? No; for indisputably we
are numerically in a minority. Is it in political
power meted out by the Constitution to the States ?
No; for we are in a minority in the Senate where
the States are represented; we are in a minority
in the other branch where the people are repre-
sented numerically; and we are in a minority in
the electoral college.
What, then, is the " slave power" to which the
Senator from Massachusetts, and all his confed-
erates, so frequently refer? Mr. President, there
is but one power left, and that is a great and con-
trolling power, not alone in the halls of legislation,
but in the world. It is the moral power of truth
and justice; it is the moral power which recog-
nizes the obligations of a compact, and observea
it as you observe the compacts of honor; and when
these Senators ascribe that power to the slave-
holding States, they pay an involuntary, perhaps,
but a high tribute to the institution of slavery,
which they denounce.
Now, let the Senator survey the whole field of
power to find whence the " slave power" comos;
and when he admits, as he must admit, that it ia
not in wealth, or in numerical strength, or in the
constitutional allotment of power, what is it? He
says it exists; that it is supreme; that Presidents
bend to it; that Senators yield to it; and his own
acknowledgment of the existence of the power,
shows that his morale feels it also. Let me ask
him whence comes it? The picture is his; not
mine. If there be any slave power exerting an
influence upon the counsels of this country, it is
that moral power diffused through the world,
acknowledged' everywhere, and to which kings
and potentates bow—it is the moral power of
truth; adherence to the obligations of honor, and
the dispensation of those charities of life thatenno-
ble the nature of man. That is the moral power
which the Senator ascribes to the institution of
slavery.
Now, Mr. President, if that be so, how ungrate-
ful is that Senator and his State of Massachusetts!
Whatever wealth it may have, and wealth it
undoubtedly has, is the creature of this Federal
Government; for let them be separated from it,
and they would dwindle, and decay, and die.
What is their productive power ? They are the
carriers of the South; they are enriched by the
exchanges of the South. We consume the fabrics
of their loom; and underthe benefits of our com-
mercial laws, (all which the South has contrib-
uted possessing the controlling power which the
Senator ascribes to it,) they have grown rich.
