1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
scarcely able to articulate, with marts of violence opon
Ms throat and upon the side of Ins head, which had un-
doubtedly produced the condition of the system iu which
he found Ima.'*
X am not a physician, and shall not go into an
inquiry as to what hatbproduced this state of the
physical system of Mr. Hastings; but I have
seen men with a " cold skin, scarcely able to
"articulate," who had not been robbed of gold but
of something else.
Laying aside the yery doubtful character of the
evidence before us in the present case, permit me
to say that relief bills of this nature are of dan-
gerous precedent; they invite robberies. 1 am not
able to say whether this is the first time when
this collector was robbed of any sum of public
money. Was this man ever robbed before ?
Mr. BIGLER. I have no knowledge of any-
thing of the kind-
Mr. HALE. Then I will not make any in-
sinuation of that sort; I do not know anything
about it; but it is admitted by the report of the
committee which has been submitted, that the
policy of the Government is against such bills as
this. Whenever the settled policy is departed
from by relieving from responsibility men who
the custodians of the public Treasury, and
iaftio have been robbed, the circumstances, it is
" agreed on all hands, should be so clear and so
convincing as to exclude the suspicion of any
fraud on their part. Now, sir, if I understand
this report, it does not do that. The report admits
that there must have been collusion somewhere;
but, instead of charging it upon the man wiio
■would be most likely to be guilty of it, this report,
or some portion of it, (perhaps the statement
made by Mr. Gouge, appended to the report,)
throws the suspicion upon the watchman. Mr.
Gouge, the special agent of the Treasury Depart-
ment, who went to examine into this matter,
having investigated it, became convinced, as I
think every man must be upon an inspection of
this case, that there was some collusion some-
where.; that such a robbery as this was without
precedent,and without parallel. Mr. Gougesays:
" Having been informed of the inadequacy of the defense
in the custom-house at Pittpburg, the Tieastiry Depart
merit had authorized the collector to employ two wateh-
inen, though the miiii then 111 the depository was nor l.uge.
Two watchmen were accordingly employee!; but they
proved unfaithful to their trust. One ol them was drunk.*"
I wonder if he had a clammy skin, and could
not articulate!
" One of them was drunk and asleep—perhaps had been
drugged: the other is suongly suspected of having aided in
the iobl>ery."
That is the whole testimony.
Mr. PRATT. At what time was the notice
given ? Docs the report state ?
Mr. HALE. I thank the Senator for calling
my attention to that point. I do not wish to he
tedious; and I regret the time which I amobligod
to take. Mr. Hastings, according to this account,
was knocked down and robbed at about half
past six o'clock, and
u Mrs. Hastings testifies that, about three quarters of an
Jiour after hei husband went out, she heaid him calling,
and on going to the front door, in company with her son,
Ihey discovered Mi. Hastings lying on the steps. She asked
him if he was sick, and he answered,4 They have knocked
me down ; send Tommy lor Rowley.1 She noticed that
he had been stiuck on the head, and was bleeding. After
Mr. Ilowley had arrived they helped him into the house."
Cupples, the watchman, who was there (and
Mr. Gouge does not say which one was drunk
and which was probably cognizant of the rob-
bery)
"Deposes that his watch commenced at seven, p. m.,
when he wofit on duty till morning; that when he eumein,
at seven o'clock, he sat down in the front office, smoked a
cigai, and fell asleep; slept about an hour; when he awoke
lie saw no one in the office; shortly after McAjl.m, the
other watchman, came in, walked about, and retned. Soon
after Mr. Kecnan came and told him that Hastings had
been knocked down, and the key? taken from him, and
warned him to be on his guard. He heaid no noise during
the night." i
Mr. PRATT. Was that at seven o'clock at!
night? |
Mr. HALE. According to all the testimony,
this notice was given at the custom-house soon 1
after eight o'clock. The watchmen watched very
closely from that time till morning to see that no
body made use of the keys which had been taken
from Mr. Hastings under such mysterious cir-
cumstances. Now, I will give you what occurred
in the morning:
" Samuel Kcllar deposes .- Is a cicrk in the custom-housc;
left the office at five o'clock on Friday evening; heard of
the attack on Mr. Hastings at seven o'clock Saturday morn-
ing; went to the office, and found things looking right;
when Mr. Taylor came I told him of the attack: we sat
down and read the papers until about nine o'clock; Mr.
Taylor retired for a short time; returned and unlocked the
vault; he exclaimed,4 My God, the gold is gone tooI
looked, and saw some gold scattered on the floor."
This is the substance of the evidence, and this
is the whole of it. As I said before, I know nothing
of these people; Inevers&w and I never heard of
them until I read this report. The reading of the
evidence has utterly failed to satisfy my mind
that there was a robbery; and I further believe
that if this "collector gets off without paying this
money, and is not prosecuted for embezzlement,
he will be treated quite as liberally as he has a
right to demand of the Government.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President 
Mr. BIGLER. Will my colleague allow me
to allude to a few facts of which I have some per-
sonal knowledge?
Mr. BRODHEAD. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no inclination-to debate
this question; indeed the condition of my health
forbids that I should debate any subject. I have
but a few words to say. The Senator from New
Hampshire will pardon me for the suggestion
that some of his conclusions aru perhaps illiberal.
Those conclusions arise, I have no doubt, from
want of knowledge of the man, the circumstances
surrounding him, the situation of his residence,
and all the accompaniments which could facilitate
an outrage of this kind.
I have known Mr. Hastings from boyhood,
and I am ready to say, sir, that I have always
regarded him as a strictly honest, guileless man,
utterly incapable of such a deed as is insinuated.
It would be out of the question for him to retain
facts of this kind; he would expose himself first—
that is his nature. I happened to be in the west-
ern part of the State of Pennsylvania very shortly
after this occurrence, and on my way home I
called to see Mr. Hastings. He was then still
confined to his bed. He had been regarded as in
a very critical condition. The injuries inflicted
on him were severe, and by some of his friends
it was feared they would be fatal. On that point
the evidence of the physician is enough.
He resided in Alleghany city, on the opposite
side of the river from the <. ollr-ctoi's office, on an
eminence xiear the canal. His house is approached
by steps, confined by high walls on either side.
Perhaps those walls are twenty feet back from
the canal. Next the house, and at the foot of the
steps, where the steps begin, is an iron gate. It
was at this gate, between these high walls,
secluded from observation from any quarter, that
the assault was committed on Mr. Hastings.
He was knocked down, and robbed of his watch
and of his personal funds, and the wounds upon
him showed very clearly that it was the intention
of the assailers to destroy his hfe.
I know further, sir, that this young man made
every reasonable effort to arrest the villains. I
happened to be Governor of the State at the time,
and I think I granted at least two requisitions
which Mr. Hastings's activity sent all over the
country. You will see that a very thorough ex-
amination was made before Mayor Voltz, at the
time. I felt myself a great interest that these
robbers should be arrested, but the whole attempt
failed. Mr. Hastings spent his own individual
funds in sending out officers and men, through
the West, to detect the robbers. I think I am
safe in saying that, since then, the personal estate,
small as it was, of that young man, has been sold
by the sheriff to pay these very expenses. He
has not asked the Government to pay them; but
the $9,000 which was taken from him m this vio-
lent way, by a robbery of the keys when he was
left for clead, he asks to be relieved from, because
he is utterly unable to pay it. His compensation
is meager, not averaging more than $1,200 per
year. The very fact that the Treasury Depart-
ment allows him to remain there speaks for its
judgment of the case. It was promptly investi-
gated; and Mr. Guthrie was clear that Mr. Has-
tings was guilty of no neglect, and could have
had no complicity with this wrong, or certainly
he would not have been retained.
With regard to the report, my colleague will
answer for it. I will only remark at this point,
that, if the case of Major Cunningham, (a bill
for whose relief we have passed at the present
session,) and one other, where a clerk, by a mere'
false entry on the book, committed a robbery on
his superior officer, are proper cases in which the
Senate of the United States is to extend relief,
this application surely should be favorably con-
sidered, Of course what I say with regard to
my personal knowledge of this man, and the
circumstances of the transaction, I would not
impose on the Senate but as facts important to-
the case, with which I am perfectly familiar. I
say here to you, sir, that I believe this claim is
an honest one, just as it purports to be, however
incomprehensible some of the circumstances may
seem to be to the Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have only a word or two
to add to what has been so well said by my col-
league. I have very little personal acquaintance
with this gentleman; but it will be recollected by
the Senate, that.when the bill for the relief of
Major Cunningham, which was reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs, was before
us,, I called attention to the fact that similar cases
were .pending before the Committee on Claims.
I stated that the committee felt embarrassed in
regard to them, and desired to learn from the Sen-
ate whether a receiver of public moneys was to-
be held to the same accountability as a common
carrier, only to be released by the act of God, or
the common enemy—or whether he was only to
be held responsible for ordinary care and diligence,
such as a prudent man would exercise over his
own funds. The Senate passed that bill, and
afterwards this was presented by the Committee
on Claims..
There were some prominent facts connected
with this case, which impressed themselves on
the committee. The robbery was immediately
investigated next morning, before the mayor of
the city, and in fhe presence arid under the direc-
tion of the district attorney of the United States
for the western district of Pennsylvania, Judge
Shalor, a man known to the whole country, and
highly appreciated for his great integrity, learn-
ing, and legal ability. It was subsequently inves-
tigated by Mr. Gouge, a gentleman of great intel-
ligence and integrity, who has been connected for
the last twenty years with the Treasury Depart-
ment. It was also investigated by another agent
of the Department, Mr. Crawford, the supervis-
ing inspector. In view of the reports which they
made to the Secretary of the Treasury, he con-
tinued this gentleman in office.
In reporting this bill, I felt it to be my duty to
submit all the testimony which bore upon the
case. I did so, although some of it may be, per-
haps, a little inconsistent. The fact of the great
personal violence on thisgentleman; the fact that
he is continued in office; the fact stated by my
colleague, that he is entitled to credit and belief—
all seem to preclude the idea of any complicity on
his part. I confess that I should not have agreed
to report this claim favorably, in the absence of
the circumstance of the commission of great per-
sonal violence; but I could not well conceive how
a man would have himself so damaged (as Mr.
Hastings was, according to the testimony of the
physician, who is said to be a highly respectable
gentleman) for the purpose of carrying out a
scheme of collusion.
The Senate having acted favorably on the other
cases alluded to by my colleague, the Committee
on Claims took up this claim; and upon the testi-
mony presented—not upon outside rumors, be-
cause we did not go into them—felt it to be their
duty to report the bill. Mr. Hastings, I may
state, was then and is now the editor of a partisan
newspaper in Pittsburg; but that has nothing to
do with the merits of the claim. ^
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to ask the chairman of
the committee who reported this bill, whether
there was any evidence before the committee that
the money was m the vault, except the testimony
of Hastings himself.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Yes, sir. Mr. Gouge re-
ports:
" In each depository I found the amount of money which
the books and returns called tor except at Pittsbuig. In that
theie was a deficiency of §9,956 6-2."
And one other witness, I believe, testifies that
the bags were there.
Mr. HALE. I believe not.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I shall endeavor to find
out.
Mr. HALE. 1 believe it will appear that there
