1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vm
is not a particle of evidence th.at this money was
in the vault, except the testimony of Hastings
himself. We have not even the testimony of the
deputy collector to this point. There-probably
was a cashier of that institution; there was prob-
ably a cash account; and if $10,000 were there
somebody must have known it besides Hastings.
The deputy collector must have known it, for lie
had the key of the vault, and locked it.
Mr. Gouge testifies to a deficiency. I have not
the slightest doubt in the world of that; I believe
that is beyond controversy; but the fact that any
money was there W all stands on the unsupported
testimony of Hastings himself. Everything that
has been said by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler] is as to his personal
character, and his own personal knowledge of
Mr. Hastings. The other Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Brobiiead,] Uk; chairman of the
committee, speaks of violence on his person.
Mr. President, one of the most notorious cases
of a man's robbing himself that ever occurred
in this country, was one in which a late distin-
guished Senator from Massachusetts appeared as
counsel. In that case the man was shot through
the hand—a ball actually went through his hand
—but it was fired by himself, and so turned out.
The whole testimony in this case, as to the vio-
lence, is simply that he had a very cold skin, was
scarcely able to articulate, with marks of vio-
lence on his throat and the side of his head.
"Whether or not they were more than a man
would naturally have who had a cold, clammy
skin, and was unable to articulate, on falling
down steps, is not stated. 1 have nothing more
to say.
Mr. BIGLER. Do I understand the Senator
from New Hampshire to be under the impression
that this young man was not a man of good habits,
or that he may have been intoxicated at the
time?
Mr. HALE. I only spoke of. the symptoms
to which the doctor testified; and X am uncfer the
impression that I have seen people with those
symptoms who had not good habits.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no doubt of that; very
probably they will be seen hereafter; but there is
no evidence that Mr. Hastings, on this, or any
other occasion, was intoxicated. That is not his
habit.
I am aware, sir, and it is right that I should
state that, on one occasion, some time after this
occurrence, a ward meeting in Pittsburg passed
some resolutions, in which it was insinuated that
the robbery was not genuine. It was a reflection
on Mr. Hastings. I desire to say to the Senators
who have some knowledge of the proceedings of
that meeting, which was a very unimportant affair
indeed, that Mr. Hastings was the rival of certain
gentlemen for the office which he now holds; and
we all kno w'the feelings that grow up in such con-
tests. It is one of those small things that we find
in every community; but I have never yet, in my
general intercourse there, met any considerable
number of reflecting people who ever doubted,
for a moment, the correctness of all that Mr.
Hastings said on the subject. The physician,
Doctor^McCook, was, as I know very well, no
friend of Mr. Hastings. The mayor who made
the entire investigation was of opposite politics.
Mr SEWARD. Mr. President, this matter
is entirely new to. me, and I have no more ideas
concerning it than those which have presented
themselves in the course Qt the debate. I can
very well conceive, if the l'eport be correct, that
there is ground forajust claim; butl can equally
well conceive that the transaction may have been
a fraudulent one, and the claim, therefore, unjust.
I think it is premature to attempt to decide upon
the evidence before us. The sum which was lost
amounts to nearly ten thousand dollars, and that
sum was in gold. Robbers—those who despoil
banks and treasures, and break locks—sometimes
go one month—sometimes five months or six
months, a year, and, possibly, sometimes two
years, without leaving, somewhere, a clue by
which their crimes can be detected. The posses-
sion of so large a sum of money, by people unac-
customed to use it, is generally a circumstance
which follows after a very short periods and is
noted.
We all of us can remember similar transactions.
I remember a case which happened to myself
when a very young man. I lost some money
which I was unable to find, and I could discover
no clue to the thief or the theft, until a period of
some six or eight months, when a court of justice,
without my knowledge, brought around a con-
viction and exposure of the whole transaction.
Now, what I would suggest in regard to this
matter is, that it is very recent; it happened in
1854—only two years ago. I do not know how
long since this report was made, but very possibly
justice may be on the track of the robbers.
Justice sometimes proceeds unseen by human
eyes, and may yet overtake the guilty parties.
Inasmuch as this is a doubtful claim, and if it be
paid now, it will be paid about twenty-five years
sooner than most just, and fairly and fully.estab-
lished claims are paid, I would suggest, whether
it would not be better to refer it to the Court of
Claims; or, if that will not do, let it rest for
another year, with the hope that we may arrive
at some g.eater certainty about it, on one side or
the other. It is a very hard thing to pay out of
the Treasury of the United States money which
is not justly due. In such a case as this, a claim
can never be less just, and never be brought
forward under less imposing circumstances, even
if another year shall add nothing of confirmation
to it. Under the circumstances, 1 prefer the course
which I suggest should be taken.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The court would have
no jurisdiction of this case.
Mr. PRATT. I have never read or heard of
a case, the facts of which gave me greater difficulty
in making up a decision satisfactory to myself.
We have on one side the testimony of the honor-
able Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Rigler,]
who speaks of the high character of this gentle-
man, Mr. Hastings: we have, on the other, facts
in reference, to this robbery which are mysterious,
and which nobody on earth can explain satisfac-
torily.
I wish to call attention to -one fact, not adverted
to by any Senator. Mr. Hastings v.-as robbed
of the keys of the vault. I take it for granted
that the door of the vault was not the exterior
door of the building. How, then, did the robbers
get to the vault? The keys of the doors of the
building are not proven to have been in the pocket
of Mr. Hastings at the time of the violence. There
is no part of the testimony which explains how
these robbers, having obtained only the keys of
the vault which was inside of the building itself
—watchmen being inside, and the outside door
locked—could get by those two watchmen, un-
lock the vault, and take the gold out of it, without
its being known. Again, within one hour after
Mr. Hastings was injured by these persons, the
watchmen were notified of the robbery, and put
upon their guard that they should protect the
building. How, then, could the robbers get to
the vault if the watchmen exercised proper dili-
gence ?
I have the high character of this gentleman,
and only that, upon the one side. But for that 1
should have no hesitancy in forming an opinion
that there was no pretense for his payment. It
is difficult for us to make up our minds upon such
testimony as is here presented. One side rests
: exclusively upon the character which is given of
| the gentleman who was robbed and injured. Is
: that sufficient to induce us to put our hands into
1 the public Treasury and take out this amount of
money? I should prefer the course indicated by
the honorable Senator from New York; let the
matter be referred to the Court of Claims, giving
them jurisdiction over the case, so that they may
make a legal investigation in reference to the
propriety of the payment. Although they may
not now hnve jurisdiction, the reference of the
case of course gives jurisdiction. I would prefer
to have an investigation there. I submit to the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania that that
would be better, perhaps, for the character of
Mr. Hastings, as well as for the Treasury.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have a word to say, and
then I hope the vote will be taken one way or
the other. It is clear that the court has no juris-
diction.
Mr. PRATT. We can give it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If we begin to give the
court jurisdiction in special cases, there will be
no end to it. They have a large jurisdiction now
and work enough to do. Sir, it is very easy to
start suspicions against a case of this kind. It is
very easy to damage the reputation of an honest
man when guch.aji occurrence as thjs .takes place.
It is very difficult to make out the proof compjetS.
Somothing must be left to inference, and I'infer
much in his favor from the persona! violence.
We here cannot investigate this case with
same satisfaction thata man on the ground could
do. Mr. Gouge was sent by the Treasury'De-
partment to examine into the matter, and I will
read the conclusion at which he arrived. He
reports:
;1 There will be no loss to the Government, as the bonds
given by the depositary will cover the amount abstracted;
but the'loss will fall heavy on a worthy man."
That is the opinion of Mr. Gouge who inves-
tigated the facts on the ground, and heard the
verbal statements of all tho parties. " It seems ,to
me that this would be sufficient, independent of
the other examination which took place, and I
hope the Senate will agree to pass the bill at once.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will ask the gentle-
man if the Secretary of tho Treasury has recom-
mended this bill ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. No, sir; but his officers
have reported that there was no blame to be at-
tached to the collector, and he has been contin-
ued in office to this time. I take it for granted
that if he was not in favor of the passage of this
bill, he would have removed him at once. For
that reason we did not send it to him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It seems to me to be a
very dangerous example to release collecting offi-
cers of tho Government on the ground of robbery
or loss, of money, except on the clearest evidence.
The testimony ought to be very clear to warrant
us in such a proceeding. We collect now fifty
or sixty millions of dollars a year, and this money
all goes through the hands of collectors. If we
set one loose example to them, as has been well
said, we shall know no end to these claims.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make an inquiry of
the Senator from Pennsylvania, which will influ-
ence my vote. Have any proceedings been insti-
tuted against this officer or Ins sureties for the
recovery of tho money?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I presume not.
Mr. STUART. If not, it seems to me that wa
might safely follow the suggestion of the Senator
from New York, and postpone action on this bill.
I should not like to vote to reject tho claim ab-
solutely, because the testimony in the case is not
satisfactory or clear. I should prefer to relieve
this man or his sureties: but if no proceedings
have been instituted against him, we may safely
defer action until some more satisfactory evidence
is obtained. There is something in the case, it
,, must be admitted, that is unsatisfactory. I do
j not wish to consume the time of the Senate; but
I I would be glad if tho friends of the bill would
! take the course which I have suggested.
I Mr. BRODHEAD. No legal proceedings have
j been instituted, because the Treasury Department
: believe that there was no complicity on the part
j of this gentleman, and they delayed it for the
I purpose of giving him an opportunity to be heard
' before Congress.
; Mr. SEWARD. I will suggest, then,that the
! Senate is competent to cause this matter to go
! properly before the Court of Claims to be decided
j upon sufficient evidence, by simply directing that
! a suit shall be there instituted. 1 submit to the
i honorable Senators from Pennsylvania, who are
' quite satisfied that we ought to pass tliis bill now,
that they had better accept one proposition or the
other: let this bill lie over until the next session,
in the li ope that new light may be brought to bear
on it; or else Ictys pass a resolution directing a
suit to be instituted, so that it may go before the
Court of Claims.
■*Mr. TOUCEY. I neither know the parties nor
any persons connected with them, except the hon-
orable Senators trom Pennsylvania, and I know
nothing of the case except what has been dis-
closed here in the Senate; and I confess that the
disclosures here have made a different impression
on my mind from that which has been made on
The minds of some others.
Two or three years have elapsed since this
took place. If the party who lost the money—
the collector, who, it appears, is now brought to
bankruptcy; who has made every effort to detect
! the offender, but in vain; who hasispent'Jus! little
j estate in endeavoring to accomplish that object,
I and now finds himself destitute—h&d any way
1 been involved in any impropriety, or itt any con-
