1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
open, not only for debate, but for amendments;
nnd I respectfully raise the point of order for the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state,
for the information of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, who > perhaps, was not in the committee
at the time when the question to which he refers
was disposed of, that the suggestion was dis-
tinctly made in the committee, though the motion
was not put, that the reading of the bill for in-
formation, such as is called for by the rules of
the House, be dispensed with by unanimous con-
sent of the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then the Chair rules
that the hill cannot be read through again ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so rules.
Mr. WASHBURNE. And that discussion is
closed ?
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is closed.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I give notice that
I will submit a motion, that when the committee
rise to report the bill, it report it with a recom-
mendation that it be re-referrcd to the Committee
of "Ways and Means, that we may again have
the whole subject before us in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, addressed the com-
mittee. His remarks withheld for revision, will
be published in the Appendix.
Mr. PHELPS. I am astonished to see the
opposition manifested by gentlemen who have
marine hospitals located within their districts, to
the provision contained in this bill; evidently, they
have notexamined the question. What is the first
proviso ?—
"Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury i3 hereby
authorized to change the present system of pioviding relief
tor sick and disabled seamen by dismissing from service the
employes of the Government, leasing the marine hospitals
at such points asm bi< judgment the public mteiest requite*
a change, to private individuals, city 01 town authonties, or
private associations, on terras pioviding for the neeessaiy
attention to seamen entitled to relief."
I state now as a fact, that three fourths of your
sick and disabled seamen m this country are not
provided for at the hospitals maintained by the
Government of the United States, and built bv
our own money. They are maintained by sucfi
arrangements as are made under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, by the proper cus-
tom-house officers at the various ports, and they
are taken care of in the city hospitals, or in the
hospitals established by individuals within that lo-
cality ; and are better cared for and better provided
for than they would be in a Government hospital,
and at much less expense to the Government.
The Committee of Ways and Means, far from
depriving a meritorious class of their fellow-citi-
zens of the relief to which I think they are justly
entitled, proposes to make that relief more ample
and more secure to them, at the same time that
it shall not cost any more to the Government
of the United States. There has been for many
years an hospital erected by the Government of the
united States at Charleston,-and how is that hos-
pital managed ? It is under the control of the
city authority; and at that point, and at other
points where the seamen arc provided for at the
hospitals owned by cities, or by private associa-
tions, they are better provided for than they arc
at public hospitals.
I desire to call the attention of the committee
to a report made by Mr. Gouge to the Secretary
of the Treasury, and incorporated into the report
of the Secretary made at this session of Con-
gress, with reference to this system of marine
hospitals. In speaking of Charleston, South
Carolina, he says:
44 At Charleston, South Carolina, the United States have
n maiine hospital which has been placed under the control
of the city authorities. They arc allowed the building nee
of rent, and sixty cents a day for each Pick sailor leceived
therein. The sick sailors there arc well attended to, and
at a expense than would probably be incuired if the
Government should take immediate control of the estab-
lishment."
I merely mention this as one of a class of cases
where the marine hospital belonging to the Gov-
ernment has been placed in charge of the city
authorities for the accommodation of such other
persons as those authorities thought fit to place
there, with the understanding that sick sailors
and seamen were always to have preference over
others. At other points, where there are no hos-
pitals, the surveyors and collectors of the respect-
ive ports make contracts by which the sick sea-
men are boarded out in private families, and taken
care of. v
Now let me call the attention of gentlemen who
cry out against this placing so much executive
patronage in the hands of officers, to the manner
in which not only the $140,000 collected from the
seamen, by deducting from their wages twenty
cents a month, but the §150,000 which was ap-
propriated from the Treasury in addition, and the
$150,000 more which is now reported as a defici-
ency, is disbursed to the employes at the various
marine hospitals that have been erected by the
Government of the United States.
I merely refer to one or two cases as instances
of the class. Take, for instance, Pittsburg;, Penn-
sylvania: in 1853 there is reported as having been
spent there, for the benefit of sick and disabled
seamen, $4,922. But $2,600 of that amount went
for the salaries of the steward, matron, and other
persons employed there at a salary—some nine
in all.
Now, lot me invite the attention of the com-
mittee to some facts in this connection in respect
to Padurah, Kentucky. The Government of the
United States has erected a marine hospital there,
at which, for the same year, seventy-eight pa-
tients are reported. The number of persons em-
ployed by the Government to take care of these
seventy-eight persons is ten. The amount paid
them as salary is ^3,012 ; the total amount ex-
pended at the hospital is $5,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. From what
report is the gentleman reading?
Mr. PHELPS. From that for the year ending
December, 1853.
Mr. WASHBURNE. There is another later
than that.
Mr. PHELPS. This is the latest containing
the salaries of the officers employed at the marine
hospitals. If the gentleman can refer me to any
later report containing these salaries, I will refer
to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire to call the
attention of the gentleman to the number of per-
sons taken care of in that hospital during the last
year, and then to refer him to the amount ex-
pended there for attendance on them.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman's statement
will not militate at all against the position I am
taking. There may have been a greater number
of patients at this hospital duringthc last year, but
my object is to show the expense of keeping up i
these hospitals in comparison with the number j
of sick and disabled seamen who are relieved. J
I was speaking of the number of persons employed j
by the Government at these hospitals. Now the j
Committee of Ways and Means endeavored to j
embrace in this bill such provisions as would ■
insure ample relief to the sick and disabled sea- I
men at ports where marine hospitals have been j
erected by the Government, and at other points I
where no such hospitals have been erected; and |
if provisions are made by which the proper officers j
will be required to contract with city authorities, j
or with private parties, to take care of the sick
and disabled seamen, it seems to me there can be j
no objection to that course being pursued. j
Mr. BENSON. I ask the gentleman whether, j
in cases of infectious or contagious diseases,
where there are no marine hospitals, there would
not be difficulty in getting them provided for in
private families; and whether there would not be
danger of suffering on their part that would not
exist if there was an institution where they had
the right to go ?
Mr. PHELPS. The inquiry of the gentleman
would seem toindicato that he entertains the opin-
ion that the Government of the United States
should erect a marine hospital at every point
where a ship touches in the United States. How
i are sick and disabled seamen taken care of now
where there are no marine hospitals? Is there
any complaint in the gentleman's own State?
Are not the sick and disabled seamen well taken
care of there; and are not they taken care of
under private contract?—the greater part of them
! boarded out in private families? Why, sir, there
is not a marine hospital in operation established
by the Government in that State.
Mr. BENSON. There is one being erected
there by the Government; but I alluded more
particularly to the southern ports where conta-
gious diseases prevail to a greater extent than in
the State in which I live.
Mr. EUSTIS. I wish to ask one question in
reference to the operation of the last proviso re-
ported in this bill, which provides, in point of
fact, that the appropriation made at the last Con-
gress of ^248,000, for the erection of a marine
hospital at the city of New Orleans, is now, to be
discontinued and annulled? That is as I under-
stood the last proviso.
Mr. PHELrS. If the gentleman will wait a
minute I will come to that branch of the proviso.
Mr. EUSTIS. If the gentleman will allow
me, one word more in reference to what seem to
me to be the objectionable points in this provision.
Here is a large port, at the city of New Orleans,
in which a most dangerous and insidious disease
rages for six or seven months in the year. We
are upon the point of passing a bill which de-
prives the seamen there of the only place where
they can go; for I toll the gentleman, for his
information, that, if you send the sailor in New
Orleans during the summer months to the city
hospitals, you might as well provide him with a
coffin at once. The only security they can have
there during the prevalence of the epidemic is to
provide them a hospital where they can bo prop-
erly attended to.
Mr. PHELPS. I yielded the floor to the gen-
tleman only to enable him to ask a question. I
intended referring, before I took my seat, to the
second proviso; but, before leaving the first, I
desire to call the attention of the committee to a
report of Mr. Gouge, who was sent out by the
Secretary of the Treasury last summer to visit
the various points at which marine hospitals were
located, and to report on the manner in which
the patients were taken care of; and, also, to
visit other points where sick and disabled seamen
were taken care of at the expense of the Govern-
ment, otherwise than in hospitals erected at its
expense; and the suggestions contained in that
report [ will lead.
Aftei speaking of the marine hospitals which
he visitea at various points, and the manner in
which seamen were provided for, Mr. Gouge re-
marks:
kk From what I have seen I have come to the following
conclusions:
u 1. That wheie private enterprise, private benevolence,
or the local authorities, have erected suitable hospitals, it
if- better for the United States Government to send its sick
sailors to them, rather than to erect hospitals of its own.
Nowhere arc the sick naiiorj better attended to than in the
ho.pitaU of New York, Brooklyn, and Philadelphia, though
the cost per man is les* than half as much as it amounts to
m some of our manne hospitals.
k'2. That in those towns in which there are as yet no
hospitals erected by private benevolence, or by the local
authorities, it will be well for the United States to hold out
encouragement for the election of sueh hospitals, by engag-
ing to pay a fan* piice for su<*h s.iek sailors and boatmen as
may be received into them It costs less to support one
hospital having such accommodations for fifty persons, than
two hospital; having each accommodations for twenty-five.
With the board received for United States patients many
hospital* might be sustained, which could not otherwise he
supported ; and, at the same time, the Government will
have to piy le ;s than would be required to defray the ex-
penses of hospitals of its own. By Government's cooper-
ating in this way with the local authorities, and with benev-
olent individuals in the private walks of life, the sum total
of the cost of the hospital seivicc of the countiy will be
diminished, while the Government will, at the eamc time,
avoid any itnpioper entanglement with the affans of tho
local authorities, or of private parties Tt will simply en-
gage to give them a specific sum for a specific service; and
if they do notpcilorm that service properly it will make
other provisions lor Us sick sailois and boatmen."
Thus much now for the first proviso, which
has met with so much opposition.
The gentleman from Louisiana calls my atten-
tion to the second proviso. It is in these words:
" jSnd provided further, That the said Secretary shall
suspend all further expenditures of money heretofore appro-
priated for the purchase ot sites and the construction of
niciriue ho -pitals at t,ho.-o point- where the construction of
buildings has not been commenced : and that the said Sec-
retary leport to Coinre^ annually the anangements which
I he may have made under this proviso.''
The object of this proviso is to enlarge the dis-
cretion granted by the first proviso. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury is to sec whether arrange-
ments cannot be made where Government hos-
pitals are erected, and where there are none, by
which sick and disabled seamen will be taken
care of by private associations, the Government
contributing to pay a share of the expenses.
!: Suppose the authorities of New Orleans, or any
l| association of medical gentlemen there, would,
H after consultation with the Secretary of the Treas-
]j ury, be willing to erect a now hospital in which
l! sick and disabled seamen are to be taken care of,
