1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for the purpose of carrying out the contract of
the President.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall have the
question; it is half-past ten o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am for the
question, but not for fear of the gentleman. I
appreciate the feelings of the Senator from Vir-
ginia. I say these cases are precisely the same.
You have started a little earlier than we have,
and we want to be even with you. You com-
menced at the last session of Congress; we are
commencing now. The Senator from Maryland
will pardon me for saying that here is an appro-
priation for the further sum of $267,000, to ena-
ble the President to purchase a lot and ground for
a post-office in Baltimore. That is a new thing
entirely. The point of the Senator from Mary-
land makes no difference at all; for if it is a prin-
ciple, it is <Jne that is as applicable to Tennessee
as to Maryland, whether you commenced last
year or this.
Mr. PRATT. • It is not a new thing; it is only
an appropriation to carry out an old thing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the Senator
from "Virginia will not be m a hurry. I shall not
detain the Senate, but I mean that my constitu-
ents shall know how their rights are respected,
and see that the legislation of this Senate is to
give to one State a privilege, and deny to another
State the same privilege. Whether you com-
mence at the last session of Congress, or at this,
if there is any principle in it, it is as applicable
to the one as to the other. Here is a sum of
over $200,000 in addition to that appropiiated at
the last session of Congress conditional on a
contract being made by the President of the
United States. I have voted for these proposi-
tions, believing them to be right. Senators can
vote as they please, but I intend that my constit-
uents shall know how the vote stands.
Mr. TOOMBS. I take it the argument of the
Senator from Tennessee does not need one word
of reply. He says there are custom-houses and
post offices in Philadelphia; therefore there ought
to be m Knoxville. If that is his argument, let
it stand. I vote for them where they are wanted,
and do not vote for them where they are not
wanted. That is my argument.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not stand on
the point made by the Senator from Georgia.
That is immaterial. I say that, if you may ap-
propriate money for a post office and court-house
m Baltimore, you may make a similar appropri-
ation for Ivnoxville. Though the appropriations
arc not so large as in Baltimore, they are no more
dissimilar than are the places.
Mr. BIGLER. I voted against the proposition
for a number of points in the United States—
amongst the rest in the State of Tennessee. I
was not prepared to decide as to all those points,
whether it was necessary or right. I understood
in addition that, as to some of the points, there
had been no recommendation from the Depart-
ment and no estimates. Now, I will say to the
Senator from Tennessee, that I am perfectly pre-
pared to vote for a bill preparatory to the pur-
chase of property and the erection of the build-
ings, as was adopted in regard to Philadelphia
and Baltimore—a law authorizing the Secretary
of the Interior to make the necessary examina-
tion, and, if found advisable and necessary, to
make contracts. I should feel it right to vote for
an appropriation in that case, but at present I
do not feel willing to vote for the amendment as
proposed.
Mr. SEWARD. I will inform the honorable
Senator, that the provisions in this respcct arc
the same as those of the acts of last year, and no
money can be expended until the title is made
good and a site obtained.
Mr. BIGLER. Then 1 shall vote for them.
I understood otherwise.
Mr. SEWARD. There is nothing speculative.
It is precisely the same.
Mr. BIGLER. I understood that it was to
appropriate money directly, without further ex-
amination.
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. CLAY, is it the same amendment that
we voted down before? *
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. I move to amend the amendment
by adding 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can he do it
without the approbation of a committee ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
That the President of the United States cause to be con-
structed at Key West, Florida, a suitable building for the
accommodation of the distiiet court of the United States
for the southern district of Florida, and that the sum of
$8,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for this pur-
pose out of any money in the Treasuiy not otherwise ap-
propriated.
Mr. PUGH. It was recommended by the Judi-
ciary Committee of the last Congress, and was
passed by the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is it recom-
mended by a standing committee ?
Mr. PUGH. It was recommended at the last
session by the Judiciary Committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order.
Mr. PUGH. I offer it as an amendment to this
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not in
order unless it is recommended by a committee.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BIGLER. I should like to have the amend-
ment read.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not in order now.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. My friend from Florida
[Mr. Yulee] has forgotten that he made an ar-
rangement to pair off with Governor Dodge, of
Wisconsin. He informed me that he agreed to
pair off.
Mr. YULEE. That was only on the Presi-
dent's veto, not on the custom-houses.
Mr. SEWARD. But Governor Dodgb is
chairman of the Committee on Commerce, and
has at heart very much this proposition.
Mr. BIGLER. I find no such restriction as T
had reference to in this amendment, and I shall
vote m the negative.
The result was announced—yea? 21, nays 18;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Roll of Tennessee, Collamer, Douglas,
Durkee, Toot, Fo^tei, (Joyr, Hale, Harlan, Houston,
James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tenm's^ee, Pmrli, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade,
Wellei. and WiL-on—21.
NAYS—]\Iov*is. Adams,Bavaul, Beniamm,Bieg'3, Biglfr,
Bright, Brodhead, Cass ('lay. Hunter, Malloiy, Piatt, Reid,
Shdell, Stuart, Toombs, Wright, and Yulee—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I wish to renew an amend-
ment, which was offered this morning, to insert,
after the appropriation for lighting Pennsylvania
avenue:
For erecting fifty lamp-posts and burners, and supplying
the same with gas for one year, in High and Bridge streets,
in Georgetown, Uistnet of Goiumbia, the same to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Mayor of said city,
$2,500.
Mr. HUNTER. We voted that down.
Mr. BRIGHT. It came from the Committee
on the District of Columbia at the last session
and the sum of $3,000 was agreed to be appro-
priated without opposition by the Senate, but it
was lost in the House. These streets are merely
an extension of the avenue—a creek dividing the
two cities—an ideal boundary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I rise to a privileged
question. On the last vote taken by yeas and
nays, I voted undera misapprehension, i thought
it was a solitary question of a court-house for
Nashville. I learn that it is an amendment ap-
propriating over $600,000 for custom-houses and
court-houses generally. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was agreed to.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. 1 am very glad to see, by the
vote just taken on this custom-house and postoffice
amendment, that the Senate is disposed to treat
the States alike; for I judge from the argument
of my friend from Tennessee that that is the idea
on which we are progressing. Now, sir, in carry-
ing out that idea, I hope that my State will be
treated precisely as Alabama has been. Under
the same treaty under which you paid Alabama
Mississippi claims, and inasmuch as you have
paid Alabama, I hope you will pay my State, the
cases being precisely alike in all respects, and
arising precisely under the same treaty. I there-
fore renew the amendment which was rejected in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. HUNTER. We can vote it down without
them.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and .nays were ordered;.and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bright, Brown, Clay, Douglas,
Purkee, Harlan, Jones of Iowa,-Jones of Tennessee, Mal-
lory, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Stuart, Trumbuft, WeJier,
Wright, and Yulee—18.
NAYS—Messis. Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Biggs, Bigler, Brodhead, Cass, Collamer, Fish, Foot, Fos-
ter, Hale, Houston, Hunter, Pratt, lteid, Shdell, Thomsoa
of New Jersey, Toombs, Wade, and Wilson—21.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. Strfce offering my amendment
it has been submitted to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and I now report it from that committee:
That the President of the United States cause to be con-
structed at Key Wes-t, Florida, a suitable building for the
accommodation of the district court of the United States
for the southern district of Florida; and that the sum of
$8,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated for this
purpose out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
know how the Senators from Florida voted on the
custom-house amendment?
Mr. PUGII. This is for a small court-house.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But I want to
know whether the Senators from Florida recog-
nize the principle or not, and whether they would
vote for it?
Mr. MALLORY. What is the object of the
question ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. To know how I
am going to vote in the first place; and in the next
place, to learn whether you recognize the princi-
ple, that Congress may appropriate money in that
way.
Mr. MALLORY. I am free to confess that
the United States must furnish buildings for their
courts. I will vote for this, because the United
States are now paying rentfor a building for this
court-house.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I shall vote against
this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish now to move to take
up the post office appropriation bill, and adjourn
on it, so that it will be the special order tor to-
morrow.
Mr. WELLER. I object to that. I desire to
move, in the morning, to take up the supplement-
ary Army bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I move an adjournment.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that we shall escape
a great deal of difficulty to-morrow about the
order of business, by taking up the post office
bill now.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to take up the
Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. SEIDELL. I hope the chairman of the
Committee on Finance will carry out his under-
standing in relation to piivate bills.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say half past one
o'clock for the appropriation bill to-morrow.
Mr. WELLER. We lAust have an. executive
session to-morrow.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to take up the Post
Office bill, and make it the special order for one
o'clock to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 315) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1857.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed to, and made
the special order for to-morrow, at half past one
o'clock.
Mr. WELLER. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jlugust 15, 1856.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the business firet
