548
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 8,
34th Cong....1st Sess. Supremacy of the Constitution and Laws—Mr. Campbell, of Ohio.
Ho. op Reps.
jnittee—never upon any other committee haying
charge of any interests of great magnitude, I claim
also to bcajKHWffnuin; there is, therefore, nodim-
culty between us on these points. I admit, too,
that he is a man of age and experience, both in
the House and out of it.
True, Mr. Speaker, the Committee of Ways
 nd Means bear an important relation to the great
interests of our country. Their position is one of
high responsibility, and no one knows better
than the Speaker that I did not desire to occupy a
place upon it. It is at all times surrounded by
embarrassments; and these are now greatly en-
hanced by the threatening aspect of our affairs at
home ana abroad, as well as by the peculiar com-
plexion of parties upon this floor, and their rela-
tion to the executive branch of the Government.
Having, however, accepted it, and assumed these
responsibilities, I have felt constrained by a sense
of publicduty to discard, as far as possible, mere
partisan feeling, and to make an effort to discharge
its functions with fidelity to every portion of the
country, north and south, east and west; and to
every branch of the national service, without
reference to differences of opinion upon the sec-
tional issues which unfortunately destroy that
fraternal feeling which ought to prevail. .
Sir, my colleague, in the debate of yesterday,
propounded to me, as chairman of the committee,
a question of much significance. Considering his
excited manner at the time, and the tone in which
it was uttered, the inference seems plain that he
intended to create the impression that I had rec-
ommended to this House an appropriation of
$27,000, to defray what he alleged were the cor-
rupt expenditures of the marshal of the southern
district of Ohio, in the reclamation of certain
fugitives from slavery. I have a few words to
say en this particular point, because the question
of my colleague may carry with it an influence
prejudicial to the committee, and because his
position involves a principle of the utmost im-
portance to the public.
One amendment of the Senate appropriates
$200,000 for the expenses of the Judiciary. The
sum is necessary to pay the services rendered in
your Federal courts byjudges, jurors, marshals,^*
witnesses, &c. The Committee of Ways and
Means, composed as it is of six members opposed
to the Administration to three in favor of it,
without a dissenting vote, recommended the
appropriation. I can inform my colleague now,
that the estimate from the Department of the
Interibr, upon which our action was predicated,
did not embrace the costs, to which he alludes,
of the marshal in arresting and returning the
slaves in the late exciting case at Cincinnati.
Those accounts are not yet audited. Nor does it
embrace a single dollar for the payment of those
other items of costs, to which gentlemen have
referred, specified in the letter of Mr. Whittlesey,
the Comptroller, which, exposes abuses in the
courts. Those claims have all been suspended
by the Department, as gentlemen ought to know.
Sir, your Committeeof Ways and Means are
entitled to common justice—if not fair treatment—
by this side of the House. The system upon
"which appropriations are always made ought to
be understood. A brief explanation will show
how grossly unfair it is to hold the Committee
of Ways and Means of this House accountable
for the disbursement of the public funds by the i
Executive Departments. I
This House has before it the various appropri-
ation bills. One is for the support of the Army; I
another for the Navy and others for the civil and j
diplomatic service, including the salaries to judges, !
marshals, &c. These bills, if passed, furnish the
money in advance, to be disbursed between the 30th |
day of June, 1856, and the 1st day of July, 1857. [
Such has been the system always. Now, sir, !
suppose my colleague, during the discussion of i!
one of these bills, reported from our committee,
inquires of me whetherany of the money embraced
in its provisions will be used to execute the fugitive
slave law,and to return the fugitives to bondage:
if he does, I must answer that 1 do not know.
Would he thereupon seek to make the impression
that, being a young member of the committee, I
come before the House and the country, display-
ing disgraceful ignorance? Why must I answer,
" I do not know ?" Because the money is appro-
priated for the service of the/wtwre, and my vision
is not far-reaching enough to enable me to inform
the House that in that future any slave will run
away—that his master will follow him—that the
marshal will catch him—that the commissioner
will render a decree to return him—and that the
accounting officers will pass the accounts. Any
gentleman who propounds such a question to me,
either exhibits a disposition to place me in a false
position, or betrays a want of acquaintance with
the practical workings of our Government.
Again, sir, there are gentlemen on this floor
from another section of this Union, who are, upon
a principle, quite as much opposed to the laws
punishing those engaged in tne slave trade, as
my colleague is to the fugitive slave law. Sup-
pose one of these follows the precedent set by my
colleague with the inquiry: " Will any of the
appropriations you recommend be applied to the
enforcement of these laws punishing the slave
trade as piracy ?" I must answer himasldomy
colleague, " I do not know;'-' because I cannot tell
whether, between July 1,1856, and July 1, 1857,
any person will be guilty of a breach of those
laws, or there will occur any necessity for prose-
cutions. If my colleague, or any other member,
will give me proof that they could give correct
information in response to questions such as these,
which they may feel disposed to propound to me,
I shall take great pleasure in withdrawing from
the delicate post which I occupy, and in using
my feeble influence in having it assigned to him.
If the power to foretell the events of the future is
indispensable to the proper discharge of the dutties
of the Ways and Means Committee, I certainly
am misplaced. Gentlemen may find, in my
colleagues on the committee, and in me, defects
which might, perhaps, show that the Speaker
erred in the organization of the House in assign-
ing to us the positions we respectively occupy.
Certainly neither of us claim to be possessed of
those high attributes of Deity which can discern
the events of the future.
My colleague, I repeat, says truly that I am a
young member of the committee. We all know
that he is an old member of the House, and an
ever vigilant sentinel over the cause of human
freedom, and the rights of the down-trodden slave.
Feeling that, on account of my youth and inex-
perience, I might be embarrassed in the new po-
sition assigned me, I thought I might in some
respects be guided by his footsteps. In reference
to appropriation bills, I looked into his record as
well as that of others, for lights to direct me in
this new field of duty.
Sir, it was but two years ago that there was
much excitement in this city, and throughout the
whole country, on account of the arrest of a
colored man, who, being held in slavery within
view of the flag of freedom which floats over this
Hall, fled from his master. One Jinthony Burns,
leaving his chains and his master behind him in
Virginia, reached Massachusetts. The discovery
of this fact caused much commotion in this na-
tional metropolis! Senators and Representatives
were excited, and there was " running to and fro''
in the avenues leading from the halls of legisla-
tion to the Presidential mansion! Cabinet councils
were convened to consider measures to return
him! Dispatches were sent, from Executive
authority, upon the lightning's wing, that the law
should be executed! The Army, the Navy, the
Judiciary, were called onto execute the order!
The press informed us that the court-rooms of
Boston were guarded and surrounded by a host
of deputy marshals under arms—that the streets
of that great commercial emporium w#e blocked
up by armed troops of the Federal Government,
whereby merchants pursuing their lawful voca-
tions were prevented from getting to bank to meet
their engagements on the last day of grace! All
this occurred, sir, in your city of Boston. Con-
gress had made the law, and that Constitution
which we have all sworn to support had provided
a tribunal to expound it and a power to execute it!
Tk Burns case was adjudicated pursuant to the
provisions of that law, and he decreed a slave!
Then, sir, a national vessel, built by money ap-
propriated by Congress, with the stars and stripes
floating from its mast, and manned by officers
and crew paid from your national Treasury,
bore that slave from that scene of excitement.
Federal troops kept back the mighty masses, as
he was removed from the court through Boston
Common, under the branches of those wide-
spreading, iron-bound elms, in whose shades
tne Adamses counseled with their compatriots,
in the stirring times of 1776! The vessel detailed
for this peculiar service by our President received
her interesting cargo, in the person of Burns!
Her sails were filled with the free breezes of
heaven, and she sped her way from that harbor,
into which the tea had been thrown by those strong
arms which first struck for American independ-
ence. What may have been the reflections which
ran through the mind of that poor slave—if en-
lightened by historic knowledge of revolutionary
incidents—when his eye rested for the last time
upon Faneuil Hall, or the monument of Bunker
Hill, as he was borne away to slavery, God only
knows. The law—inexorable law—to which even
the " God-given rights " of individuals to " life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness," are made
to yield, for the purposes of "governments in-
stituted among men"—demanded that Burns
should be taken from Boston, and carried back to
the shores of Virginia. He was returned to
slavery, under the provisions of that law, the
passage of which no one—not even my colleague—
opposed with more determination, because of its
objectionable details, than I did in this House, in
1850. The law was executed, as all our laws are
required to be, until they are repealed by the law-
making power, or declared unconstitutional (and
therefore void) by the courts whose high prerog-
ative it is to expound them.
Mr. Speaker, through what instrumentalities
did the Government pay the expenses of return-
ing Burns to slavery? Not less than fifty thousand
dollars, I am informed, were taken from our
Treasury to foot the bills for the reclamation of
that one slave ! By what authority was the money
appropriated? In vindication of the committee,
at the head of which I have had the honor to be
placed, and by way of repelling any imputation
which my colleague may have, unintentionally or
otherwise, cast upon me, I assert the fact, that
he approved, by his vote, the appropriation bill
which provided the ways and means to take
Burns tack to slavery, and to execute the fugi-
tive slave law! That by his vote the money was
furnished which paid for the manacles—if any
were used—on that memorable occasion 
Mr. GIDDINGS. I think the gentleman is
quite mistaken. I wish to explain. My colleague
seems to insist 
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not wish to insist on
depriving my colleague of the right to explain..
If ho desires the floor, he knows I always yield
to him.
Mr. GIDDINGS. My colleague seems to in-
sist that I had some personal allusion to him.
Now I discard that idea. If the opposite party,
when they had the power to cheat the House,
drew an appropriation to cover that expense, I
knew they would do it; but I did not expect that
my colleague, when he was appointed the head
of the Committee of Ways and Means, would
follow their example. I expected he would look
out for himself.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will look out for myself;
but, if my colleague rises for the purpose of
charging me with an effort to cheat the House,
he is trespassing upon my courtesy, and 
Mr. GIDDJNGS. Oh, no; no 
Mr. PHELPS. I desire, Mr. Speaker, to say
merely this one word, that, when the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Giddings] charges that the ma-
jority of the last Congress had any disposition
to, or did, practice any fraud on this House, he
charges that which is untrue. The expenditures
arising from the execution of the fugitive slave
law are paid out of the judiciary appropriation,
which has always, up to this session, been made
in the civil and diplomatic bill—or has been for
several years past. I desire to repel the charge.
I was a member of the Committee of Winrs and
Means at that time, and a member of the House;
and I was far from practicing any fraud on the
House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I meant that their fraud
was political—nothing more.
Mr. CAMPBELL. My colleague has dis-
claimed any charge of a purpose on my part to
