1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
which occurred between Mr. Breckinridge, of
Kentucky, and my friend from Oregon, in which it
was made to appear that some of the other Gov-
ernors got $3,000, who did not discharge the
duties ofsuperintendentoflndian affairs,while the
Governor of New Mexico did discharge those
duties; and that fact was urged as a reason why
he should get a salary of $3,000. That is what I
understand to be the history of the case; and
that was the construction of the Treasury Depart-
ment at that session.
Again: in this opinion of the Comptroller,
there is no reference made whatever to the act of
1852, by which, in my judgment, the Gover-
nor of New Mexico was precluded from receiving
compensation for additional services. If any gen-
tlemen desire to read that conversational debate,
hero it is. My amendment is in good faith. I
propose, if the House should see fit to give him
anything, to give him what they say he is entitled
to up to this time; and certainly, they do not
want to go any further than that.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I propose to amend
the amendment by increasing tlie appropriation
from £1,500 to $1,900.
I offer this amendment, Mr. Chairman, for the
purpose of just submitting a remark'which I think
applicable. I think that the desire for economy
manifested in this matter by gentlemen of the
House is rather wonderful. You have here the
report of the accounting officer, stating that this
money is due to the Governor of New Mexico.
It is estimated for by the accounting officer of the
Treasury as a deficiency. But gentlemen are not
only ready to vote, that there is not a deficiency,
but they are anxious to interpose and state on
this deficiency bill that the law should not be so
construed hereafter as to give rise to such con-
struction as is placed on it by the accountir% of-
ficer in this instance.
The Governor of New Mexico might very
well, I suppose, serve the United States for the
salary which is attached to his office as Gover-
nor, but your law of 1850 is as plain as the nose
on a man's face, that he, the Governor of New
Mexico, should have $1,000 more for acting as
superintendent of Indian affairs, and the con-
struction at your Treasury Department is that
this makes his salary §4,000. You are asked to
supply the deficiency, and when the appropria-
tion comes ill here, you are asked to construe the
law so as to get $1,000 of this man's salary out
of his pocket. That is the upshot of it; that is
the whole of it. And I tell you, sir, that in the
American Congress it is an economy which is
very remarkable. I hope that the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Alabama will not
prevail, and that this House will not, upon sober
second thought, strike out the appropriation.
Mr. LANE. 1 find that in the statement that
has been made out, the Comptroller has commit-
ted what I am sure is an unintentional mistake.
I was asked, when this bill increasing the salary
of the Governor of New Mexico was under con-
sideration, what was the salary of the Governor
of Oregon, and whether he was superintendent
of Indian affairs. I stated then,as the Congres-
sional Globe shows, that his salary was $3,000,
and that independently of him we had a superin-
tendent of Indian dffairs, at a salary of #2,500 a
year. But I said nothing about Washington, for
the Governor of Washington Territory is super-
intendent of Indian affairs, and for his services as
Governor and superintendent of Indian affairs
receives a salary of $3,000 per annum.
I am inclined to think that, under the law as it
is, the Governor of New Mexico is justly entitled
to "$3,000 as Governor, and $1,000 for discharging
the duties of the office of superintendent of Indian
affairs. At that rate, it appears to me, he ought
to be paid, and if justice is done him, will be
paid.
But, sir, I am not an advocate for high salaries.
I believe a salary of $4,000 is too much to attach
to the office which the Governor of New Mcxico
holds, and I would like to see it stopped. I would
like to see an amendment prevail, fixing his salary
at $3,000 as Governor and superintendent of
Indian affairs; but you must pay at the rate of
$4,000 until you change the law.
One word more. I think this is a proper time—
for I may not be present when the matter comes
up—to speak of another matter which is now
before the House,upon the Speaker's table. The
Senate have passed a bill allowing back pay to
the late superintendent of Indian affairs in Oregon.
This officer went out there with a salary of $2,500
a year, and served until he was replaced, and his
accounts have been settled upon that basis, but
the Senate have passed a bill allowing $1,000 in
addition. The bill will come up in the House in
a few days, and I merely desire to say now that,
in my judgment, it ought not to pass.
Mr. WALKER. 1 merely rise to ask the
gentleman to give way to a motion that the com-
mittee rise. 1 suppose he will be entitled to the
floor to-morrow.
Mr. LANE. I do not want to make a speech.
I only wished to place myself right upon this
question. I have said all I designed to say. I
only called attention to the fact of the bill to which
I have alluded being now pending upon the Speak-
er's tabic in the House, for the purpose of saying
that I trust it will not pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the Chair whether debate has not been closed
upon this bill, and, if it has, whether more than
one speech can bo made in favor of an amendment
and one against it ?
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been closed.
The question is now upon the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Oh, 1 withdraw that.
The CHAIRMAN. The question then recurs
upon the amendment of the gentleman fiom Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston.]
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon striking out
the whole paragraph.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Paine and
Galloway were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
—ayes noes 5IJ.
So the paragraph was stricken out.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that the committee do
now rise and rejjort the bill and amendments to
the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
make a motion which will, I think, take prece-
dence of the motion submitted by the gentleman
from Missouri; I move that the committee do
now rise and report the bill to the House, with a
recommendation that it be recommitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Then I hope that, when
the bill and amendments are in the House, the
House will refuse to second the call for the pre-
vious question. I desire that the sense of the
body may be taken on the provisions m reference
to the marine hospitals of the country.
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the Chairman (Mr.
Pennington) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and particu-
larly " A bill to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1856," and had instructed him
to report the same back with two amendments.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If I move to re-
commit the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and on that motion call for the previous
question, I presume it will be the first business
in the morning—will it not?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gentle-
man from Ohio will permit an amendment to be
offered before he calls for the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I cannot. I move to re-
commit the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and on that motion call for the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
call for the previous question will not be sustained.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consent, in pursu-
ance of previous notice, introduced a bill to pro-
j vide for additional mail steam service from San
Francisco, California, to Oregon, and to extend [
! to Olympia, Washington Territory; which was
j read twice, and referred to the Committee on the
i Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, by unanimous con-
sent, in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
a bill to continue the land office at Virtcennes, In-
diana, and to ascertain and adjust titles to certain
lands in the States of Indiana and Illinois, for*
merly included within the Vincennealand district;
which was read twice, and referred foihe Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp-
bell's motion, and it was agreed to; and there-
upon (at twenty-five minutes to four o'clock) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 4, 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Henry C. Dean.
The Journal flf yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented additional papers in
relation to the petition of Enoch S. More, pray-
ing the passage of an act to correct an error by
which ho was deprived of his rights as a soldier;
which were referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Morris Powers, praying to
be allowed a pension for a wound received in the
late war with Mexico; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of citizens
in the District of Columbia, praying for the es-
tablishment of a house of refuge for juvenile
offenders in that District; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Also, additional papers in relation to the claim
of the heirs of Charles Lewis for commutation
pay, which, with their petition on the files of the
Senate, were referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Mr. PISH presented the memorial of shipmasters
and pilots of the port of New York, praying that
Commander Thomas R. Gcdney, of the Navy,
who has been placed on furlough, may be allowed
leave-of-absence pay; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Also, the memorial of William McKenney,
father of George L.McICenney, who was lost in
the United States schooner Grampus, praying
that the act of June 15,1844, may be so amended
as to embrace his case; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Joshua Webb, praying to be allowed a pension
for a disability incurred in the service of the
United States, in the war of 181S2; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WELLER. I am requested to present
the petition of John II. Scranton and James M.
Hunt, of Olympia, in the Territory of Washing-
ton. They set forth in their memorial that they
were the owners of the steamer called the Major
Tompkins, navigating the waters of Pugct's
Sound; that on the 4th of January, 1854, the
steamer Southerner, passing from San Francisco
to Oregon, was wrecked about forty miles below
Cape Flattery, having on board some fifty or
sixty passengers. Information was immediately
communicated to Captain William C. Pease, who
had in command the revenue cutter Jefferson
Davis. The steamer Major Tompkins was then
lying at anchor at Steilacoom, Washington Ter-
ritory. The captain of the revenue cutter Jeffer-
son Davis being satisfied that, unless assistance
was immediately given, those persons who were
wrecked on the coast must inevitably perish—
there being a strong head wind—entered into a
contract with the owners of the Major Tomp-
kins to tow tliem down to Port Townsend.
After being towed down to that point, it was
found impossible to proceed any further with the
revenue cutter Jefferson Davis. A contract was
then made by the owners of the Major Tomp-
kins that that vessel should proceed to their re-
lief. Immediately after this was done, there was
one of the most violent storms that prevail on
that coast, the vessel being outside of Puget's
Sound, and there was every probability that it
would be sunk and every life lost. This service
was performed, then, in consequence of the in-
ability of the revenue cutter of this Government
to get to their relief. It was one of the most
dangerous and perilous voyages that ever was
engaged in. They succeeded m taking from the
wreck these passengers, ladies and gentlemen.
