1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2159
comprehend my question. Two thousand copies
of said papers are ordered; and then the Clerk of
this House and the Secretary of the Senate are
directed to continue certain other publications,
I would like to know whether they are hundreds
or thousands, for I have no information on the
subject, if these other publications are to be
ordered ?
Mr. STEPHENS. It is only for a continua-
tion of the State Papers proper. The first series
was ordered to be printed in 1831,1 believe. Since
that time there has been no compilation or publi-
cation of these valuable documents. The object
of the resolution is to have a reprint of the first
series, and to continue the work.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. How many volumes?
Mr. STEPHENS. The first series was limited
to twenty.
Mr. KELSEY. I suppose this resolution,
under the rules, goes to the Joint Committee on
Printing?
The SPEAKER. There is amotion pending
to suspend the rules.
Mr. KELSEY. Then debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, but
suggestions are allowed.
Mr, McM ULLIN. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will, when the resolution is introduced,
accept an amendment that it be referred to the
Committee on Panting, to take into considera-
tion the expediency of publishing the work, and
to report at the next session of Congress.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate. I have
been trying for ten days past to get up a matter
of some importance, and without success.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order on a
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I presume no member
wants to vote otherwise than understanding^ on
this question. A friend of mine makes a compu-
tation that it will cost §400,000 to pay for the
number of copies stated.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate.
The question was taken on Mr. Stephens's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
70, nays 107; as follows:
YEArf — ^Icssrs. Aiken, Baibour, IJcmlle) S. Bennett,
nilhn«luu>t, .lollop. Bowie, Boyce, IJuthnton, James H.
Campbell, Joim P. Campbell. Fjcwi* I). Campbell, C.u others,
Chaffee, Bayard Claikc, dawson, Ooimus, Henry Winter
Davis, Timothy Davir.. Dick, Edmundson, Ethendge,
Evans, Faulkner, Ftoience, Fo>tei3 Ilemy M. Fullei,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gilbert, C-iroiv, Robert 11 Hall,
Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Valentine B. Horton, Flowaid.
J. Glaney Jones, Kelly, Kidwell. Knapp, Knight, Kunkel,
Lake, Samuel Manual', Matto->on, Millwaid, Mooie,
Mott, Peaiee, Pennington, I'eny, Toner, Pumance, <imt-
man, Kicaud, Rttcluc, Kobeit*, tfcott, Hewaid, Samuel A.
Smith, Stephens, Stewait,Swope,Tra(tnn,T\-on. Walker,
Warner, krai:] Wa-hbuni, Watson, WelK, Wondiulf, and
Dame! B. Wu^lit—7(1.
NAYS—Me^r<. Albright, Allison, Henry Bennett, Ben-
son, Bh«-, Uocock, lhad.-hd\v, Dianch, Brcnton, Brooks,
Broom. Burnett. Caihlc, Ezra Clark, Clmginan, Howell
Cobb, Williamson H. W. Cobb, Colfax, Cox, Ciaige, Cul-
ien, Cunibaek, Danirell, Dean, Denver, Dickson, Dodd,
Dovvdcll, Dnrfee, Edie, Edwards, Elliott, Krone, English, i
Flagler, (Jalloway,Giddimjs,Grander,Gjeenvvood, Jlarlnn, j
J. Monison Hani*, ilerbeit, Holloway, Thomas R. Hoi ton, j
Houston, Huston, Ueortre VV. Jones, Kolsey, lCmg, J
Knowiton, Knox, Loiter, Letcher, Lumpkm, Mace, Hum- j
phrey Marshall, McCartv, McMulItn, McUuecn, Smith ■
Miller, Mdlson. iMoig.in, Men ill, Munay, Norton, Moutecai
Oliver, Parker, PlIioii, liielp^ Pike, Prntgte, Purycai,
Ready, Buffin, Ru-t, Sage, Sandidgc., tfapp, Savage, Sher-
nian/tfhoitei. Simmon-., William It. Smith, Pneed, Spin-
ner. Stanton, Stianaiiun, Talbott, Tavlor, Tbormyton,
Thurston, Todd. Tuppe, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wal-
dron, Cad'.valader C. Washhiirne, EJiihu B. Wa-dibtirne,
Watkms, Welch, Wheeler, Whitney, Window, Wood,
Woodvvorth, John V Wngbt, and Zolhcoffer—108.
So the House refused to suspend the rules for
the purpose indicated.
A message in writing was received from the
President of tine United States, by his Private
Secretary, Sidvky Webster, Esq.
CAPITOL EXTENSION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting, with a communication of the Sec-
retary of war, a letter from Captain Meigs, J
superintendent* of the Capitol extension, Post j
Office extension, &c., concerning an error in his j
former letter on the plan of the Capitol exten- j
sion j which, with the accompanying papers, was |
referred to the select committee having charge of
the subject, and ordered to be printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. BENSON obtained the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. A speech has been published
as having been delivered on this floor, on the 6th
of August last. It purports to have been deliv-
ered by the Hon. Russell Sage?, of New York.
I will read an extract from that speech, propound
an interrogatory to the gentleman, and then put
myself right. The extract is as follows:
" Soon after the commencement of the present session
of Congies?>, and before the election of Speaker, a member
of this fjouse [Mr. Rust] assaulted and beat Hot ace Glee-
Icy with a eane. ,\ tew davs later, anolhei member of tins
Hout-e [ex-Governor Smith, ol YugimaJ had a street fight
with the editor of the Star, (Mr. W.diaoli.) Next m order
is the mauler of Keating: by a member of this House, [Mr.
Ileibert,] and the assault of Sumner, by Messis. Brooks
and Kent, of winch I have heietotoie spoken."
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the extract does not involve such a question
of privilege as will supersede the ordinary busi-
ness of the llousc.
Mr. SMITH. I ask the House to allow me to
put myself right.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
Mr. SMITH. Here is a publication which
purports to be a speech delivered on this floor.
Mr. MORGAN and others objected to debate.
Mr. SMITH. Here is what purports to be a
part of the proceedings of this House. Now I
wish to ask the gentleman from New York if he
delivered this speech ?
Mr. SAGE. I did.
The SPEAKER. The matter does not involve
a question of privilege.
Mr. SMITH. I understand the gentleman
from New York to say that lie delivered the
speech upon this floor. If that be so I have the
right 
The SPEAKER. That fact does not change
the nature of the question.
Mr. SMITH. 1 ask to be permitted to make
a personal explanation ?
Mr. FLAGLER and others objected.
Mr. SMITH. Then I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to do so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Bexson] has the floor.
Mr. BENSON. 1 decline to yield it for that
purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS. I trust the gentleman from
Virginia will allow us to pioceed with the regulai
order of business.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. Mr Speaker,
I rise to a privileged question. It is this: on the
2d of August, I85G, the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] was pleased to deliver himself of
a speech upon this floor upon the very exciting
subject of slavery. During the course of las
remarks, I had the honor to obtain the floor, and
propose certain interrogatories to him in connec-
tion with his remarks upon that subject. The re-
porter, as is usual for him to do, gave the honorable
gentleman from Ohio the notes for the purpose of
correction. This morning, to my great surprise,
in looking over the Globe that contains the gen-
tleman's speech, I find the interrogatories which
I had the honor to propound, and the remark's
thereon, as well as the remarks submitted by my
colleague, [Mr. Wiuoiit,] have all been excluded
in the publication of the gentk man's speech, in
their proper connection. Now, sir, 1 desire to
state that, if the gentleman shall have so far
omitted the duly he owes to others upon this floor
as to suppress any portion of the official debates
of this House, by causing his own remarks to
be published and suppressing what other members
had the honor of submitting in their proper con-
nection, I am compelled, in justice to myself, to
say, that I shall be constrained to disapprobrite
such a coiuse of procedure, and call for the pub-
lication of the dobnte as it actually took place.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion nf the Chair
the facts do not involve a question of privilege.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask what
is the regular order of business?
Mr. BENNETT. I ask the Chair whether it is
not my right to be reported upon this floor?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not enti-
tled to make a personal explanation upon the
facts which he has stated, except by general .
consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
I understand the reporting done in this House to
be a part of the official proceedings of the House;
and if it be true, as alleged by the gentleman from
Mississippi, that one member of this House has
so fur forgotten himself, and wh?«t is due to his
colleagues, as to suppress a part of the debates of.
this House, he is equally guilty as if he were to
assert what is false. lie suppresses a fiart of
the official proceedings of the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call the gentle-
man to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am now presenting a
question of oider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion,that
the matter cannot be entertained as a question of
privilege. Certainly no error in the Globe has
been entertained by the House, at any past ses-
sion, as a privileged question, to interrupt the
business of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. But the gentleman from
Mississippi states that a portion of the official
proceedings have been suppressed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I then appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, for the purpose of presenting
the point to the Speaker.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call the gentle-
man to order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
matter is not a question of privilege. From that
decision the gentleman from Alabama appeals.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to lay the appeal*
upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I simply desire to present
my point of order to the Speaker., I do it under
an appeal, and if the Speaker decides against me
I shall bo content. My point is, that the official
reports which are made by the gentlemen who
are employed foi that purpose, are a part of the
business of the House—made official byourown
legislation—and it is the duty of the reporters,
and the duly of the Hou-se, to see that that which
does occur here is reported properly, fairlv, und
fully. And if one member of this body shall rise
in his place, and stale that part of the official
proceedings of the House have been suppressed
by another member of the body, I ask the Chair
whether it is not a question of privilege1 We
should sei' that the official proceedings of this
House, as recorded by the leporters, have the
same accuracy, if not the same sanctity, as the
record of our proceedings which is entered upon
the Journal. The object of the publication of our
proceedings m the Globe is, that everything which
is said here may go to the country: and if one
member sees fit to inject, as it were, n few words
into the speech of another member, that becomes
part of the proceedings; ami if it be a part of the
proceedings, it must go upon the official reports;
and being a part of the official proceedings, it
cannot be suppressed.
1 do not pretend to say anything in reference to
the tacts of this case, but simply speak to the
question of order presented by the gentleman
from Mississippi. 1 now withdraw my appeal.
M 1!SSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asuitry Djckiks, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed resolutions of
the following titles: m which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House:
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 41} in relation to
Indian depredations in New Mexico; and
A resolution (S. R. No. 40) providing for ascer-
taining the relative value of the coinage of the
United States and Great Britain, and fixing the
relative value of the unitary coins of the two
countries.
EFFICIENCY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House 
Mr. WADE. I would ask the gentleman from
Maine to give me two minutes to reply to the
gentleman from Mississippi. I do not want more
than that.
Mr. BENSON. I cannot yield. I ask consent
to report fiom the Committee on Naval Affairs a
bill (S. No. 133) to amend an act entitled "An
act to promote the efficiency of the Navy."
Mr. PHELPS. 1 have no objection to report-
ing bills at the end of the session, and putting
them upon the Calendar; but I do object to their
being reported at this late day of the session, for
