560
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
March 4.
Ifi the prosecution of that voyage they injured
their vessel to such an extent that she was sub-
sequently lost—very soon after. For the ex-
penses which they incurred in the performance
of this duty of humanity, in rendering the ser-
vices" which it would have been the duty of the
revenue c.utter to render, if she had been able to
get to the parties needing relief, they present a
claim now to the consideration of Congress.
Tiere was on board the wrecked vessel the sura
gf $$,500 of the Government money, and one
item which they claim is salvage on that money,
which must inevitably have been lost if the
steamer had not gone to her aid.
It is not necessary that I should now detain
the Senate;, but I think this is one of the most
just claims that has ever been presented to the
consideration of Congress; and, 4serning it one
of the most meritorious which I have ever exam-
ined, I hope the Committee on Claims will give
it a favorable consideration.
The petition was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That George W. Torrence have leave to with-
draw bia petition from the files of the Senate.
* On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Thomas Cowaid, praying
for a pension, be withdiawn from the files of the Senate,
and refeued to the Committee on Pensious.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the executor of Carter
Page, praying for commutation pay,on the filet, of the Senate,
be refened to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. YULEE, it was
Ordered, That the documents on tiie files of the Senate,
in relation to tho claim of Captain Geoige E. McClelland^
company of Florida volunteers, praying for payment for
services, subsistence, and forage, he referred to the Com-
mittee oil Military Affairs.
&EPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom were referred the papers relating; to the
claim of John Metcalf for losses during the late
■war, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for the relief of John Mctcalf; which was read a
first time, and ordered to a second reading-. The
report was ordered to be printed.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the petitions of Isaac Cook, Pclatiah
Shepherd,and Benjamin A. Napier, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for the relief of
Isaac Cook and others; which was read a first
time and ordered to a second reading. The re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom were referred papers relating to
the claim of John Y. Laub, submitted a report,
accompanied by a joint resolution for the relief of
John Y. Laub, a clerk in the office of the First
Comptroller of the Treasuiy; which was read a
first time, and ordered to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GEYER, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Maria Price,
widow of John Price, praying to be allowed a
pension on account of his services during the war
of 1812, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. The Committee on Claims have
had under consideration the petition of James
Harrington, a laborer on the grounds of the
Smithsonian Institution, praying to be allowed
the same extra compensation as was allowed the
laborers on the other public grounds by a reso-
lution of the Senate of March 3, 1855. That
resolution provides for payments out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate. I move, now, under
instruction of that committee, that they be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
petition, and that it be referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to,
COLONEL WILLIAM LINN.
Mr. EVANS. The Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the memo-
rial of Elizabeth A. R. Linn, have directed me to
report a bill (S. Ko. 138) for the relief of the dis-
tributees of Colonel William Linn. This good
lady is very desirous that the bill should be passed
at once; and I ask the Senate, as a lavor to her,
to put it on its passage now.
By unanimous consent the bill was read the
first and second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Itproposesto direct the proper accounting officers
to allow the distributees of Uolonel William Linn,
an officer in the revolutionary army, five years'
full pay as colonel, which is the commutation of
half pay for life; the money to be paid to Mrs.
Elizabeth A. R. Linn, to be by her distributed
according to the law of Missouri.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate without amendment, or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. TRUMBULL gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill making provisions
to compensate agents for paying pensions, and
prescribing the time and manner of settling their
accounts.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER, by unanimous consent, pre-
vious notice not having been given, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
Amos B. Eaton, a commissary of subsistence in
the United States Army; which was read a first
time, and ordered to a second reading. He stated
that he did not ask for its reference, becausc the
Committee on Military Affairs had reported it at
the last session when it was passed by the Senate.
INSTRUCTIONS TO NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its consideration now:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be lequested
to communicate to the Senate copiey of all the instructions-
given by the Department to Commodore Charles S. Mc-
Caulcv, on the occasion of proceeding to the West Indies
and the Havana in the steamer San Jacinto, while recently
and tempoianly commanding the Home squadion; together
Willi the instructions issued to Commodore Thomas Crabbe,
commanding the United States naval forces on the coa&tof
Afuca, at the time the ship Jamestown was ordered to the
West Indies, about the penod leferred to.
Mr, HUNTER. This resolution ought to be
limited. We should leave the Secretary of the
Navy some discretion in this matter. I think the
resolution ought to be modified by inserting) " if
not, in his opinion, incompatible with the public
interest," after the words, u Secretary of the
Navy."
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to modify the
resolution, as suggested by the honorable Senator
from Virginia.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill, (S. No. 107,) reported
by Mr. Hamlin from the Committee on Com-
merce, to establish the collection districts of the
United States, and designating the ports of entry
and ports of delivery in the same.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be read if
desired.
Mr. HAMLIN. I apprehend there is no ne-
cessity for reading this bill in detail; and I hope
it will not be done unless some Senator shall de-
sire it. All its sections simply define the limits
of the collection districts of the United States,
except the last four sections, which confer on the
Secretary of the Treasury certain powers not now
granted !)y law.
The reading of the bill in detail was dispensed
with. The bill proposes to repeal all laws here-
tofore passed relating to the establishment of
collection districts, and divides the United States
into one hundred and six collection districts, de-
signating the exact boundaries of each, and fixing
the ports of entry and delivery. It provides that
the Secretary of the Treasury, with the approba-
tion of the President, shall have power to change
ports of entry to ports of delivery, whenever they
shall become unnecessary as ports of entry, and
to attach them as ports of delivery to other dis-
tricts; and also, to establish new ports of delivery
in any of the districts when it shall be for the
interest of the United States in protecting the
revenue to do so. It proposes to confer on the
Secretary of the Treasury, with the approbation
of the President, power to establish ports of entry
and delivery at such places as he may deem ex-
pedient within any territory acquired or in pos-
session of the United States; and it is declared
that all the revenue laws of the United States shall
extend over such districts. Whenever any dis-
pute shall arise as to the boundary line of any col-
lection district, the Secretary of the Treasury is
to settle it. This decision is to be final and con-
clusive.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have some formal amend-
ments to propose to this bill by the authority of
the Committee on. Commerce, which will not
disturb its principles. The first amendment is in
section four, after the word "islands," to insert
"except Martinicus Island;" so that it shall read:
District number four shall be called the district of Pe-
nobscot, in the State of Maine, and the territory within the
following boundaries shall constitute said district, andfoim
the limits thereof, viz: Commencing at Long Inland, on the
Atlantic ocean, and to include said island; thence to the
Penobscot bay, and to include the shore*, watei«s, harbors,
and inlets on the eastern side of said bay ; thence up the
Penobscot river to the town of Buoksport, inclusive; thence
by a line due east until it btrikes the line of the dutuct of
Frenchman's bay; and thence hy ^nid line to the Atlantic
ocean at Long Island and place of beginning, including all
the wateis, shores, bays, inlets, islands except Maituncus
Island, and harbors, within the said described boundaiies.
Castme shall bathe port of entry for ^aid distiict, and Deer
Island and Biicksport ports of delivery.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment is in the
seventh section, to insert, after the word "St.
George," the words "Martinicus Island;"-so that
it shall read:
Waldoboro' shall be the port of entry, and Damariscotta,
New Castle, Thomaston, Cushing, Friendship, Bristol, Bre-
men, St. George, Mauhucus Island, and Rockland, ports
of delivery for said district. (No. 7.)
The object is to detach that island from one
district and to add it to another.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. My next amendment is in
tho thirty-seventh section, to strike out the word
" St. Regis," which was by mistake inserted in
the section. As it now stands St. Regis is made
a port of delivery in the district of Oswegatchie.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment is in
section forty-three, to insert after the word
" same," the words " except the shores of Cat-
taraugus crock;" so that the section shall read:
District number forty-three shall be called the district of
Buffalo, in the State of New York, and shall embrace the
counties of Erie, Genesee, and Wyoming; including all
the islands, bays, harbors, inlets, lakes, shores, rivers, and
waters within the boundaries of the same, except the shores
of Cattaraugus creek. Buffalo shall be the port of entry,
and Black Rock and Tonawanda ports of delivery for said
district.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment is to
strike out the forty-fourth section of the bill as it
now stands, in the following words:
" Disnict number forty-four shall be called the district of
Dunkuk, in the State of New York, and shall embrace the
counties of Chautauquc and Cuttai augus, and the lake shoro
bounding tho same, together with all the'islands bays, har-
bors, mietc, shores, rivers, and waters within the same.
Dun lark shall be the port of entiy; and Barcelona, Portland,
Cattaraugus cicek, and Silver cieck, ports of delivety for
said district,"
; —and to insert in lieu of it:
See. 4 1. ~%iul be it further enacted, That district number
forty-four shall he callcd the district of Dunkiik, and shall
embrace the counties of Cattaraugus and Cliautauque, and
the haibors, uvei^, and waters on the south shoie ofLake
Ene, in the State of New York, west of and including
Cattaraugus cieek, and the shores on the east side of said
creek, and west along the shoiesand termors bordering on
Lake Jine aforesaid, to the Pennsylvania State line, and the
islands m the said lake contiguous thereto. Dunkirk shall
be tho poit of entry; and Barcelona, Silver creek, and Cat-
taiaugus creek shall be ports of dehveiy for said district.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. My next amendment is in
section fifty-one, to strike out the words, "and
all the shores of the Delaware bay and Delaware
rher bounding said counties." By the fifty-first
section, as it now stands, the jurisdiction of the
islands in Delaware bay is placed under the dis-
trict of Bridgeton, in the State of New Jersey.
| By some decisions of the Supreme Court of the
' United States, the jurisdiction over those islands
has been determined to be in the State of Dela-
ware; and the object of this amendment, therefore,
is to detach them from the New Jersey district
nnd add them to the district of Delaware.
• The amendment was agreed to.
