2160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15.
the purpose of getting them before the House,
and putting them upon their passage.
Mr. BENSON. I do not wish to report the
bill for the purpose of putting it upon its passage;
but to ask that the bill and the majority and mi-
nority reports may be printed, and that the bill
may be recommitted to the Committee on Naval
Affairs. I move a suspension of the rules.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WADE. I rise to explain the trouble
which the gentleman from Mississippi seems to
have encountered in relation to the publication of
my speech 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) It is not in
order*, and cannot be done without unanimous
consent.
Several Members objected.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to have the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union discharged
from the further consideration of House bill No.
540^ to enlarge and improve the Louisville and
Portland canal, and that it be put upon its pas-
sage.
Mr. WADE. I object,
Mr. MARSHALL. I move that the rules be
suspended for that purpose.
Mr. ENGLISH. I call for the reading of the
bill.
The bill was read. It appropriates $500,000
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the purpose of improving the
Louisville and Portland canal in the manner fol-
lowing, to wit; the canal as it now exists to lie
widened, so that it &hall be eighty feet wid<* in
the water-way, and its channel-depth increased to
the extent of two feet; the three locks at the foot
to be made into two, with a width of not less
than eighty feet; and two basins to be formed in
the canal, (An- the purpose of permitting boats to
pass,) not less than one hundred and seventy-five
feet wide, and four hundred feet long. There
shall also he made a branch to said canal of width
and depth ooriesponding with the residue when
improved as above provided, which shall leave
. the present canal at the dry-dock, and enter the
river below the Rocks, near the foot of Sandy
island; which branch canal shall be furnished
with two lift-locks at the foot eighty feet wide,
and four hundred feet long. There shall also be
placed at the head of the canal a proper gtiard-
lock and £ ates, and along its line three draw or
other bridges: provided, however, that the im-
provements proposed shall be made in sin h man-
ner as to cause tin' least postublu interruption to
the navigation of the canal whilst they are in
progress.
Mr. CUAK«E. I rise to a question of order.
I believe that we have a rule that no bill shall be
considered within the last three days of the ses-
sion, unless it shall have passed one branch of
Congress.
The SPKAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
tin; rule does not apply on this day.
Mr. CRAiGE. To-day is certainly within the
last three days of the session.
The SPEAKER. Congress is to adjourn on
Monday.
Mr. CRAIGE. There are only two working
days from to-day.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the rule does not apply on this day.
Mr. H. MARSHALL called for the yeas and
nays on his motion.
Mr. EDIE called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers weie ordered ; and Messrs. Bocock and
Simmons were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-five. So the yeas and nays were
ordered.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL 
COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Before proceeding to
call the yeas and nays, 1 ask that the appropria-
tion bill (No. 202) returned from the Senate with
the disagreeing votes between the two Houses, be
taken from the Speaker's table; and I move that
the House insist upon its former action, and that
it appoint a committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to; and Messrs. Cobb, of Georgia, Gid-
dings, and Kunkel, were appointed such com-
mittee of conference on the part of the House.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL—COMMITTEE
OF CONFERENCE.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I have
a similar motion to make in reference to the In-
dian appropriation bill. I move that the House
insist upon its action, and appoint a committee of
conference.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to; and Messrs. Campbell, of Ohio, Orr,
and Pringle, were appointed such committee of
confercnce on the part of the House.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL AGAIN.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules; and it was decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 69, nays 92; as follows:
YEAS — Mes&rs. Albnght, Allison, Kail, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Bishop, Bradshaw, Bioom, Butfinton, James II.
Campbell, John I'. Campbell, Bayard Clarke, Comins,
Covode, Cox, Cia^iit, Dannell, Henry Winter Davit-, Dick,
Dicksou, Rdie, Elliott, Etlieiidge, Eustis, Evans, Foster,
Henry M. Fuller, Calloway, Crangei, J Moirison Iluiris,
ileibert, llolhn.iu, Knight, Kunkel, Lake, Alexander K.
Mai shall, llumplney Marshall, Matie^on, Morgan, Mott,
Andtew Olivet. Moidefcai Olivei, Paiker, Peck, Porter,
Prinze, Pmvianee. Ileadv, Kicaud. Uitehiej Rivers, Roberts,
Sapp, Seward, Simmons, Snecd, Spinner, Stanton, Stran-
ahan, Swope,'Todd, Tyson, Undetwood, Cadwalader C.
W'a-hburne, Elhiiu J>. Washhmne, Wells, Whitney, Darnel
B. Wnght, and Zo'hcoflei—GU.
NAYS — Mc-wh Aiken, Baibour, Bilhnghur-st, Bliss,
Bocock. Bowie, Boyeo, Bianch, Brenton, Brook-, Burnett,
Lewis 1). Campbell,Caihle, E/iaCluik,Clingman, Howell
■ Cobb, Williamson R W Cobb, Colfa\, Craige, Cullen,
; Cumbaek, Dean, I>odd, Edmund-on, Kngh-h, Faulkner,
Fla'der, Flnienco, Thomas J. I). Fuller, CuUiings, Oonde,
Gicrnwood, C>ow, liailan, Hanson, Jliekman, ilolioway,
Tltouiu-. U I Jot ton, Valentine B Hoi ton, Houston, Howard,
Iluirhsion, Ceoige W. Join's, Kel-ey, Kutvveli, Knapp,
Knox, Jji'ttei, Letehet, Lumpkin, IVlaee, Samuel S. Mar-
shal I, Maxwell, Mi-Mulim, McUueen, Kilhmi MilU r, Smith
Miliei, Million, Moiuo, Alon ill. Mm tay, Oi i, Pel ion, Peny,
Powell, Puiye.n, Quinnan, Ricliaid-on, Ruffm, Sage, San-
didge, S.-on, Shei man, Shoitei, Samuel A. Smith, William
R Smith, Stephens, Sn-vvait, Talbott, Tappan, Trippe,
Vail, Valk. Wade, WaUlion, Warner, Walluns Wheeler,
Williams, Wood, Woodrulf, ami John V. Wnght—9:2.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
NAVY DEPOT ON BLYTHE ISLAND, GEORGIA.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of discharging the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of House bill No. 301,
aiulioii/.ing the establishing of aNavy depot on
Hlytiie I.sland, at Brunswick, on the coast of
Georgia, and for other purposes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
I and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. Sf'jVVARL) called for tellers.
Tellers were ordeied; and Messrs. Ball and
Richardson were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 106, noes 35,
So the ruies weie suspended, two thirds having
voted in favor thereof, and the bill was taken up
for consideration.
The bill was read. Itauthorizes the President
of the United States to purchase a site for a Navy
depot on Blythe island, on the coast of Georgia,
and to erect such buildings and make such im-
provements as may be necessary for the repair
of United States vessels of war, and afford refuge
therefor, and appropriates the sum of $200,000
for effecting that object.
Air. SEWAIID. As the previous question is
of more force than a speech, at this period of the
session, I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
i a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
| ingly read the third time.
j Mr. SEWARD. I call for the previous ques-
; tion on the passage of the bill.
j The previous question was seconded, and the
J main question ordered to be put.
' Mr. BOCOCK. I want to record myself against
j the policy of establishing more navy-yards, and
I therefore call for the yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Henry Bennett, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Benson, Bishop, Bowie, Bradshaw, Broom, Butfinton,
Lewis D. Campbell, Garble, Chaffee, Bayard Claikc, Claw-
son, Clmgman,- Howell Cobb, Williamson It. Wi Cobb,
Covode, Cragm, Cullen, Davidson, Hemy Winter Davis,
Tnnothv Davis, Denver, Dick, Diekbon, Dodd, DowdeJi,
Edie, Edwards. Eustis, Evans, Florence, Foster, Henry
M. Fuller, Gilbeit, Granger, Greenwood, J. Morrison Har-
ris, Thomas L. Harris, Herbert, Thomas R. Horton, Val-
entine B. Horton, Howard, Kelly, KeJsey, Kennctt, King,
Knight, Knowlton, Kunkel, Lake, Lumpkin, Mace, llum-
phiey Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, MeCarty, Millvvard,
Morgan, Mott, Murray, Noiton, Andiew Olivei, Mordecai
Oliver, Peckj Pelton, Perry, Porter, Pringle, Puivianee,
Purvear, Uuitman, Rieaud, Roberts, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp,
Seo'tt, Seward, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Spinnci, Stephens,
Stewart, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan, Thurston. Tnppe,
Underwood, Valk, Wakeman, Warner, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watkms, W.tl^on, Wells, Whit-
ney, Williams, Wiuslow, and Zolheoifer—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Alh&on, Baihour, Bocock,
Branch, Burnett, James H. Campbell, Ezra Clark, Colfax,
Coram", Cumback, Damrell, Dean, JJurfee, Edmundson,
Eriieridge, Faulknei, Flagler, Thomas J. U. Fuller, (bid-
dings, Goode, Giow, Harlan, Hickman, Holloway, Hous-
ton, George W. Jones, Kidwell, Knapp, Knox, Samuel S.
Marshall, McMulhn, Smith Miller, Millson,Morrill, Parker,
Phelps I'ike, Powell, Ritchie, Ruffin, Shoiter, Stanton,
Todd, Traiton, Vail, Wade, Waldron, Welch, Wheeler,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Daniel B. Wnght—o4.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. SEWARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous conscnt of
the House to take from the Speaker's table the
biil from the Senate (No. 398) to regulate the
compensation of members of Congress.
Mr. ENGLISH, Mr. COLFAX, Mr.'MAT-
TESON, and others, objected.
Mr. ORR. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. COLFAX. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. - 1 ask the gentle-
man from South Carolina to allow me to have an
amendment read, which* I propose to offer to the
bill at the proper time.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken; and the rules
were suspended, (two thirds voting in favor
thereof.)
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time by its title. The
question then being on ordering it to a third
reading,
Mr. ORR offered the following, as a substitute
for the Senate bill:
That the compensation of each Senator, Representative,
and Delegate in Congiess, shall be $6,000 for each Congress,
and mileage as now provided by law lor two sessions only,
to be paid in maimer following, to wit: on the fir^t day of
each regular session each Senatoi, Repiesentative, and
Delegate shall receive his mileage for one session; and on
the iu-4 day of each month thereafter,dining ■-ueh session,
compensation atthoi.Uo of $3,000 p.'i annum during the
coniuiuance of Mich se-.-K>n; ami at the end ol Mich session,
he *-hail receive the residue ol'ln^ Milaiy due to him at such
time at the late aforesaid ^till unpaid ; and at the beginning
of the second tegular >e>Monol t!ie Congiess, each Senator,
Representative, and Delegate -.hall iceeive his mileage for
such second sesHoti, and monthly, during such session,
compensation at the rate of ($3,000 pel annum till the 4th
day o! Mai eh teiinmating the Congies-, and 011 that day
each Senatoi, Repieseiitanve, ai'd Delegate shall be enti-
tled to iceeive any balance of the ,$0,000 not theretofoie
paid in the said monthly installments as above diteeted.
Sec, 2. And be it further enacted) That the President of
the Senate pro tempore, when theie shall be no Vice Pres-
ident, or the Vice Piesident shall have become President
of the United States, shall receive the compensation pro-
vided by law foi the Vice President; and the Speaker of
the IIousc of llcprevpnt.iti vt> shall teeeiv e double the com-
pensation above provided lot Uepiesentatives, payable at
the nines and 111 the manner above piovided for payment
of the compensation of llepiesentative*.
Sec. 3. ~1nd he it fiuthc,- enacted, That this law shall
applvto the present'Congress; and each Senator, Repre-
sentative, and Delegate thai! be entitled to receive the
dillcienee only between their per diem compensation al-
ready received under the law now in force, and the com-
pensation provided by this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That in the event of
the death of any Senator, Representative, or Delegate,
pnor to the commencement of the fir.n session of the Con-
gress, he shall be neither entitled to mileage nor compensa-
tion ; and m the event of death after the commencement of
any se-sion, his representatives shall he'entilled to receive
so much of his compensation, computed at the late of $3,000
per annum, as he may not have received, and any mileage
that may have actually accrued and be due and unpaid.
Sec. 5. And be itfurther enact erf. That if any hooks shall
hereafter be ordered to, and received by, members of Con-
gre=«? by a resolution of either ot both Houses, of Congress,
the price paid for the same sbn!l he deducted fiom the com-
pensation hereinbefore provided for such member or mem
hers: Provided, however, That this shall not extend to books
