550
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[April 30,
34th Conq....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Meacham.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. TCAMPBELL. My colleague is an old
member, and knows that the Committee of Ways
and Means have no right to introduce into their
appropriation bills acts of special legislation.
We did undertake to do it in this bill. When we
had discovered that there was great corruption
existing in our marine hospital system, we pre-
sented 3 e facts and documents from the Treasury
Department so clearly showing the necessity of
our proposed reform proviso, that no member
could harbor a doubt; yet the whole bill was re-
jected, with the aid of my colleague's vote, for the
alleged reason that special legislation in an appro-
priation bill was a violation of the rules of the
House.
Mr. Speaker, my colleague objects also to the
appropriation for the support of the Army; and
complains, perhaps with reason, that troops are
quartered in or near Kansas. In defense of the
Committee of Ways and Means I have to say
that the committee have no power to direct the
movements of troops. That power belongs to
the Secretary of War, under the law. If you
would restrict his powers in this regard, the bill
for that purpose should originate with the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, of which the honor-
able gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. GUjitman]
is chairman, and not with the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (Mr. Campbell yielding the
floor to him.) Let me put the question directly
to my colleague: Will he vote to put money into
the hands of the Executive for the purpose of en-
forcing the laws of the bogus Legislature of Kan-
sas?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will answer my col-
league. One party asserts there is a bogus Legis-
lature—the other that it is genuine, elected hon-
estly and fairly. This House, after a long con-
test, have sent a commission of its own mem-
bers to take testimony and make report upon the
issue. It is proper to withhold a decision of the
question until their report is made. Should it be
established that the Legislature was constituted
by force, or in fraud of the fundamental law under
which the Territory was organized, I shall regard
all the acts of the legislative body so formed as
▼oid—absolutely void—and would not vote a
dollar to enforce them.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (Mr. Campbell yielding
the floor to him.) I cannot allow my colleague
to escape my interrogatory. I ask him to answer
the question distinctly. I put this question to
him: "Will you report funds to be placed in the
hands of the Executive for enforcing the laws of
this Legislature in Kansas ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. My colleague will never
find me trying to escape from.him. He may quiet
his mind on that point. I will never recommend
nor vote a dollar to enforce any act of any body
in that Territory which has been organized by
force, and in violation of the provisions of its
organic law.
Mr. GIDDINGS, (Mr. Campbell yielding him
the floor.) Will my colleague answer my ques-
tion directly?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have twice answered
my colleague,and he is not satisfied. If he expects
me, as a member of the National Legislature, to j
decide upon a most important question in the :
absence of the authentic evidence which is now ;
being taken by a committee of this House, and
to commit myself on mere newspaper or tele-
graphic report, I tell him he has mistaken his |
man. When your committee give us their report:
-—when we shall have all the acts here before us I
in an authentic form—if it shall then appear that j
this was not a legally-constituted Legislature, I 1
shall act and vote, accordingly. j
Mr. GIDDINGS, (Mr. Campbell yielding the ;
floor.) With my colleague's permission, I want j
to know of him if, with the history of the coun- i
try before him, he would refuse to vote the money
for the carrying out these laws ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. The question of my col-
league has certainly no liberality or fairness in it.
Newspaper reports, according to my experience
for the last few months, ought not to carry with
them so much force as to justify us in deciding
definitively ft great national question like this. I
do not regard the representations of the press and
the,lines of telegraph quite as reliable, in making
up the " history of the country," as I should the
report of the committee we have sent out. I deem
it my duty, as a judge or juror summoned here,
to reserve my judgment or verdict in reference to
the great question in issue, until our commis-
: sioners present their report of testimony. To
relieve my colleague, however, I will say that,
•from my information, through the press and pri-
vate correspondence, I believe there have been
gross wrongs perpetrated in Kansas. I will not
pronounce my final judgment, however, until the
facts are presented by our absent committee. I
deem this course alike due to the commission, to
the dignity of this House which sent it, and to
the importance of the question involved.
Mr. Speaker, I was diverted by my colleague
from a notice of the objections of gentlemen to the
Senate's amendment, which proposes to supply a
deficiency in the Army appropriation. Some
members deny the right of the Senate to amend
our appropriation bills. Concurring in the opin-
ion that it is the exclusive right of this Hqpse
to originate bills, I cannot for a moment ques-
tion the right of the Senate to amend them. The
Senate amended this bill on request of the House
Committee of Ways and Means, by appropria-
ting nearly three hundred thousand dollars for a
deficiency in the contingent fund of this House.
That item was necessary to pay for the books
which honorable members had voted to them-
selves—for the cushioned chairs on which they
sit—for the lounges on which thejf luxuriate in
their committee rooms—for the ice which cools
the water they drink, &c. The Senate was not
denounced here for that allowance. Oh, no! that
was a pressing necessity, and their amendment
was carried without a dissenting vote! It was
not until we reached the Senate's amendment
which provided the means to pay for the pork and
beans of the poor soldier who has been sent to
defend the frontier, that honorable members dis-
covered that the Senate have perpetrated an out-
rage upon the constitutional rights of the House!
Then ttfe cry is raised here: " Lo! the poor In-
dian !" It is said that he is to be scalped through
this amendment! and that freedom is to be
" crushed out" in Kansas !
I am glad that my colleague's sympathy is
aroused to-day for the " red American" who was
truly ,
" Free and native to the manner born,"
as well as for the down-trodden African. Your
Committee of Ways and Means are certainly not
chargeable with any warlike disposition towards
the remnant of these tribes of the forest who
have been driven from their hunting-grounds to
the far-off coast of the Pacific. Gentlemen should
remember that only a few weeks ago the gentle-
man from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,} and the chair-
man of the Military Committee, [Mr. Quitman,]
presented a bill to appropriate $300,000 to sup-
press Indian hostilities in Oregon and Washing-
ton Territories. Although the language of the
bill indicated warlike treatment of those tribes,
my colleague made no objection. The bill was
about to pass unanimously, when, on my applica-
tion, it was sent to the Ways and Means Com-
mittee. On the suggestion of my honorable col-
i league of that committee, [Mr. Cobb,] from
l Georgia, the phraseology was so changed before
, we reported it as to secure the expenditure of the
money to the object of feeding, clothing, and
treating with kindness the friendly tribes. In
I consequence of this change by that committee
' the funds were placed under direction of the Pres-
ident, to the credit of the Department of the In-
I terior, instead of that of War. At the same time,
it is true, we sent gunpowder; but that was for
the purpose of repelling the invasions of those
hostile Indians who, under British influence and
with British arms, descend upon our coast from
Vancouver's Island,and massacre indiscriminate-
ly our pioneer friends who have gone there ex-
pecting the protection of the Government.
Mr. Speaker, I, too, may have some feeling of
friendship for the poor Indian. My colleague
knew much of him from personal observation in
the war of 1812. I was too young then, either
to fight with the friendly tribes or against those
employed by England to destroy the pioneer set-
tlements of Ohio; but, sir, after that war closed,
I was led, in childhood, through the dark paths
of the forest by the friendly hand of the Indian.
I have read, too, the history of his wrongs; and
there is no feeling of my heart which would lead
me to a desire either to kill or scalp him! Your
statuary in the rotunda presents some points illus-
' trative of his native disposition towards the
white man, and of the treatment he has received
in return at our hands, as a people, in different
; periods of our national progress. Over the east-
ern doorwav he is represented with the ear of
corn in his hand extending it to the Pilgrim father
when, after a long and turbulent voyage across
the great ocean, half-famished, he first planted
his foot upon the shores of America. The In-
dian received the Pilgrim fathers in friendship,
and fed them.
| Look, sir, to your left, after adjournment, as
you pass through that rotunda, at the elegant
work of art (?) which ornaments another point
to the westward. That represents a later period
in the history of our progress. There is Boone,
in the " dark and bloody" ground of Kentucky,
his foot upon one dead Indian, shot by his uner-
( ring rifle, his arm raised, plunging his hunting-
knife into the heart of another !
And now, sir, the destiny of the red man is cast
upon the coast of the Pacific. Driven from one
ocean bounding the continent westward to the
other, he can go no further ! We have forced him
to the jumping off place ! What wonder that he
should grow desperate and draw his knife in de-
fense ? Sir, I cannot without emotion listen to
the speeches of war-loving gen tlemen on this floor,
which tell us the only way to control the Indian
is to kill and scalp him ! If that is to be our policy,
when all but the last man shall be " scalped," 1
would suggest a design for an additional statuette
to be placed in one of the wings of the Capitol
addition when completed. Let it be that last man
standing upon the rock against which the waves
of the Pacific beat fearfully, with his arms folded
with his native dignity, and his eye mournfully
j cast eastward towards the hunting grounds and
the " green graves of his sires " from which he
had been driven—ready, as the scalping knife of
the white man, and not the ear of corn, is pre-
sented to him, to take that one more bound west-
ward necessary to exterminate the last of his race!
Mr. Speaker, thanking my friend from Mis-
souri [Mr. Phelps] for his courtesy, I have
done. Whatever part may be assigned to me in
the business of legislation, I will maintain and
uphold the supremacy of the Constitution and laws;
and I trust that all my acts may spring from that
spirit of generous philanthropy which seeks,
i with lato and order as its means, to elevate the
whole human family, without regard to color or
condition, in that scale of moral grandeur for
which God designed man on the day of creation.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
SPEECH OF HON. J. MEACHAM,
OF VERMONT,
In the House of Representatives,
Jlpril 30,1856.
The House being in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. MEACHAM said:
Mr. Chairman: In rising to address the com-
mittee at this time I cannot fail to be reminded
that you* and I have been here together before;
nor can I fail to recall the scenes through which
we passed six years since. Then, as now, there
was an agitation in regard to the Territories of
this Union; and I believe there was a great deal
more animosity on the subject than there is even
now. The Territories were different, but the
same principles lay at the bottom of the agitation
then and now. Time has passed on, and dealt
far more kindly with you than with me; and
upon your healthy and joyous countenance there
are far fewer marks of the plow-share, and far
fewer furrows upon your brow than upon mine.
I cannot but be reminded that there are now only
aboutfifteen men here who were together then. I
have said, sir, that the principles which we were
* Mr. Cobb, of Georgia, in the chaw.
