THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 18, 1856.
New Series No. 136.
ordered to be punted by the public punter during the Con-
grefs foi which the sa .1 member shall have been elected.
Stc. G. %dad be it farther enacted ^ That it shall be the
duty of tlie Sergeant at-Auns of the Hou^e, and Secretary
of the Senate, le^peenvely, to deduct from the monthly
payments of member as herein provided for, the amount
of hib compensation for each d.i> that such member shall
be absent from the House oi Senate, respectively, unless
such Representative, Senator, or Delegate shall assign as
the reason for such absence the sickness of himself oi of
some member of his family.
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted. That all aeN or parts
of acts inconsistent with, or lepunnant to. the piovi&ions of
this act, be, and the same aie luiieby, repealed.
Mr. 0. then addressed the House m favor of
the bill. His remarks are withheld fur revision,
and will appear in the Appendix. He concluded
by moving the previous question.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table; and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MORGAN, i demand tellers upon laying
the bill o)) the table.
Tellers wvie ordered; and Messrs. Wadk and
Dowdkli, weic appointed.
The (question was taken; and the tollers reported
37 in the affhmative—a further count not being
demanded.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
bill on the table.
Mr. ENGLISH demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORGAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pelton, and
Fui,li;r of Maine, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 21, noes 124.
So the yeas and nays were not oidered; one
fifth of the members present not voting in favor
thereof.
The question was taken; and the motion to lay
on the table wax not agreed to.
The question now being on Mr. Orr's substi-
tute for the bill,
Mr. SAND! DGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered
The question was taken; and the substitute was
agreed to—ayes U2, noes 52.
Mr. ENUL1SII moved to lay the bill on the
table.  
Mr. COLFAX called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third tim>\
Mr. ORR. I call for the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 90; as follows:
YEAS— Mc?i?rs.Aik<n,I$all, Barbour. Rjoclfn , fiend ley S.
F.eimett, Deiifon, Bi^iop.Rojc e, L*tooks, Uioom, K mini ton,
Jame^II Campbell, Oaiinher-, Chart-e, Hajaid Claike,
E^i.t C'ldik, Ilou ell Cobb, Coiniii', ('ovo;ie. Imniell, lienr>
Winter D.ivi:-,Timothy Davis, Dean, Denvei, Ihrk^ui Dui-
fee, Eilwuids. Eusli*-, Evans. Fioienee, fo^tei. Uesny M.
Full ei. Thomas J. 1). fuller, (2 aiding-. Cilbt it. Go.'en wood,
Robert 15. Hall, J .Moiii.-on 1 lairiL liai iis. Har-
rison, [ferbeit, Hickman, Thomas U. 11 oi ton. llowaid,
Hugh.ston. Kellv, KeKej, King, Knapp, Kutikfl, Lindley,
Mace, Alexander K Mai-liall, Humplm \ Marsliall, Sam-
uel S. AIui •shall, Maxwell, MeUueen, ICdfian .Miller. Mill
son, Milhvard. Moore. Noitmi. MouIo-mi Olivei. Oir,
I'eaice, IVek, J'elton. lYnmnuton, I'eny, Ptinole. Purvi-
aneo, liicaud, Rivers,itohei t?. £:<u?o. s?«ivay- . on. ^ew.tid.
Panmej A J>imth, s?need. Swop-.-, Tiiomurton, Vlui^ton,
Tiaiton, Trippe. Tvson, Vail, V'aJk, Wdkeinnii.Wnlhiidce,
Vv'dlkei, Wainej, Cadwulader C. \Va>"bb«tne, W'at-on,
Welch, Weil-, Wheeleu Whitney, William.-, and Wood
woUh—100.
NAYsS— Messrs. Albnylit, Aihc.on. Billiri l>ur>t. Bh-s,
Bocoek, Bowie. Biadsha\vr,Bianch, JJ tea ton, IhiuicU, Cad-
waladei. John P. Campbell, Lewi* D. CamnheH, <'ailite,
Caakje, CiawaODjOluigman, Williamson K. Vv, Cobb, Col-
fax, Ciaein, Craige,'Cumback, Dick, Dodd, Dowilell, Edie,
E'imiuuL-on, Elliott, Ennic, English, Ethendge, Faulkner,
Flaclei, Gailovvay, (ioode, Granger,Glow, UaiLut, Haven,
Ilolloway, Valentine B. Uorton, Ilou-ton, George W. Jones,
Ktdwell, Knight, Knowitmt, Knox, Lake, Ia-iter, Letcbcr,
Lnmpkm. Mafteson, McCarty, McMulhn, Smith Miller,
Moijzan, iviorrill, Mott, Murray, Andrew Olivei, Pinker,
Pettit, Phelps, Pike, Porter, Powell, Puryear, Quitman,
Ready, Richardson, Ritchie, Rutfin, Sandidge, Sapp, Slier-
man, Slioitcr, Simmons, William Smith, William It. Smith,
Spmner, Stanton, Stephen?, Stowait, Stranahan, Talbou,
Tappan, Taj lor, Todd, Underwood, Wade, Waldron,
Kllilm 15. Washburne. Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wins?-
low, Wood, WooduuF, Daniel B. Wnght, and John V.
Wnght—99.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the above call,
Mr. COX, who was without the bar when his
name was called, said that had lie been present he
would have voted in the negative.
Mr. RUST, who was also without the bar
when his name was called, said that if he had
been present he would have voted in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. LETCHER demanded the yeas and nays
on the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
EMPLOYES OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. KUNKEL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion:
fit ,oh'cd< That the Clerk be dneetcd to pay out of the
conimirent fund of the Hou^c the usual e\!ia compensa-
tion to that class of emplo\ who leceived the same at the
lasr Conuujss, and to tin- oilier i'mplo\ds of the Ilou-e
ies[)i'( m e!\, inel inline (Iiom- employed in the of bee o! the
Superintendent ot Public Punting, an amount equal to
twenU percent, on then annual einnpcn^iilion . Pn-i ided,
That tliH resolution .shall not beeonsiiucd to in< lude the
public priiitm.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope nobody will object
to it after what has been done heie to-day.
Mr. JONES. 1 hope that those who have
i tiied to do what is ri^ht may be permitted to
ohj' ct.
Mr KUNKLIL. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of offering the resolution.
Air. JONE S. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. KUJYKEL. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded; and the
mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Tiie motion was disagreed to.
The resolution wus then n^ioed to.
Mr. KUNKFjL moved to rer.oih-.ider the vote
by vvhieh the r< solution was agreed to, and al.so
I mn\ed to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
, table; which latter motion was agreed to.
MEDICAL AAD HOSPITAL DEPARTMENT Or
THE ARM Y.
'Mr. FAULKN ER. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit pie to report from
the Committee on Mihtaiy Afhurs, wtth a view
to its immediate passage, a bill which has not
the recommendation of being a private bill, nor a
land-jobbing bill, nor a custom-house bill, nor a
Congress compensation hill; and if, in the absence,
of such passports to its favor, the House will
entertain it, I am prepared to show that the public
interests, at least, require its immediate passage.
1 mean the bill from the Senate for the increase
and better orannization of the medical and hos-
pital depaitments of the Army.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 move a suspension of,
the rules.
The rules were suspended; and,
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported the bill referred to by
him; and the House proceeded to consider the
same. •
The bill was read in ixtenso.
t Mr. FAULKNER demanded theprevious ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof, the bill was ordered to a
third reading, and was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. FAULKNER moved the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. FAULKNER moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
SECURITY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAM VES-
SELS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table and put upon its passage a bill
(H. R. No. 9*2) further amendatory of " An act to
provide for the better security of the lives of pas-
sengers on board of vessels propelled in whole or
in part by steam, and for other purposes.55
Mr. PIIELPS. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I move to suspend the
rules, and on that motion I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Walker,
and Washbukne of Wisconsin, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 71, noes 4(5.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I call for the yeas and
nays; but I will withdraw the call if the House
consent to postpone the bill till the first Wednes-
day in December next.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
COURT-HOUSE AND POST OFFICE AT OGDEKS-
BURG, NEW YORIC.
Mr. SPINNER. I move to suspend the rules,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, for the
purpose of reaching House bill (No. 210) for the
erection of a court-house and post office at Ogdens-
burg, New York. I wish the House to under-
stand my pioposition, so that it may vote under-
standing^. It is to take up seriatim, and pass
over, the bills on the Calendar, until we reach this
bill, which is the sixth on the list.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will give
way for a little while, there is a vfcry important
public bill on the Speaker's table from my friend,
the head of the Judiciary Committee, reforming:
the judiciary of the United States. It meets, as
1 understand, the approbation of that portion of
the Department having charge of it, of the Judi-
ciary Committee, and of e\ciy gentleman who has
had his attention called to it.
Mr. WAKEMAN. The Judiciary Committee
do not all concur in that hill.
Mr. SPINNER. I shall insist on my motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire the House
to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up
the mail steamer appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. There is a pending question.
The question was taken on Mr. Spinner's mo-
tion; and it was not agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to reim-
burse the State of Vermont, the expenses incurred
by her in paying her militia, called out in 1838~'39
to preserve the neutrality of the country; when
the Speaker signed the same.
JUDICIARY REFORM.
Mr. SIMMONS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up Senate bill (No.
3S1) to amend the acts relating to fees, costs, and
other judiciary expenses of the Government in
the States, Territories, and District of Columbia,
136
