1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I do not wish to be put down as one opposed to
all renewals; but the system of renewing patents
is liable to great abuse. It may be that, after
hearing the report of the committee, I may be
satisfied with this case; but I am not satisfied
now, and I only ask the Senate that these bills
which are hurried through here—I do not use the
expression as implicating any Senator, but by
common consent—may be looked at.
The second bill to which my motion refers has
no report accompanying it. What it is about—
what the merits of the man's case are, I do not
know; but I am utterly opposed, as a general
thing, to this renewal of patents. I am willing
to give the patentees the period fixed by the gen-
eral law; and whenever they can make proof of
those peculiar circumstances which entitle them
to a renewal for seven years at the Patent Office,
I should not object to it; but a renewal beyond
that I will never vote for unless the circum-
stances are extraordinary, such as I can scarcely
imagine now. Although I have very great con-
fidence in whatever my friend from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] reports, 1 hope that he will give me
a week more to look into these bills.
Mr.-BROWN. My friend from Ohio knows
very well how an appeal of that sort comes home
to me, but I can make a statement to him which
I feel sure will induce him to allow these bills to
pass. It is almost a case of life and death with
me, for one of the claimants talks to me, and wor-
ries me, and bedevils me, as nobody ever was
worried before. His case, I know, is a meritori-
ous one, but I should have examined it with
a great deal more pleasure to myself if he had
never said anything to me about it. I can state
to my friend from Ohio the matter in so short a
space, and so clearly, I think, that he will see at
once that there ought to be no objection to the
passage of McCormick's bill. Mr. McCormick,
in 1834, took out his first patent for a reaper.
Subsequently, he took out two other patents,
with which this bill has nothing to do. The
three arc combined in one machine. „His first
patent ran the regular course of fourteen years.
Then under the law, upon a fair showing, he
was entitled to an extension of seven years. His
patent being taken out in 1834, as a matter of
course expired in 1848. Within what he con-
ceived, and what any reasonable man would sup-
pose, sufficient time, he applied for an extension
of his patent. When he applied, Mr. Obed Hus-
sey also applied, to contest his right on the ground
of priority of discovery. The case went before
the examiners, and the parties were ordered to
take testimony to settle the question of priority.
McCormick went on and took his testimony, but
when he presented it to the board of examiners
his attestations were wrong. It was not formally
taken; and it was ruled out,according to the state-
mentof the then Commissioner, not because it was
not proper testimony, not because it did not sus-
tain his case, for they never reached the merits of
his case, but on the ground of its informality.
The fact is, therefore, that he never had a hearing
at all.
Now, the bill simply proposes, not to grant
him an extension of his patent, not to settle any
matter of contest between him and Hussey. but
to remit him to the position which he occupied
in 1848, saying to him, "If you have lost your
legal rights on account of a technical informality,
we will remit you to them, and you may have the
same judgment rendered for you now which, if
your testimony had been formally and regularly
taken, you could have obtained then." This is
the whole case.
Mr. PUGH. What provision has my friend
made for the possibility that between 1848 and
the time when the extension may be granted,
other rights may have been acquired ? Of course
we have to look to the rights of others.
Mr. BROWN. They are expressly reserved.
Mr. PUGH. The bill expressly reserves a
right to continue the use of any machine con-
structed during the interval; but asuggestion was
made to me by the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Allen,] which I stated a few moments
ago, that other inventors may have incorporated
the principle of this machine into their own in-
ventions. . .
Mr. BROWN. If they did so, they did it m
their own wroug. Here was a man who had a
legal right, as he supposed; and if it shall be
decided by the same tribunal who ought to have
determined the question in 1848, that he had a
legal right to the extension, these persons are
trespassers on his invention. All who have ac-
quired legal rights since that time are protected
by the bill. It says in so many words that no
man who has acquired a legal right shall be dis-
turbed. It goes further and provides that if, when
the renewal be granted, it shall appear to the
Commissioner that, the'patent covers too much,
he shall require McCormick to enter a remittitur,
so as to give up part of his claim. It really
seems to me that if this man lost a legal right in
1848, on a technicality, and now only asks what he
was legally entitled to at that time, and what he
could have had if his testimony had formally
been taken, there can be no impropriety in grant-
ing it to him. This is all that lie asks, and even
a portion of it he consents, by the bill, to give up.
What reasonable or just ground of objection
can anybody raise to this bill? Other parties, it
is true, may have invested money, but, if so, they
did it in their own wrong. They were notified
by the public records of both tlouses of Con-
gress that McCormick was here seeking his legal
rights—seeking a restoration to the rights which
he had under the law prior to 1848—seeking at
the hands of Congress to be remitted to rights
which he lost, not on the merits of his case, but
on a technicality at that time. My friend from
Ohio will understand perfectly well what I mean
when I say that he seeks here a judgment nunc
pro nunc. This is all that he wants.
Mr. PUGH. But my friend knows that, when
such judgments are entered, they never interfere
with rights which have vested m the meantime.
This is all that I ask here. Let the bill be amended
| so as to declare that it shall not interfere with any
| patent heretofore granted, and I am willing to i
i withdraw my opposition.
i Mr. EVANS. I was a member of the Com-
j mittee on Patents last year, and I am this year.
' All these eases were before the committee at the
! last Congress, and were considered. This year
j I have been summoned to attend a meeting of the
| committee but once, and these bills have not
I passed under my review at the present session of
Congress. I recollect very well, however, in re-
! lation to the past, that, from the best view which
! I could form of this matter, Hussey's was decid-
edly the most meritorious claim. He was pre-
vented from obtaining a renewal of his patent by
a change in the rules of the office. Being an old
and ignorant man, he did not know of it. His
friends have presented the matter to Congress,
rather than himself.
As to McCormick's case, I remember very well
that, according to the evidence before the com-
mittee at the lust Congress, it was said that he had
realized two or three hundred thousand dollars
from his patent. I do not know whether or not
this be so. He recovered one judgment of a very
large amount; but I believe the Supreme Court
granted a new trial, and there may have been
since then, for aught I know, a verdict for a less
amount.
I remember very well, in relation to the case of
4 Moore and Hascall, that, on a discussion in the
| Senate, that bill was rejected two years ago. It
1 was opposed by Mr. "Walker, of Wisconsin, who
| made such statements m relation to it that a ma-
J jority of the Senate rejected the bill.
| [ am disposed to put all these cases#on the same
j footing; and, as Hussey's bill is to be reconsid-
' ered, let the others be reconsidered also, and then
we shall all have an opportunity, if we choose to
do what I propose to do for myself, to look into
the matter in the form m which it is presented,
and arrive at a just conclusion.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Mississippi, a member of the Com-
mittee on Patents, whether all the questions pre-
sented by the Senator from South Carolina will
not be proper to be considered by the Commis-
sioner of Patents under the bill?
Mr. BROWN. Unquestionably. The com-
mittee determined that we neither have the ability
nor the means of information to justify us in
going into matters of conflict between parties as
to patents. It is no business of the committee,
and in my opinion it is no business of Congress,
to grant renewals of patents. I am as much
opposed to it as any other gentleman; but here
parties complain that they have failed to obtain
certain rights on grounds* purely technical, and
not upon the merits of their case; and, ail they
ask is, to be sent back to the Patent Office, witn
instructions to the Commissioner of Patents W
reopen their case and judge them as he would
have judged them before the patent expired. This
is the wliole case, so faras 1 understand it. You -
grant no patent; you do not tell the Commissio'ney
to grant a patent; but you simply say that yon
will not take advantage of a man having lost his
legal rights by a technicality, and will not tie him*
down to the very letter of the law. This is all
you say.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on re-
considering the vote passing Senate bill No. 304,
for the relief of Hiram Moore and John Hascall,
or their legal representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi has confined his remarks to the case of
McCormick, and he says that, by reason of a
technicality, McCcrmick did not have his evi-
dence presented m time. I should like to inquire
what reason there is for giving to Moore and
Hascall a new trial?
Mr. BROWN. 1 did not report the bill for
their relief. The Senator had better inquire of
the member of the committee who did report it—
my friend from Michigan.
"Mr. STUART. The Senator from Ohio mov<*&
to reconsider both bills. Of course he could not
make the motion as to more than one at a tim&;
and the first bill was that of McCormick, and the
discussion has been confined to that. 'Conse-
quently I have not said anything about the cas$
of Moore and Hascall.
The PRESIDENT. It is immaterial which.
bill is first actcd upon; but the Chair will put th©
question on reconsidering the vote on the pas-
sage of the bill (S. No. 301) for the relief of Cyrus
H. McCormick.
Mr. PUGH. I have stated that, if the Senate
shall reconsider that bill, I desire to offer an
amendment to it. I find that the proviso to it only
protects those who are using the machines under
McCormick himself. While lam willing to give
this man a rehearing, I do not wish the bill to be
used for the purpose of arming Mr, McCormick
with power to attack subsequent inventors or
persons who, in good faith, supposing that his
patent had expired, made use of his machine. X
wish to protect therigh tswhicli'may have accrued
between the expiration of the patent and the ex-r
tension which may be granted.
Mr. BROWN. It seems to me that I can con-
vince my friend from Ohio in a word that his
amendment is unnecessary. If McCormick has
taken out a patent, and has exhausted it, as a
matter of course the Patent Office has not granted
to another party a patent for the same discovery
orinvention. Then,if you review hispatentforhis
own invention, that can byno possibility come in
conflict with an entirely new discovery. I have
no particular objection to the amendment, as I
understand it, but I dislike to have such measures „
reconsidered on grounds that I do not think
amount to a great deal.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have one difficulty in
my mind to which gentlemen do not seem to
have turned their attention. Let me suppose that,
a man obtains a patent for a very important agri-
cultural instrument, like a plow or a reaping
machine. Foui teen years run on, and his ma-
chine comes into general and extensive use. He
has the power to apply to the Patent 0tfi.ee for
an extension of that patent upon showing that he
has not had, sufficient remuneration. From some
cause—and it is not necessary now to inquire
what—in point of fact, it is not done; it is not
renewed; it is not extended by the Patent Office.
The community understand that it is not ex-
tended. The patent has run out by law. It being
thus in general use, mechanics immediately enter
on the business of making that plow, or reaping
machine, or whatever it may be. They proceed to
erect large establishments according to the nature
of the demand, and make large investments and
outlays for the purpose of manufacturing that plow
or reaping machine. They do this, not contrary
to any law, but legitimately, legally, rightfully,
in pursuance of their lawful business. After
they have thus gone on erecting their works and
making these machines, having made large m- ,
vestments, all at once, Congress, >y some new
law, five or six years afterwards, enables that
