552
appendix to the congressional globe.
[April 30,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Admission of Kansas—Mr. Meacham.
Ho. of Reps.
A bird feigns to be -wounded, and lures the hunter
far from the spot where she was first seen, olie
goes limpinsr, fluttering, and screaming, to attract
attention. Why does she do so? She wants to
prevent her nest and its eggs from being touched.
That is just the case here. They do not care a
fig about these emigrant aid societies. It is only
a blind. .
I do not intend to occupy my full time now,
for I hope, if anything is brought back in the
nature of evidence by the commission we have
sent to that Territory, I may be able to take part
in the discussion then. Indeed, until that mas-
terly report of the minority in the Senate, I could
hardly see a single fact upon which you could
rest with any degree of reliance whatever. But,
I ask you, how were northern emigrants treated ?
On the 30th of May, 1854, we passed that law for
the organization of Nebraska and Kansas. Just
twenty-nine days after that, the men of Missouri
formed an association to drive out from that Ter-
ritory, to hurl out of it by force, every man who
came into it by the assistance of northern emi-
grant aid societies. The plan must have been laid,
and the knowledge in regard to that law must
have been conveyed to that Territory, before the
law was passed. Now, that was the welcome
which awaited freemen when they went into that
Territory ?. I know it is said that "If you do not
like it, stay at home; we will just make that Ter-
ritory so hot that you cannot stay there: we will
go and occupy it ourselves, and make it a slave
Territory." But how were they treated? Did they
receive at the hands of those who had gone there
from the State of Missouri anything like hospi-
tality, anything like courtesy, anything like jus-
tice, when they went to that strange land ? Instead
of that, when the first election came off they-
were driven from the ballot-boxes by force, and
those who usurped their places had things their
own way.
Now, I maintain that the Kansas people are to
blame in some measure. They were altogether
too modest. They had a way, up in Vermont,
of dealing with intruders from abroad, which is
worthy of imitation in spirit, if not in form.
New York claimed a portion of that State as her
own, nearly to the mountains. They sent there
officers.to execute the process of that State. The
Vermonters told them they could not have such
matters going on in their State, and that they
must stop. They did not do it. They caught
one of the officers and tied him to a tree, and laid
upon him what they called a " beech seal," which
grows in the woods in the shape of what boys
call switches. They gave him a thorough dress-
ing; told him to go home, and if he came there
again, he would never leave the State alive; and
I never heard of the man's coming back to get the
beech seal renewed.
The Kansas people ought to have taken some
measures to show that they were in earnest, and
that they were not to be trampled in the dust,
even if they had to use lead and steel. And I
say to them now, peace man as I am, that, be-
fore I would surrender and be driven from the
Territory, I would use lead and steel, and every
other metal which God has placed in the earth.
I know there are doubts expressed whether
there were votes cast by Missourians in the elec-
tion. But Noah might just as well have doubted
whether there had been a deluge when he got up
on the top of Mount Ararat. [Laughter.] Jnst
look at the returns. As I said before, I am not.
going into this matter at length, because we ex-
pect information soon upon which we can rely
confidently. But here is one district which has
got two hundred and forty-seven voters, and four
hundred and eighty-she votes; another which has
four hundred and eighty-six voters, and one thou-
sand two hundred and six votes; another which
has twenty-four voters, and three hundred and
thirty-one votes. More than five thousand votes
-were cast by Missourians in that election, while
they were driving all the freemen of Kansas
from their places—compelling them to leave, and
for bidding them upon peril of their lives to
return.
There are two Legislatures, and they have sent
on here two Delegates. We have not decided
between them; perhaps we nevershall. It is our
business mdet certainly to do it. Those who
1 have resisted it the strongest, have said we have
the right to do it. If we have the right to make
the decision, we have the right, at the same time,
to make the examination which precedes the de-
cision; and we are not to be estopped, and blocked
up, and driven out of the way, because there has :
been a Legislature which has acted wrong.
I know the same party says we may rely upon
the court. They trust the court; so do I. I have
always trusted the court, and believe I always
shall. I remember a scene which gave peculiar i
strength to that feeling of confidence in the court.
You remerftber when the Congressional Library
was burned, and apparently all the men of the
city were gathered here to put out the fire. There
was a score of engines upon the track to the
reservoir, and perhaps a thousand men in the
rotunda and its avenues. I saw I could do noth-
ing there; and as an eminent counsel, then a Sen-
ator from Vermont, was about to make an argu-
ment in the Supreme Court, 1 went to that place,
and there were the court, just as calm as ever I saw
them in my life. You could hear the clank, clank,
of a score of engines, and the tramp, tramp, tramp,
of a thousand men, echoing through the room, but'
. there they sat, attending to their business, per-
I fectly unmoved. I looked upon that body of men,
| and admired them for their composure in their
| situation. But I thought of another thing. There
j might come the time when there would be not only
i the agitation of fire and water, but there may be
political agitation. The political elements may be
heaving up and showing their power, and then
that bod y of men will sit in their places and do their
duty as calmly as they are doing it now. I will
trust to that court.
But I will not put into the hands of this court
what does not belong to it; and with that Kansas
election case the court has nothing whatever to do.
We are to decide it for ourselves, and should do
so at once frankly and fearlessly. It must be ad-
mitted that those who attempt to eject the settlers
from Kansas have some very efficient helps.
I will read another extract from the Presidetat's
message:
"In the Territory of Kansas there have been acta preju-
dicial to good order, but as yet none have occurred under
circumstances to justify the interposition of the Federal
Executive. That could only be in case of obstruction to
I Federal law, or of organized resistance to territorial law,
,! assuming the character of insurrection; which, if it should
occur, it would be my duty promptly to overcome and sup-
press. I cherish the bope, however, that the occurrence
of any such untoward event will be prevented by the eound
sense of the people of the Territory, who, by its organic
Uwv, possessing the right to determine their own domestic
institutions, are entitled, while deporting themselves peace-
fully, to the free exercise of that right, and must be pro-
tected in the enjoyment of it, without interference on the
part of the citizens oPuiiy of the States. "
* * * * * * *
" Bat long afterwards, when, by the proposed accession
of the Republic of Texas, the United States were to take
their next step in territorial greatness, a similar contingency
occurred, and became the occasion for systematized at-
tempts to interfere in the domestic affairs of one section
of the Union, in defiance of their rights as States and of the
stipulations of the Constitution. These attempts assumed
a practical direction, in the shape of persevering endeavors,
by some of the Representatives in both Houses of Congress,
to deprive the southern States of the supposed benefit of the
provisions of the act authorizing the organization of the
State of Missouri.
" It has been matter of painful regret to see States, con-
spicuous for their services in founding this Republic, and
equally sharing its advantages, disregard their constitutional
obligations to it. Although conscious of their inability to
heal admitted and palpable social evils of their own, and
which are completely within their jurisdiction, they engage
in the offensive and hopeless undertaking of reforming the
domestic institutions of other States wholly beyond their
control and authority. In the vain pursuit of ends, by them
entirely unattainable, and which they may not legally at-
tempt to compass, they peril the very existence of the Con-
stitution, and all the countless benefits which It has con-
ferred. While the people of the southern States confine
their attention to their own affairs, not presuming officiously
to intermeddle with the social institutions of the northern
States, too many of the inhabitants of the latter are perma-
nently organized in associations to inflict injury on the
former, by wrongful acts, which would be cause of war as
between foreign Powers, and only fail to be such in our
system, because perpetrated under cover of the Union."
When I first read that, sir, I thought it would
tarn out an impartial statement of what was
necessary to be clone if there had been an intru-
j sion into that Territory by the freemen as against
; i the Missourians, or by the Missourians as against
the freemen. But there is a single expression
i which removes any doubt, and rescues from any
; I interpretation which charity might •Wish to cast
over it; and that is, the words " domestic institu-
tions."
There is another helper of the Missourians.
j Vice President Atchison leaves his high and dig-
J nified place to take part in the low, unmanly bor-
der scuffles, goading on the men of his State to
deeds of tfolence and misrule. The country looks
on that man as degraded and debauched in his
principles when he voluntarily Rwears his pres-
, ence at the Kansas elections, with pistol ana sti-
letto, like a political marauder.
Now, there is another thing which may be
mentioned, to show the manner in which tliis
Legislature was elected, and which removes the
, least shadow of doubt as to its illegality; and
that is, that it proceeded immediately to legislate
against freemen, bypassing its gag law, its alien-
sedition law, or whatever else you may call it, to
muzzle the mouth of every man against uttering
a sentiment in relation to slavery, by making it a
penal offense, punishable with five years' impris-
onment. Now, I do not know how many men
may subject themselves to that penalty; but I
can tell you one thing—and I rest my honor and
name upon it—that if you put a freeman into a
bastile in Kansas, he will not be there a week
before there will not be even a key of it left to
send to Washington. There will not be left one
stone upon another that will not be thrown down.
Well, that is not the end of it. Another man
says—and the course, I believe, is intended, if
they can carry out and put their plans in exe-
cution—that ne would not put the offenders in
prison, but would hang them until they are dead,
dead, dead. It was once said that Foote was a
hangman and he had that reputation. It was un-
derstood when a certain gentleman came from a
certain quarter of the country and went to New
York, and made a speech there, that he (Foote)
was in danger of his laurels; and it was shown
that he was. It now seems that he is surpassed
by his subalterns. Now, what is the meaning
of this? Why, that it is put forward here from
the Senate of the United States, that that is to be
the law paramount—that Lynch-law is to go into
operation—that men who would make assertions
against slavery would be hung on the spot till they
are dead, dead, dead.
I have shown in what manner these men have
been treated, and are now treated. But what is
to be done ? My proposition in respect to this
Territory, and to make peace in it, is to admit it
at once into the Union as a State. I am willing
; to allow it to do so. And my reason is very plain
—and I will be frank about it. It is because it
will be made a free State. But there is one thing'
to be considered; those who do not wish it to turn
out in that way have made a promise to Con-
gress—have made it to their constituents and
their States and to the country and to the world.
What is that promise? The promise is this;
that whenever the people of the Territory shaH
form a republican government they shall be ad>-
mitted into the Union, either with or without
slavery, as they shall themselves choose. Now
the people of Kansas have formed a government.
They have done so of their own choice. They
have complied in every respect with the requisi-
tion made.
Now I say that those men who laid down that
Elatforin—who established those doctrines—are
ound to come forward, and recognize, and act
upon them. I know very well that it will be said
the Territory has not sufficient population to be
admitted as a State; but it has alarger population
than many of the States which have been admit-
ted into the Union. I have l>een favored very
kindly by the chairman of the Committee on
Territories with a list-of those States which have
been admitted with the smallest amount of pop-
ulation. It is believed that Kansas has now from
forty-five to fifty thousand inhabitants. I will
read the statement;
Whit*
Admitted. papulation.
Tennessee. .June 1, 1796, had by census of 1790, 32,013
Indiana Dec. 11,1816, had by census of 1810,23,890
Louisiana...April 8,1812, had by census of 1810, 34,311
Mississippi. .Dec. 10,1817, had by census of 1820, 42,176
Arkansas. ."Jone 15,1836, had by census of 1830, S5,671
Florida. Mar. 3,1845, had by census of 1840, 27,943
Michigan....Jan. 26,1837, had by census of 1830, 31,346
It will be seen by this statement that a large
