1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
man to get an extension. Now, what is to be-
come of all these investments and outlays of me-
chanics lawfully made in the meantime? What
are they ta do? They can no longer manufacture
the machines which they lawfully entered upon
Making- *
Mr, BROWN. My friend from Vermont is
entirely mistaken. The bill, in so many words,
secures every party in the possession of his legal
rights.
Mr. COLLAMER.. It only applies to those
using machines.
Mr. BROWN. The provision is:
Provided, however, That ali persons now enjoying the law-
fill nee of any machines or improvements protected by the
said letters patent of the said Cyrus H. McCormick, and the
purchasers of any such machines or improvements so in
iise, or lawfully constructed, if, and when, said Commis
sioner shall renew said patent ad aforesaid, may continue
to use the same, notwithstanding the provisions of this act."
Mr. COLLAMER. Unquestionably that pro-
tects any of those who may have purchased any
of these machines.
Mr. BROWN. But my friend talked about
parties who had lawfully invested their money,
who had acquired legal rights, and I was bringing
him down to the very terms of the bill.
_ Mr. COLLAMER. The bill protects legal
rights in the machine*, but the people of whom I
have spoken have made then* investments in ma-
chinery, and in buildings and houses, to make
these machines. That is the trouble.
Mr. HALE. I think that the exception of the
Senator from Vermont would apply to every ex-
tension where the patent has expired, would it
not?
Mr. COLLAMER. I think that, whenever Con-
gress interferes to enable an extension to be made
after the patent has expired, there should always
be some mode of preserving the rights of those
people who have entered upon the business of
making the machine in the mean time.
Mr, BROWN. No one seems to contest the
fact stated by me that McCormick losthis right on
account of a very rigid enforcement of a technical
rule of law, He immediately applied to Congress
for relief, and has pressed his application ever
since. If other parties have thought proper to
make an investment in houses and machinery, 1
respectfully submit to my friend from Vermont,
that they aid it at their own risk, and that the
legal maxim, caveat emptor, comes in with great
force.
Mr. COLLAMER. If they had notice.
Mr. BROWN. They had notice. This man
was pressing for the recovery of a legal right
which he had lost by the technical enforcement
of a legal rule; and under such circumstances, if
you make investments of money, you do it at
your otfn risk.
Mr. COLLAMER. How was notice stfven?
Mr. BROWN. How are parties notified of
what is the law of the land? How are parties noti-
fied of what is going on here, but by the public
journals of Congress? How could McCormick
go to every special and particular man who
thought proper to invest his money in this enter-
prise? He lives, I believe, in Chicago, Illinois.
Suppose that a man, in some remote corner of the
State of Maine or the Stale of Mississippi, was
about to invest his money in this machine, how
could McCormick know that he was doing it, so
as to go and file a special notice on him ? It was
the man's business to know what was going on
in Congress—to know what was on the records of
the country. A notice to all the world at large
is a notice to each particular individual in the
world. Parties who thus made their investments
against this public notice did it, I conceive, in
their own wrong, and have no right to complain
of our action.
Mr. BIGGS. I think this case presents a very
important principle, which we have not time
enough to-day to discuss. I move, therefore,
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 9, noes 23.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator from Mississippi
will allow his bill to be reconsidered, and will add
this proviso, I will withdraw my opposition:
And provided further, That such extension shall not affect
the n«lits of any patentee, or his assignees, und«rany patent
heretofore granted.
Mr. BROWN. I shall not object to the amend-
ment if I can have any assurance that, if we
adopt it, the bill will be allowed to pass. I stand
perfectly firm on the legal point, that McCormick
can have no right under the bill which, by possi-
bility, will affect any other patent. I shall not
object to the reconsideration if, by the addition
of his amendment, we can pass the bill without
objection.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Legislature of Louisiana
has instructed me to votq against the extension
of any and every patentin every possible shape.
If the effect of this bill be to give McCormick, or
others, a chance of obtaining a renewal of the
patent, or any privilege which they do not now
possess, I shall be in favor of the reconsideration.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. PUGH. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The bill is open to amend-
ment.
Mr. PUGH. I now offer my amendment. I
prefer that the bill should lie over for considera-
tion; but, if my amendment be adopted, I shall
not press my objection. The amendment is:
Jlnd provided further, That such extension shall not
affect the rights'of any patentee, or his assignees, under
any patent heretofoio granted.
The amendment was agreed to; and the ques-
tion being on ordering the bill as amended to be
engrossed for a third reading,
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 14, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Dodge,
Foot, Foster. Halo, Hamlin, Mason, Sewaid, Thompson of
Kentucky, Weller, and Wnght—1 i.
NAYS—Menard. Adums, Allen, Biggs, Collamer,Durkec,
Evans, Fish, Fitzpatnek.Geyer, Ilaiian, Iverson, Mallory,
Pngh,Reid. ShdeU, Toombs,Trumbull, Wade, and Yutee—
19.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. PUGH. I now move to reconsider the
vote on the passage of the bill for the relief of
Hiram Moore and John Hascall, or their legal
representatives. I shall not insist on the consid-
eration of the motion now, but it can be entered.
The PRESIDENT. The motion will be en-
tered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope the vote will be
taken at once on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio to reconsider the passage of the bill for the
relief of Moore and Hascall. I find myself
instructed by the Legislature of Illinois to vote
against the passage of that bill. I wish to put
myself right on the record. As we have recon-
sidered the other two bills, I hope this will be
reconsidered also.
Mr. WELLER. If we reconsider the vote we
cannot dispose of that bill to-day. The motion
| to reconsider can be entered, ana, as a matter of
j course, it will come up again next Friday. Under
I these circumstances 1 move that the Senate do
| now adjourn.
: The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
1 adjourned,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 23, 1856.
j The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
j by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
i The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
j ILLINOIS CONTESTED ELECTION — ARCHER
I VS. ALLEN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
| question of privilege. I am directed by the Com-
1 mittee of Elections to make the report and reso-
\ lutions which I send to the desk; and I ask that
i they may be laid upon the table, and printed; and
j also that the minority report which is to be made
by the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens j
may also be printed, together with the evidence
i and arguments in the case.
\ Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I Under the resolutions adopted by tins House last
i week, and which I desire to have read, it will be
j remembered that the first business in order on
' each Friday, immediately after the reading of the
I Journal,is leports from the Committee of Claims.
II ask that the resolutions may be read.
j The resolutions were then read, as follows:
I Resolved, That bills, and their accompanying reports
J from the Court of Claims, shall be referred by the Clerk of
! the House to the Committee of Claim?.
Resolved, That it shall be in order every Friday morning,
immediately after the reading of the Journal, for the Com-
mittee of Claims to report with reference to business from
the Couit of Claims, the bills to be printed and placcd upon
the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. Under the resolutions adopted
by the House, and, as the Chair thinks, under
the general regulations as it regards business, it
is in order to call for reports from committees.
But the gentleman from Maine rises to a question
of higher privilege, which relates to the right of
a member of the House, as the Chair supposes,
to his seat; and that question will take precedence
of the order of business for this day.
The resolutions reported by Mr. Washburn
were then read, as follows:
Resolved, Thru James C. Allen was not electcrl, and ig
not entitled to a seat in tlurf House.
Revolved, That William li. Archer was elected, and is
entitled to a heat in this House.
Mr. WASHBURN. I now move that those
resolutions and the accompanying reports be laid
on the table and printed; and also, that the minor-
ity report to be made hereafter be also printed,
together with the evidence and arguments in the
case; and I give notice that on Wednesday next
I will call up the resolutions for consideration.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Maine is aware that, during a portion of next
week, many members of this House will be absent
from the city. I desire, therefore, that he shall
defer the calling up of this report arid these res-
olutions repoitud from the Committee of Elec-
tions, until two weeks from next Wednesday, or
until such time as we may have a full House.
If the gentleman will not consent to that, 1 shall
move to defer the consideration thereof until the
8th or 10th of June.
Mr. WASHBURN. I cannot consent to have
the consideration of the subject postponed to that
time. I think that this caseoughtto bedisposed
of next week, because, if it is not then considered
and decided, the probability is that it cannot be
disposed of until the first of "July, and that would
be postponing it an unreasonable length of time.
If gentlemen opposite are going to absent them-
selves next week, every one of them will proba-
bly pair otF with some gentlemen upon this side
of the House; and so, during the time of the Phil-
adelphia convention, members who attend that
will probably pair oft' with gentlemen upon the
other side of the House. I think that next week
will be as good a time to dispose of this matterae
any, and that there will be as full a House or
Tucsday or Wednesday next, as there will be
for six weeks to come.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to say to thr-
gentleman from Maine, what is known to him
and to this House, that a convention of one of
the parties, having a considerable number here,
will meet week after next, and that a convention
of another party will meet at a subsequent period
of time. 1 suppose many members want to at-
tend each of these conventions. I will state to
him, as one of the members of this House, that
there will be no disposition upon my part, or on
the part of Mr. Allen or any of his friends, to force
a vote at any time when there is not a full House.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to ask a question of
the gentleman from Illinois. There has been
considerable delay already in the presentation of
this case, and it may be a matter of importance
that the House should understand how that delay
has arisen. I desire to know of the gentleman
from Illinois, and if he cannot inform me, then
of the gentleman from Maine, by whose fault
has the delay in the prosecution of this contest
already arisen? Has it not been because the
contestant has not complied with the law of the
land in giving notice of contest, and in preparing
testimony, and because the Committee of Elec-
tions has" extended indulgences to the contestant
which he was not entitled to ?
Mr. WASHBURN. With permission of the
gentleman from Illinois, I will answer the gen-
tleman from Virginia with great pleasure. In the
view of the committee, the contestant did com-
ply with the law, as the gentleman will perceive
by referring to the committee's report; but it was
believed by the committee, and it was supposed
by them, that it was according to the desire of the
sitting member, as the case stood before the com-
mittee, that it was due to the parties,and accept-
able to both parties, that there should be an
opportunity to take this testimony when both
