2162
and for other purposes. I desire to have it put
upon lis passage. ....
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from New York, whether this
is the bill to reform the judiciary ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES. Well, I think that that is a bill
•which ought to be passed.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
up for consideration; the question being on
ordering it to be read a third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. X call the previous question.
Mr. WALKER. Is it in order to move an
amendment'
The SPEAKER. It is not m order pending
the call for the previous question.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to allow four dollars per day to bailiffs ap-
pointed for the circuit court of this District. Mr.
Carlisle recommends that per diem.
Mr. SIMMONS. I will not admit the amend-
ment." This bill is to stop depredations on the
Treasury.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know whether the
gentleman from New ork has submitted^ the
ame ndments agreed upon by the Judicialy Com-
mittee?
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the best way is to
pass the bill as it came from the Senate
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. This bill was yester-
day placid m mv hands by the commute,, to re-
port; and we we're directed to report nsan amend-
ment to strike out a certain section of the bill —
the twelfth I think. It i.s that section of the
bill which repeals the act giving $500 as a com-
pensation to the clerk. I have no objection to the
previous question, with the understanding that
that amendment is in.
The SPEAKER. The House has suspended
tile rules 011 the statement of the Chair, that ibis
bill was to be taken from the Speaker's table. It
appears now, that it was reported trom the .Tudi- ^
ciary Committee, and that an amendment was re- ii
ported to the bill. il
Mr. SIMMONS. There, is no amendment pro- l!
posed by the Judiciary Committeee. j
Mr. II. .MARSHALL. I say there is an |]
amendment. , , I
The SiM'.A KER. Is it reported by the Judici- j
tiry Committeep 1
Mr. SIMMONS. It is a bill sent here from
the Senate, and my motion wni to take il limn
the S|>. aker's table and aet, upon it It Ins not
been before the Judiciary Commit tee of t lie J louse,
except minimally. I took a copy of it for want
of being able to have it referred.
The SPEAKER. The rules have been sus-
pended, that the bill might he taken from the
Speakei 'a table and considered at this time; and 1
the mam question lias been oidered. .
Mr. It. MARSHALL. It is due to myself
and to Ihe members of the Judiciary Committee, ,
that 1 should male a statement of the action of
that enmmitiee. The subject-matter of this hill
was before our committee.
Mr. STANTON. Is this question debatable?
Was not the previous question demanded ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Simmons] demanded the previous
question, and it has b< en oulered by the Home,
and debate is not 111 order, except by unanimous
consent.
."Mr. STANTON. I object. T never zol the
opportumlv of making statements when the pre-
vious question is pending.
Mr. OOOtt, of Alabama. I move to reeonskh r
the vote by which the mam question was oulered,
for tii'1 jilirpose of having a statement made jn
ivfrivnee to this bill.
The motion to reconsider was not agreed to.
The bill was oidered 10 a thud reading; and
was uc< 'iidin^ly lead the third time.
Mr. SIMMONS demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the pa^-ap of the bill.
Mr U \i \ ItttHALL. I now desire to say a
"woid in ft f< renee to the action of the Committee
on the Judiciary on this bill.
Mr. &T ANTON. Has not the previous ques-
tion demanded upon the passage of the bill,
and is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, ex-
cept by general consent.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
Mr. STANTON. I object.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider 011 the table; which lat-
ter motion was agreed to.
kansas boundary survey.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report a bill from the Committee
of Ways and Means, making ,ui appropriation
for the'survey of the southern boundary of Kan-
sas Territory. It is a.bill making an appropriation
of $34,500 to carry out the existing legislation of
the country.
No objection was made; and the bill was re-
ported to the House, and without reading, carried
through its several stages, and.fmally passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was parsed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which lat-
; ter motion was agreed to.
i mail steamer appropriation bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
I rules bo suspended, and that the House resolve
i itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
' of the Union, for the purpose of taking up the mail
steamer appropriation bill, but before doing so,
1 move the usual resolution terminating debate
on that bill 111 live minutes after the committee
proceeds to the consideration of the same.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I no w ask for a vote upon
my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and
the House resolved itself 11110 the Committee of
the Whole 011 the state of the Union, (Mr. Mace
111 the chair.)
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that the bill of the
House (No. 31fi1 making appropriations for the
transportation of'the United States mail by ocean
steamers, and otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1857, be now taken up
for consideration.
i The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mi. CAMPBELL, by unanimous
I consent, the lii'st leading ol the bill was dispensed
I wiih, and the bill was read by paiagraphs for
j amendment.
1 Mr. NORTON. I move an amendment to the
j bill, to come 111 after Ihe second paragraph,
j M,. G I! Els\- WOOD. General debate on this
bill Ims bum limited 10 live minutes, and 1 hope
that t he geiilli 111,111 from Illinois will not press his
aniendmeii! at llus time.
Mr. NORTON. The gentleman can take the
floor 011 my amendment.
Mr. g IIEENWOOD. Under the rules, if I
spi ak 10 ihe gentleman 's> amendment, my remarks
most be 1 uiiliued to the amendment. 1 wish to
oei apy the ihe ininutesallowed forgeneral debate.
If the "entleinau yields the floor to me, he can get
the lioor again In move I11.S amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The five minutes forgen-
eial debate have expired.
ill. GREENWOOD. 1 wish to occupy the
five minutes in expressing my contempt and dis-
gust at the maimer 111 which the floor has been
Vanned out and business transacted 111 this House
(luung Its piexent session.
Mr. jN'OUTO.N*. 1 have sent my amendment
, to the Clerk, and I ask that it be read.
! The amendment was read, as follows:
i I'rorvle.l. That tlu-l'o-tuiu-tei Uenetnl is hereby author-
ised and dtteeted. mi liehl.lt i.l the Hovel leneilt ol the I'm-
r led l".|ale~. to en!' I HIM .1 corneal wall t 'em elms \ ander-
btlt.ot \'e.v Soil, lei ilte nan-port, mini ollhe mail?- ot ihe
: I'nited Sinus nuee a nininh between New "Soik and
i Southampton, bit tin; tenli heieinatl'-r piovtded lot : Ihe
I couipeii-auou to lite s-.miic to lie ,«IG.6-(> fot ouch round
iiiji p, oi-nted fuilh'-r. 'I'll.it the -.aid t'omclnn Vandeihiit
-hail ptovtde -teatti-liip-' lor stud mail ^eivice ol the his
ehi—, and to pa*1- tin' tn-poetion ol' Ihe pmpeiiy aiithou/.rd
nepeeioi- appointed i.  tli.it putpn-r, uttb suitable mail
tie keepnisot mad niattei . Fronted fmthcr,
tai\ ol the \avy i* beietiy dtteeted to tnve
.Mild III till euoti of the aet. entitled
>p!\ di In lencte.-. lit tile tippropitation- foi Ihe
-enn eot lie It-e.ii m :n ending the :ft)ni o1 Jnne. isfr2,"ap-
ptov. d llte -M-t ol Jui\ : in teimnutelbe .lll.lllL'enieiit.-
toi the udiaaim.e abi.'.niee tor the ?iun-poilatton ol' the
Tinted Salter mm! b"iv een Nel\ S ork and favel pool, in
the Collin- line ol i-te.nners. a* therein provided: Prondal
fHither, Thai the cona.ea herein provided tor shall go into
operation &ix mor.ths from the passage of this act, anu shall
terminate on the 27th day of April, 1P60: Provided further,
That the bind Vandctbilt may eoinmenee said service on
the passage and appioval of tin- act; anil for compensation
therefor, for the fii'-l. six months he shall receive a sum
equal to the amount of postages for miul matter earned
duurig said fix months.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I raise the question of
order, that the amendment is not in order to an
appropriation bill, for the reason that it is inde-
pendent legislation. /
Mr. .NORTON. In order that the'point of
order may be understood, I wish to„say 
Mr. TRIPPE. The decision of the Chair yes-
terday certainly covers this question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no hesi-
tation in deciding that the amendment is entirely
irrelevant to the bill, and in every aspect out of
order. . .
Mr. NORTON. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and wish to make one or two remarks
upon it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Debate is not m
order, and I insist upon an enforcement of the
Mr. NORTON. I submit to the Chair whether
I have not a right, upon an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, to state the point upon which
I rely as showing that this amendment is proper
and relevant to the bill reported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I rise
to a question of order. I object to any debate
upon the appeal.
Mr. NORTON. I merely wish to state the
provisions ot' the amendment, to show that they
aie proper to this portion of the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The remarks of the gen-
tleman from Illinois arc not strictly in order, but
the Chair hopes that the gentleman will be per-
mitted to proceed for live minutes.
Mr. NORTON. The portion of the bill to
which I have offered my amendment appropriates
S819,500 for the transportation of the mails by
the Collins line of steamer3 from New York to
Liverpool.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.
The CHAIRMAN. If the question is insisted
on, the Chair must decide that the remarks are
not in order.
Mr. NORTON. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair as to the regularity of the
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The first paragraph of
the bill which makes an appropriation for trans-
porting the mail from New York to Liverpool
having been read, the gentleman from Illinois
offered an amendment establishing a new line of
loom- lot
' Tlu' tlie
tile antic
An .u-t
Olll'H'll £111 lowuuui'"^
steamers between New York and Southampton.
The Clmir decides that the amendment is foreign
to the bill, and therefore out of order. From that
decision the gentleman from Illinois takes an
appeal.
Mr. NORTON. One word in regard to the
manner m which the Chair states the point of
Older. The Chair states that I offered an amend-
ment as an independent proposition for all inde-
pendent line between New York and England.
My amendment not only includes that, but it also
provides for giving notice to the Collins line, for
which the appropriation in this bill is made, to
terminate the contract at the expiration of six
months.
Mr. TRIPPE. I wish to make a suggestion
upon this subject. There ought to be some kind
of consistency in the decisions of the Chair,
and the decisions of the House upon appeals
taken from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I sub-
mit that this debate is out of order.
Mr. TRIPPE. I ask if it is not in order .o
make a suggestion or argument upon the point
of order? . . .
The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the appeal is
not in order. • -
Mr. NORTON. I hope tliat the decision ot
the Chair will not be sustained, that I may h.-.v?
an opportunity to explain my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, ^ ton '
the decision of the Chair stand as the jucgri.-^
of the House?"
The question was taken; and it was decideu m
the affirmative.
