1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&M
If a person impeached is found guilty by the
Senate of the United States, and the Senate, in
pronouncing its judgment on him, uses the lan-
guage of the Constitution, and declares him there-
after ineligible to hold any office of honor, profit,
or trust under the United States, is not there a
disqualification or disability attached, and at-
tached by the force of the Constitution itself?
Again, the Constitution of the United States,
in the last clause which I have read, provides for
indictment and trial by jury for the same offense;
. and in 1790 the Congress of the United States
passed " An act for the punishment of certain
crimes against the United States," one section of
which I will read:
" And be it enacted, That if any person shall, dircctly or
indheetly, give any sum or sums of money, or any other
bribe, present or rewaid, or any promise, contract, obliga-
tion or secuiity. tor the payment or delivery of any money,
present or reward, or any other thing to obtain or procure
the opinion, judgment, ordccree of anyjud.se or judges of
the United States, in any suit, controversy, matter, or cause
depending before liim or them, and shall be thereof con-
victed, such person or persons so giving, promising, con-
tracting, or secut lug to be given, paid 01 dehveied any sum
or sum's of money, present, reward, 01 othei bube, as "afore-
said, and the judge 01 judges who shall iu any wise accept
or receive the same, on conviction theieof shall be fined
and imprisoned at the dtscietion of the comt, and shall
foiever be disqualified to hold any office of honor, trust, or
piofit under the United State*."
Well, sir, if an individual coming within these
provisions should bo elected by the Legislature
of a State, and sent here as a Senator, could the
Senate try his right to a scat under the clause
to which gentlemen on the other side have re-
ferred as fixing the qualifications—all the qualifi-
cations and all the disqualifications of a Senator;
or would they, in the two cases to which I have
alluded, be bound to refer first to the judgment
of the Senate in the case of impeachment, next
to the judgment of the court in the case of
bribery, and see if, by the judgment in either
case, a disability was not fixed—legally and con-
stitutionally fixed? I am aware that oil this
branch of my argument a criticism maybe made.
I shall not stop to consider it now, but if it
shall be made I shall undertake hereafter to an-
swer it. It may be contended, perhaps, that the
office of Senator docs not come witnin the de-
scription of " any office of honor, trust, or profit
under the United States." If that ground shall
be assumed I shall undertake to prove that it
does come within that designation; but for the
present I shall confine my argument to my view
of the language.
Mr. FESSENDEN". _ Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me at this point to ask him a question ?
That, I understand, is a law of the United States
from which the Senator has read?
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr, FESSENDEN. I wish to ask him
whether, in his judgment, the Congress of the
United States can pass any law as to the qualifi-
cations of the members of the Senate, which
would be binding on the Senate itself, other than
those found in the Constitution?
Mr. STUART. In the consideration of this
question, all these suggestions have occurred to
my own mind; and in conversation with gentle-
men they have frequently been propounded to me;
but the Senator's question is founded on the as-
sumption that those who maintain the right of this
gentleman to the seat are right; that is to say, that
the clause of the Constitution fixes all the qualifi-
cations and disqualifications of a Senator, and
that therefore there is 110 inquiry beyond it. 1 am
now seeking to prove that it does not; and I was
about to say that, if it did, its provisions were
alike binding on Congress and on the States.
If it does not fix all these qualifications and dis-
qualifications, Congress by law has a right to add
others; the States have a right to add others, *so
that they do not touch those already prescribed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator mis-
understood me. My question was not with ref-
erence to the States, but whether Congress could
pass any law in regard to the qualifications of
members of the Senate, (other than those which
are mentioned in the Constitution itself,) which
would be conclusive upon the Senate with refer-
ence to the admission of a member to a seat here;
in other words, can they control that provision
which makes the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, respectively, the judges of the elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of their own
members ?
Mr. STUART. I understand the question
of the honorable Senator, and I have no doubt
that the provision of the Constitution to whioh
he refers, conferring on each House the right to
judge of the qualifications of its own members is
a constitutional provision, making it incumbent
on the Senate and the House of Representatives,
to exercise their authority under it according to
the Constitution and the constitutional laws of
the country. They cannot exercise itarbitrarily.
When the Constitution of the United States con-
fers on the Senate the power to determine the
qualifications of its own members, it seems tome
to be a monstrous doctrine to hold that that de-
termination rests entirely with their pleasure. If
that doctrine were to prevail, we might have a
body made up to suit the pleasure of those who
were in the Senate at the time, utterly regardless
of the Constitution of the United States and of
everything else. That doctrine, I apprehend, can-
not 6e maintained for a moment.
Now, Mr. President, have I not proceeded far
enough in the argument to prove that the clause
of the Constitution relied upon does not give,
and does not assume to give, all the qualifications
and disqualifications of a Senator ? If that be the
case, the inquiry is, whether there is anything
else in the Constitution of the United States
which prohibits the States from adding disabil-
ities r Before I touch that subject in terms, let
me say that I concede it is not in the power of
the States, or of Congress, to add to, or subtract
anytlnngfrom, those express qualifications which
are named in the article which I first read. It is
not competent for them to say that a Senator
shall have been a citizen of the United States for
ten years; it is not competent to say that he shall
be tliirty-five years of age; it is not competent to
say that he shall have been an inhabitant of the
vState for sixty days. So far as this branch of
the Constitution acts upon the subject, its action
is conclusive, and covers the whole ground; but
I repeat, it docs not touch, and it does not as-
sume to touch, other qualifications. The con-
stitution of the State of Illinois, in the clause
which is under our consideration, docs not under-
take to add a qualification for a Senator; but it
undertakes to fix a disability, and to say that a
person who holds the office of a judge in that
State shall not be eligible, on that account, to be
elected a United States Senator. I have shown
that the Constitution of the United States itself
has affixed some disabilities by declaring that no
man shall be a Senator who holds any office
under the United States. That is a disability.
Mr. FOOT. Let me ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan if that is a disability as to
the election ? Does it go to the eligibility of a
party, or only to the fact of his holding two offices
at once ?
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, the language of
the Constitution in that respect determines itself
by declaring that he shall n ot be a member while he
holds the office jand it is competent, undoubtedly,
in that case to resign the office. There is no question
about that. I do not use the illustration for that
purpose, as the honorable Senator from Vermont
will see. I only use it to prove that there may
be constitutional disabilities outside of the clause
prescribing certain qualifications.
I confess, sir, that the little consultation which
I have had on this subject has served to convince
me that the first impression on the mind of almost
every man is in favor of the right of the sitting
member to his seat. To show how such impres-
sions are obtained, let me read from a letter of
Mr. Jefferson, in reply to one from Mr. Cabell,
upon the question of whether the States can affix
other qualifications or disqualifications to a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives? What
docs he say? I will not read the whole of the
letter, but i will read a portion of it:
" You a«k my opinion on the question, whether the
States can add any qualifications to those which the Con-
stitution has pre^ubed for thwr members of Congress r It
is aquation 1 had never befoie icfiected 011; yet had taken
up an off-hand opinion, agreeing with your first, that they
could not; that to add new qualifications to those of the
Constitution would be as much au aUeiation as to detract
ftom them. And so I think the House of Kepresentatives
of Confess decidedln some case—1 believe that of a mem-
ber from Baltimore. I>ut your letter having induced me to
look into the Constitution, and to consider 'the question a
little, I am again m yotu predicament, of doubting the cor-
rectness ot my first opinion. Had the Constitution been
silent, nobody can doubt but that the right to prescribe all
the qualification* and disqualifications of those they would
send to represent them, would have belonged to the State.
So also the Constitution might have proscribed the whole,
and excluded ail others. It seems to have preferred die
middle way. It has exercised the poTyerin part, by declar-
ing some disqualifications, to wit, those of not being twen-
ty-five years of age, of not having been a citizen seven
years, and of not being an inhabitant of the State at the
time of election. But it does not declare, itself, that the
member shall not be a lunatic, a pauper, a convict of trea-
son, of murder, of felony, or other infamous crime, or non-
resident of his district."
Senators will remember that the language of tho
Constitution in respcct to residence is the same
botli as to Senators and Representatives. The
provision simply is, that they shall be inhabitants
of the State. Mr. Jefferson continues:
" Nor does it piohibit to the State the power of declaring
these 01 any other disqualifications which its particular cir-
cumstances may call for; and these may be different m dif-
ferent States. Of course, then, by the tenth amendment,
the power is reserved to the State. If, wheiever the Con-
stitution assumes a single powei out of many which belong
to the same subject, we should consider it as assuming the
whole, it would vest the General Government with a mass
of powers never contemplated. On the contrary, the as-
sumption of particular powers seem* an exclusion of alt
not assumed. This reasoning appear.-? to me to be sound ;
but on so recent a change of view, caution requires us not
to be too confident, and that we admit tins to be one of the
doubtful questions on which honest men may diffei with
the purest motives; and the more readily, as we find we
have differed from ourselves 011 it."
Mr. Cabell's letter to him had stated his first
impression to be that the States did not possess
this power; but on more mature examination he
came to a different conclusion. Mr. Jefferson re-
plies by saying that he had at first entertained
the same conclusion as that originally arrived at
by Mr. Cabell; but on more mature considera-
tion he had come to the conclusions which I have
just read. Now, it is not strange that men of the
present day, at the first blush of this question,
should entertain the opinion that the Constitu-
tion of the United States assumed to cover the
whole ground, and, having so assumed, nothing
could be subtracted or added. But such, I ap-
prehend, will be found not to be the case. I think
it will be found that Mr. Jefferson is corrcctwhen
he says that the Constitution seems to have
adopted the middle way, to have described some
qualifications and some disqualifications, and to
have left to the States the describing and fixing
of others.
I beg the indulgence of the Senate while I refer
to Mr. Justice Story's comments on this letter;
and I must of course preface what I have to say
of his declaration, by stating that I have the
most profound respect for his authority. It is
not a little remarkable that Mr. Justice Story, in
commenting on this letter, should say unqualifi-
edly that Mr. Jefferson was mistaken in that part
of the letter in which he said that, by the tenth
amendment, power was reserved to the States in
this particular. Why? Because Mr. Justice
Story says there was nothing to be reserved: it
is only by the erection of the Constitution of the
United States that the power arises; and, in the
absence of the framing of the Constitution of the
United States, there would be nothing to reserve.
Is that so? Take the very case before us. Prior
to the Constitution of the United States, did not
each State in the Union hold the sole power to
inflict disabilities 011 its judges? Will anybody
deny that? Will anybody deny to-day that the
constitution of the State of Illinois is not of full
force in regard to every State office ? Why, sir,
it will not be questioned for a moment. Then, 1
say, with great respect for the learned commen-
tator—and I certainly would not say it other-
wise—that it seems to me that in th\3 regard he
fell into a slight error, and that Mr. Jefferson
was not mistaken. Of course he did not under-
take to define all the qualifications or disqualifi-
cations, but he said that some of them belonged
to the States by the express power reserved. In
this opinion, 1 submit, he was correct.
Now, Mr. President, unless the Senate of the
( United States shall afford relief to the State of
I Illinois in this case—if she be entitled to that
j relief—she is entirely remediless. This body is
! the only power on earth which can decide so as to
| enforce her constitution in this respect. There
| is no authority under the constitution of the
: State to enforce it. If the people of that State
shall be of opinion that the members of the Legis-
lature have violated their constitution, and have
thus forfeited all right to future respectfrorn them,
it still does not affect this election. They have
j voted for this person; he has taken his seat; he
