1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1289
parties could be present to examine witnesses.
And after the testimony was returned here, I
had the testimony placed in the hands of Mr.
Allen, that lie might examine it, and make thereon
■whatever remarks and suggestions he desired,
and then in the hands of Mr. Archer, for the same
purpose. A meeting of the committee was called
at the earliest possible day in order that the reports
might be made, and in order that this case might
be "determined before these conventions, and tnat
these objections might not be made; and if the
friends of the sitting member had been as ready
as the friends of the contestant were, the report
might have been made last Monday, and have been
already disposed of; it is not the fault of the con-
testant, or the fault of the majority of the com-
mittee, that this case has not been disposed of
before the present time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to say on behalf
of the sitting member that it was by no arrange-
ment of his, or consent upon his part, that there
was delay.
I wish to say another thing. The gentleman
from Maine is aware that he was not ready to
proceed with this case in the committee, after the
return of the testimony, until a member of that
committee returned from Ohio.
Mr. WASHBURN. If I understood the gen-
tleman from Illinois, I think he is mistaken; 1 am
not aware that any postponement has taken place
in this case to await for the return of any member
from Ohio.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I have been mis-
informed.
The SPEAKER. It is hardly in order for gen-
tlemen to allude to proceedings m the committee
not reported on.
Mr. WASHBURN. I presume the gentleman
has reference to the Nebraska contested-election
case, and that was postponed at the request of the
sitting Delegate.
Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir; I had no ref-
erence to any case except the one now before us.
But, sir, I will notdiscuss that question; I merely
alluded to what I supposed was a fact. Without
returning to the point to which I was speaking,
I will merely say that what we desire is a full
House when this question is decided. I can as-
sure gentlemen that there will be no disposition
upon the part of the sitting member or his friends
to press a vote when the other side of the House
is not full.
Mr. STEPHENS. I desire to make one sug-
gestion. It is competent, I apprehend, at this
time, for the House to fix a day for taking up this
case. The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Wash-
burn] has indicated his purpose to call it up on
next Wednesday. I think it would be better for
the House to fix a day, and I move, therefore, to
postpone the further consideration of the subject
until next Wednesday two weeks.
I will remark, in reply to the gentleman from
Maine, in reference to the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, that the House should not
be thin when the question comes up for consider-
ation—that it will not answer to say that gentle-
men may pair off. I should hope that,"upon a
question of this kind just now reported, the re-
ports upon which have not been printed, nor even
read at the Clerk's desk, gentlemen have formed
no opinion. 1 hope that there will be a full
House when this question comes up for decision,
and that all sides of the House will hear and de-
termine the case upon its merits.
One word in reply to the remark of the gentle-
man from Maine, that this report would have
been made at an earlier day if the friends of Mr.
Allen had been ready. I know that it is not
proper to refer to proceedings in committee which
have not been reported, but the gentleman has
alluded to a fact in reference to such proceedings
in which I think ho was certainly mistaken. The
majority report, I think, was not seen in com-
mittee until yesterday, when, perhaps, except for
other business, it would have been reported. I
thiak, therefore, that the gentleman was certainly
mistaken in his statement, that but for the fact
that the friends of Mr. Allen were not ready the
report would have been made at an earlier day.
Mr. WASHBURN. In reply to the gentleman
from Georgia I will state that some time last week
it was understood, 1 believe, in committee, that
the gentleman from Georgia had arrived at one
conclusion, and I had arrived at another. I sup-
posed, then, that it was understood between us
that each should prepare a report, and submit it
to the committee on Monday last. I had mine
ready on Monday last, or nearly so, and should
have submitted it to the committee if the gentle-
man from Georgia had been ready to submit his;
and it was supposed—by me, at least—that but
for this fact the two reports would have been pre-
sented to the committee on that day, the majority
would have adopted one of them, and the case
would have been reported to the House on that
day. I suggested, therefore, tha'tas a reason why
the report had not been made until to-day.
One word in reference to the time which has
been suggested by the gentleman from Georgia
for the postponement of this subject. The gen-
tleman objects to next week, because gentlemen
on the other side of the House may be absent at
that time, attending the Cincinnati convention.
Now, sir, the time named by the gentleman will
be only the week before the meeting of the Phil-
adelphia convention, and the same objection will
apply to members on this side of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS. My recollection is, that
on last Monday I called on the gentleman from
Maine to make his report, and he stated that he
was not ready.
But, sir, in reply to the other matter, as to the
time for postponing this report, I objected to
postponing this matter until Wednesday of next
week, because of the Cincinnati convention, and
I suggested Wednesday two weeks. I was not
aware of the sitting of any convention that week.
Mr. WASHBURN. 1 stated that it was the
week before the Philadelphia convention.
[A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States, by Sidney
Webster, his Private Secretory.]
Mr. STEPHENS. AVell, sir, 1 suggested that
day with the view that this question, which has
already been postponed until a late period in the
session, might be settled at as early a moment as
possible. I will, however, move that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed until
the 23d day of June. That will be after the Phil-
adelphia convention, and there may then be a full
i House to decide the question.
Mr. GROW. The House has set apart the
week commencing with the fourth Monday in
June, which I think is the 23d, for the consider-
ation of territorial business.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I will say the first
Monday in July.
The SPEAKER. Tlie motion- to postpone
cannot be entertained under the rules, while a
motion to lay on the table is pending.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I hope the House
will understand what is the effect of this motion
i to lay on the table. I ask the Chair to state
I whether, if the motion be carried, a motion to
1 postpone can be made ?
The SPEAKER. The motion would not be
in order.
Mr. COBEf. Then if my colleague [Mr. Ste-
phens] insists upon his motion, I hope tly  mo-
tion to lay on the table will be voted down. I
rose, thinking that my colleague, under the impres-
sion that he could submit his motion afterwards,
was about to allow the motion to lay on the table
to pass nem. con.
Mr. STEPHENS. I was under the impres-
sion that the first motion in order was that to
print.
Mr. COBB. I hope the gentleman from Maine
will withdraw his motion to lay on the table, and
allow the matter to be postponed until some day
certain. Besides, sir, I am not at all certain
that, if the matter is now laid upon the table, ho
will not find some difficulty in getting it again
before the House. Under the practice of the
House bills and resolutions, once laid upon the
table, are considered as finally disposed of. I do
not wish the House to be entrapped; I wish that
the report may be placed in a position where it
may come up at some early day. I hope, there-
fore, thatthe gentleman from Maine will withdraw
his motion to lay on the table, and that the motion
of my colleague to postpone to some day certain
will prevail. You may lay a privileged question
on the table as well as any other question, and
there it may rest forever.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes, and
has so ruled heretofore, that a privileged question
when laid upon the table can be tailed up.
Mr- WASHBURN. I will make a suggestion
which will, I think, be satisfactory to all sides,
and that is, that this subject be postponed until
the 9th or 10th of June next; that date will be
between the times of meeting of the two conven-
tions which have been referred to.
Mr. STEPHENS. I agree to what is pro-
posed. The repor's and testimony in the case
will of course be ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURN. Certainly. I withdraw
the motion to lay on the table, and now move-
that this subject be postponed until the 9th day
of June next, and that the reports and accom-
panying evidence be ordered to be printed. It is-
to bo understood, that if on the day fixed there is
an agreement of the Committee of Elections that
the subject be still further postponed, there will
be no objection to the postponement.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There will, I am sure,
be no disposition to press the matter to a vote
unless in a full House.
Mr. Washburn's motion was then agreed to,
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbbry Dickin's, their Secretary, informing ths
House that the Senate had passed bills and a res-
olution of the following titles; in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No.904) to fix the graduation periods
for lands in the Greensburg district, in the State
of Louisiana;
An act (S. No. 261) granting bounty land to
Jared L. Elliott; _
_ Anact(S.No.288)togranttherightofpreemp-
tion in certain lands to the Indiana Yearly Meet-
ing of the Society of Friends;
An act (S. No. 328) for the relief of James
Nugent; and
A resolution (S. No. 12) allowing Dr. E. K 
Kane, and the officers associated with him in their
late expedition to the Arctic seas in search of
Sir John Franklin, to accept such tokens of
acknowledgment from the Government of Great
Britain as it may please to present.
ASSAULT ON SENATOR SUMNER.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I submit the resolution wliicli
I send to the Clerk's desk, and on its adoption X
call for the previous question.
Mr. CLINGM AN. I object to the resolution
until I know what it is.
The SPEAKER. The question will not be
put on the call for the previous question until the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio has been
read to the House.
The Clerk read the proposition, as follows:
on the 22d day of .May, 18o5, Hon. Preston S.
Brooks and Hon. Lawrence M. Kgitt, members of tills
House from the State of South Caiolmn, and other mem-
bers, cither as pnncipais or accessories, perpetrated a
violent assault on the person of the Hon. Charles Sumner,
a Senator of the United States fiom the State of Massa-
chusetts, whilst remaining in bis seat in tlie Senate Cham-
ber, m the ppiTorinanee of the duties pertaining to his offi-
cial station: Therefore,
Resolved, That a select committee of five be appointed
by the Speaker to nive-ti.iate the subject, and to report the
facts, with such resolutions in reference thereto as, in their
judgments, may be proper and necessary for the vindication
of the character of tliis House ; and that said committee have
power to send for p?r*nns and pipeis, and to employ a
clerk; also to sit riming the sessions of the House.
Mr. BROOKS sought to obtain the floor imme-
diately the resolution was read, but, at the request
of those around him, he took his seat without
effecting his object.
Mr. CLING'MAN. I object to the considera-
tion of the resolution as out of order at this time,
and I refer the Chair to a decision of the House,
made only a week since, in a similar case. I
ask the Speaker to decide whether the principle
then settled by the House, on a vote of yeas and
nays, docs not govern this case, and necessarily
cxcludc the resolution from the consideration of
the House? I make the point; and I ask that
the Chair decide on it before there is discussion
of the resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suggest to the
gentleman not to interfere with his question of
order; but in behalf of the gentlemen who are
alluded to in the resolution, I suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio who offered the resolution the
propriety of modifying it by striking out the, pre-
amble altogether. That preamble assumes a cer-
tain state of facts which cannot be known until
the proposed examination has taken place.
