1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2168
I
So the decision of the Clmir was sustained,
and the amendment ruled out of order.
Mr. NORTON. I ofter the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end. of the paragraph
making the appropriation for the transportation
of tin- mc.il from Nov/ York to Liverpool:
Provirleth That the Secretary of the Nuvv is hereby
directed to £tve the notice provided m the fust section or
the act entitled "An act to supply deficiencies lit the
appiop cu:i)ii- for the service of the (Ideal jear ending the
30th of June, 1852,,1 approved July 21, 1&V2, to terminate
the a' lai'gement for the additional allowance for the trans
:>oit.uiou u! the United States mail between New York and
pool, in the Collins line of btcaniens, as therein pro-
vided.
I suppose there is no question as to the pro-
priety and regularity of this amendment. 1 de-
sire to say to the committee, that the proposition
1 first offered as an amendment to this bill was
one which I was instructed by the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads to offer as an in-
dependent proposition in a separate bill. I have
been endeavoring assiduously to get an opportu-
nity to report it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I raise the same
point of order upon this amendmentas 1 did upon
the other.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and rules the amendment out of
order.
Mr. NORTON. I desire to make one sugges-
tion 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) Does the
gentleman appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. NORTON. I do take an appeal. I want
to know what the decision is.
The CHAIRMAN, stated the question to be,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
Mr. GOODE. Desiring to vote understand-
ing^, I want to know whether the ruling of the
Chair is on the ground, that the amendment
changes any existing law? No law is proposed
to be changed by it.
Mr. AVAS III J U R N, of Maine. I call the gen-
tleman to order.
Mr. GOODE. I am in order, sir. I have a
right to kiiow on what ground the decision is
made.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Maine, and the gentleman from Virginia will both
come to order.
Mr. GOODE. I am asking a question respect-
fully of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. And the Chair will reply
to it respectfully.
Mr. GOODE. I ask the Chair to tell mo in
what respect this amendment changes the law ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will answer
the gentleman very respectfully if he takes his
seat.
Mr. GOODE. Well, sir; I bow to the law—
not to its officer.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
proposition to be out of order, because it is not
germane to the bill. If it does not repeal existing
law, it renders it inoperative.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that if the Chair-
man is to argue the question, he will be willing to
hear argument on the other side.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 call for tellers on the ap-
peal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Piielps and
Safp were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 60, noes 71.
So the decision of the Chair was reversed, and
the amendment held to be in order.
Mr. NORTON. The portion of the bill which
1 propose to amend contains an appropriation of
$819,000 to the Collins line of steamers, as com-
pensation for services to be performed by them
in carrying the mails between the United States
and Liverpool dimng the present fiscal year.
It may be known to this committee, that in
3846 Coilius submitted to the Secretary of the
Navy a proposition on the subject. In 1847 Con-
gress passed an act authorizing the Secretary to
entt i into a contract with him for carrying the
mails of the United States from New York to
Liverpool for the sum of §19,000 per round trip,
and that such contract was made under the law.
In 184^, Collins & Co., having found that they
could not get ready to commence the service m
accordance with the contract, asked and obtained
from Congress an act extending the time at which
the contract was to go into operation.
In April, 1850, they commenced carrying the
mails under their contract, and continued to do
so for about two yea>'s.
In 185*2 they represented to Congress thntthey
were losing money und^r th^r contract; and an
act was passed increasing the number of trips
yearly from twenty-four to twenty-six; and also
increasing the compensation from $19,000 to
$33,000 per round tup—or $14,000 per trip, and
$260,000 per year. This increased compensation,
however, was granted upon the express condi-
tion, stated in the act, that Congress might, at
any time after the expiration of two yeais, term-
inate this extra allowance by giving six months'
notice to the parties.
Under this arrangement, sir, we have been going
on now for over four years. Nearly five will
have expired before the notice will take eifect,if
we give it now; and the Collins line will have
been the recipients of more than $1,800,000 of
extra allowance over and above their original
contract.
Now, sir, we have propositions, from responsi-
ble sources, to perform the same amount of ser-
vice, in vessels equal m every respect to those of
Collins, for $16,680 the round trip. This is the
same amount paid by the English Government
to the Cunarders.
The proposition which I sent up a few mo-
ments ago, and which was ruled not to be in
order upon this bill, contained the notice to Col-
lins which I now propose. H also authorized the
Postmaster General to enter into a contract with
Commodore Vanderbilt for carrying the mails
between New York and Southampton semi-
monthly, for $16,(W0 per round trip, to commence
sixth months after the passage of the act, when
the notice to Collins would take effect, and to
terminate in April, 1860, when the contract with
Collins ceases. Now, sir, that proposition m no
way interfered with the rights of Collins. If he
saw fit to go on under his original contract price
of £,19,000, then Vanderbilt would run alternately
with him, and we would have, double the service
for the same money, with tho additional amount
received from postages by the Vamleihjjt line
If they could nor go on, and throw up their con-
tract, then we would have the same service, with
a saving to the Government of o\ or four hundred
thousand dollars a year.
These facts ought to have ^omo weight in con-
sidering the amendment which L nowotfer. And
what do I propose to do by this amendment?
Do 1 seek to violate or alter any law? Do I seek
to violate any existing contract? No, sir; not at
all. 1 propose simply to give the notice to Col-
lins & Co. required under the law of Congress,
for terminating the extra allowance of ^14,000,
given them by the act of lyfoj, and to bring (hem
back to the terms of their original coniiact of
$19,000 per round trip—an amount considerably
larger than that propose d by Vanderbilt.
1 ask, then, if this Congress will assume the
responsibility of continuing this extra compensa-
tion till 1S60, and pay out of the national Treasury
to the Collins line moie than $1,100,000, which
we are bound to do neither in honor noi justice '
or will pay them simply the $19,001) tho round
trip winch you are und< r obligations to pay, and
which is amply sufficient to compensate them for
the services rendered' Mr. Ohannmn, I would
do no injustice to Collins Co. I would give
them a fair chance on the ocean. 1 would enable
them to compete upon equal terms for the suprem-
acy of the seas with their British rivals. This
is all they ought to ask; and I give them that
chance after the notice shall have been given.
Mr. PHELPS. I oppose the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Norton] lor the
purpose only of explaining mv position on this
question. Tlv ruling of the Chair was correct,
that this amendment was not in order, for it pro-
posed to change existing laws, and ought not to
be sanctioned in appropriation bills.
Mr. GOODE. 1 rise to a question of order.
The gentleman is not opposing the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. PHELPS. Would the gentleman from
Virginia have me oppose that amendment?
Mr. GOODE. No debate is in older except
in opposition to the amendment under considera-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS. Well, sir, I was about to re-
mark, that a portion of the Committee of Ways
and Means, myself among that number, would
be pleased .to see such a provision as that em-
braced in the proposition of the gentleman from
Illinois become a kiw; but if it shall be adopted
by the Committee of the Whole, 1 fear that it
, may endanger the passage of this appropriation
bill, and delay the payment of money which has
been earned and is justly due to the contractors
for carrying the mail to Havre, to Bremen, to
! AspinwalU and from Panama to San Francisco.
; Two years ago, the Committee of Ways and
Means, of which I was then a member, included
in the appropriation bill for the ocean mail
i steamer service a provision requiring the notice
| to be given to the Collins line. In consequence
; of sucii a provision in that bill, that appropriation
; bill was defeated in the Senate; and Collins, as
| well as all the other contractors for carrying the
: mails in ocean steamers, were delayed in their
1 payments, and the appropriation was not made
until the close of the next session of Congress.
Mr. NORTON. I ask the gentleman if he is
; willing to defeat what he considers a fair prop-
: osition for feai it will bo talked to death in the
j Senate ?
j Mr. PHELPS. I reply that I am not; and shall
i vote for the proposition under consideration.
I But I preferred it should be in a bill by itself.
1 The Committee of Ways and Means, under the
rules of the House, and the decision which the
, House made on the deficiency bill, has refrained
' fiom reporting m the appropriation bills any
geneial legislation, however desirable such legis-
1 iation in their opinion might be. This subject-
i matter properly belongs to the Committee on the
J Post Office and Post Roads; and I hoped that
I committee would, ere this, have reported a bill
! to the House directing the notice to be given to
1 Collins, so that the extra compensation given
! him might cease.
! Mr. i\ORTOJN. The Committee on the Post
j Office and Post Roads authonzed me to report as
i a bill that winch was just offered by me as an
! amendmentto the bill. 1 have, for a whole week,
! unsuccessfully striven to get the floor to intro-
i duce it.
■ Mr. PHELPS. I would at any time cheer-
! fully vote to suspend the rules to bring such a
measure before the House. Having brieflygiven
; the reasons why the Committee of Ways and
; Means did not include such a provision in this
; bill, and as the committee has decided the amend-
! ment is in order, J shall give it my support,
i Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to
j strike out "six," and insert "twelve/' so that
I there shall be twelve months'notice. Mr. Chair-
j man, I very well remember when, m 1852, this
1 increase of compensation to the Collins line was
I before the House, it was very generally under-
| stood th$ the ngnt to give notice to the line, in
I pursuance of which this motion is made, would
; only be givjn m case there should be some failure
on the paitof the line to comply w ith its con-
■ tract to faithfully carry the mails; and, therefore,
1 unless there be good evidence to show there i^as
• been a substantial failure to comply with the con-
tract on the part of Mr. Collins, it strikes me
that we ought not to adopt this amendment.
1 have no doubt that my friend from Illinois
oilers the amendment in good faith. Still I must
: think we ought to hesitate seriously before we
'adopt it. It will have alook of had fanh. Itcould
not have been anticipated by the company that
the notice should be given arbitrarily, and without
, just cause. Collins was the pioneer in this enter-
prise. He opened the way, and by the compe-
| tition he cieated with the English hne, he reduced
; the time of making the passage to and from
, Europe some two or three days; which, to the
; great commercialinte rests of this country, is worth
bullions yearly. He enabled our Government
to negotiate a'postal treaty with Great Britain,
whereby the international postages weie reduced,
if 1 remember, to one third of whet they were
before, thus saving hundreds of thousands of
dollars annually to our people; for while England
had the only hne, she could dietatc the rates of
postage, and she did, in effect; but when Collins
established his line, our Government could com-
pel terms of equality. Now, sn, if you will not
interrupt the operations of this line, and will give
i our old competitor for the empire of the seas to
