2164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 15,
understand that our policy is one to which we
mean to stand, you will be able to obtain terms of
equality in regard to mail matter to and from the
continent of Europe passing through Great Brit-
ain, of which the Cunard line has now a prac-
tical monopoly. This done, sir—and you can
compel it when once your policy is understood
to be a settled one—and the postages will, within a
year, exceed the entire sum paid out for carrying the
mail. Then your mail service, by this line, will
not cost the Government a dollar; but the line
will be a source of revenue; and you will hold
your present proud position of mistress of the
seas. AH we need to make this line self-sustain-
ing and more, is a steady policy m regard to it
during the existence of this contract, which will
expire in 1860. By that time the postages will
be adequate to defray all the expenses. Now,
why abandon so noble an enterprise—so honor-
able to the country, and promising results so ad-
vantageous? Abandon this line, and one of two
things will happen; either you will give your old
rival the monopoly of mail-carrying between the
hemispheres—signally surrender the ground you
have so nobly occupied, or you will make con-
tracts with other parties for the same service.
I know there are other parties, who have been
hanging around this Hall from the beginning of
the session, who will press forward, if you aban-
don Collins, to make contracts with the Govern-
ment that will, in the end, 1 greatly fear, cost
more than it will to continue the contract already
made. 1 tlunk that we had better abide by the
contract which wo have with Collins & Co.,—
stand by those who are known to us, and who
have kept their faith and covenants with us—than
seek newengagements with new parties. 1 do not
believe that the Government will save a dollar by
any change it can make, but that it would lose m
the end; nor am I in favor of a policy which con-
tinually invites speculator and blood-suckers
to these Halls to vex us continually with then-
schemes of gam and plunder: for, believe me,
as sure as you give that notice, you will have
propositions for contracts with 'other parties at, it
may be, nominally lower rates, but when speed,
successful competition, and consequently postal
collections, are taken into account—for the post-
ages will depend upon the tune required in making
the passage—you will find that you have gained a
loss.
ISesides, these Collins steamers are war vessels,
built under the direction ol tin- Secretary of the
Navy; and, in case of need, the Government has
a right to take them oil' at an hour's notice, and
employ them for naval purposes. And is this
not the cheapest way of maintaining a navy ?
Mr, HOUSTON. 1 wish to say a word or two
in reply to the gentlemen who have opposed the
amendment of tin; gentleman from Illinois. The
gentleman from Missouri urged that, it was m
conllict with the law. iNow, he mus? recollect
that the amendment only piovides for < arrymg
out existing laws. There is a law upon your
statute-hooks providing for, and authorizing, the
proposed action. The amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois is in strict conformity to law.
And I will remark just here, that the law under
which the Collins Hue is paid the increased—the
large extra compensation, is contained in an
appropriation bill.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman fiom
Maine ts mistaken in the faHs on which he has
descanted; he mistakes almost eseiy fact he has
attempted to state.
Mr. WASHBURN. ( refer to the record.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to be inter-
rupted by the gentleman oi his record. His
record has no existence. He can find nothing
connected with this mciease of compensation to
the Collins line that should be regarded as the
record of our proceedings on the occasion of the
voting of that increase winch justifies his asser-
tion—that establishes the proposition that this
notice was to depend on the failure of Mr. Collins
to execute his contract. Such wo - ihe law be-
fore the extra compensation was given; upon his
failure to comply with his contract the Govern-
ment could annul it. Thoie is no such thing in
the law, as the gentleman now cont< nds for.
I was present at the tim<j the increased compen-
sation was given, and participated m the discus-
sions which preceded it; and 1 think I remember
too well what occurred to allow the gentleman's
statement of facts to pass unnoticed. I have
never heard such a statement on this subject be-
fore. The gentleman is altogether mistaken in
his facts.
Mr. WASHBURN. Read the law.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know the law. I was
here when it was made, and I have since exam-
ined it. It has no such facts in it. Gentlemen
now get up here and resist this proposition to
give notice that at a certain time this increased
—this extra compensation shall cease, while at
the same time a responsible individual proposes
to do this same service for a compensation but
little (if any) exceeding this extra. Will gentle-
men go before the country on the proposition to
give Collins $33,000 for the round trip, when
there is a responsible party offering to do the
same service, and in the same way, for sixteen
thousand and odd dollars the round trip? A prop-
osition so unjust, so monstrous, cannot be de-
fended in any part of the country, much less by
those of the interior, whose coach mail service is
taken from them in order that these steamers may
be kept up.
Mr. WASHBURN, by unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to increase
the time for giving notice three months. Mr.
Chairman, I move the amendment for the purpose
of saying that I am opposed to interference with
this contract, or to giving the notice now pro-
posed. I care not for the economical considera-
tions which gentlemen have presented, and I must
say, that, under all the circumstances of the case,
an interference with tlus contract comes with a
very bad grace from this Government.
in the first place, it is a great deal easier for
men to attempt to interfere and change an existing
system, upon economic considerations, than it
was to become the pioneers m this great enter-
prise. And in the second place, I do not think I
it is right for any Congress to force this notice |
upon a company, knowing, as they do, the fact
that, within the last fifteen months, the Pacific
and the Arctic, two of the ships of that com-
pany, have been sunk in the sea, involving a loss
to the company of a million and a half of dollars.
[AVoick: "They were insured."] I do not know
to what extent they were insured, or whether they
were insured at all. I do not know, 1 never have
known, nor do I care to know, who the Collins
company are. I want to act upon this subject as
I think legislators of a great country ought to act,
and not at an inopportune moment, and solely out
of economic considerations, to vacate a contract,
and thereby involve this company in agreat loss.
Nor do I attach any high consideration to a prop-
osition coming fiom the eily of Nety Yolk, to do
this work lor agieat deal less than it is now done.
We made a contract with this company, and they
have expended large sums of money upon the
faith of that contiact. Tiu-y may begetting more
money than they deserve, but 1 know very well
the considerations which operated upon Congress
m acting upon this subject at the start; and so
far as 1 am concerned, 1 am for taking my share
of the responsibility of carrying nut the contract.
When a Government makes a contract, its faith
should be preseived inviolably; and when the
citizen ceases to feel that it will be so preserved,
the affections of the eitr/.en for his Government
will be alienated. I have notstudied this matter
at all of late y< ars, but if \ye are haung the full
peilormuuee of the contract on the part of the
company, I picfer to carry it out on whatever
terms good faith may seem to require, rather than
lake away a part from these people, only to confer
what is so taken, upon .some other swarm who
may bo trying to settle upon the Government.
You recollect the fable.
Mr. TK1PPE. [ believe there is more involved
in the proposition now before the committee,
than the committee seem to appreciate. 1 giant
I have not given the subject that full considera-
tion which jt demands, and five minutes is a short
time to discuss it. As to the position assumed
by the gentleman fiom Kentucky, who has just
taken his seat, m attempting to twit this House
of going into this important movement upon
economical considerations, I have to say, that the
question of economy is a question of no trivial
importance, and should be duly regarded at all
times. But conceding that not one dollar is saved
by this change—conceding that there is another
swarm of flies equally as hungry as that now
feeding, and ready to take the place of those we
may remove, still that fable of flies would not
apply to this case; for if this notice is given, and
another line takes its place by the side of the
Collins line at $ 10,000 per round trip, there will
be no more money appropriated than is now ap-
! propriated. What is the result if two lines are
established? You will have twice the amount of
service rendered for the same money; and another
result, which comes still nearer home to us in
these times of war and rumors of war, will be
i that you have a Hen upon double the number of
good and magnificent ships, which you can con-
vert into a floating battery for the protection of
the country in case of war. That is an im-
portant and controlling consideration of itself
| There is that feature m the Collins contract which
j gives the Government of the United States a lien  
I upon those ships for public use in case of neces-
' sity. If another line is added, you will have a
j lien upon double the number of ships.
j There is still another consideration. We are
| paying twice what England pays. We have had
: petitions presented to this body by those whose
I competency to fulfill their engagements no one
! doubts, to put this line, and the other tha' may be
i established, upon an equality with the English line,
, and to make them, upon the sea, if not superior m
j number and efficiency, at least more nearly ap-
| proaching equality with that line. And are notour
• owih itizens willing to take the contract upon those
j teims' They tell us they are. And when they take
j it,, you have double the service performed, a double
! lien upon ships for defense when a crisis comes,
| and no more money paid out. Where is the ob-
jection to that, if it is practicable ? And that it
i is, the proposal that has been made, and the
I guarantees offered, satisfactorily prove. Has the
j Collins line a fee-simple title to this business? is
| it so stated in the contract? Some men may so
consider it. }3utwas it so guarantied to Collins?
Did not we reserve this right to give notice of the
termination of the contract whenever Congiess
saw fit and proper to do so ' If we now think
proper to do so, and to establish anothorlino upon
pieeisely the same basis upon which the present
company will then stand, is it any injustice to the
Collins line ?
Moreover, sir, this will be taking' one step
towards removing that species of a " prohibitory
tarilf" against the freedom of the seas, which
now to a great extent exists, and which tends
greatly to check the maritime enterprise of some
of our most energetic citizens. With a bonus
of $33,000 per round trip paid by the Govern-
ment to one line, it will be enabled for a long and
indefinite time to diive off competition, and
proudly defy any American rival. If this notice
should cause a discontinuance of the present line
of steameis, eveiy one must know that there is
another that will take its place, and that, too, at
the reduced rates. If the present line be not dis-
continued, and a new line established, then there
would be two lines with all the benefits to which
1 have referred, with the pleasing consciousness
that, we, to that extent, advance one great arm
of our power. It is proudly said of England:
u Hoi path is o'e! the mountain wave,
llei home is> on the deep."
Old as she is, and young as we are, we may by
a wise policy, not protecting one to the exclusion
of all others of our own citizens, be able to travel
by her side, and share with her the trade of the
world, though a Cunaid, with all her aid,be our
rival, and whether a Collins or a Vanderbiit tread
our quarter-decks 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to amend
!! by making the time seven months instead of six.
I; 1 desire that gentlemen should understand the
facts. I desire gentlemen to bear in mind, and
|i especially the gentleman from Maryland, that
'! many y< -vrs ago Collins & Co. made a contract
; with the united States for carrying the mail from
; jN'evv Vnik to Liverpool, for $19,^50 the round
tup. That was the bond. Some time aiterwards,
; m ]352,1 believe, they came here and represented
i to the Congress of the United States that their
• contract was a losing one; that they were strug -
| ghng against the mighty power of England; and
' asked this House to increase their compensation
j to $33,000 the round trip, for the purpose of tak-
! ing them through the trial in this competition—
