1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2165
of taRing them through the infancy of the strug-
gle. The House agreed to do so, and the Gov-
ernment reserved the power to discontinue the
allowance. I will read the law:
" Foi additional compensation for increasing the trans-
position of the United States mails between New York
ami liiv er[ ool in the Collins lute of steamers, to twenty-
si\ trip> per annum, at such tunes as shall be directed by
the Po;.tma?tei General, and in conformity to his last annual
rep.irt to Congress, and Ins letter of the 15th of November
lact. to tiio Seerctaiy of the Navy, commencing said in-
crease of service on the first of January, 135-2, at the rate of
§33.000 per trip, in lieu of the present allowance, the sum
of $316,500: Provided, That it shall be in the poiverof Con-
gn'ss, at any time after the 31st day of December, 1854, to
terminate the arrangement for the additional allowance
herein provided, upon giving six months' notice."
What are the conditions ? This company comes
forward and enters into a contract for ten years,
by-which it agrees to take $l(J,y50 for the round
trip. Afterwards it comes here and appeals to
the generosity of Congress—inasmuch as they
were m the infancy of a mighty struggle—for the
increase of their allowance to $33,000. That in-
crease was given with the right to discontinue it
after a certain time, when they said they would
be in the full development of vigorous manhood.
And now two years beyond that time have
passed. They have had the benefit of that
encouragement two years longer than they stip-
ulated for. And now it is proposed to discon-
tinue this thing.
Mr. BOWIE. Itseemsto me,Mr. Chairman,
that the whole*question is within a very narrow
compass. I am disposed—if we can do so con-
sistently with mv notions of our obligation—to
give Mr. Vanderbilt this contract. But, from
what 1 have heard and read on the other side, I
admit that under no sort of circumstances can
Mr. Vanderbilt get the contract; and your only
object now is to reduce this extra appropriation.
I do not choose to be a mere cat's-paw in the hands
of any man to interfere with a well-considered
contract made here by Congress. I was anxious
to know whether the notice affected merely the
suspension of the extia compensation voted by
Congress, or whether it wen! to the extent of
annulling the whole contract. I understand it
does not annul the contract, which is to extend
to the year 1860; and no matter what vote we
may give, the amount of it is just this: that you
do nothing in favor of Commodore Vanderbilt,
but you reduce the amount heretofore agreed to
be paid by way of extra pay to the Collins' line.
Well, is there anything m that? Why, the very
fact that Commodore Vanderbilt knew that he
could not get the contract may have induced him
to make tilts offer; and, if he got the contract, he
might come here and ask you to increase, his pay
again, while lie knew, and his friends knew, that
we have goi to observe this contract until the
year 1S60, and all you can do is, to get rid of this
extra compensation. Is there anything like fair-
ness, liberality, or justice, in that, when you can-
not save the country a dollar, except by making
a man bankrupt himself—for it was on the idea
of saving him from bankruptcy that you increased
his allowance3
Mr. CADWALADER. I move to amend
by introducing the words, " Or a notice to de-
termine at an earlier time, if such notice can be
given consistently with the provisions of the
existing contract." I offer this amendment,
which 1 will probably withdraw at the conclusion
of my remarks, that I may be enabled to obtain
the floor m order to express my dissent from the
views of the gentleman from Maine, [Air. Wash-
burn",] as to the point of honor, or of propriety,
discussed in his remarks.
It is of the greatest importance to the public
interest that the Government shall, in all cases, be
enabled to protect itself asainst the consequences
of any improvidence in contracts into which its
officers or agents may unadvisedly enter. Gov-
ernments, from various well-known causes, are
peculiarly liable to be involved in contracts of
such a character that the public interest requires
their rescission, and a resumption of privileges
inconsiderately granted. Sometimes, through
liicaution on the part of representatives of the
Government, a point of law or a point of honor,
such as that suggested by the gentleman from
Maine, may arise. In such cases, the question
is, whether the Government can, legally, or con-
sistently with plighted public faith, resume the
privileges unwisely granted; in other words,
whether plunder of the public Treasury must
continue without a remedy? Many times, this is
a somewhat embarrassing question. There is no
such embarrassment here. The only authority
under which the allowance to Messrs. Collins has
been increased was derived from an act of Con-
gress, of which the provisions were carefully
guarded, so as to leave no room for doubt upon
any legal or honorary question, as to the right to
determine it, upon a notice of six months. The
only question is, whether the public interest now
requires that such a notice should be given. The
condition authorizing the notice is reserved in
terms as explicit as the grant of the increase; and
the purpose of the condition is quite as manifest
as that of the grant of the increase. Then, does
the public interest require that the notice should
be given ? Was this an improvident contract, or
was it not? It would certainly have been in the
highest degree improvident, had it not been for
the notice which the argument of the gentleman
from Maine would now expunge. The course
of subsequent events has indicated that this pre-
cautionary condition did not prevent it from being
originally an improvident arrangement. Rut let
that pass. The present question is upon giving
the notice which its provisions authorize us to
give. I believe that no impartial man who reads
carefully the debates upon the subject in the last
Congress can doubt that the notice ought to be
given, and that the increased allowance should
be terminated at the earliest possible period. The
main point urged for the continuance of the in-
crease was, that Messrs. Collins had incurred
additional expenditure, to the full amount of the
increase, by making the passages in eleven days
instead of fourteen; that to make it in eleven days
involved an increased consumption of fuel, a loss
of mechanical effects from the shocks and jars,
&c., and a strain upon the iflachinery to which
it was not properly adapted;in other words, that
vessels constructed for a fourteen days' voyage
could not, economically, make the voyage m
eleven days. Now, it was in itself a piece of,
extravagance to overwork the vessels. If they
had been originally constructed with a view to
this increase of speed, the present speed would
have been attained, and a great part of the in-
crease of expenditure prevented, because its prin-
cipal causes would have been to a great extent
removed. I do not wish to deny to Messrs. Col-
lins the merit that has been claimed for them. I
admit their enterprise and their exertions. But
1 deny that it was wise to encourage them in ex-
travagance by this mode of compensation, paying
them the increase of expense, and letting them
derive the clear increase of profit in the trans-
portation of passengers incidental to the increase
of speed. If titaporary encouragement in such
a course was originally wise—which I cannot
admit—there can be no reason for persisting in
it when the reasons are no longer in force. We
should encourage that competition which insures
the combination of economy with enterprise.
Mr. Cadwalader withdrew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Norton's
amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Whitney
and Underwood were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 73, noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NORTON moved the amendment hereto-
fore offered by him and ruled out of order, leav-
ing off the proviso giving notice for terminating
the extra compensation for the Collins line oi
steamers.
Mr. TODD. I raise the question of order, that
the amendment is not germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, on the ground that the committee
have just determined that a similar amendment
was in order.
Mr. WHITNEY. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. The Chair has once decided this
identical proposition to be out of order.
Mr. TODD. If the Chair will allow me, the
proposition now offered is not a similar one to
that just decided by the committee to be in order.
Mr. LETCHER. I call the gentleman to order.
No debate is in order, and I object to all debate.
Mr. TODD. I only wish to say that this
amendment is clearly not in order, because it is
not germane to the bill, and because it makes an
appropriation not authorized by any existing law,.
The other was to terminate a contract which was"
authorized by existing law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think thisamend-
ment is clearly out of order under the rules of the
House. I ask to have the 81st rule read.
The 81st rule was read, as follows:
" No appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment thereto,
for any expenditure not previously authorized by law,
unless in continuation of appropriations for such public
works and objects are already in progress, and for the con-
tingencies for carrying on the several departments of Gov-
ernment."
The question was taken on the appeal, and the
decision of the Chair was overruled.
Mr. LETCliER. I move that the committee
take a recess until eight o'clock.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us first finish the bill;
there is but little more of it.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Houston
and Florence were appointed.
The question was taken on Mr. Harlan's mo-
tion; and the tellers reported—ayes 38, noes 88.
So the committee refused to rise.
The Clerk then finished the reading of the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
committee do now rise, and report the bill to the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose, and Mr. Phelps having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr. Mace
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the mail steamer appropriation bill,
and had directed him to report the same back to
the House with an amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the previous .
question.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask to be permitted
to offer an amend men!.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The. previous
question has been seconded.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the previous question was
seconded.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion
of the Chair, the proper time to move to recon-
sider is after the main question has been ordered,
though the Chair will conform to the decision of
the Speaker of the House, and hold that the mo-
tion is properly made now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Wasthe previous
question seconded ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It was. The
Chair, in opposition to his own opinion, but in
conformity to the ruling of the Speaker of the
House, entertains the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was seconded.
Mr. LETCHER. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 move to lay the
appeal upon the table.
The motion was agieed to; and the appeal was
laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I move to lay the
resolution to reconsider on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon the motion to re-
Mr. COBB, of Alabama, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I hope that by general
consent, before the vote is taken, the amendment
which the gentleman from Kentucky proposes to
offer, if the motion to consider prevail, may be
read. .
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust it will be read for
| information, as that may determine the way mem-
bers will vote.
The proposed amendment was read, and is as
follows:
Sec. 3. Jlni ho it further enactcd. That the Postmaster
Genetal be, and is hereby, authorised tocontiact with such
person or persons as may offer sanTK-ioiu and sati-faetory
| secutitv, to transport, on oi be tore the 1st day of January
i next, the mails of Uw United Suites between New Orleans
( or some other point on the gulf of Mexico, and San Fran-
