1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
resolution that an assault was committed upon a
member of the Senate while in his seat
Mr. WALKER. Not while the Senate was
in session.
The SPEAKER. The language of the resolu-
tion is, "whilst remaining in his seat, in the
Senate Chamber;" and the presumption is, from
that language, "in the performance of the official
duties pertaining to his station." Asamatterof
right, the Senate has no cognizance of any viola-
tion of privilege upon the part of a member of
the House. This House is the protector exclu-
sively of the privileges of its own members; and
the Chair would not recognize the right of the
Senate-to inteifere with the privilege of any
member of the House, either here or elsewhere,
upon the ground of all offense against the privi-
leges of the Senate. It belongs to the House, if
a member has in any manner violated its own
privileges, or those of the Senate, to inquire into
the facts, and come to such determination as its
own dignity and regard for the privileges of the
Senate may require. The Senate is not a tribunal
competent to investigate and determine the privi-
leges of members of the House. The Chair is
of opinion, therefore, that upon the facts stated
in the resolution presented by the gentleman from
Ohio, such a question of privilege is presented as
will supersede ordinary subjects of legislation.
The Chair is at liberty, undoubtedly, to refer the
matter to the House for its decision. In the case
lately decided by the House, the Chair was not
cognizant of the facts. Wo privilege of the Sen-
ate, or of any other person, was asserted, and
the Chair declined to decide whether" it was a
Suestion of privilege or not, and submitted it to
le House for decision. But in this instance it
is stated that a member of the House has violated
the privileges of the Senate by an assault upon
one of its members, while in his seat, in the per-
formance of his duty; and the Chair believes he
cannot consistently decide that it is not a question
of privilege.
As a precedent upon this point, the Chair refers
to the action of the House of Representatives in
the case of an assault committed upon the Private
Secretary of the President of the United States,
not by a member of Congress, but by a citizen.
The information was transmitted to the House
by the President m a special message. The
House took cognizance of the subject as a ques-
tion of privilege, and ordered a committee of in-
vestigation. The Chair decides this to involve a
question of privilege. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] takes an appeal from
that decision. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] moves to lay the appeal upon the
table, and demands the yeas and nays upon the
motion.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw the motion to lay the ap-
peal on the table. This is a very important mat-
ter, and I desire to say a few words upon this
question, and upon this question alone, whether
the resolution before the House involves a ques-
tion of privilege or not under the Constitution of
the United States. I see no necessity of stifling
debate upon a question of that character; and I
appeal t,o the gentleman from Ohio to withdraw
the motion to lay on the table, and allow me to
say in very few words why I shall be compelled
to vote against the decision of the Chair, believ-
ing as I do that there is no question of privilege
involved in this resolution. The gentleman has
expressed his views in regard to it, and I ask him
to allow me to do the same.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I should take
great pleasure m withdrawing the motion to lay
on the table; but the side of the question which
the gentleman would probably represent has
already been represented pretty fully by the gen-
tleman from North Carolina.
Mr. COBB. I do not think so. The gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Clingman] has
not presented the view of the matter which I wish
to present. .
Mr. CAMPBELL. I regard this as that kind
of matter which ought to be investigated and set
right summarily. 1 see no reason why this de-
bate should proceed upon a question of order.
Mr. COBB. But, Mr. Speaker, perhaps the
most important matter involved in the whole pro-
ceeding is this question of order. The question
of privilege is a much more important question
than any difficulty occurring between two mem-
bers of the House, or between a member of the
House and a member of the Senate. This ques-
tion of privilege is one that has been discussed &t
great length, and grown to enormous dimensions
in the British Parliament; but which, in my judg-
rhent, has been restricted under the Constitution
of the United States, and to that point I desire to
hold it. Sir, I desire an opportunity of present-
ing to the House my reason for holding that this
is not a question of privilege arising under the
Constitution of the United States. What I have
to say would be directed legitimately and prop-
erly to this point. I appeal to the House—they
can sustain the decision of the Chair afterwards,
if they choose—that they will not lay this appeal
on the table, bat will allow us to go on and dis-
cuss the question, and come to a satisfactory
decision, with which we shall be content, upon a
subject involving a question of privilege under the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw the previous question, and retain
the floor long enough to enable me to offer a sug-
gestion to him? I sought the floor just now for
the purpose of making some general observations
upon this question. I now desire him to with-
draw the motion to lay on the table, simply to
allow me to offer some suggestions directly to
him, as to the course which it nmy be he will
deem proper to be pursued by himself in reference
to this matter.
Mr. CAMPBELL I have already declined to
yield the floor to my friend from Georgia, and I
gave, as my reason, that this discussion at this
time is, in my judgment, premature and ill-timed.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not propose to enter
upon any general discussion; I merely asked the
gentleman to retain the floor, but yield it to me
merely to make a suggestion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not desire to take the
responsibility of opening debate at this time. I
therefore insist upon the motion to lay the appeal
upon the table, and call for the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks the consent
of the House to make a single remark—personal
in its nature—having no reference to the merits of
the question before the House. He desires simply
to say, that he has not been a party to any con-
sultation, deliberation, or caucus upon the sub-
ject, and had no knowledge of the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio until it was read at
the Clerk's desk.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio, why he speaks of " other members," and
does not designate who they are? If there are
" others," why does he not rame them ? Why
does he single out Messrs. Brooks and Keitt,
and then say " and other members," leaving it
to be applied to anybody and everybody?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not see the import-
ance of the question. If there were no other
members involved, of course the investigation
will show that fact.
Mr. COBB. I object to debate, unless all have
an equal chance to be heard.
The question being on the motion to lay on the
table the appeal from the decision of the Chair,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd in
the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 71; as follows;
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball. Barbour, Henry
Bennett, iien on. Billinshurst, Bingham, Bliss, liradshaw,
Brenton, Broom, Buffnuon, Burlmgame, James H. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Cfawjon, Colfai, Comms,
Covode, Cragut. Cuniback. Timothy Davis, Dick. Dickson,
Dodd, Durl'ee, Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway,
Gilbert, Granjer, Grow. Harlan, Haven, Hollowav, Hughs-
ton. Kelsey, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Kunkel, Meacham,
Kilhan Miller, Morgan, "Morrill, Murray, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Parker, l'elton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike,
Pringle, Pumance, IUtelue, Robeits, Sabm, Sapp, Scott,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thormg-
ton, Thurston. Todd, Trat'ton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Waldron. Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Wells, Woodruff, and Woodworth—
8jNAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Boeoek,
Bowie, Boyee. Branch, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carltie,
CarutJiers, Caskie, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Cos, Craige, Crawford, Cnllen, Davidson, Day,
Denver, Dowdell, Elliott, English, Eustis, Florence, Foster,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Sampson v\.
Harris, Herbert, Geoige W. Jones, Kelly. Kennett, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall. Humphrey- Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, McQueen, Smith Millei, Millson,
Orr, Paine, Ptielns, Puryear, Itieaud, Richardson, Rivers,
Ruffin, Sandtdge. Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. SmttKSliced, Stephen;, Stewart. Svrope, Taylor,
Trippe, Underwood, VSlk, Walker, Warner,- Waikms,
Winslow, and Daniel B. Wright—-71.
So the appeal was laid on the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. HORTON, of Ohio, said: Mr. Speaker,
having paired off with Mr. Cadwalader onall
questions relating to slavery, I deem it proper to;
decline voting on the pending question.
Mr. SAVAGE said: I have paired off with
Mr. Mace until the 20th of June next. If either
return previous to that time, he may, ott ques-
tions before the House, speak or make reports'
from committees, but.it is understood that neither
is to vote until the expiration of the time spe-
cified.
Mr. MATTESON. Mr. Speaker, on Tues-
day last, expecting to leave town fbr my home-on
important private business last eveningr (but
am now unexpectedly detained,)I paired off with
Mr. Jones, of Pennsylvania, from yesterday, on
all questions. I cannot, therefore, vote; but that
there may be 110 misunderstanding of my posi-
tion on the subject, I should, could I give a vote,
vote "ay."
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the previous
question on the passage-of the resolution. I also
demand the yeas and nays on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. CRAIGE. As the House has no cogni-
zance of this matter, and as the courts have,!
move that the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I trust the gentleman
from North Carolina will withdraw' the motion ,
to lay on the table until we see whether the gen-
tlemen of the other side are determined to fores
this question to a vote without a word being said
by those of us who oppose the decision of the
Chair. I hope he will withdraw his motion. I
cannot believe that the House will force this ques-
tion to a vote under the operation of the previous
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. CRAIGE. What has occurred, and the
vote just taken, plainly indicate to my mind that
no discussion of the question is to be allowed-;
and therefore I decline to withdraw the motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. ORR. If this questicmis not to be debated,
we ought not to vote on it. I therefore move that
there be a call of the House, and on that question
call fur the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 62, nays 95; as fallows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen,Barksdale, Bell, Boeoek,
Bowie, Boyce, Bianch, Burnett, John P. Campbell,.Garltle,
Cauithers,"Caskie Howell Co!;!,. Wiliiain-uii.R. W.. Cobb,
Cox, Craige, Crawtbrd, Cullen, Davidson, Dowdell, Ed-
inundson, Eustis, Floiertce, Foster, Goode, Sampson W.
Harris, Herbert, George W, Jones, Kenuett, Letcher, Lind-
ley, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall,
Maxwell, McQueen, Millson, Oir, Panic, Phelps. Porter,
Ricaud, Rivers, Ruffin, Sandidge, Samuel A- Smith, William
Smith,William R. Smith, Sneed. Stephen.*, Stewart, Swope,-
Taylor. Tnppe. Underwood, Vail, Walker, Warner, Wat-
kins, Winslow, and Daniel B. Wright—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, nerigr
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Bronton, Broom, Buffinton, Burlmgame, James H. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee,Clawson, Colfax,Comins,
Covode, Cragill, Cumback, Timothy Davi% Day, Denver,
Dick, Dickbon, Dod'd, Durteo, Edie, Edwards, Emrie, Eng-
lisl), Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Gilbert,
Granger. Grow, Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hottman. Hol-
lovvav, Hughston, Kellv, Kelsey, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Kunkel, Humphrey Marshall, Meacliam, KiUian Miller,
Morgan, Morrill, Murrav, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance,
Puryear, Richardson, Riteliie, Roberts, Sabm, Sapp,Seotl,
Simmons, Spinner, Stanton. Stranahan, Tappan, Thoring-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Valk, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wasbburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Woodruff, and Woodwortll—-
95.
So a call of the House was refused.
Pending the above call,
Mr. BROOKS said; Mr. Speaker, I desire t<s
make a personal explanation to the House,
j The SPEAKER. Is there objection to th«
I gentleman from South Carolina making a per-
sonal explanation ?
Mr. TRAFTON. I object.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman wouia not
object if he would hear what I have to sif
tLoud cries of " Withdraw the-objection! ] -
Mr. TRAFTON. Well, 1 withdraw rhy ob-
jection. . :
