1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
565
and cannot be resumed while the Confederacy
exists under the Constitution. The trustees for
the exercise of the power, in this case, were the
members of the Legislature, who were callcd
upon to choose a Senator. It was committed to
them; and when they had to decide whether they
would be controlled by the inhibition of their
own State constitution, or whether they were
bound by the prescriptions of the Federal Con-
stitution, there could be but one decision, accord-
ing to the view which I entertain.
Sir, it must be so. I am not so far a State-
rights man as absolutely to forget the honor, and
the justice, and the fair understanding of com-
pacts . My opinion is, that when the States parted
with this power, by giving to the Constitution
of the United States authority over the subject,
it was decided that the Constitution, itself should
prescribe the qualifications of Senators, and that
no State should afterwards have any jurisdiction
over the subject. If it were not so, as has been
stated by the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
what confusion must follow! I do not know what
confusion might not follow. Suppose, sir, that
in some States fanciful, theoretical notions should
obtain—those ethereal notions of speculative, po-
litical philosophy, which seem to have become
common in some quarters—and it should be pro-
vided in a State constitution that no man should
be eligible to the Senate of the United States un-
less he was a man of good character. Suppose a
Senator came here ana took his seat, would it be
incumbent on us to determine the question whether
he was a man of good character or not >
Sir, if we admit such a power in the States, it
will lead to a confusion that would positively
break down all the barriers which give us protec-
tion. Every State may have a right to say that
no one shall be eligible to office within that State
unless he is a Catholic, or unless he is a Protest-
ant, or unless he is a Unitarian. They have a
right to prescribe till these qualifications in their
own State by their constitution; but they have no
right to make such a prescription so as to alloct
the Federal councils. Suppose a State wore to say
that a Catholic should not be eligible to a seat in
the Senate of the United States, and a Senator
should be elected by them who should turn out
to be a Catholic. Certainly, he could not be ex-
cluded on that ground.
Mr. PUGH. Permit me to inform the Senator
that the Constitution of the United States forbids
any such thing.
Mr. BUTLER. I was using it as an illustra-
tion.
Mr. YULEE. The Constitution prohibits
Congress from making a religious test. That
prohibition does not extend to the States.
Mr. BUTLER. The States are not prohibited
from making such a test; but I need not com-
ment on that. I referred to the matter only as
an illustration. I shall deal fairly with the argu-
ment of my friend from Ohio, for I regret very
much to differ from him.
It has been asked suggestively, (and very
strongly,) what should be done in a rase where
one State, by way of insulting the Senate of the
United States, should send here a convict reeking
with crime from a prison. If such a man were to
come here and present himself, bringing the very
vestments of crime with him, absolutely tainting
the-atmosphere through which he walked; would
you allow him to take his seat when lie brought
fcefore you the evidence of the fact that he had been
for nine years a citizen of the United States, and
was thirty years of age, and was an inhabitant
of the State for which he was chosen? I say no;
because I resort to another article of the Consti-
tution to protect the Senate—the clause allowing
it to expel a member. I would expel him at
once. Gentlemen may ask, how expel him?
Would you give him a seat and then turn him
out? No, sir; if a man comes to my door, who
I think is a scoundrel, I will kick him away at
once, and not allow him to come in and then kick
him out. A refinement of forms might be ob-
served by some, but I do not think I should ob-
serve them m such a case.
Mr. President, I have attempted briefly to pre-
sent my views. I do not intend to go into the
question elaborately. My opinion is decidedly
that the States have parted with the power to pro-
scribe the qualifications of a Senator of the Uni-
ted States; that they did not leserve any such
power; and that all the cases quoted by the Sen-
ator from Michigan are exactly in the same con-
dition. Having said thus much, I mustgo further,
and remark that'I differ with my honorable friend
from Kentucky on another branch of his argu-
ment—I refer to that portion of it in which he
spoke of the relation of the present Senator to
the people of Illinois. That is a very different
question from the question of power involved in
this case. I hold that it is clear from the language
of the constitution of Illinois that he had no right
to accept an office of the State of Illinois after
he became a judge until his term of nine years
expired and until the lapse of one year thereafter*.
He was in that respect in the same situation in
which we are placed by the Constitution of the
United States. Neither you, sir, nor I, nor any
of us, would have a right to accept an office under
thcFedeiul Government the emoluments of which
had been increased or which had been created
during our term. If the salary of the Chief
Justice of the United States were increased to
#20,000 to-morrow, my friend from Kentucky,
who is a lawyer, could not be the Chief Justice;
and the same prohibition would apply to every
member of the Congress which increased the sal-
ary. The Senator from Illinois having accepted
the office of judge of that State for nine years, was
not capable of holding any other office of the State
of Illinois duiing that time and for one year after-
wards. He could not terminate his disability by
a resignation. That is clearly my opinion.
The only ground taken m the committee which
had an influence on me was, that when the mem-
bers of the Legislature assembled, they did so
under an implication to their constituents that
they would respect their own constitution; and
would select no one to be a Senator unless he was
outside the inhibitions of their own constitution.
It may be that a member might innocently go
there and find himself deceived; or it may be
that the people have been deluded, deceived, or
defrauded by having one of their members vote
contrary to the implications of the trust. That
is nothing to me. 1 am not here as a guardian to
take care of Illinois. Let them take care of them-
selves. I am a State-rights man that far. I am
not willing to be the guardian of every State
whose people arc deceived or whose constitution
is disregarded by their own representatives. If
they cannot take care of themselves, they shall
not be my wards in chancery. 1 am not going to
take guardianship over them. Let them take
care of themselves.
In my position on this question, I am sustained
by the authority of the House of Representatives
in the case of MxCreery and Harney, a contested-
election case which arose in Maryland many years
ago. I think it is impossible for any one to rntd
the history of that'case without coming to the
conclusion that this question was then decided by
the House of Representatives. Mr. Randolph
then took the ground which my honorable friend
from Ohio has taken in this case. He did not
maintain it with the ability and elaboration of
ray friend from Ohio, but he suggested it;and you
know, sir, that the man who first goes through
the forest, and with his hatchet cuts down the
trees, is entitled to pretty nearly as much cicdit
as he who follows in his tracks. Mr. Randolph
took the broad ground that the States had the
power to superadd to the qualifications required
by the Constitution of the United States, and he
sustained his position in his usual luminous man-
ner. The whole current of the debate, however,
was against him.
But, sir, I do not take as conclusive the author-
ity of any man on subjects of this kind, where
my reason is to be consulted, and I am to be sub-
, jected to its dominion. I would much rather
I take the decision of a deliberate body having
; jurisdiction over such a subject, than the obiler
| dictum or the ipse dixit of any man. The cdsc of
| McCreery will be found m the volume of Con-
tested Elections; and whoever will read the report
made in that case—a report made by respectable
men of all parties, for it did not assume a political
character—will see that the report is explicit and
unqualified, and very nearly in these terms: that
the ..States having parted with the power of pre-
scribing the qualifications of Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress, cannot resume it; nor
can the States vary, qualify, or in anywise change
those qualifications. That report, as 1 have said,
was not one of a political character; though' Mr.
Jefferson was then in power, and it was made
up by a republican committee. But in order to
accommodate some gentlemen—and I believe,
indeed, very much to accommodate Mr. Ran-
dolph—the decision finally appears to have gone
off on another issue. I suppose the truth was
that, knowing what the decision would be, it was
intended to ease them off—to let them down;a
little. The whole reasoning of the speakers in
that debate, and the import of the report, is so
clear, that it commanded my respect as an au-
thority.
I have read the letter of Mr. Jefferson, which
was quoted by my friend from Michigan, and I
have read the Commentaries of Mr. Justice Story
on this point. If it is to become a contest between
Ms. Jefferson and Mr. Justice Story, as a general
principle I should take Mr. Jefferson's views of
the subject; but, sir, we arc not to take, as any
man's judgment, an epistolary expression of
opinion, in comparison with one who is appealing
to the tribunal of the world for the judgment
which he forms. Mr. Justice Story does not
state the general principle that the States parted
with all power, but he says that, pro hac vice, so
far as regards the qualifications of members of
Congress either in the House of Representatives
or in the Senate, the States had parted with all
power. He does not say that they parted with
every power when they made the Federal Con- ^
stitution. That would be an absurdity such as I '
would not impute to Mr. Justice Story, and such
as is not the fact. His remarks are confined to
this particular power.
Sir, 1 should have been perfectly willing to
hear and decide this case according to the lights
which might be shed by others on the subject,
and 1 do not say now that I shall not change my
opinion, for I have seen others change theirs three
times in the committee room. At present I have
given you seriously the impressions of my mind,
and I regret to differ from the Dionicd of the com-
mittee, [Mr. PuGii.l
Mr. TOUCEY. i think, Mr. President, that
the doubt winch is thrown over this subject
arises from not observing where is the grant of
power. Where is the power granted to elect a
Senator of the United States? Is it granted by
the State constitution, or is it granted by the
Constitution of the United States? How is this
Government constituted ? How is this body con-
stituted? Is not the grant to be found m the
Constitution of the United States exclusively,
and without any aid from any other constitu-
tion?
The first clause in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States provides that " all legislative powers
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the
United Slates, which shall consist of a Senate and
House of Representatives;" and another clause
in the Constitution provides that "the Senate of
the United States shall be composed of two Sen-
ators from each State, chosen by the Legislature
thereof." This is the grant of power, and the
only grant of power by which a Senator can be
chosen. "Will any gentleman say that it is in the
power of the people of a State, while remaining
in the Union, to withhold from its Legislature
the power to elect a Senator? If a clause were
embodied in the constitution of a State, attempt-
ing to withhold that power, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, unless the State went
out of the Union, that clause would be void; be-
cause the power is derived from the people of the
State by the channel of the Constitution of the
United States. Every State has made the grant;
every State has concurred in the instrument; and
therefore it is that, through the channcl of the
Constitution of the United States, the people of
every State in their sovereign capacity have made
a grant of power by which thisbody exists; and
when the grant was made it was in the nature of
a compact between the States. No State can
diminish the integral power thus granted; no
State can withhold any part of it; no State can
withdraw the leastparticle of it; and for the sim-
plereas, on that the people of the State, before they
formed their State constitution, granted to this
Government the power, which thoy attempt to
withhold. That power is, that this body shall
consist " of two Senators from each State, chosen
by the Legislature thereof."
It seems to me that the proposition is incontro-
