2160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 10,
Cisco, twice a month in each direction, at a sum not exceed- j
ing @480,000 a year: Provided, In his opinion, the mails can !
be thus carried in one thud loss lime than h now required '
by othnr mail roures. ;
jJnd be it further enaiicJ. That the Postmaster Genera! \
is hereby authoiized, in'msdiscretioji,tocon?raetwith:-uch
person or peisons as will doublethe above service between i
New Oilcans- and riaii Fismei&co, at a price not exceeding 1
$750,000. and m such latter case he may terminate existing
contracts according to piovisions of law." !
The question was taken, and the motion to re- ;
consider was not agreed to. i
The main question was then ordered, being on !
concurring in the amendment of the Committee of j
the Whole on the state of the Union, providing
for giving notice to the Collins line of the termina-
tion of the extra compensation.
Mr. SAPP demanded the yeas^nd nays.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, called for tellers upon
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eyans and
Whitney were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-five, noes not counted.
So the ye^s and nays were ordered.
Mr. THORINGTON. I move to reconsider
the vote by which House bills Nos. 573, 317,
5f>9, 571,and 579, were yesterday referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. We are now acting under the
previous question. The House has ordered the
main question to be put upon the mail steamer
bill, and then; is no motion now in order except
a motion to adjourn. ;]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair over- \
rules the point of order, and decides that thcij
motion to reconsider can ho entered; but no fur- i;
ther action can be had thereon. !,'
Mr. JONES. I appeal from the decision.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides the question under the 5Gth iule, which '!
says, that when a motion has been once made ;j
and carried m the affirmative or negative, it shall h
be in order for any member of the majority to ■;
move for a rcoon&ideiation thereof, on the same !'
or {succeeding day; and such motion shall lake !;
precedence of all other questions, except a motion \
to adjourn.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to lay the appeal !!
on tiie table. '!
Mr. JONES. 1 ask if the appeal isnotde-;l
batubie? ij
The SPEA f\ER pm tempore. It is not debat- j
able because the J Louse has oideied thepievious ;i
question. ,;
Air. JONE^. Then you cannot pur theques- ;
tion on the appeal .it this time, because, if it is
debatable, it must go over with the motion to 1
reconsider. ! j
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is !'
on the motion to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. JONES. Then I ask what becomes of j
the steamer bill?
Mr. ED1E. 1 move that the House do now >
adjourn.
Mr. CARLILE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr FLORENCE, I rail for teiieis.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Elouen'cl
and PniN'M.E were appointed. ■!
Tin) House divided, and the telleis reported—
ayes Hi), noes 75. i:
So ihe motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at '
fifteen minutes to six o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned till to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m. ;
IN SENATE. I-
Saturday, v'iugust If), 1856.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. 1 fexry C. Dkan. i
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
SUSPENSION OF RULES.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I have a re-
port from a committee of conference which it is
important to make at once, so that we may send
it over to the House; but before doing sou is
necessary to adopt a resolution to enable us to
do business to-day by suspending the two joint 1
ruleswlnch prevent, our receiving or Bonding bills
at this period of the session, 1 olFor the follow- ■
mg resolution:
jlciolred, (the House or Representatives concurring.) '
That t!ie Mitii and r.th joint ml'-s ot the two Houses be j-us- !
pended toi the runduu oi' the present session.
The resolution was considered by unanimous |i
consent, and agreed to. The rules which it pro-
poses to suspend are as follows:
"16. No Ijiil that shall have pa^cd one IJou«c shall he
sent fot concurrence to tile other on either of the three
last days of the session.
" 17. No bill or i evolution that shall have passed the House
of Repiesentatives and the Senate vhail be presented to
the President of the United States for his approbation, on
the last day of the session."
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The committee of confer-
ence on the bill (H. R. No. 202) making appro-
priations for the executive, legislative, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending 30th of June, 1657, have had a meeting,
and have been unable to agree; but it is proper
to state that we ascertained there were certain
matters upon which we should have recommended
a concurrence of the two Houses, if we could
have agreed upon the whole. The report of a
committee of conference having to be an entirety, S
we could not present the points on which we agreed
as a report; but I stand here on my individual re-
sponsibility to make certain motions in which we
understand, the House will probably concur; and
when the bill goes down, they will rectde from
such things as their committee have agreed to
give up. Then, the issue being narrowed, wo
can insist on the res! of ouramendments, and ask
again for a committee of conference to see if we
can agree on the disputed matters. I propose
that the Senate concur in the House amendment
to our twenty-fifth amendment, in regard to the
Courtof Claims. We omitted one of the officers,
and the amendment of the House is to include
him. I propose to concui in (he House amend-
ment to our tlinty-fn^t amendment, which is a
proviso as to the publication of the Madison
papers; it merely provides that those papers shall
he printed by the public printer. We agree to
that, i propose to concur in the amendment of
the House to our thirty-second amendment, which
is a change of the clerks in the Comptroller's
office, and additional temporary clerks in the
tluartennasun General's olHce. They added to
our amendment a piovision to change a clerk in
the Comptroller's office, transferring him from
one class to another, and making an appropria-
tion of $5,000 for extra clerk hire to carry out the
bounty land law. We agree to that.
We agree to recede from the item for compen-
sation to surgeons at Panama, which is Senate
amendment No. 12. 1 propose, also, to recede
irom Senate amendment No. 26, for the purchase
of a binary for the Court of Claims. No. 33, the
section fi xing the salai y ot laborers in the Depart-
ments, we recule fiom, inasmuch as the House
have sent to us a sepaiate bill for that purpose.
I make these motions, and I hope the question
will be taken together. I make these motions on
my individual responsibility, that the Senate re-
cede from these amendments, and concur in the
amendments of the House to the amendments
which I first named.
The motions were agreed to.
Mr. LiUNTER. I move that we insist on our
remaining amendments to which the House have
disagreed, and ask for a further conference on
the disagreeing -votes of the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs.
Huvrim, Si iokll, and Iumi were appointed the
committee on the part of the Senate.
PAY OF LABORERS.
Mr. HUNTER. In order to carry out our !
action in the legislative appropriation bill, I ask j
tin; Senate to take up the joint resolution in re- I
gard to the pa y of laborers, so that we may pass j
it and send it down to the House at once. It ;
will not take thiee minutes. j
'Che Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the j
Whole, to consider the House joint resolution i
(J. R. No. 2G) giving an increased compensation !
to all laborers in the employment of the executive j
and legislative departments of the Government i
in the city of Washington. As passed by the |
House, tr proposed to allow all laborers in the i
l-'gislative and executive departments of the j
Government, m the city of Washington, an an-
nual salary of six hundred dollars, from and
after the 1st day of July, 18,36.
The Committee on Finance reported it, with
an amendment to strike out all after the resolving
clause, and insert:
There shall be one principal messenger in each of the
offices of the Secretary of State, Treasury, Interioi, War,
and Navy, of the Postmaster General, and Attorney General,
at an annual salaiy of fc9O0; and two principal me?<enr_:er3
in each of the bureaus of the Executive Dcpmiment^atan
annual solaiy of $840 each ; and the othci mef-senaon and
assistant messengers, now authorized by law to be emplov <h!
in said Departments, shall receive an annual salary ot QTOO;
and all laborers employed in the legislative and (wocutive
departments shall leceive an annual salary of $600 each,
from and after the 1st day of July, 1856 ; and such sum, in
addition to the appropriation otherwise provided, as may
be required to pay the same, is hereby appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to offer an amendment:
•Arul hp it, further resolved, That there shall bo paid to
the blacksmiths and armoreis of the marine barracks, m the
city of Washington, iifty cents per day in addition to the
sum now allowed them by law; and that a sum sufficient
to meet tins expenditure be, and the same is hereby, appro-
priated out of any money in the Treasury not otheiwise
appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. This joint resolution is only
to provide for laborers; and we have excluded
everybody but the laborers in the Departments
and on the public grounds. It is only to provide
for that subject to enable us to get along with the
appropriation bills. To enter into the pay of
laborers outside of the Departments is a matter
which requires debate and separate action. I
hope the Senator will not embarrass the joint
resolution.
Mr. BROWN. These armorers get but $1 50
a day; and of all the laborers about the Depart-
ments and everywhere else, I believe they are
the only ones whose compensation has never been
increased. They are quite as meritorious—I think
more so—than a great many others. Just think
of a man in this town supporting himself and
family on $1 50 a day !
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will give way,
I will agree to abandon the bill; Ave have no time
to discuss it.
Mr. "BROWN. I have no disposition to dis-
cuss it. I offer the amendment. I will let the
vote be taken.
The amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendments were concuried
in, and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be
read a third time. It was read the third time,
and passed.
PETITION.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of Daniel
Ammen, praying to bo allowed the pay of a
master in the Navy for services rendered m that
grade previous to his promotion; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Afiairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTERS.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee to Audit and
Control the Contingent Expenses of the Senate,
to whom was referred the petition of James Har-
rington, submitted an adverse report; which was
concurred in.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the lesolution, subrnnted by Mr.
Cass the 15th instant, to increase the pay of the
superintendent of the document room and his
assistants, reported the resolution with a recom-
mendation thatitdonotpass; and it was rejected.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the resolution, submitted by Mr.
Sebastian the loth instant, to increase the pay
of the mail boys in the service of the Senate,
reported the resolution with a recommendation
that it ought not to pass; and it was rejected.
Air. BROWN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
petition of residents and property holders in the
vicinity of Virginia avenue, in the city of Wash-
ington, submitted an adverse report; which was
concurred m.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of property hold' rs of
the fifth and sixth wards in the city of Wash-
ington, praying for an appropriation for survey-
ing and grading Pennsylvania avenue, between
the Capitol and Eleventh street cast, submitted
an adverse report; which was concurred in.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was rpferred ihe bill (S.
No. 418) to grant certain public land in the Pa-
latka military reservation, to the president and
directors of the Palatka and Micanopy Plank
Road Company, chartered by the General Assem-
bly of the State of Florida, for the construction
