1292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 23,
Mr. BROOKS. When I rose a few moments
ago, not one word of violence would have escaped
me, nor would 1 have violated the propriety of
this House. I only desired to take the entire re-
sponsibility on myself, and to state to the House
oji the honor of a gentleman, that not a human
being on this earth knew when or where the
transaction intended would occur.
The question recurred on the motion to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. CRAIGE. I refused a few moments ago
to withdraw the motion to lay the resolution on
the table. I did so, because I believed, from the
motion made by the gentleman from Ohio, and
the call made for the previous question on the
resolution, that there was a manifest desire to
suppress all debate on the question. Some gen-
tlemen around me think that since then mem-
bers have had time to grow cool and to give the
matter proper reflection, and I therefore now
withdraw the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. ORR. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion. [Cries of " No!" " Hold on to the call! "]
Mr. CAMPBELL. I should be happy to ac-
commodate my friend from South Carolina, but
1 am apprehensive that if I do so we shall be
thrown into an unprofitable debate leading to no
good results; and believing that it is better for all
the parties implicated in this matter, directly or
indirectly, that we should speedily have a com-
mittee and a full and fair investigation of this
matter, I insist on my demand for the previous
question.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. "Will the gentleman allow
me to put an inquiry to him?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the call for the
previous question, and will yield to the gentle-
man for an interrogatory.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. Does not the gentleman from
Ohio know that while this resolution is pending
there is a prosecution against my colleague in the
courts of this District? Does he not know that,
while it is attempted to bring my colleague to the
bar of this House in what I conceive to be a pros-
ecution, he is to answer to the country in a pros-
ecution before the courts, which was sought
with hot haste immediately after the transaction
referred to in the resolution? j
Mr. CAMPBELL. That is a statement of [
facts, and not a question.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. What I state, I know to be
the fact.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I repeat what I stated a
while ago, that I had no purpose whatever to put
any member of this House in a false position.
There are various rumors in reference to thi3 oc-
currence, and parties implicated. I cannot see
that there is any force in the suggestion of the
gentleman,in reference to proceedings which may
have taken place before the judicial tribunals.
Mr. STEPHENS. If the gentleman from Ohio
would listen to n statement, from the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] 1 am convinced
that he would not embrace in his resolution the
name of that gentleman.
Mr. HAVEN. I rise, not to a question of-
order, but to make a suggestion to the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will hear it.
Mr. HAYiEN. I only desire to say, that I
concur with the gentleman from Ohio as to the
propriety of this investigation, but I think that
we may do injustice by including the names of
both the gentlemen from South Carolina in the
resolution; and I suggest to him the propriety of
omitting one of those names.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Hearing the assurance of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Brooks,]
whose veracity 1 would not question, in reference
to his colleague, [Mr. Keitt,] I yield to the ap-
peals made to me. Intending, under no circum-
stances, to do injustice to any person, either by
direct or indirect means, I will modify my reso-
lution so as to leave out the second name in the
resolution-—that of Mr. Keitt.
Several Members. And strike out the words,
** other members.n
Mr. CAMPBELL. No, I will retain that ex-
pression. I now demand the previous question.
Mr.RICHARDSON. Were the words, "other
members," stricken out?
The SPEAKER. They were not.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I wish to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio if he desires to retain those
words ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have my reasons for in-
sisting upon the resolution in the form in which
it is now placed. If there arc no other persons
concerned, the investigation will hurt no one.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire tomakea single
suggestion to the gentleman from Ohio before he
declines. If the persons are not members of the
House or Senate, what right have we to inquire
in reference to them ?
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know whether the member from Ohio
can modify his resolution without general con-
sent, action having already been had upon the res-
olution ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
no action has been had; and the Chair thinks it
is competent for the gentleman from Ohio to
modify the resolution in the manner he proposes,
Mr. RICHARDSON. I say this to the gen-
tleman from Ohio. It is not pretended that you
have jurisdiction over any persons unless they
are members of this House, or, perhaps, of the
Senate. The other part of the resolution docs
not specify other members of cither body.
Mr. CAMPBELL. It does. It says, " and
other members.,J
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask if, in the event
a majority of the'House .refuses to second the
demand for the previous question, debate will be
in order upon the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. Undoubtedly; under the
practice of the House, if the Hous>e refuse t©
second the demand, debate will be in order.
Mr. COBB. I call for tellers upon the demand
for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wakeman
and Richardson were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 84, noes G8.
So the previous question was seconded.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
THE QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE—AGAIN.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I demand the yeas
and nays upon ordering the mam question, for I
want a record of those who are preventing debate
upon this question.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to have the
preamble of the resolution, as modified, again
read, before the vote is taken.
The preamble was read, as follows:
Whereas it is represented that, on the 23d flay of May,
18o3, Hon. pncston S. Brooks, a member of this House
fiom the State of South Carolina, and other members,
either as principals or accessoues, peipcmucd a violent
assault on the person of the Hon. Charles Sumner, a
Senator of the United States from the State of Massa-
chusetts, while icmmmng in his seat in the Senate Cham-
bet, m the performance ot the duties pertaining to his official
station, therefore, See.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I do not think that my
feelings are improperly enlisted in this question
upon either side. I perceive that the preamble
seems to imply that other members of the House
than those named in the resolution are implicated
in this affair, either as principals or accessories.
According to our rules, no member has a right to
vote upon any question in which he is either
dircctly or indirectly interested; and I desire to
present this point to the Chair, whether the pre-
amble and resolution, standing as they now do,
though not directly charging any pexsons by
name, save one, do not imply that perhaps a
large number of the members of this House may
be either principals or accessories to this transac-
tion; and that being so, whether they will be
entitled to vote, not being permitted, under the
rules, to vote upon any question in which they
are directly or indirectly interested? I do not
mean that I should be involved in the matter in
any way, but I make the point that the Chair
may decide how far members are precluded from
voting.
The SPEAKER. It is doubtful whether the
interest of any member is of such a character as
to preclude his voting upon the question. But
the Chair is of opinion that the words " other
members" do not act in such a manner as to
preclude any member, to whom these words might
possibly be held to apply, from voting.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 72; as follows?
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bulinghuist, Binsham, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Broom, Burfinton, Bndiugamc, James II. Camp-
bell, Ltwis D. Campbell, ChalFee, Clawson, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cumbnek, Timothy Davie, Day,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Ermie, Flagler, Gallo-
way, Gilbert, Granger. Grow, Hailan, Haven,* Hoffman,
Holloway, Hugbbton, Kelscy, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
KunkeLMcacham, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Moirill, Murray,
Nichols, Andrew Ohvci, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Perry*
Pctut, Pike, Pi ingle, Purviance, Ritchie, Roberts, Sabin,
Sapp, Scott, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stianahan, Tap-
pan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Wade,
Wakeman, Walbmtge, Wakhon, Cadwalader C: Wash-
burnc, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Williams*
Woodruff, and Woodvvorth—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Bocock,
Bowie, Boycc, Branch, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carhle,
Caruthers, Caskie, Chngman, Howell Cobb, Williamson
It. W. Cobb, Cox, Ciaige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson,
Denver, Dowdeli, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Eustis,
Floience, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Greenwood,
Sampson W. Harris, Herbert, George W. Jones, Keitt#
Kcllv, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander IC. Marshall, Hum-
phiey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McQueen*
Smith Millei, Millson, 0 r, Pame, Phelps, Puryear, lteade,
Ricaud. Richardson, Rivrrs, Rurfin, Sandidge, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens,
Stewart, Taylor, Tnppe, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker,
Wainer, Watkms, Wmslow, and Daniel B.Wright—72.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. ELLIOTT said: I have paired off until
after the 6th day of June next with Mr. Hortont,
of New York, upon all questions involving sla-
very and railroads. Of course, this question does
not involve either, and I vote in the negative.
Mr. KEITT said: I wish, sir, to say to the
House that since my name has been withdrawn
from the resolution, I shall vote; if it had been
retained, I should not have voted. As, however,
it was introduced into the resolution originally,
and in connection with this matter, I wish to say
now, in voting, that I did not know the time
whcn,northe place where, this act would be com-
mitted; and when it was committed I was behind
the chair of the President, where I had been talk-
ing with a gentleman from my own State who
had just arrived here; I did not see the beginning
of it, therefore I had not the slightest concert with
my colleague, nor did I know when or where it
would occur. I vote " no."
The question being upon the adoption of the
resolution as modified,
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 6d; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison. Ball, Baibour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst. Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Builingame, James
II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Clawson,Col-
fax, Connns, Covode, Cragm, Cumback, Timothy Davis,
Day, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Edie, Edwards. Emrie, Flagler,
Thomas J. D. Fuller. Galloway, Gilbert, Granger, Grow,
Harlan, Haven, Hon'man, Holloway, Ilughston, Kelsey,
Knapp, Kmqht, KnoWlton, Kunkel, Humphrey Maishall,
Meacham, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Moirill, Munay, Nich-
ols, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Perry,
Petnt, Pike, Pnngle, Purviance, Ritchie, Roberts, Sabin,
Sapp, Scott, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tap-
pan, Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Tyson Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells,
William*, Woodruff, and Woodworth—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, Bocock,
Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Car-
lite, Carutbers. Caskie, Clingman, Ilowell Cobb, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson,
Dowdeli, Edmundson, Elliott, Eiwtis, Florence, Foster,
Goode, Greenwood, Sampson W. Harris, Herbert, George
W. Jones Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Letcher, Lindlev, Lump-
kin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Orr, Panic, Phelps,
Porter, Ricaud, Richardson, Rivers, Ruflin, Sandidge,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
Sneed, Stephens, Stewart, Swope, Taylor, Trippe, Un-
derwood, Walker, Warner, Watkms, Wmslow, and Dan-
iel B. Wright—68.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BISHOP said: I have paired off with Mr.
Powell, and do not feel at liberty to vote upon
this question. If I could vote, I would vote
" ay."
Mr. BOCOCK. I think I can make a state-
ment that will entitle the gentleman to vote. A
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Robison] de-
siring to leave the city for two weeks, came to
me, a few days ago, and asked me if I could pair
him off. I told him that my colleague [Mr.
