596
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 22,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Kansas Affairs—Slavery—Mr. Bliss.
Ho. of Reps.
Cmisrpss havinir no newer over the subject of defining.what
is and what is not property, if a siavehniaer goea to the
Territory of Kansas with his slaves, he sull holds them as
property, and may claim the nght of protecuon tor that
P™PMry'joNss. Undoubtedly. The Government recog-
nizes as property what it finds there as such, having no
power to say whether it is or is not property. X think my
friend from Kentucky agrees with me there.
" Mr. Cox. Certainly, I do."
i do not know as the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania intended to acknowledge the full extent of
the southern claim as hereafter given, but it pre-
pares the way for the assertion of the universality
of slavery, and which I find here the almost uni-
versal claim of slavery extensionists. The gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Warner] has stated
it with great directness, and 1 confess it gives me
greater pleasure to hear the positions of slavehold-
ers upon this question, stated with some appear-
ance of logic, than to see the double shuffles
and deceptions of their "popular sovereignty
allies. If I understand his position, it is this:
that slaves were held as property in the colonies
and States, by the law of nations, which became
the law of the land, and that, under that law, the
holders of slaves acquired absolute rights of prop-
erty in them. The conclusion I give in his own
words:
" Those great fundamental rights which I have been dis-
cussing belonged to the people of the States before and at
the time of the adoption of the Constitution. They entered
into, and constituted an essential element of, their title to
their slave property, part and parcel of it; and, not having
delegated them in tlio Constitution, they have them now;
and it is by virtue of those pregxitting rights which are
solemnly guarantied by the Constitution, that my constitu-
ents claim to be entitled to take their slave property into
the common territory, and to have it protected there."
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Cox] has,
during this session, stated the doctrine in a still
more revolting form: t
"So fer from the dogma presented by northern men, that
slavery requires positive law to protect it, being true, I be-
lieve the law prima facie is, that wherever a negro is found
in the United States or territories thereunto belonging, there
be is a slaye, and such has been the received opinion by
custom and adoption, as shown by early history; and, until
you show a positive law to the contrary, the negro is a slave
wherever he is found in the United States. We don't want
any positive law to support slavery. There is not a south-
ern State which has created slavery by positive adoption.
It has been established hy custom and common consent, in
the same manner as it was established in Massachusetts and
New York; and those States made a great deal more money
out of it than we have. There is no law in the South
making slaves property. Property in staves exists on the
same baas as other property. Property arises as a natural
right, over and above all taw, and such it is recognized the
world over by common consent. And the colonies having,
by custom and common consent, assented to and estab-
lished the right of property fti negro slaves, that kind of prop-
erty stands to this day on the same basis of other species
of property, so far as the power of the Government is con-
cerned; and Congress has no more power over it than it has
over property in horses or any other chattel."
***♦•*
" If Congress could confer power on the people of a Ter-
ritory to prohibit slavery during ttieir territorial existence,
it might exercise the power itself without committing it to
the people of the Territory. This power, sir, I deny, and
believe that the Constitution of the United States does not
authorize Congress to destroy the right of property in the
States, even though that right should be carried into the
Territories. The Territories are the common property of
all the States; and if Congress, as Is admitted, cannot de-
stroy or affect property in slaves in the States, how can it
destroy or control it in the Territories? No, sir; whatever
is recognized in any State as property must, under the Fed-
eral Constitution, be regarded as property in the joint and
common territory of all the States."
So far as I am able to learn, these are very
modern opinions, and originated, with other here-
sies, in the fertile brain of the late Mr. Calhoun.
They were advocated by him often and ably in the
latter years of his life; and, though "first treated
as chimerical, are now adopted even by Kentucky!
I have now before me a speech delivered by
him in the Senate, June 27,1848, in which he
elaborates the doctrine with his accustomed in-
genuity, and shows that the Federal Government
possesses the exclusive power, in the nature of
a trust, to govern the Territories subject to re-
strictions, express or implied. The former are
the express provisions of the Constitution; the
latter are " those imposed on the trustees by the
nature and character of the party who constituted
the trustees," which he claims to be the States in
severalty. " in the States, severally, reside the
dominion and sovereignty over the Territories,
and they are the Territories of all, [the States,]
because they are the Territories of eaob, and not
the Territories of eaeh because they Are the Ter-
ritories of all." Adding the admitted equality of
the States, " it must be manifest that Congress,
in governing the Territories, call give no prefer-
ence or advantage of one State over another."
'«It has no more power to do So than to subvert
the Constitution itself." He hence claims that
slavery must be legal in all Territories, because
it is in some of the States. And, in alluding to
the laws of Mexico in California, prohibiting j
slavery, and which were claimed to be still in
force, ne adds:
" But I deny that the laws of Mexico can have the effect
attributed to them. As soon as this treaty between the two
countries is ratified, the sovereignty and authority of Mex-
ico, in the territory acquired by it, becomes extinct, and
that of the United States is substituted in its place, carrying
with it the Constitution with its overriding control over all
the laws and institutions of Mexico inconsistent with it."
It will be recollected that this doctrine was the
special hobby of the present Secretary of War
while in the United States Senate.
I have gone somewhat into detail in stating the
present doctrines of the slavery party, because
they are denied by the Administration party in
my country, and it is difficult to make people
there believethaHfuch principles are actually/being
applied to the government of the Territories. But so
it is. These novelties have become tests in our
territorial administration. Slavery is the rule—
the power of its prohibition by any authority
whatever denied, and the Federal Constitution
its shield and protector!
I well recollect the sneer with which this idea
was received North and South, when it first at-
tracted attention. Mr. Clay, in reference to it,
remarked:
" I must say, that the idea that eo instanti upon the con-
summation of the treaty, (the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,)
the Constitution of the United States spread itself over the
acquired country, and carried along with it the institution
of slavery, is so irreconcilable with any comprehensions or
an i) reason which I possess, that I hardly know how to meet
it. >
And yet, it is now substantially the doctrine of
the Government party, and substantially the doc-
trine of the leaders of that other party styling
themselves National Americans; and with Nativ-
ism was the basis of their coalition to organize
this House. Such is the progress of fanaticism
when led by passion and lust of power.
I confess, the impudence of this claim, its bald
sophisms and false assumptions, amaze me, and,
in contemplating it, I feel somewhat the embar-
rassment of the great Kentuckian. Because sla-
very was lawful in the colonies and most of the
States, previous to the adoption of the Constitu-
tion, and is still lawful in some of the States,
therefore it is lawful by force of the Constitution
in all the Territories^ Place it in the form of a
syllogism.
1. Whatever was lawful in the colonies, and is
still lawful in any of the States, must be lawful
in the Territories.
2. The practice of enslaving men was, and is
thus, lawful.
3. Therefore slavery is lawful in the Territories.
Corollaries: the rignt of distress, and the prac-
tice of imprisoning for debt, very important prop-
erty rights, were lawful in the colonies, and are
still in some of the States; therefore they cannot
be prohibited in the Territories. The right of
gambling by lotteries existed in the colonies, and
still does in some of the States, and Jjeavy capital
is invested in the business; therefore the right is
a sacred one in all the Territories; And these
rights, too, have always existed by the- law of
nations, i. «., the law erf" nations hfcs nothing to
do with them.
It would seem that the statement of the propo-
sition would alone be sufficient to show its ab-
surdity . But when men would guard great wrongs
with the shield of logic—wrongs enthroned in
passion and interest—they lose their vision; the
thin gauze becomes brass, and they fancy them-
selves—and sometimes their enemies fancy them—
safely shielded by the gossamer. But let us ex-
amine their constitutional claims a little more in
detail.
Gentlemen on this floor have placed great stress
upon the claim that, previous to the Revolution,
slavery and the slave trade were authorized by
the law of nations, were universal in the colonies,
and sanctioned by the mother country. I have
already shown that the* law of nations could not
constitute property, and admitted that by usage
persons were held as slaves. It is true, I have
also shown that this usage could not have been
lawful, not having been immemorial, unless de-
rived from and availing itself of the immemorial
usage of Africa; but I am willing to admit, for
the present, its entire lawfulness. And what fol-
lows ? This usage was contrary to the law of
nature and the legitimate object of Government;
contrary to the municipal laws of nil civilized
States; was grossly tyrannical in its character,
and destructive of every social and material in-
terest in.-its effects; ana yet gentlemen gravely
claim* that it would be a violation of the constitu-
tional rights of the slave-ridden States to pro-
tect the Territories from this blighting usage !
Mr. Calhoun was in the habit of basing the claim,
not upon any fictitious " constitutional guaran-
ties," of which men speak so flippantly, but upon
the bald and unfounded assumption that the Ter-
ritories belonged to the States in severalty; that
the Federal Government held them in trust for
each of the States, and must govern them with
reference to the supposed interests of the States.
Such was the theory of colonial rule. Colonies
were founded, and as far as possible slave usages
introduced, not to promote the permanent well-
being of the colonies, but with all possible rap-
idity, and for the benefit of the home country, to
coin the fresh soil, and leave its future to retrib-
utive sterility. But the American Revolution
overthrew all such theories. According to its
doctrines, Governments are instituted to secure
the rights of the governed, and not the interests
of the governors. I admit, with Mr. Calhoun,
that the power to govern the Territories is a trust
—all Governments are in the nature of -trusts—
but for whose benefit is this trust to be executed ?
Clearly for that of the cestui que trust, and not
the trustee, or even the founders of the trust.
The Territories are the cestui que trust, and
we must look to their rights and interests
alone. The fact that a different rule prevailed
under colonial subjection is rather a beacon than
a precedent. The claim, then, that the Territo-
ries are to be governed with reference to the in-
terests of the old States, and not the good of the
Territory, is based upon a fiction; is colonial in
its analogy; contrary to the doctrine of the Revo-
lution; and it cannot bepresumed to be constitu-
tional, unless the provisions of the Constitution
are explicit to that eflfect.
It is claimed that, as there is no express power
given by the Constitution over slavery, it is there-
fore unconstitutional to exercise such power.
And is there any express power given in relation
to crimes other than Federal, in relation to rights
of property, and the other thousand things apper-
taining to government ? The powers of Congress
in relation to Territories are altogether general in
their character3 and embrace all proper subjects
of legislation. I care not whether it be derived
from the clause giving authority to "make all
needful rules and regulations respecting the Ter-
ritory;" or, as Mr. Calhoun thought, from the
power to acquire territory, necessarily carrying
with it the power to govern; it must be general.
There is no limit to it, except the express limit-
ations of the Constitution, and in that respect is
entirely unlike the Federal authority over States.
Instead of there being a want of power in Con-
gress to prohibit slavery, because not expressly
• given, it has power to do nothing the. Congress,
within its jurisdiction, is bound to carry into force
all the provisions of the Constitution, andtojwe-
' vent all wrong-doers from violating them. The
guaranteesof personal liberty and rights of proper-
; tyare inconsistent with slavery,and should been-
1 forced; and the duty of Congress to make express
enactments on the subject depends entirely upon
the danger of their violation. Were there no such
thing as theft, bo enactments against larceny
would be neesssary; but the guarantees of prop-
erty, as well as the unwritten powers of all Govern-
ments of general jurisdiction, demand its express
protection, when and where necessary: and so of
individual liberty. But, even if there were no such
guarantees, I demand of those who require express
■ powers for the protection of individual liberty,
i the power; express or implied, to infringe it.
t Liberty is the normal and slavery a forced relation;
1 " contrary to natural right," says Justinian; "a
