1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1293
Poweli 1 was absent, and would be back in a few
davs; but immediately on his return would leave
for the Cincinnati convention, to be absent for
two weeks; that not knowing whether he had
paired off or not, I would take the responsibility
of pairing him off with the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania; and if [ found that he had paired off
with some other gentleman, I would inform that
gentleman. If, therefore, Mr. Robison is not
here, I consider that he is paired off with Mr.
Powell.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I will
state to the gentleman that my colleague [Mr.
Robison] is not here, and that he informed me,
before he left", that he had paired off.
Mr. Bishop then recorded his vote.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was agreed
to, and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays
upon the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays Gl; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Baibour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bilhnnhuvst, Bingham, Bliss, Brenton,
Broom, Buffinton, Buriingame, James H. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, dawson, Colfax, Comins, Covodo,
Cragin, Cumbaek, Day, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie,
Edwaids, Emrie, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway,
Gilbert, Granger, Glow, Hailan, Haven, Hoffman, Hollo-
way, Ilunllston, Kelsey, Knapp, ICnight, Knowlton, Kun-
kci, Meacham, Kilhan Millei, Moigan. Morrill, Murray,
Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Parkci, Pelton, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit. Pilse, Pi ingle, Pmviaiiee, Ritchie, Robciti,, Sabm,
Sapp. Scott, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tap-
pan, Thoitngton, Thuiston, Todd, Tmlton, Tyson, Wade,
Wakeman, Wilbndge, Waldron, Cadwaladrr C. Wash-
burne,Isiael Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Williams,
Woodnlff. and VVoorlworth—87,
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Bell, P.oeock,
Branch, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Cailile, Cauithcrs,
Caskio, Clmgman, Howell Cobb, Williamson 1!. W. Cobb,
Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Denvei, Dow-
dell, Elliott, Eustis. Florence, Foster, Goodc, Sampwn W,
Harris, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennctt, Letcher,
Lindloy, Lumpkin, Humphrey Maishall, Maxwell, Me
Queen, Millson, Oir, Paine, l'helps, Pueaud, Itichaidson,
Itiveis, Euffin, Sandidge, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
William R. Smith, Snord, Stephens, Stcwait, Tavloi,
Tnppe, Undeiwood, Vallt, Walker, Wainei, \\ atkins,
Winslow, and Daniel B. WnglH—61.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The SPEAKER announced that the following
gentlemen would constitute the committee under
the resolution, viz: Messrs. Campbell of Ohio,
Allison, Cobb of Georgia, Greenwood, and
Spinner^
* MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage of the President of the United states, in
answer to a resolution of the House of tile 12th
instant, in reference to the employment of United
States troops in Kansas for the enforcement of
the laws of a supposed Legislative Assembly of
tile Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the annual report of the Smithsonian Institution;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ENGLISH submitted a motion to print
ten thousand extra copies of said report; which,
under the rules, was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The business regularly in order under the reso-
lution of the House being the reception of reports
from the Committee of Claims on bills, &e., from
the Court of Claims—
Mr. LETCHER, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back court bill No. 3 for the
relief of Ja'mes H. Lmdsey; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SInCED. I rise to a question of orden
Accordm" to my recollection of the resolution of
the House the other dav, these bills must be re-
ported, and by the Clerk placed on the Private
Calendar in Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed. ,
Mr. LETCHER. Well, we are referring them
to a Committee of the "W hole.
Mr. SNEED. But they are to go there without
a formal vote of the House to that effect.
The resolution upon the subject was reported.
Mr. SNEED. I now make the point,'that
these bills must go on the Private Calendar in
Committee of the Whole, as a matter of course.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the resolution contemplated that these bills should
be reported and referred by the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 think the reg-
ular course would be to read these bills twice
when they are reported, and then refer them.
Mr. LETCHER. That is just what wo are
doing.
Mr. SNEED. That is not what the resolution
says.
The SPEAKER. The bills were read a first
and second time when they come from the Court
of Claims, and before they were referred. They
are now reported back from the Committee of
Claims on the part of the House.
Mr. LETCHER then reported back bills of
the following titles; which were referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed: ,
A bill for the relief of Salvador Acearder; and
A bill for the relief of William H. Chase.
Mr. LETCHER. I now ask the consent of
the House to report back several bills, for the
purpose of having them referred to other com-
mittees.
There being no objection, the Committee of
Claims was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the following bills and petitions:
Senate bill making appropriations for the pay-
ment of certain claims. Referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Senate bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Zadoc Thompson, of Vermont.
Senate joint resolution for the relief of John Y.
Laub, clerk in the office of the First Comptroller
of the Treasui y.
Senate bill tor the relief of Edwin A. Stevens.
Referred to the Committee on Patents.
Senate bill for the relief of John H. Horn. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Senate bill for the relief of William Marvin,
of Florida. Referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
The petition of Lyman Treat. Referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. LETCHER also, by unanimous consent,
reported a resolution for the settlement of the ac-
counts of John 'Lee for the loss of horses pur-
chased for the use of the House of Representa-
tives; which was read, and referred to a Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely upon the following ^cotirt bills;
which were referred to a Committee of the Whole
; House, and the bills, with the accompanying
papers, ordered to be printed: •
A bill for the relief of Asbury Dickins; and
A bill for the relief of Michael Nourse.
Mr. HAVEN. If I mistake not, the statute
constituting the Court of Claims requires that the
report of the court, with the brief of counsel, shall
be printed. I think it is important that the same
I thing should be done in these cases, inasmuch as
I the committee have reported adversely upon ihcm.
i The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that;
: the statute requires that adverse reports ot the :
! Court of Claims shall be printed. _ |
! Mr. HAVEN. It also requires that, in cases i
! upon which favorable reports are made, the reports |
j with the briefs of counsel shall be printed. This
i bill came from the Court of Claims. It was '
! favorably reported on. It went to the Committee ;
; of Claims and was by that committee nnfavor- j
i ably reported on. I desire that not only the bill, j
1 but the briefs of counsel, the reports of the Court j
of Claims and the Committee of Claims, shall be |
, ordered to be printed. _ I
j The order to print was made accordingly. I
i Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee of Claims, j
I reported back a bill from the Court of Claims for ,
! the relief of John Robb; which was referred to a
j Committee of the Whole House, and, with the I
: report and all the accompanying papers, ordered ;
[ to be printed. 1
i On motion of Mr. TA~\ LOR, it was \
' Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
i from the further consideration of the papers in the ease of i
1 the Indian chief Shebavnay, and that the siune be refeued ;
I to the Committee on Indian Affairs. ;
!' Mr. TAYLOR, from the same committee, !
reported a bill for the relief of John Poe;, of Louis-
ville, Kentucky; which was read twice, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
EXCUSE FROM SERVICE ON A COMMITTEE.
Mr. ALLISON. For reasons satisfactory to
myself, I ask the Hojtse to excuse me from ser-
vice on the investigating committee to. whick the
Speaker has appointed me.
There being no objection, Mr. Allison was
excused from service on the committee, and Mr.
Pennington was thereupon appointed by the
Speaker to fill the vacancy.
REFERENCE OF A SENATE BILL.
Mr. STANTON obtained the floor.
Mr. C ARLILE. 1 ask the gentleman to yield
tome for a moment. I am about to leave the
city, and before doing so I wish to have a bill
referred to one of the standing committees.
Mr. STANTON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. CAIIL1LE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to take from the Speaker's
table a bill for the relief of the heirs of Jabez B.
Rooker, deceased, and that it be referred to the
Committee of Claims.
There being 110 objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table, read twice, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
KANSAS MATTERS.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I offer the following resolution:
Whereas this House has appointed a committee to in-
qmte into, and colf 'Ct evidenco in regard to the trouble in .
Kansas gencially, and particularlym regard to anylisudor
loree piactieed in any of the elections held in that I em
toiy, lor the u-e of the House m determining the contest
now pending between John W. Whitlicld and Andrew II.
! Iieeder, lor a seat as Delegate (iom said Teiritoiy, and in
! taking such otliei action as may be proper or neccs-ary for
; the public interests in saidTcrntory ; and whereas there is
i good reason to believe, that while the said Andrew H.
I ltceder was m actual attendance before said committee
i while m session, ill the c\eici-,c ot" his lawful lights and
' puvileges, m the pro.cention of Ins chum as such con-
testant, and in aiding said committee m their investigations,
a suupena was scived upon h:m, and an attempt made to
airest him for an alleged contempt in refusing to obey said
subpena, and abandon the prosecution ot'lns claim,and bo
drawn to a distance from the place where said committee
was holding its sessions, where lie believed his life would
be in imminent peril; and whereas there is good reason .
to believe that said subpena and the attachment for dis- '
oheymg it, and the attempt to execute the same, weie done
with intent to obstruct arid hinder said committee in the
diseh.uge of their duties, in violation of the resolutions of
this House, appointing said committee, and m disregard of
Us lights, privileges, and dignity; and whereas said writs
wi'ie Issued by S D. Lecompte. Chid Justice of the United
States couit tor the Tcrritoiy of Kansas, and the attempt
to execute the, same was made by the authority and under
the direction of J. B. Donaldson, Marshal of said Territory,
for the purpose aforesaid: Therefore,
lie it resolved, That a warrant be issued by the Speaker,
in due form of law. diiected to the Sergeantat-Armsofthia
House, for the arrest of the said S. D. Lecompte and J. B.
Donaldson, that tiiey may be brought to the bar of tins
House to answer lor a contempt of us powers, privileges,
aild dignity.
Mr. CRAIGE. I object to the resolution.
Mr. STANTON. Is it not a privileged reso-
lution? .
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot decide
the resolution to involve the privileges of the
House on its members, so as to supersede all
other business.
Mr. CRAIGE. This farce has been carried on
long enough.
Mr. PHELPS. Does the gentleman from
Ohio hold that we can obstruct proceedings in
the courts of justice ?
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable. Objection having been made to the res-
olution, it is not now before the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is not a
privileged question?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr, STANTON. Then I ask consent to with
draw the resolution.
Mr. PHELPS. The resolution had not been
received.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
has a right to withdraw the resolution.
FURTHER REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES/
Mr. GILBERT,from the Committee.of Claims,
reported the following bills; which were severally
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and, with the reports,
ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of John Otis;
