1856.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.'
557
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
Senate*
mere municipal regulation," says the Supreme
Court in Prigs: w. Pennsylvania. And 1 deny
the power ni the Government, unless clearly
granted, to protect A in holding B in subjection,
to adopt the unnatural and merely local regula-
tion.
But, say gentlemen, slaves, under the Consti-
tution, are property,and hence must be protected
as property. That is begging the question. I
demand the proof that, under the Federal Consti-
tution, and within its exclusive jurisdiction, there
e*« be property in man. Is it found in the cotem-
por&neous declarations of its framers, that it
would be wrong to admit in it the idea, and in
their care not to do it ? Is it found in the lan-
f iage of the instrument, where slaves within
lates are supposed to be alluded to, where they
are described as persons, and persons •nly ? Is
it found in the provision, that no person shall be
deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due
process of law ? Is it tound in the avowed objects
of the Constitution, to establish justice, to secure
the blessings of liberty, &c.? It" not, where is it
found ? Gentlemen who make this extraordinary
claim hold the affirmative. Bring forward the
provisions of the Constitution which reduce man,
whether white, yellow, red, or black, whether
Saxon, Celt, Moor, or Mohawk, to the condition
of a chattel.
But, says one, he is held as property by the
laws of certain States, and therefore, by opera-
tion of the Constitution, he must be held as prop-
erty i n the common Territories. Indeed! and what
provision of the Constitution operates to make
the slave laws dominant, and to extend them, to
the exclusion of others, into the Federal Territo-
ries? Am I answered that the Constitution pro-
vides that no person shall be deprived of his
property without due process of law, and hence
cannot be deprived of slaves? But that^too, begs
the question; for where, again I ask, is the author-
ity for property in man? By the law of nature,
a man is entitled to property in his own labor and
his own earnings, and has the right to control
both the one and the other; and do gentlemen
assume that the Constitution gives to others prop-
erty in this labor and those earnings? But per-
haps gentlemen rely upon the provision for the
delivery of fugitives from labor? This will not
answer; for the conclusion that this clause author-
izes property in man is not only a naked assump-
tion, but is expressly estopped by its language;
for they are "persons;" and only when they
escape from one State to another State shall those
persons be delivered up; and then the whole force
of the provision is spent. The convention better
understood the force of language than do the
propaganda, for the reason there given for chang-
ing a proposed phraseology to the present was, i
" because the former was thought to express the
condition of slaves, and the latter (the one adopt-
ed) the obligation of freemen."
But, says another, the Constitution is a sort
of " law of nations" between the States. It
does not decide what is property, but treats as
property whatever any State so regards. This
may be, in a manner, true, wkite this property
is within the State's exclusive jurisdiction. It is
only true, however, because tb^ Constitution,
like the law of nations, with a single excep-
tion, has no jurisdiction in the premises, and, so
to speak, cannot treat it at all. Suppose poor
whites, who are now free, as seems to be con-
templated by some southern politicians, should
be enslaved: the case would not be altered.
There is no Federal jurisdiction between citizens
of the same State, and they may enslave one
another, or murder one another, with impunity,
■o far as the Federal Government is concerned.
But, when these citizens come into Federal juris-
diction, as within Federal territory, then the Con-
stitution ceases- to be to them as a " law of I
nations," but becomes municipal law; and they '
are alike regarded as persons, and persons enti-
tled to all its personal guarantees. Nothing can
betpl&iner; and I am astonished at the effrontery,
and almost impunity, with which men labor to
debauch the national charter.
I have shown that the complaints of the prop-
aganda are baseless, and the claims on which they
are founded legal shams. But it is not a question
of sectional interest or conflicting rights, lthasno i
geography. It is a struggle of systems, a struggle
of laws, a struggle of civilizations; and our duty
in that struggle becomes a naked question of polit-
ical justice and obligati on. We cannot avoid re-
sponsibility for the politica^onstitutions of Ter-
ritories previous to their organization into States.
; Shall we give them the African code, with as much
of the common law as can endure the base con-
tact, or the common law republicanized,and with-
out African taint? There can be no neutrality.
We must discriminate, and tee are discriminating.
The base and bloody Guinea system has been
forced upon Kansas, and every Federal officer is
active in its imposition.
In the midst of the contest I should ask pardon
for the time spent in answering false complaints,
were it not expedient to clear away the rubbish
lest some weak combatant should stumble in the
fight. But their truth is really not in issue. We
must not be drawn aside by them; they are in-
tended for future application if we survive the
revolution initiated by the propaganda. For the
first time in our history are we called on to legal-
ize the acts of an invading armed force—a force
which seized the ballot-box, filled it with foreign
ballots, and inaugurated a Rump to give laws to
freemen. The acts of thi3 Rump are worthy
their paternity—fit bantlings of the incestuous
coition of the spirit of border-ruffian Democracy
with the spirit of Gold-Coast, barracoon jurispru-
dence ! The Slave power pronounces them law,
and President and postmaster meekly echo the
decree. They are being enforced as law, and we
must rescue the victims and damn the vile invent-
ors !
In planting slavery in the colonies there was no
parallel to tins; and yet, how deeply have we heard
Virginia curse Old England for her selfishness in
the matter! What deeper curses will the future
Kansans heap upon our heads for complicity in
her debasement! And what is the motive ? To
perpetuate servitude, and to obtain fresh soil to
desolate! Does colonial history furnish a match
for such cold selfishness ? Hear the gentleman
from Georgia, before quoted:
" There is not ■ slaveholder in this House or out of it,
but Alio knows perfectly well that, whenever slavery is
routined within certain specified limits, its future existence
is doomed; it is only a question of time as to its final de-
struction. Yoil may take any single slaveholding county in
the southern States, in which the great staples of cotton and
sugar are cultivated to any extent, and confine the present
slave population within the limits of that county. Such is
the rapid, natural increase of the slaves, and tne rapid ex-
haustion of the soil in the cultivation of those crops, (which
add so much to the commercial wealth of the country,) that
in a few years it would be impossible to support them within
the limits of such county. Both master and slave would
be starved out; and what would be the practical effect in
any one county, the same result wouUl happen to all the
slaveboidiHt States. Slavery Cannot be confined within
certain specified limits without producing the destruction
| of both master and slave; it requires fresh lands, plenty of
■ wood and water, not only for the comfort and happiness of
the slave, but for the benefit of the owner."
We only need to look across the river and all
around us to see that this exhaustion is not alone
from cotton and sugar culture. It follows your
system; and when you have desolated Kansas and
Texas and New Mexico and Utah—what then?
Will you come upon us and demand our home-
farms, enriched with willing sweat, to subject
them to your exhausting prBcess ? The end must
eome; ana the only question is whether it shall be
before or after the continent is ruined. Our
country's salvation is in our hands, and cursed
be the slave, or coward, or traitor, who shall
betray the sacred trust 1
NAVAL RETIRING BOARD.
SPEECH OF HON. J. A. BAYARD,
OF DELAWARE,
In the Senate, Jllay 5,1856,
On the law of1855 for promoting the efficiency of the Navy,
and the proceedings under it.
Mr. BAYARD said: Mr .President, the personal
reflections and attacks upon individual character
and conduct which have been introduced into this
debate upon the law of last session in relation to
the Navy, and the proceedings under it, I have
viewed with extreme regret.
They are irrelevant for the purpose of wise I
legislation, and tend only to distract the attention
ofthe Senatcfrom the consideration of the danger-
ous principles involved in that law, if the preca-
■ dent is permitted to stand upon the statute-book
without legislative condemnation.
They interfere also, by the enlistment of per-
sonal feelings and passions, with a calm and un-
biased determination of the appropriate remedy
for the evils which have flowed from that ruthless
law.
Before closing my remarks I shall, however,
of necessity be compelled to notice certain parts
of the late speech of the honorable Senator from
Texas, [Mr. Houston;] but, in doing so, I shall
endeavor to keep on the defensive, though tha
invitation to aggression is rendered very tempting
by the general courfle—I cannot say of argument,
but of comment—which was pursued by that
honorable Senator.
My present purpose is to confine myself to the
law ana the proceedings under it,and the consider-
ation of the remedy, within the scope of legislative
authority, best calculated to arrest the evils it haft
produced.
There are three resolutions and one bill now
before the Senate, besides that which I have sub-
mitted informally as an intended substitute for
the bill reported by the Naval Committee. First,
j is the resolution of the honorable Senator from
Georgia, [Mr. Iverson;] second, the resolution
! offered by his colleague, [Mr. Toombs;] and third,
! the resolution offered on behalf ofthe Committee
on Naval Affairs by tha honorable Senator from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.]
Before proceeding with my remarks on the law
[ of 1855, and the proceedings which have taken
! place under it, I shall state briefly the reasons
| why I am opposed to the passage of any of thesa
resolutions.
The resolution of the honorable Senator from
Georgia fMr. Ivkbson] provides, that
"A committee of — Senators be appointed by the Chair,
with power to send for persons and papers; and that said
committee be, and are hereby, authorized and instructed to
summon before it the members of the late 'naval retiring
board,' or such of them as may be conveniently brought be-
fore the committee, and examine tlnem upon oath as to the
facts fuid evidence, grounds and reasons, upon which the
action of said board was founded in each case of the officers
recommended to be put upon the retired list, or dropped
from the. service; and that said committee be further in-
structed to inquire and obtain any other facts which, is
their opinion, may bear upon the cases aforesaid, and re-
port the same to the Senate."
The second branch of hia resolution provides,
that
" Said committee be authorized and instructed to ad visa
and consult with the President of the United States in re-
lation to the cases of said retired and dropped officers, with
i the view of correcting any error or injustice which may
: have been committed by the action of said retiring board,
by the reappointment or restoration by the President of such
officers as may have been unjustly or improperly retired or
dropped."
j My first objection to these resolutions is the
• want of authority. I know of no law of the United
States which (at least in matters not within the
exclusive cognizance of either body) authorizes
a single branch of the legislative power to send
, for persons and papers, to compel the attendance
of witnesses, or to give validity to the adminis-
tration of an oath.
Without a law to confer such authority, any
oath administered by the committee would be
promissory and notjudicial, and no penalty would
, attach to its violation, and the attendance of the.
witnesses, and production of papers, unless from,
j the Departments, could not be enforced.
1 I am aware that others differ from me in opin-
1; ion on this point; that such authority has been,
|; often assumed by both branches of the Legisla-
|| ture, and that witnesses have attended commit-
; tees under a subpena, and submitted without ob-
j jection to an examination, and also voluntarily,
j produced papers in their custody and control,
j The right, however, to proceed by attachment
and commitment against a witness refusing to
I attend, or to submit to examination, has never been
judicially decided; but I cannot doubt the result
of the decision, if the question is brought before
a court of justice.
Should the committee appointed under these
resolutions issue a subpena for a witness, and on
his refusal to attend, either the committee or the
Senate should order him into the custody of tha
