1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2167
"of a plank road from Palatka to Micanopy, in the
said State, reported it without amendment.
PAPERS OF JAMES LE CAZE.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to return the papers in the case of the legal repre-
sentatives of J.nne& Le Caze, {surviving partner of Le Ca/e
& Mallet, to the Secretary of the Senate, and that the same
be referred to the Court of Claims.
CREDITORS OP TEXAS.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred House
joint resolution (No. 27) extending the time for
the creditors of Texas to present their claims, to
report it with an amendment. I hope it will be
considered now, as it is one of obvious propriety.
Mr. CLAY. I hope that will be considered
now, as there will be no debate on it.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the joint resolution. The
Committee on Finance propose to amend it so as
to make it read:
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives of
the United States of Jhnerita in Congress assembled^ That
us, agieeably to the provisions of the fouttli section of the
act of Februaty 28, ISoo, u to provide for the payment of
such creditors of the late republic of Texas as aie compre-
hended ui the act of Confess of September 9, 1850,"
notice, b> public advertisement, was duly friven foi the
space of mnet\ days, by the Secretary of the Treasury, of
the tune at which payments of the amount appropriated by
the fifth -section of said act would be made pro rata, on any
bond, certificate, or evidence of debt of s^aid State, which
should be presented at the Treasury Department thirty days
preceding the Kith day of June, 18o6, the limit of paid no-
tice; and as it is repiesented by the said Secretary of the
Treasury, that of said bonds, certificate*, and evidences of
debt winch liave been recognized by the State of Texas,
the same, eqfcal to the sum of $389,693 07, were not pie-
sented to the Tieasury Department ptior to the said Kith
of June: therefoie, m order to do full justice to the holders
of said debt, the Seoietary of the Treasury ts hereby author-
ized to pay to the holder-, of any of said bonds*, certificate?,
or evidences of debt not piesented befoie the 13th day of
June la-t, who mav piesentand piove the same at the Treas-
ury Department between the LOth day of June la>t and the
1st day of Januaiy next, and execute the pi oper ie!ea .p> to
the United States and the State of Texas, their pro rata
share of the said j 7,7.1l),00l); and, after payment thereof,
the said Secietaiy ot the Treasury 13 authonzed and rp
quired to distribute and pay the re^due ofthe ^aul ;S7,7o0,000
then remaining m the Treasury pro rata amongst all the
said holders who may have proved then claim'-, and exe-
cuted the proper releases on or before the l&tday of Janu-
ary next.
The amendment was agreed to. The jointres-
olution was reported to the Senate ;and the amend-
ment was concurred in, and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the joint resolution to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have long, Mr. Pres-
ident, been waiting for a favorable opportunity
to present to the Senate a petition with which I
have been intrusted. The session is drawing
towards a close, and I have been detained consid-
erably by indisposition. 1 must avail myself of
this opportunity to present it. Jt states that the
oetitioners are opposed to the facility of access
lo citizenship which the naturalization laws, as
they at present stand, afford to aliens, and they
pray for a change m the naturalization laws.
I do notintend to detain the Senate with remarks
on this subject, further than to say that, in my
humble opinion, apart from mere party consider-
ations, this is a subject which should absorb, and
must soon command, the attention of the Amer-
ican Congress. It is a subject which relates to i
the very essential parts of our Government. I
think it is the common opinion of this country
that American citizenship has been made too
cheap—a priceless thing in itself, it is given to all
who ask it. Our laws do not lead exactly to that
effect, but we know, m the practical administra-
tion of them, that is the result. We know another
thing: that the immigration which amounted, at
the institution of this Government, to four thou-
sand or five thousand a year, now amounts to
hundreds of thousand* per annum. The immi-
gration in two years will make a State as large as
the average of the northern States. Two years'
immigration will give a white population equal to
the State of Kentucky. The world never pre-
sented such a spectacle before.
Mr. MASON". I do not like to interpose, but
the morning hour is running away rapidly, and
I respectfully submit to the Senator that it is not
in order to discuse the policy of a measure on the
presentation of a petition. I am sorry to raise
the objection: but we must avail ourselves of
every moment for business.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 take no exception to
anybody calling me to order. If I understand
the practice of the Senate, I am entiiely in order.
I may have a particular course to recommend
with this petition, and my remarks may be neces-
sary for that purpose.
Mr. MASON. I understand the rule of the
Senate to be that, in presenting a petition, the
member may briefly state its contents—nothing
further.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The member " shall"
state the contents, the rule says.
Mr. MASON. I make the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempui t. The rule pro-
vides, as the Senator from Kentucky states, that
any Senator on presenting a petition or memorial
shall state briefly its contents. The Senator
must judge for himself how far, under that rule,
he will <ro.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know how precious
the time of the Senate is, and certainly i am not
one to impose myself on the reluctant attention of
the Senate. A few moments perhaps of the very
time that we have now occupied would ha\e suf-
ficed. If I am out of order I shall be glad to be
notified of it, and shall conform myself to the rule;
but I know that, according to the practice of twenty-
five years or more, I am in order.
Mr. MASON. I submit the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the Senator from Kentucky is in order.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That is an evil, and
ought to be corrected, I believe, in the opinion
of a great majority of the people of the United
States, at this veiy moment. Already a great
foreign influence is exercised on your elections.
Let me turn the attention of the Senate for a
moment to a jingle particular in which this is
manifest. We are approaching a presidential
election. Public attention is keenly drawn to it.
The public sensibilities arc excited by it. It is
an American President we are about to elect—a
Chief Magistrate to stand at the head of our in-
stitutions and administer them—a function purely
American—an office (if an Ameiiean. The Pies-
idency is an office which none but an American
can hold; and it was never intended that any but
Americans should confer it. Now, look at the
state of things which exists thiou^hout this broad
land. The candidates are rated a  stock in mar-
ket. "Who is the Gennan vote going for?"
To-day it is supposed for Huehanan; next day
for Fremont; the next day all go against Mr. Fill-
more.
This is the scale by which the chances of a
presidential election arc calculated from one end
of this broad Union to the other Sir, is it not
a shame to the country—is ji nor a shijme to our
Americanism, that such a state.of things should
in a few yeais have been brought to bear on us,
that already the election of a piesidentiai officer
is to depend on the foreign vote? It is already
a distinct and certain element in the voting pop-
ulation of the United States. As long as a for-
eigu populatiun can be absoibtd m your own,
and identified with it, all go« s on well; it is a
wholesome operation; but the moment the immi-
gration exceeds that, it is dangerous; a foreign
element is introduced and preserved m the heart
of the Republic, exercising the dearest right of
every republican—that by which he shows his
popular soveieignty—the light of suffrage. That
is the state of things now—enough to make a
State come to us every two years.
I do not wish, sir, to be exclusive on this sub-
ject. The foreigner is no object of hostility to
me—far from it. I wish to receive him with hos-
pitality; I wish to treat hun with kindness; but
1 do not wish to confer on him the right of gov-
erning me. I do not want to be obliged to sit
down and say, among all the candidates, Le who
is to be elected my President must get the Ger-
man vote, or the Irish vote, or any other foreign
vote, I say this not out of hostility to them—
not that 1 love them less—but that i love my coun-
trymen more. I love their i ights and will prr.-n ive
their rights. I belies they alone are competent
to preserve American institutions. These aie my
sentiments and my opinions; and thus lar i Iuhy
and entirely concur with the.se petitioners.
Sir, I will not occupy your ume further than to
make a single remark more. The tide of immi-
i migration will swell from year to year; and why
; should it not? Europe is becoming more inti-
| matfly acquainted with your country. The allure-
' ments which it presents are increasing day by
| day. When it was new, and there were hard-
ships to be borne by the immigrants, they came
in small numbers; but you have prospered by the
labor and enterprise of your own people. Asia
has become acquainted with it and is pouring out
Mohammedans on us. The late armies employed
m the eastern war are all being called home.
Settled peace, is taking possession of Europe, and
with it these men are disbanded, and what will
become of them ? Withdrawn from the pursuits
of peace, and engaged in the vices of war,imbued
with its spirit and its bloodshed, begrimed with
all the dirt and vice of a camp, what can they do
in thickly-settled Europe? The instruments of
war, notof peace, they can he of no use there,and
will be pushed off upon you. You have already
approached so nearly to the reign of this foreign
influence that foreign nations who arc mimical to
your Government may now see the practicability-
of deteriorating or of destroying your institutions
by pouring out their worthless multitudes to be-
come citizens of the United States. 1 am opposed
to this, not in the interest of any faction, not on
common party ground, but as a man to whom
Providence has assigned the lot of an American
citizen, with all its rights and privileges; and I
will never impart to others the privileges of my
own countrymen to such an extent that their
right to govern themselves shall be defeated.
American citizens shall not be cheated, as they
have been under our former naturalization laws,
so far as may depend on the humble voice and
humble vote of one of the representatives of the
States here. Sir, itis not necessary that I should
move to refer the petition; it is too late in the
session to hope for anything to be done. I move
simply that it be read, and laid on the table.
The Secretary proceeded to read the memorial;
when he was interrupted by
Mr. BUTLER. I think we had better save as
i much time as we can by dispensing with the
' reading. I move that it be suspended,
i Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will not insist,
i Mr. BUTLER. I suppose the Senator asked
1 for the reading out of respect to his constituents.
I do not blame him for that, but it will take up
! too much time.
i The further reading of the memorial was dis-
j pensed with; and it was laid on the table.
J HARRIET L. B. RUTH.
Mr. BAYARD. I reported from the Commit-
j tee on the Library, some days ago, a resolution,
I which I ask the Senate now to take up. It can-
not occupy five minutes, 1 am sure. If it is ob-
jected to, I will make a brief statement, and have
nothing more to say. I shall have performed my
duty. I think it is a claim of humanity and right.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion, which is in these words;
Ilc-olved, That the Secretary of Hie Senate pay out of the
comment loud ot the Senate, to llairiet 1... C. Ruth, mother
of Joseph S Ruth, deceased, £-2,5uo m full \oi the services
of -aid Joseph S Uuih, m preparing tor publication the ob-
feiv.uion^oii teiri^tual ma<rneu-n),made at theob&ervatory
of Girard Colleue. and piibh.-hed under the orders of tho
Semite of the Utli and l'ilh of Fcbruaiy, 1845.
Mr. EVANS. I move that the resolution be
referred to the Committee to Audit and Control
the Contingent Expenses of the Senate. It con-
templates a payment out of the contingent fund,
and that committee ought to look into it.
Mr. BAYARD. The resolution is reported by
the Committee on the Library. It is a claim on
the contingent fund of the Senate. It is a fair
claim; it has been investigated by a committee.
It only provides for a payment which has been de-
layed for a long time. I am sure, if the Senator
from South Carohnaknew the facts,which are fully
proved, he would not persist m his motion. I am
certainlv not disposed to allow claims against the
| Government which I do not consider to be just.
: I think this is a clear case. The service was per-
| formed by order of the Senate, as has been fully
! proved, and has not been compensated: and it is
' proposed that the mother of the original peti-
tioner, who depended on his services, shall re-
i eeive it. The man was drowned in your service
, four years ago.
I The motion to refer was agreed to.
