1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tm
determining certain incidents in regard to the con-
duct of the choice—the transaction of making a
choice. What are they? Somebody in the State
is allowed by the x Constitution of the United
States to direct the time when the electidn shall
be had, subject to revision by the Congress of
the United States. Who is it that is authorized
to do this? Not a convention of the people, but
the Legislature. If, then, a convention of the people
of the State of Illinois had assumed to fix the time
for holding an election of Senators, either the act
would have been inoperative, or would only have
had effect as an act of ordinary legislation, be-
cause the convention could not interfere with, or
control, or direct, or restrain, the action of the
Legislature itself in this particular.
So also as to the place and as to the manner of
electing a Senator of the United States. The Con-
stitution of the United States knows no conven-
tion in the State. ^ It knows only the legislative
body for this particular transaction, and it makes
the action of that body independent entirely of
any control by the people themselves in regard to
the place and manner, as well as the time, of the
election.
This must necessarily be so, because the Con-
stitution of the Government of the United States
is perfect; it is complete; it is not a piece of patch-
work, made up of different elements, constituted
by different political bodies, but it is one whole
and complete institution of itself. The Constitu-
tion of the United States fixes and determines all
that can be determined by anybody in regard to
the organization and constitution of the Senate,
if this were not so, and we were to adopt a
different construction, it would never be known,
and it could never be known, what would be the
elements or constituent qualifications of the office
of a Senator in Congress; for it would depend, not
upon the Constitution of the United States, but
on the constitution of each of the thirty-one States,
and as many more States as shall hereafter be
admitted into the Union. It would be subject to
perpetual alteration and change by the people of
the several States, acting entirely without concert
or combination with each other, and tending to
confusion, disorganization, and distraction. No,
no, sir! The Constitution of the United States is
no such feeble, incompetent, wretched contrivance
as this.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing to the resolution of the Senator from Ken-
tucky. Is the Senate ready for that question?
Mr. PUGH. My colleague on the Judiciary
Committee, the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] desired an opportunity of expressing
his opinions on this question. He is the only
member of the committee who, after all this dis-
cussion, remains of the same opinion with my-
self. I did expect my learned friend from South
Carolina to remain firm; but as he has gone over
to the opposition entirely, I must beg the assist-
ance of the Senator from Georgia.
Mr. BUTLER. I have never changed my
opinion.
Mr. PUGH. I submit entirely to the pleasure
of the Senate whether the question shall lie over
until the Senator from Georgia have an oppor-
tunity to be heard.
Mr. BUTLER. I think my friend from Ohio
is mistaken in speaking of my relation to this
subject. I have been rcproached so often for my
silence, that I thought it proper to speak at last.
I did say, at first, that I was perfectly willing to
let the argument go on until the close of the debate,
but I could not do it. I am perfectly willing,
however, that the subject shall be postponed
according to the view expressed by the Senator
from Ohio.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Ohio submit a motion ?
Mr. PUGH. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject for the present.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope that motion will
not prevail. The Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Toombs] left here only yesterday—knowing that
this question was pending—to be absent three
weeks. Now, is it proper that a gentleman who,
I think, is as much entitled to a seat here as you
or I, or any member of this body, should be kept
in suspense, on account of the absence of a par-
ticular member, for three or four weeks? There
are, at least, four or five members now absent
who I know, from my communications with them,
will vote in favor of the right of this gentleman
to his seat; but I am willing that the question
shall be taken at once.
The Senators from Ohio and South Carolina
seem to have a little delicacy in speaking of what
they call the secrets of their committee room. If
it be a secret at all, I have acquired a knowledge
of the circumstance to which they allude in such
away as to permit me, in accordance with my
sense of propriety, to state how they were divided.
In the first place I deny that there is any secrecy
about it. I have a right to go into any com-
mittee room of this body at any time when I
please, and be present during the transaction of
committee business. I have a right to know the
opinions of a committee; and it is proper that the
Senate should know the opinions of the members
of the Committee on the Judiciary on a question
like this, for their opinions are calculated to have
a deserved influence. They may be so divided in
opinion that they cannot decide the question; but
it is proper for us to know how they are divided.
Their names are authority.
Now, sir, I beg leave to say, that if our friend,
the Senator from Georgia, [IVlr. Toombs,] were
here, he would vote that this gentleman is entitled
to a seat. He told me so the day before hp left,
and he told me so on previous occasions. He
probably agrees with the Senator from Ohio on
the first question, that the States may superadd
qualifications to those required by the Constitu-
tion of the United States; but he does not believe
that the constitution of Illinois applies to the
case of a Senator elected more than twelve months
after his resignation of the office of judge. His
opinion was expressed to me, and I talked to liirn
freely on it several times. The last conversation
which I had with him on the subject was on the
very day when he last appeared in the Senate
Chamber.
Mr. WELLER. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until to-morrow. I
understand that the Senator from Georgia will
probably not return for two or three weeks. Of
course it would be great injustice to the claimant
in this case to postpone the fuither consideration
of the question for so long a period as that; but I
know that some Senators have left the Chamber
to-day on my declaration that there would be no
vote taken. If the question should be taken, after
the expression of that opinion on my part, it
would of course place me in an unpleasant attitude
towards them. I move, theicfore, that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed until
to-morrow, with the understanding that we shall
then take the vote on it.
Mr. HALE. I wish to suggest to the Senator
from California that, as there is another special
order for to-morrow, we might postpone this until
the next day- [" Oh, no !5'] I make no objec-
tion to the Senator's motion.
Mr. WELLER. I know of no Senator who
desires to prolong the discussion; but if such
shall be the desire of any Senator to-morrow, I
should then be willing to make a motion to post-
pone this subject until the next day, in order that
the special order which has been assigned for to-
morrow may then be considered.
Mr. PUGH. My friend from South Carolina
thinks I have done him injustice in suggesting
that, at any time, he agreed m opinion with me
on this question. 1 have no disposition to do him
any injustice, and I will say that I was misled by
a vote which he gave on a former occasion in
committee. It seems that he did not consider it
a test vote, though I did; and, so understanding
it, I was misled. I did not intend to do him any
injustice. In reference to the Senator fiom Geor-
gia, 1 have only to say that lie did vote m com-
mittee with me on this question, and he told me
last Friday that he desired to be heard upon it, and
that he would speak in opposition, as I understood
him, to the right of Mr. Trumbull to continue in
his scat.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, so far as re-
gards the proceedings of the committee, I hold
that no one has a right to know them. It seems,
as I have said, that there was a mutation of opin-
ion in the committee, and I voted with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, on what he and others considered
a test question, to refer the matter back to the
Senate; that is the whole foundation for the state-
ment. I believe my friend from Missouri [Mr.
Geyer] will say that is the only committal I made.
Mr. GEYER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. I did it out of a desire to in-
dulge those gentlemen who wished to bring - the
case before the Senate.
Mr. Weller's motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED-
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the/—
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
winch then received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to changc the names of vessels in certain
cases;
An act authorizing the issue of a register or
enrollment to the bark Cabargo; and
An act to change the name of the brig Hibernia
to Victor of the Wave.
PAY OF THE NAVY.
Mr. HOUSTON, during the morning hour,
submitted the following resolution; which was
considered by unanimous consent and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Sccietary of the Navy he requested to
communicate to the Sun ate estimates of the amount of pay
of tho giado* of captains, commander*, lieutenants, masters,
passed midshipmen, and midshipmen, re>pectiveiy, of the
Navy, poor and subsequent to the pretended execution of
the •' Act to promote the efficiency of the Navy," February
28,183.'; and whether the aggregate of pay and the number
of grades of officers herein specified are the same as allowed
by the law prior to said act of February 28,1855.
Mr. HOUSTON subsequently said: I intro-
duced a resolution this morning, in which I desire
to have an alteration made by unanimous consent.
I desire to have the word 45 alleged5' substituted
for " protended." It is thought by some gentle-
men that unless this changc be made, the resolution
will be objectionable; therefore, I ask the consent
of the Senate to have the alteration made.
The PRESIDENT. It can be done only by
unanimous consent. If there be no objection, the
changc will be made.
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I think the com-
munications of the Secretary of the Navy with
this body have shown that there is no necessity
for using in a resolution of inquiry language
which would convey any reflection upon that offi-
cer with regard to the mode in which he has ex-
ecuted his duties. I should have no objection to
the resolution if it read in the ordinary way,
leaving out the word ''alleged" or "pretended."
The resolution would then read " execution of
the law." It seems to me that if either word be
inserted, it might be considered as casting some
re/lection on the Secretary of the Navy.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made to
the alteration, a motion to rcconsideris necessary.
The question is, theiofore, on reconsidering the
vote by whi^h the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe the Chair an-
nounced that the alteration would he made by
unanimous consent, and I supposed that it would
be done. I will remark, however, to the gentle-
man ffom North Carolina that in drafting this
resolution I had no intention to cast the least im-
putation on the Secretary of the Navy, because
I entertain for him the highest respect as a gen-
tleman and an officer. His ability is well known.
His excellence and purity of character I believe
are not questioned. I did think, however, that if
the resolution was not worded in the phraseology
which I employed, or in similar language, it
would be considered as amounting to at least an
implied indorsement of the action of the naval
board; and I do not intend mthc slightest degree
to imply an acquiescence in, or approval of, any-
thing done by that board. For this reason I
inserted the words "pretended execution;" but
as that language was thought by some to imply
perhaps a reflection on the Secretary of the Navy,
L was willing to substitute the word "alleged "
for " pretended," and I understood that it was
done.
I do not wish to have the passage of this reso-
lution delayed. I should be very willing to debate
the question, but I know it would lead to a dis-
cussion of the whole subject, and that is now
unnecessary. I confess I am somewhat tena-
cious about this matter, for I think nothing was
done properly by the board. I intend,however,
to cast no reflection on the Secretary of the Navy,
and I desire the Senate so to understand me. ^
Mr. WFXLER. I think the use of either
word would be a reflection on the Secretary of
