£168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
Mr. EVANS subsequently reported back the
resolution, from the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate, with
a favorable recommendation; and it wg.s adopted.
PAY OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, in deference
to the opinions of friends, and with a view to
conform to their notions, I submit a motion to.
reconsider the vote adopting the House amend-
ment to the bill to regulate the compensation of
members of Congress. I do not know whether
this motion is in order; I have been informed by-
some that it is not; if it is, I hope the motion
will prevail. My object is, if the bill shall be re-
considered, to remove from it the provision which
gives the increased payment to members a retro-
spective operation. I am told it has been once
reconsidered; whether a second reconsideration
is in order I do not know. That point is for
you, sir, to decide. But allow rrie to say that I
desire not to go away from the Senate differing
from those with whom I wish to agree, and for
whom I have great respect; for instance, my
friend from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] and my
friend from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter.] I have
great regard for the opinion of others; and if this
bill can be made more acceptable, as 1 under-
stand it can be, by giving it a prospective opera-
tion, beginning with the next session, and reliev-
ing it from its operation on the present session
for services which have been performed, I am
perfectly willing to agree to that—more than
willing, because we shall then have ten friends to
sustain it in public, to one now. My fnend
from Delaware may say what he pleases about
it; but there are two views taken of this subject;
one, its intrinsic merits, and the other, the man-
ner it will be regarded by the public.
I do not hesitate to say that I believe this is a
good bill in its provisions, and the most practical
in its operation to save the Treasury. As I un-
derstand the bill, those who have been absent at
this session will have their time subtracted. I
have been absent very nearly two months, and I j
State that to the Secretary, so that the deduction i
may be made from me. After all, there will not 1
be a great addition to the members who have been |
working here all the time. I have been absent,
and I know that a great many others have been
absent; but let the bill go into operation as it is, ]
with the provision requiring members to be pres-
ent, or Iokc tlnirpay, and 1 believe we .shall save
money to the Treasury. 1 submit the motion to
reconsider. It is for you, sn, to say whether the
motion is in order.
Mr. WELLElt.It can be received by unani-
mous consent.
The PRESI DENT pro tempore. The vote has
been once reconsidered, and theie can be but one
motion to reconsider.
Mr. BUTLER. Well, sir, I have discharged
my duty.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PEARCK. The committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill of the House of Representatives (No.
71) making appropriations lor the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the
various Indian tiibes, for the year ending the
30th of June, 1857, having met, after a full and
free conference, do recommend to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the House recede from its disagreement
to the sixteenth amendment of the Senate, with
an amendment to add at the end of the section
the words:
The yearly pay of inteipretors in that State phall in no
case exceed ,$1,000. j
The sixteenth Senate amendment is one which j
repeals the limitation previously made in regard j
to the salary of interpreters in California. The '
committee propose to add a limitation, so that !
the interpreters in California shall not have more
than $1,000. i
Mr. WELLER. The amendment did not re-
peal the law, butapplied to California, and placed
interpreters on the same footing there with other .
employes of the Government. * J
Mr. PEARCE. The report is further, that >,
the House do recede from its disagreement to the !
sixty-fourth amendment of the Senate, with an I
amendment thereto, &s follows: In line seven f
strike out the word "made," and insert "and
filed in the Department of the Interior." That
amendment provides for a commission to examine
claims for Indian depredations m New Mexico.
The amendment which is now proposed by the
committee of conference simply provides that the
claims to be examined shall be those heretofore
made and filed in the Department of the Interior.
We also propose to add to that clause:
Provided, That nothing herein shall be construed to bind
the United States to make payment of said claims.
It was feared that it might be inferred, from
the tenor of the amendment, that the United States
would be bound imperatively to pay these claims
as reported by the commission. This proviso is
inserted to guard against that result.
The committee also recommend that the Senate
recede from their fifty-ninth, sixty-first, sixty-
fifth, and sixty-seventh amendments. I will state
what they are.
The fifty-ninth amendment is one which pro-
vided for the payment of interest to Mr. Henley
on money which he had borrowed m California.
The sixty-first is one which related to the assign-
ments of Indian land warrants—a provision that
the certificate might be given to the assignee,
whether the consideration was in money or goods.
The sixty-fifth made provision for the payment
of certain sums of money to certain Cherokee
Indians, now in North Carolina, under a treaty.
It is supposed that this might well lie over until
another year, there being some doubt whether
North Carolina has assented to the provision.
The sixty-seventh amendment is one providing
for the claim of Faribault and wife.
The committee also recommend that the House
of Representatives concur in the fifty-eighth,
sixty-second, and sixty-third amendments of the
.Senate. The fifty-seventh amendment is one
which provides a penalty to be imposed on those
who, after being ejected from Indian territory
for a violation of the intercourse law with the
Indians, shall return thereto. The sixty-second
is an amendment which relates to a treaty pro-
vision under which an Indian named Spunk or
Bald Frog claims. The sixty-third is an amend-
ment which provides for an additional Indian
agent east of the Rocky Mountains.
1 send the report to the Chair, and move that
the Senate eoncAr in the report of the committee.
The report was concurred in.
ORDER OF BUSINESS ON MONDAY.
Mr. STUART. It is known to all that, in the
last hours of the session, we frequently get very
much confused in our business, and not unfre-
quently we do things which we ought not to do.
I oiler a resolution in respect to the session of
Monday, and the character of business which
shall be considered on that day:
Resolved, That wlien iho Senate adjourn^ to-day it be to
meet on Monday next at ton o'clock, and ili.it tionejmt
appropnation bill-, House hills, and InlN in respect to which
Hicie Minll he a di^a^ieenient between the limine and {Sen-
ate, shall be eon-idercd by the Senate on that day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Say eight o'(lock.
Mr. BROWN and others. Nine o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of lown. "We shall not have
time to compare the bills if we meetat ten o 'clock.
It ought to he at eight or nine o'clock, at all events.
Mr. STUART. I will say nine o'clock.
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. EVANS. I move now to take up the bill
(II. R. No. 154) to provide for the settlement or
the claims of the officers of the revolutionary
army, and the widows and orphan children of
those who died in the service. I trust the Senate
will dispose of the bill.
Mr. STUART. I hope we shall be permitted
to go on with the appropriation bills. I trust the
Senate will not agree to this motion now.
Mr. ADAMS. The chairman of the Com-
mittee oil Finance agreed that the special order
should not be taken up until half past one o'clock,
with the distinct understanding that this morn-
ing, so soon as the morning business should be
disposed of, House bills which gave rise to no
debate should be considered. I hope we shall go
on with them, and be able to get through with
them in ample time to consider the bill of the
honorable Senator from South Carolina. They ;
have had to wait morning after morning, and it !
is very important that those bills should be dis- I
posed of. I
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from South Car-
olina.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 22, noes 15.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, this oill,according
to the best advice I can get, proposes to appro-
priate $10,000,000 for the payment of those claims.
It is to redound mainly to the benefit of the vul-
tures who prey about the Capitol on the bounties
of this Government. It is to redound to the ben-
efit of claim agents, who have been harassing me
ever since I have had a seat in this body, to go
for these claims, and who have, to my knowledge,
been traversing the country and sending their
letters throughout the country, sometimes by the
aid, I regret to say, of members of Congiess,
hunting up the children of revolutionary officers,
and bargaining with them in advance for a large
per centum on the amount which they may re-
alize. I have had many letters from my own
constituents, inclosing the communications of
these claim agents, and telling me they were as-
sured by them, as the letters proved, that they
were entitled to a large amount from the Gov-
ernment, and proposing for twenty, thirty, and
even fifty per cent.
I do not think I can be persuaded to vote for
this bill under any circumstances; but I am sure
that I shall not vote for it with the lights now
before me. I trust the Senate will not consider
it to the exclusion of other measures of impor-
tance, and about which there can be no dispute.
I trust they will not vote blindly this appropria-
tion of $10,000,000. It is too grave a matter to
be passed now without debate. It cannot pass
without debate. If those who are in favor of it
are in the majority, and will press it on the con-
sideration of the Senate, I tell them they will not
get a vote on it to-day. For these reasons, I
move tn lay the bill on the table—I believe that
prevents debate; and on this motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. EVANS. May I be allowed to say one
word ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.' The question
is not debatable.
Mr. EVANS. The Senator from Alabama is
speaking about that of which he knows nothing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not de-
batable.
Mr. EVANS. The utmost amount which this
bill can ever call for will not be more than three
and a half millions of dollars.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to ask a question. If
the bill be laid on the table now, can it be called
up in December?
Mr. CLAY. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
have passed a resolution continuing the business
of this session to the next.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Laying it
on the table disposes of it only for this session,
and it can be called up at the next session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) It can be taken from the table on
any day.
Mr. CASS. As the son of a revolutionary
officer, I am personally interested in this matter,
and cannot vote on it.
Mr. FISH. I also have a personal interest in
this bill, and decline to vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS — Me^rs. Adam<, Bayard, Biggs, Brown, Clay,
Clayton, Fitzpatriek, Geyer, Houston, Junes of Tennessee,
Alailory, iVht-.on, Peaice, Pngli, Lieid, Sebastian, Shdell,
Stu.ut, Thomp-on of Kentucky, Toumhs, Trumbull, Wel-
ler. and Yuieu-23.
NAY?*—Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tcnnes->pe, Bsgler, Unght, Broiihead, Colhimer, Crittenden,
Dodge, Douglas, Durkoe. Evana, Foot, Foster, Hale, Har-
lan, James, Jones of Jowa, Piatt, Seward, Thomson of
JSiew Jer&ey, Wade, Wilson, and Wnght—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. TOOMBS. I believe that when this bill
was postponed before I was about half through a
speech.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely wish to make a
motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I give notice that I have no
disposition to forego my rights.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to postpone this bill
