558
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 5,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
Serjeant-at-Arms, such an order ini my judgment
would not merely be irregular, but void, for
want of authority; and the Sergcant-at-Arms
•would be liable to an action of trespass, if he ex-
ecuted the order for the infringement of the per-
gonal rights of the person whom he so arrested.
There is another objection to these resolutions,
that the length of time necessary for the inves-
tigation proposed would prevent a disposition
during this session of the whole question, and of
the nominations which have been made by the
President.
Further, there is the objection, that the second,
at least, of these resolutions involves an assump-
tion of executive functions, which the law has
delegated to the board of officers and to the Pres- ,
ident; and, without some statute authorizing it,
the Senate have no right to appoint a committee
to advise with the President in matters not within
their constitutional powers. The last objection
is, that, if my views of the law of 1856 are correct,
the resolution is entirely unnecessary, for that
law ought to be repealed, as being unwise and
unjust, without references to any facts as to the
proceedings under it other than those which are
already well known.
My objection to th'e resolution of the honorable
Senator from Georgia, who sits on my right,
[Mr. Toombs,] is, that it tends to delay; and fur-
ther, that the information which it seeks we have
already, unless we determine to discriminate as
to the decision of the Executive in individual
cases, which is not within the scope of our au-
thority under the law. That resolution Squires
the Secretary of the Navy to procure and lay
before the Senate the charge or charges, cause or
causes, (specifically set forth by the members of
the late naval board,) for which the several offi-
cers of the Navy were removed or disrated, who
have applied, or may apply, or in whose behalf
applications may have been presented, to the
Senate for redress against the alleged injustice of
this board.
The answer of the president of the board,which
is appended to the report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, gives all the information which
you can expect to derive under that resolution.
And further, if the view which I intend to present
of this act of 1855, its construction by the Exec-
utive, and the proceedings under it, be correct,
the resolution becomes entirely unnecessary.
The next resolution is that offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] by
the authority of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
which proposes to authorize that committee " to
send for persons and papers, to enable them to,
investigate matters pending before that commit-
tee." My objections to this resolution are, that
it is inconsistent with the course recommended
by the committee in their report; and that, if
they have not prejudged individual cases, yet
with great deference to them, it seems to me,
from their report, that they have prejudged the
general action under the law; and, therefore, if
we are to have a committee of examination, and
have authority to appoint one, the Committee on
Naval Affairs do not, in my judgment, stand so
entirely unbiased that the authority should be
delegated to them.
My further objection to this resolution is, that
it cannot be cxpected that we shall leave this ex-
amination to any committee of the Senate until
Congress has determined by legislation that it
cannot or will not remedy the evils which have
flowed from its own action. Besides, it is an as-
sumption of executive power by the Senate when
not in executive session.
Mr. President, if a law has been unwisely exe-
cuted, or the proceedings under it, from any
cause, have not met the approbation of Congress,
I do not doubt that we may, and should, by legis-
lation, apply a remedy; but I do question the
authority of the Senate to assume executive power
as to the administration of a law in individual
cases when its due execution has been intrusted
to the President, unless in the exercise of that
incidental power to check abuses which has been
acted upon in executive session when nomina-
tions supposed to arise out of the abuse of power
have come before us. The propriety of repealing
laws, and providing remedies where those laws
practically have been found injurious, was exem-
plified in the case of the bankrupt law. The
power cannot be doubted. The bankrupt law
was passed at the first session of one Congress,
and repealed at the third session of the same
Congress, because W was found that—though
there might be benefits accruing from its passage
—tlie wide-spread frauds to which it led would
prove far more injurious to the community, if it
was differed to become permanent, than any
benefit it could confer. If I can succeed in estab-
lishing, to the satisfaction of the Senate, that this
law of 1855 is wrong in principle,and odious, no
just reason can be given why a different Con-
fress—though some members of this body may
e the same as those who were actors in the pas-
sage of the law—should not retrace the steps
which have been taken, and provide, by appro-
priate legislation, for the evils which have flowed
from the law, from an erroneous construction of
the law, or from improper action under it.
On a former occasion, Mr. President, I stated
that the vice was in the law itself—that the errors
and the evils which had followed it were inevita-
ble, no matter what officers had been placed upon
the naval board. To sustain this position I will
recur, first, to the history of legislation on this
subject, and will then proceed to the exposition
of the law and its intent, as I read and under-
stand it.
I do not deny the necessity of reform in the
Navy. It cannot be doubted. Afler long years
of peace, in any and in every Navy, under the
rule of seniority which I suppose to be essential,
(and which the-committee recognize as an essen-
tial rule to guard against personal favor and po-
litical injustice,) many incompetent officers must
unavoidably exist in the Navy. You are obliged
to have in your Navy more officers than you can
keep in constant employment. It would be prac-
tically impossible to maintain a Navy on the
basis of retaining only such a number of officers
as could be kept constantly employed. The duty
could not be performed. You would deny to the
officer the common comforts of domestic life:
married or single you would deny to him the en-
joyment of a home. Therefore, practically, your
officers must consist of probably twice, or per-
haps three times, the number that can be engaged
in active service, if you mean to keftp up a naval
establishment. That abuses will necessarily arise
during a long peace under this state of things—
that incompetent officers may retain their position
cannot be doubted; that they may attain high
rank is also certain; but the existence of an abuse
forms no reason for an improper mode for remedy-
ing it, or for the exercise of individual injustice
in the application of the remedy.
In every service there must be variances in
the capacities of the different officers who are
employed. If the expectation is indulged by any
member of this body that you can, under any
system whatever, obtain for your Navy officers
who shall be equal to a Stewart, or a Decatur, it
will prove a vain expectation. "In war there is
less difficulty in discrimination than during peace;
for the opportunity is then given, which seldom
occurs in peace, for the exhibition of that high
ca'pacityand merit which enables their possessor
to establish his proper position beyond the reach
of cavil, or the variance of opinion, which might
otherwise arise from personal partiality or polit-
ical bias.
I proceed now, sir, to the origin and "history of
the difficulties in regard to reform-in the Navy.
In 1842, which is about the time of the commence-
ment of the complaints in reference to the want
of morale in the personnel of the Navy, the Con-
gress of the United States passed a law limiting
the grade of midshipmen to the number which
existed in January, 1841. The reason and the
necessity of this law arose from the fact, that in-
dividual solicitation, and personal and political
influence, had, under executive authority, over-
crowded the junior walks of the profession. Yet,
sir, the Congress of the United States, with an
inconsistency which is to be deplored, in 1848,
though the evil existed and was felt, and the com-
plaints were still made, removed the restriction
of the law of 1842 so as to increase the number of
midshipmen to four hundred and sixty-four.
Junior officers being brought into the service in
such disproportion to the number which the law
limited in the superior grades, necessarily, after
years of service, became impatient for promotion.
Theirindividual influence andthatof their friends
were exerted to attain what really was necessary
to a limited extent—reform in the personnel of the
Navy; but it tended also to carry that reform too
far. That was the natural effect. I shall refer
to the history of the legislation, or rather at-
tempted legislation, in relation to naval reform as
briefly as 1 can, and trace the steps which led to
the act of February, 1855, for the purpose of
showing that this is the first instance in which
either House of Congress has passed a law to
which such decided objections in principle exist.
In 1844, when the first bill which 1 can find
passed either House of Congress, a bill was re-
ported by my brother, (who was then a member"
of the Sedate and chairman of the Committee on
Naval Affairs,) with a view to reform in the Navy.
That bill passed the Senate with amendments,
but was not acted upon by the House of Repre-
sentatives. I will state its substance: It is enti-
tled " A bill concerning furloughs in the naval
service." It provides, in its first section, that the
Secretary of the Navy be authorized to convene
a board of officers, of not less than four nor more
than seven members, to take into consideration
the case of any officer whom he may desire to
put on furlough; that the decision of the majority
of the board shall be final and conclusive, and
from the time of that decision the officer be placed
on furlough. The officer is aiso, by the same
provision, put out of employment, and is allowed
one half the rate of his sea grade pay. It also
provided that if, in the opinion of a majority of
the board, the case of any officer was one proper
to be tried by court-martial, for any offense or
offenses committed by him, they should certify
this opinion to the Secretary of the Navy, and a
court-martial should then be ordered. There was
no right to dismiss under this bill. It simply pro-
vided for a retired list upon furlough. It further
provided that the members of the board should
be sworn or affirmed by the presiding officer; that
the individual whose case was submitted to the
board should have due notice given him by the
Secretary of the Navy, of the reasons to be sub-
mitted to the board for their decision,and should
have the right to appear before the board in per-
son, and make such explanations as he should
think proper, in writing or by parol.
But, sir, the Senate of the United States were
not satisfied with the bill reported by that com-
mittee, and among other amendments which are
immaterial they added this:
" The said board shall have authority to summon all such
witnesses as they may think necessary and proper, and to
examine them on oath or affirmation, to be administered by
the presiding officer."
Here we have notice to the party; the right of
trial was secured, though the effect of the decis-
ion was simply to place the officer on furlough pay
out of the line of promotion, and no authority
granted to drop any officer from the service.
This was the legislation of the Senate in 1844.
The difference between the provisions of this bill
and that which passed in 1855 is so obvious as to
rendercomment unnecessary. In 1853, another bill
was passed by the Senate, reported by my friend
from New Jersey, (Commodore Stockton,) who
was then a member of this body, and had been
himself a highly distinguished officer in the ser-
vice. This bill provided for the establishment
of a board of officers; but it provided, as a check
upon what otherwise would be the evils of such
a b<fard, that every officer of the Navy of the two
highest grades, and sixty of the senior lieuten-
ants, should, before the sitting of the board, with-
out consultation, report, on honor, to the Presi-
dent, the name of each and every officer who, in
his judgment, ought to be furloughed, dropped,
or retired. There was, therefore, a controlling
influence, and the board were to take up and ex-
amine the cases founded on the majority of the
opinions so expressed and obtained. It also^pro-
vided that the opinion which the Executive wtis
authorized to require, on honor, without consult-
ation, from all the captains and commanders, and
sixty of the senior lieutenants, as to the qualifi-
cations of their brother officers, should include
disqualification from infirmity of health, or any
other cause '«not qff'ecting their moral tharacter.'
