1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAirGLOBE.
2169
to the second Monday of December next, and
make it the special order for that time. I am
satisfied that we cannot consider it now. I am
sure there is one amendment which ought to be
inserted m ihe bill, and that is in reference to the
right of representation. I move to postpone it
to the second Monday of December.
Mr. TOOMBS. Say the third Monday. We
do nothing; the first week or ten days of a session.
Mr. BAYARD. I am satisfied with that.
Mr. MALLORY and Mr. SEWARD called
• for the yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. oIGrLER. I shall vote for the motion to
postpone. My inclinations are somewhatin favor
of this bill. There are many of my constituents
anxious for its passage, but 1 am not sufficiently
informed to vote on it without discussion. 1 am
anxious to hear discussion develop the entire !
subject, because I am not prepared to vote; and I
believe the Senate cannot, at this late day of the
session, properly examine and dispose of the
bill. 1 shall vote to postpone it until December.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 15; as follows:
YEAf>—Messrs. Adam*, Alien, Bayaid, Biyler, Brmht,
Brown, Clay, Clayton, Ci ittemien, Dodge, Douglas, Fitz-
pdtnek, Gejei, Houston, Hmm-r, Iver&oii, Jatne-, Jones of
Tennessee. Mullory, Mason, Pearce, Piutt, I'ugh, Reid,
Sebastian. Shdell. Stuart. Thompson of Kentucky, "Toombs,
Trumbull. Welter, and Yulee—3->
NAYS-.Mi^r,. Bull oi New Hampshire, Hell of Ten-
nessee. Oolhuner. iJurkee., Evan-, Foot, Foster. Halo. Har-
lan. Jones of Iowa. Seward, Thomson ot New Jersey,
Wade, Wilson, and Wright—15.
So the bill was postponed to the third Monday
of December, and made the special oider for that
day.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER.
Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, Thar the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to the Senate, at the commencement of' the ne\t
session, an estimate of tlie  ums required lor connecting the
ice-bieakei with the break watei at the enhance of the Del-
a\\ are li<iy, and {or cieetms a >tone mole ot piei lot landing
at or neai the ta-n land opposite the breakwatei ; ami al-o
for a niaune hospital at Lewi-town, as an asylum tor 1
wrecked, sick, oi disties-scd be.mien, with the opinions of ;
himself and ol the chief etiyineei oi the advantage and neces, j
eity of said vvoiks respectively; and that a *nmlai e-ninate j
for a l)ieak water on Crow's shoal, near Cape May, with the ,
opinions of the &ame ofiiceis ol the advantage and neces-
sity of Mich a protection toi the navigation ;md commerce
Of the United States, be communicated at the same time.
' LIGHT-HOUSE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave to inform the J
Senate, that I have the misfortune to be charged '!
with one of the general appropriation bills. It Is
is perfect as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, with the exception of one or two
verbal alteiauons, which will take no time to
consider. It can be taken up and vtfted on. It
is the bill making appropriations for light-houses
and buoys. I ask that it be now taken up.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 thought that the distinct
understanding of the Senate, yesterday, was that
an hour or two should be devoted to the consid-
eration of private bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. SEWARD. If this bill be passed, it will
be one obstacle out of the way of private bills.
It is only a small appropriation bill.
Mr. WELLER. My understanding is like
that of the Senator from Louisiana, that we were
to take up private bills before one o'clock; other-
wise I should be compelled to make a motion to
take up the supplementary Army appropriation
bill, which should be acted on during the present
session.
Mr. SEWARD. The honorable Senator will
indulge me in one word. My bill can be passed
in the time that it takes to make a speech. It
will occupy but a few minutes. Let us pass it,
and get it out of the way.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
that I have anv objection to the motion of the
Senator from Xew York; but private bills from
the House of Representatives have been post-
poned from day to day, with a general under-
standing that yesterday a few hours should be
devoted to them. Then they were postponed
until to-day. Why not take them up now? I
hope the friends of the private bills of the House
of Representatives will vote down this propo-
sition, and insist on having until half past one
o'clock for their consideration.
Mr. SEWARD. The appropriation bills must
all be enrolled, and they are very long.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New York
to take up the bill (H. R. No. 451) making ap-
propriations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys,
&c., and providing for the erection and estab-
lishment of the same, and for other purposes.
Thj* motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill which was reported from the Committee
on Commerce with amendments, the first of wh ich
was to add to the clause, "for rebuilding the
light-house at Black river, Ohio, $7,300," the
words:
And for the completion of the rebuilding and repair? of
the west pier am! pier-head upon which said imht-house is
eieeted, and connecting the biune with the shore, $11,026.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out " hun-
dred," and insert " thousand," so as to make
the appropriation for a light-house at the mouth
of the An Sable river, on Lake Huron, $5,000.
Mr. SEWARD. That is to correct a clerical
mistake.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. There is a further amend-
ment in the third section, which directs the dis-
continuance of certain lights. The amendment
is to insert after the word kk discontinued," " pro-
vided the Secretary of the Treasury shall so
direct.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. There is no other
appropriation bill to which the amendment that I
proposed last night from the Naval Committee
can be attached. Last night there was so much
confusion and impatience at the particular hour
of the night, when this amendment was offered,
that I withdrew it. I renew it now, in order to
do justice to the clerks at the navy-yard in Wash-
ington. Iam certain gentlemen did not under-
stand it, or they would not have objected to it.
These clerks are entitled, under the act of 1854, to
twenty per cent., which was allowed to them as
well as the clerks in the Executive Departments;
but, by an accidental omission, no appropriation
has been made to pay it. As by adding it to this
bill they can get the compensation allowed them
by that act, I hope there will be no objection to
the amendment, which is:
Jiml he itjinihtr rnucteJ. Tli.it the eleiks and others in
the Washiti«ion navv yaid -hall be entitled to the compen-
sation nntiioiized b\ ihe art appiovcd Apni OJ, 1W1, the
estimate loi the pa) merit of which lias been accidentally
omitted.
I have the law here.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. If it is m order now to move
to increase the compensation of the armorers on
this bill, 1 move that amendment. It is one winch
was ruled out of a bill of die Senator from Vir-
ginia, and merely intends to give the armorers and
blacksmiths at the mat me barracks fifty cents a
day m addition to the e.ompi nsannn they nowget.
Mr. SEWARD. May 1 ask the honorable
Senator to stale what ins proposition is?
Mr. BROWN. 1 mo\e to lncren.v the com-
pensation ot the blacksmiths and armorers at the
marine barracks fifty ceo is a day.
Mr. SEWARD. Bie.ss> my soul and body,
Mr. President! this is the only appropriation bill
that I ever had the honor to have charge of. It is
a bill for light-houses—not new light-houses, but
old light-houses—to furnish them with gas and
oil. 1 want to know whether it is the sense of
the Senate that all the other appropriation bills
shall be kept clea n, and that which comes through
my hands shall be encumbered and embarrassed
with appropriations for armorers, blacksmiths,
sailors, and marines! I object most earnestly.
Air. BROWN. If the Senator had interposed
the objection when the Senator from Tennessee
made the proposition to increase the compensa-
tion of clerks, he would have been m time.
Air. BELL, of Tennessee. I make no such
proposition.
Mr. BROWN. What was it3
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. There is no appro-
priation m an appropriation bill to pay them
according to law. I proposed it here, not as a
new law.
Mr. BROWN. I did not say the Senator pro-
posed a new law.
Mr. STUART. I make a question of order,
that this amendment cannot be in order on this
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Mississippi has not sent to the Chair any
amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. X have an amendment to
offer. It is to insert, after the appropriation fof
buoys in Pensacola bay:
That the Secretary of the Navy cause a thorough sur-
vey and examination to be made by a boaid of military
and civil engineers, of the condition and prohahle duration
of the wooden dock at the Pensacoia navy-yard, together
with the annual expense of maintaining it in repair; and
also the cost of constructing, in heu thereof, upon the most
approved plan, a permanent stone dock at that yard, for
docking the largest naval vessel which the waters on the
bar of Pensacola admit.
Mr. SEWARD. This is not a proper bill for
that amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. Is there a point' of order
raised ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New York objects to the amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. On a point of order?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
objects to the reception of the amendment.
Mr. MALLORY. On the ground that it is
not germane to the bill ? I ask the Chair to de-
cide that point.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has aright to submit it to the Senate. The Chair
will submit the question.
The Senate refused to receive the amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed; and the amendments made as in Committee
of the Whole were concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time.
The bill was read a third time and passed.
PATAPSCO RIVER BILL VETO.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the Senate to be kind
enough to let the vote be now taken on the bill
making appropi iations for the improvement of
the Patap.sco river, which passed this body and
the other House, and has been vetoed by the
President. It will not lead to discussion, and
ought to be voted on at some period during the
session. I hone it will be taken up now.
Mr. WELLER. I have a bill which I am
anxious to get op, making additional appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending 30th June, 2857, which was originally
reported from the Committee on Military Affairs,
and referred to the Committee on Finance, and
has comc back from them. It contains some
provisions which in my judgment are indispens-
ably necessary for the War Department dumig
the ensuing year.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope the motion will be
voted down, so that we can proceed to the con-
sideration of private bills from the House for
the rest of the time left us, before the hour fixed
for the special order—half past one o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the duty
of the Chair to state the motion of the Senator
ftorn Maryland.
Mr. WELLER. I take it for granted we
shall have no debate on that bill, but will simply
proceed to take the vote as the Constitution re-
cjuires. I have therefore no objection.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to reconsider the bill for the improvement
of the Patapsco river, and to render the port of
Baltimore accessible to the war steamers of the
United States, which had been returned by the
President with hisobjeetions, the question being:
" Shall the bill pass, the President's objections to
the contrary notwithstanding?"
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
as required by the Constitution, resulted as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire,
Hell of Tennessee, Oa> s. Clayton, Collamer, Dodge, L)ur-
kec, Fish, Foot. Foster, Geyer, Hale, Harlan, Jinnee Jones
ol Iowa, Jones of Tennew-ce, Pearce, Pratt, Pugh, Reward,
Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jeisey,
Tannbull, Wade, and Wright—28.
NAYS—Messrs Adam*, Biaas. Biglor, Bnght, Bmdhead,
B.own,Butler, Clay. Evan*, Fitzpatrick, Houston. Hunter,
ivorson, Mullory, Mason, Reid, Toombs, Weilcr, and
Yulee—19.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Two thirds
of the Senate not having voted in favor' of the
bill, it is not passed.
