1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
569
Mr. WASHBTJRNE. I call for tellers upon
seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pringle and
Winslow were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 62.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put,
being " Shall the bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?"
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope that motion will
be voted down.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Walbridge were appointed.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to make an inquiry,
Mr. Speaker. Was there not a resolution adopted
the other day closing dehate on this bill in Com-
mittee of the Whole; andif this bill should be now
recommitted to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, could any debate take
place there ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution adopted by
the House does not call upon the Chair to decide
the question at this time.
Mr. BOYCE. The five-minute debate would
still continue.
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 59, noes 65.
So the motion to recommit the bill was not
agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does the previous ques-
tion extend to the engrossment of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. Yes; it applies first to the
amendment, and then to the engrossment.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE. What is the first ques-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The next question is on the
first amendment reported by the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, which is,
strike out the following :
For increased salary of the Governor of NewMexico, per
act of the 27th of July, 1854, $1,929 35.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I call for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. The proviso to that clause
which was put in in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union is lost; there is no chance
of voting on that now ?
The SPEAKER. It is not reported.
Mr. HOUSTON. I knew that; and 1 just
wanted to place the question properly before the
House. If we fail to concur with the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union in
this amendment, we leave that section in without
a proviso limiting it at all.
Mr. MARSHALL. That is exactly what I
want.
The question was then taken; and there were
—yeas 78, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Bingham, Bishop, Boyce,
Branch, Bienton, Buffinton, Clawson, Williamson R. YV.
Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Crajge, Crawford, Cnllen, Day,
Dodd, Dnmi, Ed Will ds, Emrie, English, Flagler, Galloway,
Granger, Grow, Harlar), Thomas L. Ham**, Haven, Hoff-
man, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Houston,
Gcoige W. Jones, Kennett, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox,
Lake, Leiter, Lumpkin, McOarty, McMulhn, Killian Mil-
lei, Millson, Morgan, Molt, Murray, Mordecai Oliver, Orr,
Pame, Pennington, Porter, Quitman, Eeady, Ritchie, Rob-
bllis, Rufflll, Sabm, Scott, Sherman, Shorter, Simmons,
William R. Smith, Spinner, Thnnngtnn, Todd, Trafton,
Underwood, Vail, Wade,Wallimlge, Waldron,Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Isiael Washburn, Wmslow, Woodruff,
Daniel B. Wiight, and John V. Wnght—78.
NAYS —Messis. Aiken, Allison, B.ubour, Barksdale,
Bell, Henry Bennett, Benson, BilUngburst, Bocock, Bowie,
Bradshaw, Bioom, Burlmgame, Burnett, Cadwalader,
James £1. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaf-
fee, Ezra Clark, Clingman, Cumback, Davidson, Henry
Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Denver, Dick, Dickson,
Durfee, Euatis, Evans, Florence, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, J Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Harnson,
Herbert, Hickman, Howard, Keitt, Kelly, Knight, Letcher,
Humphrey Marshall, Meacham, Moore, Moirill, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, Paiker, Pearce, Peck, Pelton, Phelps,
Powell, Pringle, Purviance, Puryear, Ricaud, Rivers,
Roberts, Rust, Sage, Sandidge, Stranalian, Svvope,Talbott,
Taylor, Tyson, Valk, Wake-man, Walker, Warner, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Watkins, Wheeler, Williams, and Wood-
worth—79.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CHAFFEE announced that his colleague,
Mr. Comins, had paired off with Mr. Stewart.
Mr. TALBOTT announced that he had been
requested by his colleague, Mr. Jewett, to state
that he had to leave Washington, his presence
being required in Kentucky; but that, before he
left, he had paired off with Mr. Bingham to the
1st of April.
Mr. SHERMAN announced that his colleague,
Mr. Sapp, had paired off with Mr. Dowdell.
Mr. SHORTER stated that his colleague, Mr.
Dowdell, had paired off with Mr. Sapp from the
28th of February to the 12th of March; and also
from the 11th of March to the 18th of that month
with Mr. Pike.
Mr. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the
vote just taken, and also movj>d to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the
following hills; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
An act authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to change the names of vessels in certain
cases;
An act to authorize the issue of a register or
enrollment to the bark Cabargo; and _
An act to change the name of the brig Hibernia
to Victor of the Wave.
DEFICIENCY BILL—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on con-
curring in the following amendment, reported by
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union:
Strike out from line 75 to line 79, as follows :
To compensate the cleik of the United States district
court for the State of Connecticut, for making certified
copies of all copyrights recorded in his office between
January, 1846, and Februaiy, 1852, $-90 25.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have a commu-
nication in reference to this subject, received by
the Committee of Ways and Means, from the
Secretary of State. It explains the whole matter,
and I hope the House will consent to have it read.
The SPEAKER. It can only be read by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BOOOCK. I rise to a question of order.
My name, Mr. Speaker, seems to be recorded in
the negative on the vote taken a short time ago
in reference to the compensation of the Governor
of New Mexico. I had not attended to the de-
bate, do not know the merits of the question, and
did not vote upon the question. My name, how-
ever, is recorded in the negative. If my name
were stricken out, it would make the vote a tie
vote. I ask the consent of the House to have the
Journal corrected. I certainly did not vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Journal becorrected,
then it puts it in the power of the Speaker to vote
either in the affirmative or negative.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I object to the correc-
tion of the Journal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has a right to have it corrected. The Jour-
nal represents him as voting in the negative, while
he did not vote at all. The Journal will be cor-
rected; and the Chair will announce the vote.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I was absent this morning
when the vote was taken, not being aware that
this question was up. I ask the unanimons con-
sent of the House to vote.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The yeas are 78, the nays
78; the Chair votes in the negative.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask whether the vote to
reconsider and lay on the table now operates after
this change ?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I now move to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was non-
concurred in; and I also move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. MORGAN. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
On a division as to ordering the yeas and nays,
the Speaker announced that there was no quorum
voting.
Mr. MARSHALL. I withdraw my motion
to reconsider.
Mr. MORGAN. I renew the motion.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask whether the gentle-
man from New York has a right to make that
motion ?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from New
York voted with the prevailing §ide, he has the
right.
Mr. MORGAN. I am glad to say I did not.-
The motion to reconsider was withdrawn.
The question recurred upon the second amend-
ment reported from the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask to have the
communication from the State Department, which
I send to the Clerk's desk, read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state to the gentle-
man from Alabama, that we have received a com-
munication from the Secretary of State which
explains 
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not care. I objcct to
anything being read. The House has, upon the
gentleman's own motion, ordered the previous
question upon the bill, cutting off all debate,- and
I object to anything in the nature of discussion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Very well.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time, and being engrossed, it was read the
third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I demand the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. EDIE. I demand the yeas and nays upon
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 110; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Bell, Boyce, Uradshaw, Branch, Cadwalader, Jaines H.
Campbell, Lewis i). Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Cling-
man, Covode, Cox, Crawford, Cumback, Hemy Winter
Davis, Dav, Dick, Dickson, Durfee, Etheridvje, Faulkner,
Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Grow, Hickman, Howard, Kid-
well, Knight, Letcher, Alexander K. Marshall, Moore,
Mott, Muuay, On, Peek, Phelps, Purviance, Puryear, Ri-
caud, Richardson. Roberts, Sage, Spinner, Stranalian,
Swope, Talhott, Vail, and Dnniel B. Wncfht—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barksdale, Benson, Billinahurst,
Binsliain, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Biemon, Brook>, Broom,
Buffinton, Buthnganie, Claw<on, Williamson R W. Cobb,
Colfax, Cullen, Davidson, Timothy Dnvis, Dodd. Dunn,
Edie, Emrie. English, Eustis, E\rans, Flagler, Galloway,
Gianger, Greenwood, Augustus Hail, Uobeit B. Hall. Hai-
lan, J. Mornson l-Iani , Sampson W. llams. Harrison,
Haven, Ileibert, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Valentine B. lloiron, Houston, George W. Jones, Kelly,
Kelsey, Kennett, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Lake. Leiter,
Lumpkin, Hum phi ey Maishall, McCarty, McMuilin,
Meacham, Kilhan Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Nor-
ton, Andiew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Pame, Parker,
Pearce, Pflton, Pennington, Perry, Porter, Pnn^Ie, Quit
man, Ready, Ritchie, Rivers, Robbins, Ruffm. Rust. Sabin,
Sandidge, Scott, Sherman, Shorter, Simmons, William
Smith, Taylor, Thonngton, Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Under-
wood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Wakhon,
Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkms, Wells, Wheeler,
Williams, VVmslow, Woodiuff, Woodwoith, and John V.
Wnght—130.
So the bill was rejected.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. I1EITT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. King.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I voted in the negative;
and now I rise to move a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill was rejected. It is known
what are the feelings of the Iiouse upon one prop-
osition, at least, which is contained in that bill;
and it is, in all probability, the portion of the
bill which proposes to surrender to the Secretary
of the Treasury the entire control of the marine
hospitals of the country, which has defeated it.
There can be no doubt that that feeling has pre-
vailed to an extent sufficient to destroy this bill.
I am opposed to the practice which has grown up
here, of introducing deficiency bills into Congress
at all. But, sir, the practice has grown up, and,
whether right or wrong—wrong in my opinion—-
I presume in the present instance the bill ought to
pass. I move, therefore, that the vote by which
the bill was rejected be reconsidered, with the
view, if the motion shall prevail, of having the
bill recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with instructions to strike out the pro-
vision m relation to marine hospitals. I presume,
however, that, if the motion to reconsider should
prevail, we shall have to take other steps back-
wards before the bill can be recommitted.
Mr. LETCHER. My friend from Arkansas
moves to reconsider the vote by which this bill
was defeated, and expresses the opinion that
it was defeated on account of the provision in
reference to marine hospitals. That is the part of
the bill in which he was concerned. Now, sir, 1
