1296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, from the Commit-
tee on'Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for
the relief of Rebecca Smith; which was read a
Jirsfcand second time-, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. PENNINGTON, i am instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to report a joint
resolution authorizing E. K. Kane, and others,
holding offices of profit and trust under the United
States, to accept such presents as may be tendered
to them by the Government of Great Britain in
testimony of their services m the "late Arctic ex-
pedition. I desire to report the bill, and move
that its consideration be postponed for one week.
Mr. PHELPS. That is a public act; and I
trust it will not be received.
The SPEAKER. It will not be received if
there is objsction.
Mr. PHELPS. I object.
Mr. OLIVER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported the following
bills; frhich were severally read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying reports, ordered to
be printed:
A bill for the relief of Mary R. Winship;
A.bill for the relief of Ursula E. Cobb;
A bill for the relief of Albro Tripp;
A bill for the relief of Mary Ann Clark;
A bill for tiie relief of Dolly Empson; and
A bill for the relief of Lyman N. Cook.
Mr. 0. also, from the same committee, re-
ported without amendment the following Senate
tills, with a recommendation that they do pass;
which were referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
ports, ordered to be printed:
An act to increase the pension of Alpheus T.
Palmer, late a lieutenant in the ninth regiment.
United States Army ;
An act for the relief of Betsey Whipple;
• An act granting a pension to Samuel B. Porter,
a soldier in the late war with Great Britain;
An act increasing the pension of Albert Hart;
An act to increase the pension of Amariah
Goodwin, of the State of Maine; and
An act granting a pension to Mrs. Olivia W.
Cannon, widow of Joseph S. Cannon, late a
midshipman in the United States Navy, now de-
ceased.
Mr. 0. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases; which
were laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed:
On the petition of Joseph Yerbriskey for com-
mutation of pension into a sum certain; and
On the petition of Joseph Hill for an increase
of invalid pension.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported a hill for the relief of
John Connelly; which was road a first and sec-
ond time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported the following bills;
which were severally read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying reports, ordered to
be printed:
A bill for the relief of Clayton Vaughn;
A bill for the relief of George Bond;
A bill for the benefit of Robert L. Wimberly;
A bill for the relief of Abner Dickson; and
A biil for the relief of Richard J. Murray, an
invalid soldier of the Seminole war of J 818.
Mr. L. also, from the same committee, made
adverse reports in the following cases; which
were laid upon the table* and ordered to be
printed;
On the petition of William W. Diehl; and
On the petition dfRobert L Cox, of Kentucky,
for back pay.
Mr. L, also, from the same committee, reported
back without amendment, and with a recom-
. xnendation thai they do pass, the following Senate
bills; which were referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
ports, ordered to be printed:
A bill lor the relief of Antoine Roberdeau;
An act for the relief of Levi C. Harris;
An act restoring Joseph Mercer to the roll of
invalid pensioners;
j An act granting a pension to Nathaniel Moth-
| ershead, of Missouri; and
| An act granting a pension to Morris Powers,
! On motion of Mi\ LUMPKIN, by unanimous
; consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
« from the files of the Hou-se of the papers in the
| case of Moses Perkins, for the purpose of refer*
j ence to the Court of Claims.
i Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following bills; which j
were read a first and second time, referred to a \
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to '
be printed:
A bill for the relief of Robinson Gammon; and
A bill for the relief of John Campbell.
Mr. KJNOWLTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Amos B.
Cerwine; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, made adverse reports on the petitions of
Samuel Nicholson and Alexander Mitchell, which
were ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of
Ohio, (at twenty-five minutes past four o'clock,
p. m.,) the House adjourned until Monday next,
at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
I Monday, May 26, 1856.
Prayer by Rev. Daniel Waldo, Chaplain of
the House of Representatives.
The Journal of Friday was read.
ASSAULT ON MR. SUMNER.
Mr. PEARCE. On Friday last, the Senate
appointed a special committee, with directions
to prepare and submit to the Senate a statement
of the circumstances attending the transaction m
the Senate Chamber on the SJ2d of this month,
but they did not give that committee pow'er to
send for persons and papers, without which it is
1 impossible forthem to make the statement which
j they are directed by the Senate to make. I am, |
! therefore, directed by the committee to ask from •
1 the Senate power to send for persons and papers. '
; Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask that the '
commencement of the Journal of the last day's
proceedings be read again. I am not sure that I .
exactly comprehend it.
The Secretary read as follows:
"Mr. Wilson stated to the Senate that his colleague, !
the Hon. Charles Sumner, was unable to attend the |
Sfnato to-day, in consequence of injuries received in an i
assault made on him m the Senate Chamber, after the 1
adjournment of the Senate yesterday. j
"Mr. Seward submitted the following resolution:— I
® ;
Mr. WELLER. It is only the first paragraph j
to which I ask the attention of the Senate. I be- ;
lieve it is not usual to enter the remarks of any j
Senator on the Journal of this body; nor is it I
necessary, m this case, in my opinion, in order j
to an understanding of the resolution which was
afterwards submitted by the Senator from New j
; York. The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. '<
j Wilson] certainly was under no obligation to :
j account to the Senate for the absence of his col- '
I league; and yet, if an assault had been committed \
| upon his colleague in this Chamber, it was very i
| proper that he should bring it to the attention of J
j the Senate; and it was also proper that the Senate '
j should adopt a resolution to inquire into the facts, :
j in order that we might be enabled to ascertain
! precisely how this assault had been perpetrated;
; but I think it has never been the practice to enter \
| on the Journal any portion of the remarks of a
! Senator. They are not necessary, m this case, !
| to the understanding of the resolution, and, for ;
; that very reason, they ought not to have been !
, placed there. Nothing should be put upon the ;
Journal except that which is indispensable to ;
: understand a resolution or motion which is made. '
| I believe there is but one precedent of which I '
i have any knowledge, and that is as far back as :
j 1798, m the case of Matthew Lyon. In that
| case, however, an assault was perpetrated m the ,
I presence of the House, and, whilst the House ;
J was in session, a member rose and stated that he '
I had good reason to believe that an assault and |
| battery had been committed in the presence of !
I the House, and therefore moved that a committee i
J be appointed to investigate it. I submit whether
it was proper that the remarks of the Senator from
Massachusetts should be entered on the Journal.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I address
myself, in the first place, to the question which
is presented by the motion of the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce.]
Mr. PEARCE. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator that it is proper the question of the correction
of the Journal should be first settled.
The PRESIDENT. The question submitted
by the Senator from California is a privileged
question, and, as a matter of*course, takes prece-
dence.
Mr. SEWARD. I did not propose to speak
on that question precisely, because I feel no par-
ticular solicitude about it. It is for the majority
of the Senate to decide whether the simple state-
ment which is contained in the minutes of the
Secretary shall stand. It is due, however, to
myself to remark that the statement stands there
without any previous knowledge on my part, or,
I presume, on the part of any one of the friends
of the Senator from Massachusetts. That it is
the act of the Secretary alone, I have no doubt;
it certainly is, so far as I know.
It may throw some light upon the subject if I
state the information which I obtained from the
Debates of Congress upon which my proceeding
was grounded in offering the resolution. I founcf,
in the congressional debates of 1806, I think, or
in the Journal—the Secretary will be able at all
events to find it in a moment—an account of a
case where a member of Congress had been as-
sailed on his way to the Senate Chamber, and
the fact was made known to the House by a letter
from him which was read in the House; and,
upon the letter being read, a resolution was intro-
duced, which I have substantially copied m the
resolution under which this committee was organ-
ized. U was within the knowledge of the Secre-
tary that my resolution was drawn from that as
a precedent; and inasmuch as the Journal, on that
occasion, stated distinctly the letter which was
the basis of the resolution, I suppose the state-
ment was incorporated here.
I am not tenacious on the subject whether it be
there or not. It strikes me that it is properly
there; that there is no reason why it should be
! struck out; that if it were not there the resolution
i itself would be without any explanation, because
it would be made to assume a fact not known to
the Senate, and in no way communicated to it,
namely, that an assault had been made on the
Hon. Charles Sumner in the Senate Chamber.
The resolution assumes that fact as known to the
Senate, whereas no information was before the
Senate of the fact other than that contained in the
statement of the Senator from Massachusetts, the
colleague of Mr. Sumner.
I submit, then, in view of the nature and char-
acter of this transaction, the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] being disabled from
attending the Senate, whether it was not proper
that his colleague representing the State of Mas-
sachusetts should have brought the fact to the
notice of the Senate, and whether it is not proper
and due to the State of Massachusetts herself,
that the statement should remain as the ground
of the proceeding. Certainly, unless some per-
son questioned the truth of the statement at that
time, it ought not to be questioned now.
In regard to the point of giving authority to the
committee to send for persons and papers,* that
was a question which I had considered at the
time; but being desirous simply that this matter
might be brought before the Senate m a way least
calculated to excite any feeling in any part of the
House, and comforting most with the dignity
and honor of the Senate, 1 concluded to abide, in
the resolution which I drew up, by the precedent
I had already found. I found afterwards many
cases in which the Senate had given to commit-
tees, on their own application, the power to send
for persons and papers; a favor which might have
been regarded as questionable at that stage of the
transaction when the resolution was offered.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, when I first
heard the Journal read, my attention was directed
to the fact, that notice was taken of the occur-
rence in the Senate Chamber on Thursday, which
seemed, to me not to be entirely congruous with
the character of a Journal; but on its being read
again by the Secretary, at the request of the hon-
orable Senator from California, I understand.
