sm
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 5,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
JSaval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
willing lo trust the question to a jury of his peers. Every
man, in every profession of lite, looks alone to the opinion
of his peers for a correct judgment ;and if, in the Navy,
We cannot trust the delegation of this power to judge of
an officer, where may we look for justice ?"
In reply to this portion of the remarks I have
quoted, I said:
" The services of the honorable Senator from Florida in
behalf of the Navy no one will question. His knowledge
in reference to the matter no one will doubt. But, sir, I
difter from him as to what lie calls the judgment of a man's
peers; that is, in this case of five officers brought together
at the will of the President, who are to make no inquiry
upon testimony, who are not to hear the part}', but who, on
their own opinion and belief—for that is the substance of
the language of the bill—may, by an arbitrary discretion,
recommend to the President that A, B, C, and D, their fel-
low-officers, be dropped from the list; and then,that on
that authority the President may drop a man from the list,
and turn him forth to the world without means of support,
though be may have been ten, twenty, or thirty years m the
service of the country."
Here Mr. Shields, then Senator from Illinois,
interposed, putting this'question:
" Will the honorable Senator permit me to ask him
whether the President cannot drop an officer from the list
without this examination ? "
My answer was:
" I have no doubt about that; but the wide distinction
Is this: There is the power, with responsibility; but if you
interpose this board of officers, the President will throw
himself upon the opinion of the board, and he will not carry
his responsibility beyond it. The board recommend him to
drop A, B, C, and D, from the list; therefore, there will be
no individual responsiblity; but, as to the power of the
President of the United States now to dismiss an officer
from the Navy without a court-martial, and to exercise that
power in an arbitrary manner, there is an independent spirit
in the Navy and in the country, there is a jealousy in the
Navy as to its exercise, which no President would hazard;
and therefore you find in your experience that, though the
President has, in certain cases, dismissed officers from the
Navy without a court-martial, the power has not been ex-
ercised for the purposes of abuse. But, it seems to me, here
is an inquisitoral tribunal, dependent upon the opiuion of
the board alone; and the result will be that, if you constitute
such a board, you will introduce personal cliques into the
Navy, and personal favoritism and subserviency, and bring
difficulty into it."
Whether the results which have flowed from
this law have been such as I ventured then to
indicate, I leave for others to determine. Some
of the suggestions which I made as to what would
be the consequences, have certainly been verified.
But, sir, I have read this debate to show that it
"was a short one; and I have stated the circum-
stances connected with the law to show that, when
this bill passed the Senate originally, there was
no discussion whatever; and that, on the final de-
bate, when it passed, on its return from the House
of Representatives, tjie discussion was confined
almost entirely to the drop clause, and that
the whole debate did not pccupy more than thirty
minutes at a time wh«n the attention of the Sen-
ate was engrossed by various other matters—with
all the appropriation bills then pending before us,
and but four days of the session remaining.
I proceed now to the -construction of the law
of 1855. The real intent of any law should not
be drawn from the declarations of individual legis-
lators at the time of its"passage, unless where there
is manifest obscurity. The language of the law,
taken in its plain and natural import as applied
to the subject-matter, is the only true exposition
of the legislative will. Differences of opinion
have been expressed as to the intent of the law,
and the Secretary of the Navy has been censured
for his construction of it. I think he erred part
tially in his interpretation, but not to the extent
which has been alleged. Under this law it was
provided:
" 33 *°°n 38 practicable after the passage of this act.
the President of the United States shall cause a board of
naval officers to be assembled, to consist of five captains,
five commanders, and five lieutenants; which board,under
Kuch regulations as the Secretary of the Navy may prescribe,
shall make a careful examination into the efficiency of the
officers of the grades hereinafter mentioned, and shall re-
port to the Secretary of the Navy the names and rank of all
officers of the said grades who, in the judgment of the said i
board, shall be incapable of performing promptly and effi- 1
ciently aU their duty ashore and afioat; and whenever said
board snail believe that said incompetency has arisen from
any c use implying sufficient blame on the part of the officer
to j ustify it, they shall recommend that his name be stricken
altogether from the rolls."
The first question which arises on the interpre-
tation of this language is in reference to the extent
of the authority of the Secretary of the Navy to
direct a hearing, or the examination of witnesses
under the law. I cannot doubt that there is no
authority to take testimony, and thai no such
authority could be created or delegated by the Sec-
retary of the Navy in the form of instructions.
He could not, by any regulation of his, authorize
the administration of an oath when the law did
not warrant it, nor ^fluire the compulsory attend-
ance of witnesses, or their examination under
oath. He might, perhaps, have authorized a hear-
ing of, or an explanation by, the party, and that
a public one, if he thought fit. In my judgment,
however, as there was no provision in the act
requiring a hearing, either public or private, and
looking to the absolute discretion which the board
was authorized to exercise—relying on opinion,
merely—from the nature of the tribunal which
was to try,' not facts, but character, I think his
construction was correct, that the examination
was intended by Congress to be ex parte and
secret. Idrawthis conclusion from the act alone,
and the non-existence of any provision securing
those primary rights, which I consider an objec-
tion to the law sufficient to authorize and require
its repeal. In the absence of any such provisions
in the statute, it would seem, although the Secre-
tary is authorized to organize the board and give
them instructions, he cannot, in the form of
instructions, exercise legislative power. The
inference is both legal and rational, that, if the act
had intended to authorize a public hearing or ex-
planation of the party, it would have so provided.
The bill of 1844 does this. Ifthe law had intended
that witnesses should be examined, it would and
must, beyond all question, have given authority
to swear them. If the law had intended that the
members of the board should be upon oath, as
was provided in the bill of 1844, it would have
given the authority to administer the oath.
In the absence of any legislative direction of
that kind in the law, I believe that the Secretary
of the Navy carried out properly the legislative
intent and will in his construction of the act of
1855, to the extent which I have mentioned; that
is, in providing that the board of officers appointed
by him should assemble together—that they
should make an ex parte examination—that the
examination should be secret, and that they
should have access to the records of the Depart-
ment, which, with their individual knowledge,
and comparison of opinion, were to be the sole
grounds on which theif recommendation should
be based. Such, in my opinion, is the true in-
terpretation «f the law; and I entertain, so far, no
difference of opinion with the Secretary.
It may be that I am biased in the opinion
which I express as to the legislative intent to be
drawn from the language of the act, in conse-
quence of what fell from me in the debate from
which I have read extracts, against this law. 1'
entertained that opinion then as well as now.
The view which I then tqrok of the law was not
controverted ny any metiiber of the Senate who
came within the reach of my voice at the time
when4he remarks were made. It was admitted
by the friends of the bill; because not I alone, but
the honorable Senator from Florida, (Mr. Mor-
ton,) made the same distinct objection as to the
intent and probable effect of the law if passed,
which we considered one of its mischiefs.
The act is silent as to the mode of inquiry, and
if there be obscurity arising from its silence, this,
perhaps, is a case where the exposition made in
debate, at the time of its passage, if not contro-
verted, may be relied upon to explain its intent.
To that extent cotemporaneous debate may be
relied upon, without danger of on illegal or im-
proper construction of the law.
I shall not now pause to contrast the provisions
of the bill of 1844 with the law of 1855. The
Committee on Naval Affairs, in preparing this
law, had no doubt the former bill before them. It
is sufficient to say that, when the Senate of the
United States saw proper to authorize a hearing—
when they saw proper to put the members of the
court ofinquiryunder oath—when they sawproper
to authorize the examination of witnesses on be-
half of the party charged, (though it was only for
the purpose of retirement, and not of dropping,)—
they, by appropriate provisions in the bill, one
of which was an amendment made in the Senate,
authorized the exercise of the power which would
be necessary for those purposes. Whether, how-
ever, the act was erroneously or properly con-
strued in this respect, the board were bound to
obey its exposition as given by the Secretary of
the Navy, under the name of instructions; and no
fault can be justly found with them for obeying
those instructions—which they certainly did in
all respects, and, in my belief, with entire good
faith, and with the most upright intentions to
perform an obnoxious duty.
I come now to what I conceive to have been
the errors of construction placed upon this law
by the Secretary of the Navy. The first of these
errors relates to the inquiry into the morals of an
officer. The effect of this is to render the standard
of opinion and judgment even more indefinite
than that prescribed by the law. It confers upon
the board an unchecked and arbitrary discretion
as to the moral character and conduct of every
officer in the service. Such an enlargement of
discretion was dangerous. The standard of
judgment provided in the law was in itself too
indefinite to be intrusted to any body of men—
no matter how pure and intelligent—authorized
to pass judgment on the rights of their fellows.
I will read the language of the Secretary's instruc-
tions, in order that I may comment on them. At
page 33, third part of the President's Message
ana Documents, I find this clause in the instruc-
tions of the Secretary:
" In examining as to who are ' incapable" of performing
their whole duty both ashore and afloat,' I need hardly
suggest to you that an officer may be ' incapable' either
mentally, physically, or morally; for, although he may
possess a strong mind and robust frame, yet if his moral
perception of right and wrong be so blunted and debased as
to render him unreliable, he could hardly be ranked as thq,
capable officer, to be intrusted with the lives of his coun-
trymen and the property and honor of his country."
The truth of the proposition that incompetency
may be produced by immorality, need not be de-
nied ; but it is equally certain, that an officer may
be immoral and yet efficient; and the question is
whether the law meant to subject the general
morals of the officers of the Navy to the judg-
nient of the board. Did it mean that immorality
in the man should be investigated as evidence of
his incapacity as an officer? or that, when the
incapacity had been ascertained, the board might
look to its cause, and, if they found that it had
resulted from immoral habits, might consider the
case as one •« implying sufficient blame" upon
the part of the onicer, to justify a recommenda-
tion that he be stricken from the rolls of the N avy ?
The latter I believe to be the intent of the law;
but the exposition of the Secretary in the passage
which I have quoted goes far beyond that intent,
and allows a more dangerous latitude of discretion
to the board organized under the law, if they fol-
lowed that exposition in their investigations.
The language of the law is, that the board shall
make a careful examination into the " efficiency
of the grades hereinafter mentioned,"and "re-
port to the Secretary of the Navy the names and
rank of all officers of the said grades, who, in
the judgment of said board, are inqppable of per-
forming promptly and efficiently all their duty,
both ashore and afloat." The promptness and
efficiency of the officer are the questions on which
the board were to report their opinion. If they
find him deficient in that respect, then comes the
further clause authorizing them to inquire whether
that incompetency has arisen from any cause
implying sufficient blame on the part of the offi-
cer to justify striking his name from the rolls;
in which case they are to recommend that his
name be stricken off. Is not this the true con-
struction of the law ? and has not the Secretary,
by his instructions, enlarged the discretion,
already too dangerous, which the law intended to
repose in the board it authorized ?
Mr. President, men's views of morality, and of
the extent to which immorality would constitute
inefficiency, vary much. There are those who
might entertain the opinion—and within the scope
of the Secretary's instruction the naval board
had a right to make the inquiry—that if a man
was too much addicted to gallantry, it would be
a sufficient ground on which to pronounce against
his capacity as an officer. If he indulged too
much in the pleasures of the table, and some-
times when off duty was guilty of excess in the
use of stimulants, it might by others be construed
into incapacity. Drunkenness on duty is a suffi-
cient ground for court-martial, as a specific offense,
and therefore not within the jurisdiction confided
