1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2171
of naval officers, and those standing in the same
relation to the Army. At this time, there is an
inequality in two respects—a very great inequal-
ity. In the first place, the invalid pensioners of
the Army do not receive as much as invalid pen-
sioners of the Navy of like rank. For instance,
the highest pension pnid to an invalid officer of
the Army is thirty dollars a month.
Mr. PEARCE. The Senator will allow me to
say that this does not apply to invalid pensioners
at all.
Mr. CLAY. I know that; but, as I was re-
marking, the highest pension allowed to an invalid
officer of the Army is thirty dollars; while the
highest pension that is allowed to an invalid in
the Army is fifty dollars a month.
Again, this section was intended to correct
another great inequality. At present, no pension
is allowed to the widow of an officer of the Army
unless he die in battle, or of wounds received, or
diseases contracted, during war. On the other
hand, the widows and orphan children of the
officers of the Navy are pensioned, if the officer
die in the line of his duty in service, either in
time of peace or war. I think we ought either to
repeal the act of the 11th of August, 1848, or
place the widows and minor children of officers
of the Army on the same footing with those of
the Navy. We are constantly doing it by private
bills. There have been passed, during this ses-
sion, against my vote and without my consent,
in committee, several bills pensioning widows of
officers of the Army who died during pcace. For
instance, I remember that the widow of General
Clinch has been pensioned; and the widow of
General Hamer was pensioned the other day.
There are a great many such cases. I am op-
posed to this private legislation for individuals.
I wish either to pass some general act which will
equalize this system, and remove this constant
complaining of gross injustice and inequality, or
to correct it by repealing the act of August, 1848.
I feel no personal interest in the matter whatever.
I have no friend that I know of to be provided for
by it; but I wish to do justice to all.
Mr. MALLORY. It is rather ungracious to
speak against a proposition to give pensions to
individual officers or soldiers of the Army and
Navy; but there is a very great difference between
the claims of the widow of an officer of the Army
and the widow of an officer of the Navy, and that
difference has been recognized in legislating on
this subject. The more perfectly a naval officer
does his duty, the more he is withdrawn from
his family, and withdrawn from all those profes-
sions and business by which he can accumulate
anything for tliern, in the event of his death or
absence. An officer of the Army may never be
separated from his family. On the contrary, he
may pass his entire life, from the time he leaves
the Military Academy till he dies a brigadier
general, ana*never be beyond the reach of his
own household. There is the distinction between
them. I have no doubt that a consideration of
the privation and suffering that naval officers
endure by being away from their families, having
no means to accumulate anything on board ship,
has introduced this distinction between the pen-
sions of the widows of officers of the Army and
Navy.
Mr. WELLER. I do not agree in the distinc-
tion which the Senator from Florida draws be-
tween the Army and the Navy; nor do I concede
that an officer of the Army is always allowed to
remain with his family. When he is sent out
on the frontiers among the savage tribes of Indians,
I apprehend it would be utterly impossible for
him to take his family with him. lie is very
often thrown upon the frontier in conflict with
the Indians. He is exposed tt> more danger, m
my judgment, than the man who is attached to
the Navy, and I do not know why this discrim-
ination should be made. The Secretary of War
has repeatedly called the attention of Congress to
the subject, in the last annual report he says:
" I would again call attention to the propriety of addi-
tional legislation, winch shall place the widows and orphans
of the officers and soldiers ol ihe Army on an equality with
those of officers and sailors, of the Navy."
In my judgment, there should be no distinc-
tion between those engaged in the service of the
country. Those attached to the Army are, in
my opinion, much more exposed to danger than
those attached to the Navy. This grows out of
the condition of the country. Having four hun-
dred thousand Indians within our boiders, there
are occasional outbreaks and wars on the fron-
tier, and officers are sent to those exposed posi-
tions. I think their widows and orphans are
entitled to the same protection from this Govern-
ment that has been extended to the widows and
orphans of naval officers.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. PUGH. The object of the original pro-
vision is simply to create an equality between the
Army and Navy. The Senator from Florida
says the officers of the Army can acquire prop-
erty by other methods than their pay. I can
only say, that I think that supposition is wholly
without foundation. If they do their duty, they
have no such opportunity. He says they are
with their families the greater part of the time.
Yery seldom. The great bulk of the officers of
the Army are now employed m those portions of
our territory where they can have very little op-
portunity to be with their families. It seems to
me that this section is but doing justice to the
Army.
Mr. TOOMBS. The history given by the Sen-
ator from Maryland of tins legislation, seems to
me to be very clear, and at the same time very
curious. Gentlemen say you must put the Army
on an equal footing with the Navy. I say the
provision m regard to the Navy is wrong. Shall
we pension everybody on the face of the earth?
These gentlemen in the Army run none of the
hazards of war. Theirs is an agreeable pursuit.
Many of them are loafing about the cities and
towns, simply because they are in the military
service. These pensions were paid to the Navy
out of their own prize-money. You taxed them,
and you squandered the fund. But this system
is enormous and outrageous; and I am sorry to
see gentlemen with whom I like to act, going off
on the idea of equality. It is obviously wrong,
and against principle, that we should thus pay
the money of the people. The next thing will
be that you mutst extend it back. It is giving
countlcss millions without the slightest justice, or
reason, or right; and it will beggar any Govern-
ment on the face of the earth.
Mr. PUGII. I think my friend from Georgia
is mistaken. The proposition is to apply hence-
forth; it does not have any retrospective effect.
Now, as to prize-money, there is no prize-money
awarded to the Army. Much as they may rescue
of neutral property, they gel no benefit. I know
it happened m many cases m Mexico, that mil-
lions of neutral property were rescued from des-
truction by the Army of the United States. Such
a thing in the naval service would have entitled a
naval officer to prize-money; but there is none in
the Army.
Mr. CLAYTON. Has the Senator from Ohio
made any estimates of how many millions this
provision will take from the Treasury?
Mr. PUGH. I do not know. I have only to
say this: if the naval pensions be too high, let
them be reduced; but why keep up this inequality?
Have we not heard this session that a large ma-
jority of the sixty-eight naval captains never go
to sea? The Senator from Georgia himself has
told us that, out of sixty-eight captains in the
Navy, only eight of them were put to sea annu-
ally. Yet we are told that Army officers are at
home! I venture to say, a larger proportion of
Army officers are in actual service than of naval
officers.
Mr. CLAY. My attention was called to this
matter suddenly. On rising before, I had not rend
the section. 1 thought it simply embraced the
provisions of a bill which I introduced some time
since from the Committee on Pensions. That bill
merely provided for the widows and orphan chil-
dren of the officers of the regular Army. I never
contemplated pensioning the widows and orphan
children of all the volunteers m the militia; and
of all the musicians, soldiers, and non-commis-
sioned officers of the regular Army. I agree with
the Senator from Delaware, and with the Senator
from Georgia, that this is a most extravagant
expenditure of the public money. I believe it
will take $10,000,000; and I am not willing to go
for this section as it is now presented.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the section
by striking out that part of it which relates to the
volunteers and rmliUa. Then 1 have a word of
explanation, and it is this: I have had the honor,
for two sessions of Congress, to be upon the
Committee on Pensions. My associates on that
committee have been much more diligent there
than I have been, and understand the administra-
tion of the Pension department far better than I
do; and I beg them to correct me if I am mis-
taken in what I say now. Ever since the bill
was passed giving pensions in certain cases to
the widows of naval officers, the two Houses of
Congress have concurred in granting pensions to
the widows of officers of the Army of the United
States, who died under circumstances similar
to those where pensions were obtained by the
widows of naval officers: and those cases were
all passed under the advice and recommendation
of the Committee on Pensions in both Houses.
This being so, we shall have two inequalities if
we do not adopt this section. In the first place,
there is an inequality between the Navy and
Army, which has already been sufficiently dis-
cussed and explained. Th$n we shall have an-
other; the widows of the officers who have died
within the last ten yeais, are pensioned by special
act; but those who may die hereafter will not bo
pensioned. We have an inequality then in the
Army itself—a difference between the widows
of those who arc to die hereafter, and those who
have died heretofore. Consistency is something
m legislation—equality is everything; and I sub-
mit we are bound by considerations equally of
consistency, and justice, and equality, to pass
this provision, so as to put the Army, for the
future, in the same condition with the Army of
the past. When we have put the Army on an
equal footing with the Navy, then, at the next
session of Congress, if it shall be thought best to
change the policy of the whole system, it will be
a subject for the Committee on Pensions to take
up.
Mr. CLAY. I move thisamendment: to strike
out the words " non-commissioned officers, mu-
sicians, and soldiers," and the words " includ-
ing volunteers and militia mustered into the ser-
vice of the United States;" so that the section
will read:
That the piovisions of the first section of the act grant-
ing pensions tothe widows and orphans of peit-ons dyingm
the naval seiviee, appio\ed August 11, 1848, be exiended
to the widow-, and oiplians of the officers of the Army of
the United Stntes.
Mr. SEWARD. I accept that.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that amendment will
not be adopted. Jshould like to know the reason
why, if a volunteer citizen soldier, on whom the
defense of this country rests, dies in the service
of the country, under the .same circumstances
with a regular soldier in the Army, his widow
and children ought not to have the same bounty?
I want to know whether there is any greater
merit in the man in the regular Army, spending
his life in peace, and paid by the favor of the
Government, on the ground of preparing for war?
There is nothing extia hazardous in his pursuit.
When war conics, you bring thousands of the
freemen of this country from the plows and the
work-shops to fight your battles. When they
lose their lives, I should like to know the reas.on
why their widows are not to be on an equal foot-
ing with those of the soldiers in the regular Army?
We keep the regular Army as a mere nucleus.
When the war with Mexico broke out, we had
not six thousand soldiers. Of course, we have
always plenty of officers, for they are favorite
positions; there is a struggle for them. There is
not a man here who docs not know that it is a
great object to get into the Army now. Four
thousand applications would be filed with the
President for the ten cadet appointments, if they
could be got. Therefore, there is no public ne-
cessity for it; but it is only a lavish expenditure
of money, without being necessary for the public
service.
Gentlemen say they wish to make the system
equal in the Navy and Army. They do not say
whether it is necessary for the public service, or
light.. The question ought to be determined
whether this is sound policy in either service. If
it is unsound in the Navy, repeal it; and that is
my objection. I would not vote for it in the
Navy; I would vote to repeal it. But instead of
assuming that to be fixed because it has been
done, why not legislate for the country, and not
for the benefit of this particular class, the most
dangerous in our country? You never get any-
