1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
STO
cessity of sending this bill back to the Committee
of Ways and Aloans. It is evident that the
gentleman from Virginia has entirely misappre-
hended the vote of the House. I do not see the
necessity of having anything further said on the
Mernwether proposition. The bill has been
killed. The question now is on the motion to
reconsider. Suppose a reconsideration is had.
Suppose, then, the vote by which the bill has been
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time is
reconsidered. The question then recurs on the^
motion to engross and read the bill a third time.
If the clause in relation to the marine hospitals is
then stricken out, we can pass the bill in ten
minutes afterward. There is no necessity to
recommit the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with instructions to strike out this clause;
we can strike it out ourselves. I would suggest
to gentlemen that, without involving ourselves in
a sea of discussion, we should simply reconsider
the two motions, and in that way get at the matter
•we desire to reach.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. So far as I am
concerned as a member of the Committee of i
Ways and Means, I have no desire to take further
charge of this bill. I have given to it all the
attention and support which duty, as chairman
of that committee, required. The position which
I occupy is somewhat delicate. I accepted it, sir,
as you well know, against my wishes. It is a
very delicate and responsible position, when the
head of that committee is fortified on this iloor
by a well-organized political party. There is no
well-organized political party in this House now.
If there be such a party, I am not prepared to
say that I am a member of it. However, in
accepting this position, I did it with no purpose
of acting the part of a mere partisan, but with a
design to discharge faithfully, according to the
best of my ability, the high and responsible func- '
tions attached to it. The committee have labored
unceasingly in the preparation of bills, because
much of the time in which we ought to have been
engaged in the transaction of public business was
consumed, as is well known, in the organization
of the House, and because, on account of this
delay, the Senate had, for the first time in the
history of the Government, claimed the extraor-
dinary power of originating money bills.
This deficiency bill is comparatively a very
small one; and there is not, let me say to gentle-
men upon the other side of the House, one soli-
tary item contained in it which has not been urged
upon the Committee of Ways and Means by the
party in power at the other end of the Avenue.
xN'or is there any proviso in reference to marine
hospitals that has not been urged by the Demo-
cratic party, through its executive officers having
charge of, and being fully advised in regard to
that branch of the service; and yet, stiange as
it may seem in the lace of these recommendations,
and these pressing arguments to the Committee of
Ways and Means and to Congress, that party
comes up to-day and strikes down this deficiency
bill, for no other reason than that we have yielded
to their own professed demands for reform.
Mr. DAVIDSON, (Mr. Campbell yielding.)
I desire that the gentleman from Ohio and the
House should understand that, so far as I am
.concerned, I voted against the bill, not because I
/differed from the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means upon any question of politics,
but because there is a question involved in it to
which 1 can never give my consent—and that is
the putting out to the lowest bidder the care of
those who have the control and defense of our
commerce.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The disabled seamen are
already provided for by the contract system con-
templated by the bill just defeated, at three fourths
of the points where provision is made for them.
A far greater number are now, and always have
been relieved under the contract system than by
your Government hospitals. I refer the House
again to the recommendation of the Treasury
Department, contained in the finance report, upon
the subject of this condemned proviso. The
Secretary sent in an estimate of a deficiency of
50,000 for the benefit of disabled seamen. In
I:is finance report, which was sent to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means by order of the
House, the Secretory says:
<• H !> rccOTimended to the consideration of Congress,
? h:-i!;<:r the contract system"—
and I call the particular attention of the gentle-
man to this recommendation—
" 'tnii'ht not he advantageously extended' to many places
inhere the United States have hospitals; alloying the con.
tractor to me the hospital, with the ri«hl of the United States
to terminate the contract at uAll, upon the determination of
the collector of the port, or some other visitor appointed by
the Secretary of the Treasury."
Now, sir, in an examination of the facts upon
which this recommendation was predicated by the
Secretary of the Treasury, this extraordinary
state of things was disclosed? to wit: that, while
annually you draw from the pockets of the sailors
$150,000 to support the marine hospitais, and
while you are appropriating each year §150,000
more from the national Treasury, the average cost,
including the interest upon the money invested in
all the organized hospitals of the country, where
the Government has erected buildings, amounts/or
each patient to about twenty-four dollars a week! On
the other hand, where you have the contract sys-
tem, without any building of the Government, the
cost is only about five dollars a week I I challenge
members to disprove this allegation. In one case
(at Natchez) it is disclosed that the cost of each
sick sailor, including the interestupon the invest-
ment for the construction of buildings, amounts
to about one hundred and fifty dollars a week ! The
average cost at all your Government Hospitals,
including interest on amount expended for build-
ings, is twenty-four dollars a week for each patient!
Because the Ways and Means Committee have
dared to propose, unanimously, to provide against
this abuse, this House defeats their deficiency
bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. "What place
is that where it costs one hundred and fifty dol
lars a week ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. At Natchez. The average
cost of all the Government hospitals is about
twenty-four dollars a week !
Mr. WASHBURNE. I deny the position of
the gentleman.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentlemen may deny
it, but I proved the statement true on yesterday,
and I will prove it again.
By the tabular statement from the Treasury
Department to which I referred yesterday, it ap-
pears that no disabled seamen were received into
the hospital at Natchez during the last fiscal year.
But it appears from the late finance report (page
248) that there were eighteen patients received
in a short time. The report states that the cost
per day for each patient was $10 10. The cost of
constructing the hospital at Natchez (finance
report, page 242) is $70,285.
Daily interest on .$'70,283, at 6 per cent, per annum, $11 55
Daily cost of each patient    10 10
$31 Go
making daily cost of each patient *>21 65, which,
multiplied by sevent makes the cost per week for
each patient at the hospital one hundred and fifty-
one dollars and fifty-five cents !
By the same tables, for the fiscal year ending
.Tune 30,1854, the cost is found to be one hundred
and seventy-one dollars and fifteen cents per week for
each patient!
1 will not again go into details, as I did on yes-
terday, as to particular hospitals. As I have al-
ready stated, the current expenditures and interest
on the cost of construction show that the aver-
age cost per week for maintaining a disabled sea-
man, including all points where you have built
hospitals, in 1854, was twenty-four dollars and
fifty-three cents! In 1855 it was twenty-three dol-
lars and fifty-two cents! At the forty-three ports
i where seamen were relieved in 1855, where no
\ hospitals have been built, and where provision has
t been made according to the plan of this con-
; demned proviso, the average cost per week for
| each patient is only four dollars and twenty-seven
cents 1
Mr. Speaker, because the Committee of Ways
and Means dared to jmt their knife into this
festering sore, which is rapidly spreading its
baneful influences, gentleman have determined ro
strike down the deficiency bill at a time when the
interests of the Government demand its speedy
j! passage, and when, we are told, foreign fleets are
;! hovering about our coasts. In the course of time,
j i sir, I will bring an array of facts from the De-
ll partment, showing the abuses which have pre-
11 vailed in this branch of the public service, and
\\ lay them before the country, to that the people
may read them, with the record of the vote just
taken, which gentlemen of all parties have made
here to-day against this bill. And when these
gentlemen take the stump before their honest
sovereigns, and cry aloud for retrenchment and
reform, the facts of this case shall be also there
to speak. I suppose all parties will make the
usual charge of extravagance during the ap-
proaching canvass for the election of President,
Vice President, and members of Congress. If
the Committee of Ways and Means shall have
accomplished nothing more in the course of their
proceedings upon this deficiency bill, they will,
at least, have the proud satisfaction of knowing
they have been instrumental in presenting to the
people of the country these important facts in
reference to the expenditure of their money in
this marine hospital service—facts which the
people ought to know. That people, I apprehend,
will appreciate fully the causes which have de-
feated this bill. Some gentlemen tell me, as an
excuse for voting against this bill, that they have
many sailors in their districts—that they repre-
sent commercial districts where there are many
seamen, and consequently they take very great
interest in this matter, and cannot vote for this
proviso. I want these facts to go to their dis-
tricts, to show how the weather-beaten old sailor
who is disabled in the service has had the money
taken out of his pocket to support in ease and
luxuries sinecure surgeons and sinecure nurses.
Mr. Speaker, if this system of marine hospitals
is to be extended on the line which has been
marked out by the recent policy, which builds a
hospital and supports a horde of employes at
the expense of the Government, and from the
earnings of seamen, at the villages on your inland
rivers, the next step in its progress will be to have
them established at the villages situated on canals.
If you must erect hospitals at towns to provide
for all the flat-boatmen and those who navigate
rafts during the spring freshets, why not provide
for the boatmen on the ragiiig canawl Vs And,
if we must go on with this system, and take the
money out of the public Treasury for these pur-
poses, I shall have to set up—by way of having
something like equality in distribution of the con-
tents of the public Treasury—a claim for the dis-
trict which I have the honor to represent. There
is no navigable river there, but there is a canal
there. The boatmen are taken sick in navigating
it, and have to be provided for often in our city
and county hospitals.
This thing, sir, has grown to be an abuse—an
enormous abuse—and the Committee of Ways
and Means, presuming that one of its duties was to
guard the public Treasury, pursuant to the recom-
mendations received, attached this fatal proviso
to the appropriation of $150,000 for the relief of
disabled seamen.
For this reason, I understand, the supporters of
the defective system have combined with a certain
other class of members, which is opposed to the
clause providing for the salary of the Governor of
New Mexico—a clause which comes hese indorsed
by the First Comptroller of the Treasury, Mr.
Whittlesey, a man who has been recognized by
all parties, forlong years, as one who never allows
an improper claim to pass through his hands. Its
allowance is also recommended by Secretary
Guthrie as a just claim, and the Committee of
Ways and Means have unanimously concurred.
But it is said that gentlemen have "log-rolled"
so as to place the bill in a condition where it must
inevitably be defeated. Whether party advan-
tages are thus sought, I know not. nor do I care.
The Committee of "Ways and Means wash its
hands of the consequences, having discharged its
duty fully to the House and to the country. If the
Democratic party do not want a deficiency bill
—as seems to have been indicated here this morn-
ing by the vote just taken—why, let it be so.
As an individual, I shall never be a beggartothat
party for the passage of any bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
speaks about log-rolling between certain parties
here in opposition to the bill. I do not know
how the expression is brought in. I suppose that
the gentleman certainly did not intend to apply
it to me.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I do not charge the gentle-
man from Alabama at all. I do not know for
what purpose he may have desired the defeat of
the bill, if he has desired to defeat it.
