5653
appendix to the congressional globe.
[May 5,
34th Cong....1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
as to the construction of parts of it? Whose |
opinion are you to take ? Are you to rely upon :
the opinion of any one Senator on account of his
• standing and character, as expressing the will of i
the Senate ? No, sir. On any known principle
of leal construction, you are to take the language
of the law, and to interpret its words according to
their plain and natural import, as applied to the
subject-matter, and you are to draw your conclu-
sion of what is the legislative intent, from the
legislative language embodied in the law. You
never can resort to any cotemporaneous debate
of that kind in order to explain the legislative in-
tent, unless there be a defect or obscurity in the
expression of the legislative will. There is no
such defect or obscurity here, when you take the
two clauses of this law together; and I feel per-
fectly satisfied that there is not a court of justice
in the country, who, if the question were now
before them, would not decide that every officer |
who was retired by the President, after the action 1
of this board, is, by the act of Congress, entitled
to leave pay, if he was not on furlough pay at the
time when he was retired. If this law and the .
action under it stand, and any of these officers, so
situated, should bring an action in the Court of
Claims for the difference between the leave-of-
absence pay and furlough pay, we may yet learn
what the judgment of that tribunal will be. I en-
tertain no doubt of the result of such an action.
I have now presented my views of the errors
of construction into which the Secretary of the
Navy—no doubt unintentionally and honestly
—fell in the instructions which he gave to the
officersappointed to carry the law into execution,
it is immaterial, however, to the question of in-
justice, whether the error was in the law itself,
or in its erroneous construction by the Executive.
In either case it ought to be remedied. If your
law has in itself the elements of injustice, or if it
has been so construed as to work unjustly con-
trary to your will, in either case it is not only
your right, but it is your duty to remedy, as far
as the legislative authority can, the evils which
have arisen, and the injustice which has been per-
petrated under it.
I proceed now to enforce the objections to the
law itself.
Mj first objection is, that the act of 1855 violates a
principle of justice recognized in all civilized coun-
tries not purely despotic—that no one should have his
rights, whether of person or property, injuriously af-
fected by a legal decision, or undercolor of law,with-
out the opportunity for a hearing and eeeplanation.
Mr. President, the necessity and the propriety
of this principle are too obvious to require illus-
tration. It has been attempted to exclude its ap-
plication here, on the ground that an officer of
the Navy holds his commission during pleasure,
subject to removal by the President at will. The
view which I take of this law, and the right of the
officer under it, is consistent with the positions
assumed in argument by those who assert the
existence of the executive power. On this ques-
tion of the tenute of the office, I am willing, for
the purposes of the argument, to concede that an
officer in the Army or Navy, by the tenor of his
commission, holds his office during executive
pleasure, and that the tenure of his office is not
now an open question; but, sir, there is a wide
distinction between the removal of an officer at
mere will, and a removal for cause. The exercise
of the former power has been universally applied
in practice to civil officers, and sustained by the
general sentiment of the community, whether
right or wrong; but such an exercise of power
in relation to an officer in the Army or Navy has
never been attempted; and no removal of such an
officer, by virtue of the power vested in the Pres-
ident, has ever been made, except for known and
admitted cause, or upon conviction by a court-
martial.
As to the tenure of office, I am willing to accept
the admission of the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] in the course of his
remarks made in debate upon the subject during
the present session. On the 10th of January last
that Senator spoke thus;
« We all know that the true constitutional theory is that
which mike* the office determinable on the pleasure of the
President. These officers do not hold their office during
good behavior. They hold no office for life. They are in
the service of their country, under an implied contract, i
admit, th.it tliey shall remain in that service so long as they
can efficiently perform their duties."
I admit, substantially, the proposition stated
in these remarks of the honorable Senator. There
is an implied contract between the officer and the
Government, arising out of the nature and char- :
acter of the service, at the time of his entering 1
it; and that implied contract is, in effect, this: {
That, although the power exists in the Presi- 1
dent to remove the officer at pleasure, yet it cannot
be rightfully exercised without sufficient cause.
I would make this addition to the proposition: j
That, consistently with the implied contract be- ;
tween the officer and the Government, Congress j
may abolish the office of every officer in the Navy, j
and thus remove the officer, when required by
the public interest; but I contend that, from the
nature of the service, the practical construction of
the tenure of office in the Army or Navy is, that
the officer, holding his place at the pleasure of the
President, grounded on an implied contract, unless ,
the necessities of the country require the aboli-
tion of the office, arising from the reduction of the
service, he cannot be rightfully removed without
cause. I deny that the maxim, stat pro ratione
j voluntas, applies to such an exercise of power. I
hold that the dismissal of an officer from per-
sonal dislike, or on political grounds, would be
an abuse of power, rendering the President liable
to impeachment. I do not deny that the exercise
of the power would be effective. I concede that
if an officer were removed even without sufficient
cause, he would be out of the service.
But, sir, there is a wrongful and a rightful ex-
ercise of power. The removal may be uncon-
stitutional, though not to such an extent as would
enable judicial action to remedy the evil as an j
excess of power; and in such cases the legislative
power alone can afford a remedy, and the Legis-
lature is as much bound to correct the unconsti-
tutional abuse of a delegated power, as the Judi-
ciary are to restrain the excess of power.
If there be animplied contract between the officer
and the Government, arising from usage and the
j: nature of the service, the power of dismissal at j
| will, without cause, would involve an authority 1
j to disregard a contract when there had been no
i | breach of it by the other contracting party. The
11 President, therefore can, consistently, with the
! i implied contract, only rightfully dismiss an officer
ij for cause: I admit that incapacity to perform his
duties, when established, constitutes sufficient
cause.
Is not this the true view of the position of every
officer in your Army and Navy ? The absolute
power is in the President; and, judicially, the
effect of his order for removal—though without
the remotest cause; though tyrannical in the ex-
treme; though exercised from corrupt motive—
would be to place the officer out of the service;
■ but, so exercised, it would be a gross abuse of
power, subjecting the President to impeachment.
The Judiciary could in such a case afford no
relief; but so far as Congress can, by legislation,
check abuses of power, it is an incumbent duty
to do so, instead of stimulating abuses by the
removal of executive responsibility.
j ■ If these views be correct, then dismission for
i! cause, no matter whether upon the sentence of a
|' court-martial or by executive authority, depriv-
i ing the officer of his commission, in accordance
;l with the terms of his implied contract, falls
j! within the principle of justice which I have stated;
! and the party is entitled to be heard or to explain,
|; although the form of hearing may be different in
:! the case of a summary inquiry and a trial for a
specific offense by court-martial. If I desired
! an illustration of the necessity of this rule, it has
1 been afforded amply to me, to the Senate, and to
the country, in the proceedings with reference to
j the officers on board the United States ship Ohio
J. in 1839 and 1840, which were introduced into this
! debate for a very different purpose by the Senator
; from Texas, but which may be legitimately and
! forcibly used in favor of the rule for which I con-
tend. The Secretary of the Navy, in that case,
without inquiry, issued an order founded on the
ex parte representations of a distinguished officer
in the Navy; honestly made, I have no doubt,
but made when his nervous system was affected,
when he had approached the termination of life,
and when there had been causes of disagreement
between him and his officers which gave a jaun-
diced view on his part to all their acts. Founded
on these representations, not communicatcd to
the officers affected by them—on the nifre state-
ment on one side without proof—the Secretary
of the Navy incautiously ordered these officers to
be publicly reprimanded, and authorized the
complaining commander of the squadron to send
them home. They were sent home. After they
reached home, and had the opportunity of a hear-
ing and of explanation, a revision of the original
incautious decision was made by the same Secre-
tary; and on a calm consideration of all the facts,
with, I fear, a rare magnanimity, Secretary
Paulding reversed his former decision, and sent
those officers back to their posts, because they
had been censured unjustly, solely inconsequence
of the violation of this great principle, that every
man should be heard before he is condemned.
Sir, the principle was asserted far anterior to our
days. "Strike, but hear me," was the excla-
mation of the Athenian; and it is a maxim for all
time. In all actions affecting the rights of others,
it is a principle which should never be lost sight
of. In this case, as I think by the intention of
the law, and certainly under the construction of
the Secretary of the Navy in his regulations, the
examination was ex parte; and no opportunity of
hearing or of explanation was given. For this
reason, if for no other, the law of 1855 ought to
be repealed so far as we have the power to re-
peal it, and recall the action under its provisions.
Mr. President, it may be that my exclusive
devotion to forensic pursuits previous to becom-
ing a member of this body has impressed upon
me greater respect for this right to a hearing
than exists in the minds of other members of the
Senate. It has become with me a fixed opinion
that in no case, whether involving the interests
of the country or of an individual, can you with
impunity abandon that principle which requires,
in deciding upon a man s rights, whether of per-
son or property, in deciding upon his guilt or in-
nocence, he shall be heard before the decree or
sentence is pronounced. Whenever a law vio-
lates that principle where rights are involved, it
necessarily must lead to wrong and to injury
Does not the principle apply here ? I have en-
deavored to establish the fact, that officers have
rights under their commissions. If they have
rights they are entitled to a hearing before those
• rights are disposed of. I care not whether the
effect of the sentence or recommendation of the
board has been to degrade or disgrace them. If
they had a right to their commissions, which
could not be justly taken away from them with-
out cause; if they had a right to remain on the
active-service list as long as they performed their
duty, and were not liable to be displaced without
| cause; if they were entitled to pay which could
; not be diminished without cause—then these
rights were trampled upon, and this great prin-
: ciple was violated when an ex parte decision was
made without any testimony but the mere opin-
ion of the board, and without an opportunity of
explanation or hearing afforded.
If, practically, the tenure of office, both in the
Army and Navy, is such as I have contended
' for—that an officer should not be removed except
for cause—is not the principle applicable in a
case where the action relates to his individual
1 competency, and does not arise from the wants
of the country in reducing the Army or the Navy
from a war to a peace establishment? Sir, if it
ever becomes a settled usage, that in the Army
and Navy an officer holds his office at the mere
will of the President, you had better repeal at
once all laws authorizing an Army and Navy,
for under such a usage no man who values his
own self-respect—no man who is fit to command
in either service—none but the most servile spirits
will hereafter enter a profession which requires
the devotion of years to acquire a sufficient prac-
tical knowledge of its duties, and unfits its mem-
bers in a great measure for other occupations,
with the liability of being turned adrift on the
world, without means of subsistence and occu-
pation, at the mere will of the Executive, founded
on personal or political displeasure.
! The usage which makes the tenure of office
depend on executive will and favor may be neces-
