572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 4,
Mr. HOUSTON. I tried to keep the provision
in relation to the compensation of the Governor of
New Mexico out of the bill, but it was retained;
and for that reason I voted against the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I relieve the gentleman
from any imputation of "log-rolling," and I hope
he will feel quite easy on that subject. But I
will be permitted to say that if the honorable
gentleman from Alabama voted against the bill
because of that proviso, it is a somewhat remark-
able affair, because he is well posted up, well
advised,in regard to the corruptions which prevail
in the marine hospital system. So far as I am
personally concerned, Mr. Speaker, as chairman
of this important committee, I am perfectly will-
ing to take any course in regard to this matter
which may be agreeable to the House, except
that I will not, under any circumstance, now or
hereafter, knowingly give a vote which is to be
construed into an approbation of this perfectly
preposterous system of building and keeping up
marine hospitals merely to expend the public
treasure and provide salaried offices for those who
want pay without labor. I have nothing more
to say in the matter. If it be the pleasure of the
House to recommit this bill to the Committee of
Ways and Means, that committee will of course
take it up and reconsider it under the order of
the House, whenever they see fit to do so. I con-
fess that under the circumstances surrounding
this extraordinary vote, I am disinclined at pres-
ent to propose any further action in reference to
the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. H. Marshall] has indicated that if
the motion to reconsider shall prevail, he desires
to have a motion for the reconsideration of the
vote engrossing the bill also prevail. The bill
will then be subject to a motion to strike out so
much of this bill as relates to the marine hospi-
tals, or to changing the existing laws.
Mr. CAMPBELL. To strike out the proviso.
Mr. PHELPS. To strike out the two provisoes
Since the defeat of this bill, I care very little what
course the House may pursue m regard to this
matter—whether the bill shall remain defeated,
or whether the House shall retracc its steps at
the suggestion of the gentleman from Kentucky.
The proviso in this bill with regard to the ex-
penditure of this money for the relief of sick and
disabled seamen was one, in the opinion of the
Committee of Ways and Means, conducing not
only to economy in the expenditure of the money
of the Government, but one that was also de-
signed and intended to provide better and more
suitable accommodations for that class of our
fellow-citizens who are, to a certain extent, de-
pendent on the bounty of the Government. The
Committee of Ways and Means entertained that
opinion, and acted upon it in pursuance of the
recommendations contained in the finance report
which lias been referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means. That committee believed that
it was discharging its duty when it introduced
these two provisoes into the bill. But it seems
that in that matter the judgment of the House is
different from the judgment of the committee;
and hence, if the suggestion indicated by the
gentleman from Kentucky be followed, I, as one
of the members of that committee, will consider
that this House has come to the solemn decision
that hereafter no general legislation will be al-
lowed in the appropriation bills reported by the
committee, but that they must be merely confined
to appropriating the money required by existing
law; and that so far as changing salaries—ei ther in-
creasing or diminishing them—it is not within
the province of the committee in the appropria-
tion bills to make any recommendation on these
subjects.
My friend from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] took
occasion during this session of Congress to con-
gratulate the country on the advance which had
been made of a sound, healthy state of public sen-
timent in the House since it convened. I am
aware that during the last summer, and during
the last session of Congress, it was threatened
that, if the Republican party obtained the ascend-
ency in this House, there should be placed on the
annual appropriation bills the Wilmot proviso or
some other odious provision concerning the insti-
tution of slavery. I am glad to see that the House
will not sanction any such measure. I am glad
to see that the House has to-day made a decision
going to show that it will not allow to go into an
appropriation bill, either on the recommendation
of the committee which reports these bills, or by
the action of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, anything except that which
directs the money to be paid out of the Treasury
Department. I think, then, that I may join the
gentleman from Georgia in his congratulations to
the country upon this further advance that has
been made with reference to the provisions intro-
duced into the annual appropriation bills.
If, however, there be a desire on the part of the
House to preserve this bill, and save it from being
recommitted to the Committee of Ways and
Means, or from being again referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
the suggestion of my friend from Kentucky can
be adopted. The only complaint in relation to
these two provisoes seems to be this—that gen-
tlemen were inattentive to the business of the
House. I recollect well that when the deficiency
bill was taken up in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, there was barely a
quorum of members present. Gentlemen were
occupied elsewhere But the bill had been printed
some days before it was considered in committee;
and if gentlemen had taken the trouble to have
gone or sent to the document room, they could
have obtained copies of the deficiency bill with
all these provisions in it; and if they objected
to any of them, they could have been prepared
to object to them when they came up. But did
they do it? On the contrary, they seemed to be
willing to leave matters to regulate themselves.
When the Committee of the Whole 011 the state
of the Union proceeded to the consideration of
the bill, by general consent its first reading was
dispensed with. When the reading by clauses
was commenced, the opportunity was afforded
for gentlemen to amend the bill. If there was a
provision in it objectionable to any member, it
was his duty to have moved to strike it out. The
general debate upon the bill was not then closed,
and any gentleman could have occupied an hour
under the rules in explaining his views. The
Committee of Ways and Means thought there
was an abuse in reference to these marine hospi-
tals which ought to be corrected, and it was not
their fault that members were inattentive to the
public business, and did not see to the provisoes
in the bill. As I have remarked, when these pro-
visoes were read in committee, there was barely
a quorum present—perhaps less than a quorum.
I recollect that there was a desire expressed
upon the part of the Committee of Ways and
Means that no division should be had, because
they were fearful the House would be found with-
out a quorum. They were anxious that the bill
should pass. There were appropriations in it im-
portant to be made at an early day. There were
appropriations for compensation to mail contrac-
tors and postmasters in the different parts of the
Union, which was due them as deficiencies; and
unless an appropriation was made, out of which
they could be paid, great injustice would be done.
Mr. READY. Mr. Speaker, the remarks of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means have satisfied me that this bill ought not
to have passed in the form in which it now stands.
He proposed, by this bill, to make a radical
change in our whole system of marine hospitals,
which is a very important change. That branch
of the public service has grown into vast magni-
tude, involving an expenditure of some §2,000,000
or upwards a year, and involving the interests of
one of the most useful classes of citizens belong-
ing to our Government. The whole system upon
which we have been proceeding, from its inaugur-
ation up to the present time, is proposed to be
changed by a simple provision in a deficiency bill;
and upon what grounds? It is alleged, by the
chairman of the Committee of Waysand Means,
that great abuses have grown up in the manage-
ment of our marine hospitals, and that facts can
be presented here of the most astounding char-
acter in reference to those abuses. Well, sir,
although that may be true, it does not prove to me
that this bill is the proper place in which to cor-
rect the evil. If it be true that abuses have grown
up in this system, let us have the facts, and not
a mere provision in a deficiency bill; but let us j
have a bill introduced to change the system upon !
which these marine hospitals have hitherto been '
regulated. Let the facts of which the gentleman
from Ohio speaks be adduced here, and let us
have an opportunity to examine them; and then
let us see if we can devise some better system
upon which our marine hospitals shall hereafter
be managed.
The progress of this bill through the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, as well
as in the House proper, has been a rapid and
forced one; and if the bill has failed on its final
passage, I submitit to the honorable chairman of
the Ways and Means, whether he may not at-
tribute its failure, in some degree, to himself?
By his motion he forced upon us a resolution
cutting off debate in committee, and then at-
tempted to force the passage of the bill in the
House under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, thereby preventing the House, even if they
had been in possession of those extraordinary and
astounding facts which would disclose such great
abuses in the management of these hospitals,
from considering them in such a way as to act
understanding^ upon them.
Now, I must say, Mr. Speaker, that I voted
against this bill partly for the very reason that
we were not permitted to investigate this subject
as thoroughly as we should have done before pro-
ceeding to change sogreatandimportantasystem.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the gentleman
will allow me. He is certainly in error. A great
deal has been said about the application of the
gag in forcing the passage of this bill through the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union—of not alio wing gentlemen to examine and
discuss the merits of the questions involved.
Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Tennessee
could have had his hour had he made objection at
the time this bill was under consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
And the gentleman very well knows that it is the
invariable custom for the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, when these appro-
priation bills are brought from Committee of the
Whole into the House proper, to pursue the
course which was pursued this morning—to move
the previous question and terminate debate. If
such a course were not pursued, it would be
utterly impossible for the Committee of Ways
and Means to get the appropriation bills through
the House.
But the particular point to which I wish to
direct the attention of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee is, that he could have had a full opportunity
to investigate any subject connected with the bill
at the proper time, if he had seen fit to have
availed himself of it; and it will be 110 excuse
for gentlemen to say they forgot to do it, or that
they were not in their seats when the maitercame
up, or that they did not have time to examine it.
1 put the question to gentlemen who are complain-
ing about cutting off debate, whether they did not
have an opportunity of debating this proposition
at the proper time ?
Mr. READY. I suppose I might have had my
hour, if I could have been so fortunate as to have
the floor assigned me. I believe that is a pre-
requisite to addressing the House; and I am not
one of those who have always been so fortunate
as to obtain the floor when they have sought it.
It is true, that I did not seek the floor upon this
subject, because I was willing to leave the dis-
cussion of the matter m the hands of those who
had a deeper interest in it and fuller inform-
ation upon it than I had. But, sir, the attitude
which I have assumed in this matter is not ill ref-
erence merely to the propriety or impropriety of
any gentleman's discussing this bill. I want to
impress upon the House the importance of a thor-
ough and deliberate investigation of a subject of
this magnitude, and the danger of hurrying such
a measure through as a mere appendage to a defi-
ciency bill, to which it does not properly belong.
Where, sir, are the facts to which the gentle-
man has alluded ? He says he can produce them;
but still they have not been produced; the House
has not been enlightened. I want this important
measure to be elucidated by all the facts which
can be brought forward. In the aspect in which
the subject is now presented, it is proposed, upon
the mere recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and without further light upon it, to
change the whole system which we have hitherto
pursued in reference to these marine hospitals.
If we are to make a change so radical, I submit,
it would be more satisfactory to the country and
