1298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
or the enactment of laws calculated to advance
their interests. These seventy thousand Califor-
nians have notcome here in person, but they have
selected two of our most respectable citizcns,
(Drs. Hill and Hitchcock,) who have placed the
memorial I have read in my hands. It presents
fairly and justly the whole question, and you
may; rely upon it they are in earnest. The day
for joking with them has passed by.
Mr, President', I may be allowed to say, in pre-
senting this memorial, that it has been my earn-
est desire, evei since I have had a seat m this
Chamber to obtain from the Federal Government
appropriations for the construction of wagon
roads running towards the Pacific. This is a
matter of immediate andpressing necessity. Delays
to us are more than dangerous. These memorial-
ists do not ask you to stretch the Constitution to
accommodate them. They ask you to make no
works of internal improvement within the limits
of a State;but they simply ask you to construct
a good wagon road through your oxen Territories—
through that portion of our country which lies
between the frontier of Missouri and the western
boundary of the State from whcncc I come. Here
is no constitutional objection to be interposed.
You have the absolute power to expend every
dollar of the national Treasury, if you choose, in
making roads through the Territories. That the
road which this memorial asks for is indispens-
able for military purposes, I need not tell you.
The Secretary of War, in his annual report, says
that in case of war it would take from four to six
months to send troops and .supplies, &c., overland
to California, and (at present prices) at a cost of
$20,000,000 per annum. Give us a good wngon
road, and the time will be reduced more than one
kalfi and the expense one third. By this you will
have accomplished much; but still a railroad will
be found necessary to give us the full protection
to which we are entitled as a member of this
great Confederacy. Your policy has thrown
large tribes of Indians between the Atlantic States
and. the Pacific, coast, and we ask you for protec-
tion against them. Can you deny us this? Will
you recognize us as membeis of the Union only
for taxable purpose? ? Will you deny us the priv-
ilege of communicating with our brethren on (Jiis
side, and leave us to the ti nder mercies of your
imchristiamzed and uncivilized Indians? We
are compelled, I say, to hold intercourse with you
through foreign territory; and the disturbances :
which have recently taken place at Panama, as
well as the interruption of the San Juan route,
must demonstrate the absolute necessity of having
some communication overland with that distant
region. Without a safe overland route it will be
difficult to hold our possessions on the Pacific in
peace; and in warwithouy maritime Power, they
would be temporarily detached from the Union
beyond all doubt.
Very early in the session—the first month of
the session—1 introduced a bill to authorize the
Postmaster General to contiact for the transpor-
tation of the mail tri-weckly from the Mississippi
river to San Francisco. Although I felt that the
people of California were entitled to larger mail
•facilities than they now enjoy, the great object
which I sought to attain by the introduction of
that bill was to provide for the construction of a
good wagon road—a road over which the emi-
grants could pass as safely and as securely as in
any other poition of the union. I think the peo-
ple of my State have a right to this protection
when they ate passing through the Tenitories
of the United States. You fail to do your duty
when you refuse to extend this to them.
The bill to which I have alluded contained a
provision, that whoever contracted to transport
the mails should be authorized to expend a sum
not exceeding $150,000 in building and grading
the road^and this was to be reimbursed from the
I?ederal 1 reasury. \ou will discover, therefore,
that whilst that was a postal bill, the great object
which I sought to attain was the construction of
a good road. It was in a form which struck me
as much more practicable than any other in which
it could be presented.
The Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads had that bill long under consideration, and
have finally reported it back to the Senate, strik-
ing out the proposition which I considered im-
portant—the provision making an appropriation
of $150,000 for the construction uf a road, and
directing the President of the United States to
see that military posts and stockades were planted
along that road to give protection to the mails
and to our emigrants. Does any one deny the
power of the Federal Government to do this?
I desired to place the construction of the road
under mail contractors. They are the best road-
makors in the world. They do not go out, as
do the topographical engineers, with barometers
and other instruments, to determine the altitude
of mountains; nor do they care about the botany,
mineralogy, or geology of the country; they
take no other instruments than the ax, the
shovel, the spade, and the pick-ax. Their only
object is to locate a road. They know what
graa<j they require in order to pass over with their
stages; they see at once what bridges are neces-
sary to cross the streams and ravines. If any
Senator could now transport himself to the State
of California, he would find over all the moun-
tain roads, four-horse coaches making as good
time as your stages on this side of the continent.
My desire, then, was to place the expenditure of
this money in the hands of practical civilians—
men who would see that the road was made at
once. Time has become important to us; we
want, no exploring, no surveying parties; we
want the road, and that at once. This accom-
plished, we have no objection to parties to ex-
amine the geology and mineralogy of the country.
At the last session of Congress we appropri-
ated $,">0,000 to construct a road from Fort Riley
to Ihalger's £ass. I inquired this morning,
whether that road had yet been finished? and,
to my astonishment, I received the information,
that m a very few days, the parties were going
out to commence the work ! More than fifteen
months have elapsed since Congress made an
appropriation to open that road, and the first
movement has not yet been made ! Some excuse
may, perhaps, be found for this delay, in the fact
that, during the past summer, we were involved
in a war with the tribes that lay between those
different posts; but still, I think, the importance
of the work was such as to justify sending out
a strong military force to protect the working
parties. Certainly the whole of the last season
and this spring ought not. to have been lost.
jjut i must not, upon the presentation of a me-
morial, merely, trespass on the attention of the
 jenate. I will only say that, if a bill for the
consi ruction of thjjpivagon road be passed at
this session of Congress, and if the construction
of it be placed under the control of civilians—
practical men—I have no doubt that, within a
period of twelve months, you will find stage
couches running upon that route. The California
stage company are now prepared to stock that
route the very moment this wagon road is com-
pleted, and you have the necessary military posts
to  ivc protection to those who may pass over it.
A m.ul can be transported from Independence,
Missouri, over the road which I nowpropose, to
the boundary line of California, in Carson valley,
in twelve days, and reach San Francisco in four-
teen days.
Construct a road from El Paso to Fort Yuma,
which I intend to present in another bill, and the
mail can be carried in coaches to the Gila, and
then through the Gorgonio Pass, to San Fran-
cisco. overland, in thirteen days.,
is this desirable ? 1 ask the Senate whether we
are not compelled, from the fact that the emigra-
tion to Californiahas now to pass through foreign
territory, to open a communication directly with
the Pacific, overland? The population which we
particularly desire, agriculturists and laboring
men, canoot now go there. We want them to
go with their families and their stock, and find
happy homes in our rich and productive valleys.
Hesidi's, the very moment you open this wagon
road, you will have a telegraph. That prince of
telegraphers, O'Rielley,would open aline within
fifteen months to San Francisco. You could then
b<_I'd your uiossnge, dated here, at twelve o'clock,
anu it would be opened by them at about half
oast nine o'clock this morning, by their time.
Yon have been receiving from California, since
1849, at the rate of some fifty millions of dollars
per unaum. In the event of a war, this must
pass oveilard, through our own territory, or
eUe thousands would at once become involved in
bankruptcy and ruin. Let California withhold
her remittances of gold for two months, and who
can predict the financial embarrassments which
would overwhelm this section of the continent?
I have but one other remark to make. Cali-
fornia does not now ask you to make her roads.
There never has been a single dollar of the Fed-
eral Treasury appropriated to the construction
of any roads in the State of California. Take
the State represented by my honorable friends
from Michigan. She was for thirty years a Ter-
ritory, and all her roads were made at the ex-
pense of the Federal Treasury; but in consequence
of having no territorial government in California
we have never had a dollar appropriated for this
purpose. We are not now asking it. We ask
you merely to make roads through your own
territory, and we will take care to connect with
it. Is there anything unreasonable in this? Or
do you still think that California is a " humbug,"
a bubble, and will soon explode? Let me say that
my State has thus far been loyal to the Union,
and wiil remain so if you deal justly and fairly
by her. One would suppose that after you had
extracted more than three hundred millions from
her, you would concede she was no "humbug."
At the last session of our State Legislature
$100,000 was appropriated to open a road from
the head waters of the Sacramento river to Carson
valley, which lies immediately on the boundary,
between the State of California and the Terri-
tory of Utah. The session of the Legislature
which has just now closed, having gotten into
some difficulty on the subject, have made a further
appropriation of §140,000, making in all $240,000;
and the question is now submitted to the people
of that State. Under a clause of the constitution
of California you cannot increase the public debt
without a direct vote of the people; and therefore
i this proposition is now submitted to them. I
| have no doubt but thai just as soon as you have
' made tins road through your own Territories, you
i will find the people of California prepared to in-
tersect it from as many points as the commerce
and business of that country may demand.
I have the instruction of the Committee on
Military Affairs to report a bill to provide for the
construction of a military road from some point
in the State of Missouri, via Great Salt Lake to
Carson Yalley settlement, on the castern*frontier
of the State of California, and for the establish-
ment of military posts, and the sinking of wells
thereupon. They have thus fully authorized me
to carry out the wishes of the people of Califor-
nia. 1 hope the Senate will act with equal
promptitude.
This bill makes an appropriation of $300,000.
I have ascertained, in the proper quarter, that
this will be amply sufficient to cover all the ex-
penses necessary to the bridging and grading of
this road; for, as is said in the memorial, more
than four fifths of it is the best natural road in
America. There is only a small portion of it
which requires bridging and grading in order to
;make it, as I have said, one of the best roads in
the Republic. Jn the name of seventy-five thou-
sand Californians I demand this at your hands.
I shall ask the early attention of the Senate to
this subject. I am aware that we are engaged in
the discussion of some questions deeply interest-
ing to the Republic, but I hope we will soon be
able^to dispose of these. I would be doing in-
justice, gross injustice, to the people whom I
represent, if I did notdemand prompt action upon
some measures now pending, which are vitally
important to them.
As debate is not know in order, I will hereafter
ask the indulgence of the Senate to give me a
hearing on this bill. I regret that I have felt com-
pelled to trespass upon the rules of the Senate at
this time.
This memorial was laid before the Committee
on Military Affairs, and it was in anticipationof
that reference being made that I hod the authority
of the committee to report this bill. .1 will also
say that it is my intention to-day to introduce
another bill which I shall have referred to the
[ Committee on Military Affairs, providing for the
| construction of a military road from El Paso to
; Fort Yuma, at the mouth of the Gila river.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
; It constitutes two large folio volumes, elegantly
I bound, with an illustiated title-page of letters set
I in California gold-leaf.
i Mr. WELLER. I now report, from the Com-
i mittee on Military Affairs, the bill (S. No. 337)
