2172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
thing back from them. The Navy and the Army
are the only positions in this country which are
permanent. They are for life. Within twelve
years you may defeat a project for the Navy;
one House may be adverse; the Senate may be
adverse; and another and another adverse; but
being a permanent body, if it is rejected for ten
years, it will be passed after a while for particular
cases. Tins is like that midnight meeting to
which my friend [Mr. Pearce] alluded just now,
as having surrounded the House of Representa-
tives. I suppose it was captured by them, and
thus a bad principle was established. Gentlemen
now come here and say, make everybody equal
with them. In the first place, T am against this
system in the Navy, and I am aga:nst extending
it to "the Army, because it is wrong. If it is a
sound principle in the Navy, I admit it might be
a sound principle in the Anny, but there are
reasons against it. Surely, if you apply it to the
regular Army, and you call out a man that has
not been educated o£ the Government expense,
that has not got any of the rewards and high
honors of the Government, to defend his country
or resist aggression, and he loses hislifo, I would
appeal to every Senator here, on what principle
will you exclude him from all the benefits which
you grant to the regular Army? It cannot be
done on principle, and ought not to receive a vote.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore. The hour for
the consideration of the special order has arrived,
and it must be taken up unless otherwise directed
by the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will be taken up.
The-PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The special
order is the bill (H. R. No. 315) making- appro-
priations for the .service of the Post Office De-
partment during the fiscal year ending June oO,
1857. This bill will be laid aside for the purpose
of taking it up.
SURETIES OT ROBERT KING.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to make an appeal to
the Senator from Viitrini.x, and to ask the consent
of the Senate to pass a bill from the House of
Representatives which will take no time and give
rise to no debate It is a case where a security
is liable to sutler.
Mr. HUNTER. As the Senator says it will
give rise to no debate, if nobody else objects t
ibihall not; hut i am anxious to get up the Post
(Mice appropriat ions, for reasons which 1 can give
the Senate jf necessary.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 135)
for the relief of the representatives and sine lies
of Robert Ivim;, deceased.
It piopo.sey to direct the attorney of the United
StoU-s fur the district of East Tennessee, to dis-
miss the suit instituted by him in favor of the
United Slates on the official bond of the Into
Robeit King, former pension agent at Knowille,
Tennessee; and the claim of the United Slates
founded upon the bond i.s to he released and dis-
charged; but the accounting ofiicer of the Tieas-
uiy is first .o adjust the accounts of Robert King
as pension p ent, allowing to the defendants tor
him two per cent, on the moneys paid out by him
lor all the time he acted as agent, and for which
he was never allowed, and the defendants arc
lo pay the balance, if any, which may be found
due to the United Si.nes.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to a thiid reading, read the
thud time, and passed.
JOHN POE.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON", of Kentucky,
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the lull (II. R. No. 330) for
the relief of John Poo, of Louisville. Kentucky.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
him £752 50 in full com pen sat ton for his services in
purchasing horses and mules for the Army of the
United States in 1846.
The biil was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and paysud.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senile, ns in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (H. K. No. 315)
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal vear ending
the 30th of June, 1857. ' °
Mr. HUNTER. The bill is according to the
estimates. The Committee on Finance have no
amendments to offer.
Mr. YULEE. The Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads have directed me to report
the following amendment:
That the sum of $500,000 be, and thp samp i<s hereby, ap-
propriated for pmchasing a site and the erection orpiepara-
tion of the necessary building for a post office m the city of
New York.
This is an appropriation of $500,000 to enable
the President to purchase a site, and either erect
a building 01* prepare one, if there be a building
on the site, for a post office in New York. It is
recommended by the Department.
Mr. HUNTER. The appropriate place for
that would have been the miscellaneous appro-
priation bill, which has been passed. That con-
tained appropriations for public buildings. In
regard to this, we do not know whether there has
been any contract or any plan.
Mr. YULEE. There has been no contract,
but I take it the Post Office appropriation bill is
the proper place for it. I ask for the reading of
the letter of the Postmaster General.
The letter was read, as follows:
Post Office Department, August 14, 1856.
Sir: In answer to your note of this day's date, I have
the honor to state that I consider it highly important that
authority should be granted for the purchase of a site and
erection of a post othce 111 the city of New Yoik.
The lease of the building now used tor this purpose
expne.s on the list of May, 1865. The lent is $10,000; and
there is no doubt but that the rent of a suitable huildingfor
a poM office would greatly exe.e.ed this s um, wete the De-
partment now obliged to pioeuie one. Although the pre-.cnt
building is made to an^wei the pin pu*e, the accoinmod.i-
tion> ate notMich a^tiie iiitciests o! rite public rerpnie ; and
I cannot but hope that lite iicee^ary authoi ity may be <riven
tin- session to purchase a.Mtc and tor building an ollice mall
lopects aiiMvenng the public want-*.
lam, very icspcctfully, joui obedient i-m'rint,
JAMES CAMPRfiliL.
Hon I). L. Yi'lit, Chairman of the Committee on the Post
Ojp.cc and Post Roads, United States Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is already alaw on
the statute-book providing for a post office in the
cities of New York and Boston. We passed a
law in 1854 authorizing the President of the United
States to contract lor a suitable site and building
for a post ollice in the city of New York. The
Secretary of the Interior and the Postmaster Gen-
eral are authorized now, under the instructions
of the President, in accordance with the act, to
pioceod to make n conditional contract. Is not
that the proper mode to proceed? Why not have
n copy of the connect before us when we under-
take to appropriate £500,000 for the purchase of
a building ? That was done m relation to sim-
ilar structures 111 Philadelphia, ]>aktmore, and
elsewhere, and it ought to he mo m this case. I
hold, as I held 111 1854, that Congiess should
know* where tin1 money is to go, and where the
site is to lie. The local iepiesentatives from the
ciyof New Yoik should decide when it comes
up on the question of appropriation. All the con-
tracts which we have ratified were conditional
contracts, depending 011 an appropriation being
made by Congress. I think that is the most
appropriate course.
Mr. YULEE. I concede that there is authority
to make a conditional contract; but it has been
found impossible to make a conditional contract,
foi the ie.\son that 110 owner of property is will-
ing to bind himself by a proposal to the Govern-
ment which may or may not be accepted at some
future or indefinite time. Inasmuch, then, as it is
necessary that the Government should make pro-
vision for the better accommodation of the post
office service in JNew York, and inasmuch as it
is not advisable to make expensive alterations in
a leased building, it is thought best to do now at
once what will be necessary to be done at a future
time, especially when it is considered, that from
the constant increase of the value of property in
New York, it m likely that with every years'
delay the sum required to procure the accommo-
dation which the public service indispensably
needs at that large distributing point, will grow
larger.
Mr. HUNTER. Allow nie to ask my friend
what is to be the cost of the site and building?
Mr. YULEE. Five hundred thousand dollars
is proposed to be appropriated, for the purchase
of a sue and for the erection or preparation of
a suitable building.
Mr. HUNTER. That is for the commence-
ment.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; it is for a site, and the
erection or preparation ofa building. Itis thought
not unlikely that a suitable site can be purchased
upon which there is already a building, which,
with very moderate alterations, will answer the
purpose. It must be recollected that New York,
independently of the very large local service in-
volved in the post office arrangements there, is
the great distributing point for all the New Eng-
land States, for all the foreign mail service, and
for all the Pacific mail service. The Govern-
ment, therefore, requires very large accommoda-
tion there, which is not found in the building at
present occupied. It will become indispensable
that the Government should own a building,
which can be made suitable to its purposes.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from Florida
seems to misunderstand me. I do not object to
the purchase of a site for a post office in the
city of New York. I object to having two laws
011 the statute-book for the same purpose. We
have a proper law on the statute-book now, and
have had since 1854, and if they do not choose
to execute it, it is not our fault. ^
Mr. YULEE. I have no other answer to make
to the Senator than this, that under the existing
law it is impracticable to accomplish the purpose.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Why ?
Mr. YULEE. For the reason that no owner
of property in the city of New York, where the
value of property is continually advancing, will
bind himself to a proposal which may be or may
not be accepted at some indefinite time by the
Government.
Mr. FISH. The Senator from Florida is per-
fectly right in stating, that it has been found im-
practicable to execute the act of 1854, authorizing
the purchase of a site for a post office in New
York, owing to the requirement of a conditional
contract. That act has been on the statute-book
for two years. I united with the Senator from
Pennsylvania, at the time it was passed, in ap-
proving the requirement of the submission to
Congress of the plans and proposals; and I must
take my full share of blame m having defeated
the object which Congress had in view. That
very provision which was put in for the protection
of the Treasury has resulted in probably seventy-
five per cent, additional payment beyond what
the same ground could have been obtained for at
that time. The increase in the value of leal
estate in the city of New York is not only so
constant and so rapid, but the opportunity of
selling is so frequent, that owners will not make
a conditional contract dependent on the action of
Congress. The very sites which have been under
the consideration of the Department for the last
two years, which were offered at first for §.300,000,
have since been sold for upwards of half a mil-
lion of dollais. That is one of the con&equences
of the delay. That progress is still going on.
The Jaw has directed that a site shall be pur-
chased. We wish now to carry that into effect
before there is any greater increase in the value
j of property. The necessity of it is admitted not
| only by the legislation of Congress, but by the
; repeated and continued recommendation of the
j Department. 1 should have possibly preferred
i that a territorial district had been designated
1 within which the site should be selected, but I
; have entire confidence in the judgment and discre-
, tion of the Department and the Executive in that
■ particular. My colleagues in the House have
1 agreed with me in this. We are perfectly con-
! tent with this provision as it is, save as to amount.
I do not undertake to say that the $500,000 will
- complete it. There may be some alterations in
1 the building possibly, which will require a bal-
; ance beyond; but lean state that of three sites
; which have been proposed, that which seems to
i meet the view of the Department the best can be
; sold at private contract to individuals for $520,000
I am told that it is offered to the Government for
; $500,000. Possibly the difference may be made
! up by those who wish to have the post office
! there. Another site the owners hold at $600,000.
> There is a third, for which, as I have been as-
; sured by a statement of the sizes of the lots, and
: the prices for them, shown to me, the owners can
; get five hundred and thirty or five hundred and
I forty thousand dollars; but they are willing to
i sell it to the Government for $500,000. They
