1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5T3
better to separate the measure from this bill, than
to seek to pass it through in the way now pro-
posed.
One word in reference to the position assumed
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, why this provision in the deficiency bill
should pass. I allude to the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Treasury. I will say, in
justice to that Secretary, that I have as high con-
fidence in him as in any other officer of this Gov-
ernment. I have confidence in his integrity and
in his intelligence; but when gentlemen come here
and urge on this House, as a reason for the pas-
sage of so important a measure as this, that a
recommendation comes from the head of a Depart-
ment, without facts to enable members to judge
understandingly, I for one am not willing to take
that as a sufficient reason. I know of no reason
why the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury should be bindingon me in my legisla-
tive capacity. Though 1 will hear them respect-
fully, I must say, I do not know any officer of
tins Government, save the Prcsidentofthe United
States, who has the constitutional authority to
recommend to the legislative department any
action whatever. And when gentlemen make
such an argument as that, I tell them they are
launching into a dangerous train of argument to
influence legislation. I am willing, and always
giad, to have information submitted to this House
on which I am to act, come from what source it
may; but if I am told that 1 shall vote for a meas-
ure because this or that Secretary recommends it,
I demur. I can see evils which would grow out
of it that would be endless. There would be no
stopping point; and if we legislate on this subject
on the recommendation of the Secretary of the
Treasury, on the next bill that comes up we may
be asked to legislate on the recommendation of
another Secretary, and then of another; and after
awhile on the recommendation of a mere head of
a bureau. If gentlemen are to be influenced in
their votes by such reasons as these, we surrender
our right to legislate for the country into the
hands of the Executive and subordinate officers
of the Government.
Mr. ORR. The bill has been rejected by the
House; and the question now is, what arc we to
do further in the matter. One gentleman suggests
a reconsideration of the vote by which the bill
was rejected; another that the bill bo recommitted
to the Committee of Ways and Means, or to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I voted for the passage of the bill, al-
though I did not approve of the attachment to it
of the provisoes in reference to the marine hos-
pitals. I thought a deficiency bill was not the
place in which to consummate any such general
legislation. It is wrong in principle to make gen-
eral legislation in appropriation bills. Still, within
a few years back it has become very much the
custom to effect most of the general legislation of
the country in the general appropriation bills. If
it be true that the clause in reference to the marine
hospitals has weighed down the bill, then we may
retrace our steps and strike out that clause. We
must first reconsider the vote by which the bill
was rejected, and then reconsider the vote ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time. At
this stage amendment will be in order; a motion
may be made to strike out the objectionable clause
in reference to the marine hospitals. If it be true,
then, as has been suggested by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. H. Marshall,] that that clause
defeated the bill, a vote of the House will indi-
cate that fact by striking it out. There are some
things in the bill which require to be acted on,
and acted on promptly; and if we cannot pass the
bill with the clauses objected to, then I am willing
to take it without them. I opposed the proposi-
tion for Governor Merriwethcr's salary, which
the gentleman from Kentucky urged with so much
earnestness. The House voted to keep it in.
Although there may be clauses in an appropria-
tion bill which I may be opposed to, I do not
think that, because every clause is not just as I
would wish to have it, I am justified in voting for
the rejection of all of them.
I demand the previous question on the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
rejected. If the call receive a second, and the
motion is carried, I will then make a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. DUNN. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw the call for the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I will suggest to the gentleman
that, when the reconsiderations have been had,
and we have reached the point when amendment
is in order, he can get the floor for debate.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
The House then reconsidered the vote by which
the bill was defeated.
Mr. ORR. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and on that motion call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The House reconsidered the vote by which the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. ORR. I now move—though 1 am not in
favor of the motion, and shall not vote for it—to
strike from the bill the provisoes in regard to the
marine hospitals.
Mr. PHELPS. The motion is susceptible of
division.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand a divis-
ion and the yeas and nays.
Mr. DUNN obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will propose a substitute
for the entire bill.
Mr. DUNN. I do not yield for that purpose.
I have seen nothing in the action of the House
which it occurs to me will justify the almost angry
feeling displayed by several gentlemen of the
Committee of Ways and Means. 1 do not under-
stand that all of the legislative business of this
House belongs to that Committee, nor that any
recommendation which they make is to be of abso-
lutely controlling influence on the action of the
House. It is certainly entitled to high considera-
tion; but there it stops. It is, then, for each gen-
tleman to consider, on his own responsibility, what
he ou ht to do in reference to the matter recom-
mended. Neither, sir, do I regard the recom-
mendation of any one of the other Departments
of this Government, or of all put together, as a
matter to control imperatively, or without ques-
tion, ouraction here. We are not here to register
the edicts of others, but soberly, and on our own
full investigation, to take a part in legislation.
Such recommendation is entitled to a respectful
consideration—that is all ; and it is then for us to
determine, on investigation, whether the recom-
mendation is to be yielded to or not.
Now, sir, the other day there was a recom-
mendation that there should be granted to the ex-
ecutive department of the Government $3,000,000
to sharpen the scythe of death. There was some-
thing of an excitement manifested here upon that
subject. Any little holding back when such a
call is made is constructive treason. The execu-
tive department now recommends that we should
withdraw the medicines and the nurses from the
children of the nation—for the seafaring man is
emphatically the child of the Republic—we must
farm them out to be taken care of m sickness—and,
again, there must be nothing said in opposition
to this proposition. A bill has been reported to
this House this morning to strengthen one arm
of the nation by the addition of ten sloops of war.
That, sir, we must yield to—and why? Because
it belongs to that terrible arm winch sweeps away
the human family from the face of the earth. We
must always yield to that; yet, when there is a
protest uttered in this House against the with-
drawing of the nurse, the physician, and the
other necessaries of the sick sailor, there is a
grave question of economy raised. I have no
doubt, Mr. Speaker, theie are abuses connected
with the marine hospital system; and I am pleased
to sec that the Committee of Ways and Means
have turned their attention to the means of cor-
rection. But we are to judge in the matter, as
presented here, whether the proposed corrective
will not allow of still greater mischief. That is
the point; and I think the question has not been
well considered.
Economy is certainly desirable in all depart-
ments of the Government, but it should never be
carried to the extent of sacrificing the obligations
of either patriotism or humanity. This subject
ought to come before the House as a separate
and distinct proposition, and he separately consid-
ered—well considered—and thoroughly matured.
There are great abuses connected with other de-
Eartments of the Government, and they ought to
e corrected. I care not how vigorous may be
the pursuit to stop the wastes of the Treasury;
to cutoff the supply of the leeches which suck out
the life blood of the nation, and either let them
perish or drive them to some honest calling; but
the necessary supplies—the cherishing flood to
that unfortunate and eminently useful portion of
the public service—the sailors—ought not to be
withdrawn, or even put in the remotest hazard;
and against such withdrawal I enter my protest.
Why, sir, it is urged, and earnestly urged, by
that committee, that there should be paid-—as in
my judgment against clear and explicit legal pro-
visions—$1,900 to an officer of this Government,
already in receipt of $3,000 for performing the
duties of his station.
Mr. PHELPS, (interrupting.) I would inquire
of the gentleman, with his permission, if the
First Comptroller of the Treasury is not a proper
and competent person to adjudicate upon the
laws involving the rights of Governor Merri-
wcther as to his salary ? I ask the gentleman
if he has not confidence in the integrity and legal
skill of that gentleman, and whether he is not
aware that he has, in the opinion which I read
yesterday, giten it as his opinion that Governor
merriwether was entitled to the amount which
the committee has recommended should be ap-
propriated ? I would ask the gentleman whether
that is not the proper officer to adjudicate upon
questions of that kind?
Mr. DUNN. My answer to the gentleman's
question might be a very short one, and it would
be a sufficient answer, l think, to say that the
Comptroller of the Treasury is not, and ought
not to be, the comptroller of this House, neither
of its judgment nor its action. I do admit, how-
ever, that the Comptroller of the Treasury is a
man of both ability and integrity. But that does
not settle the point m controversy as to this
$1,900 allowance. His opinion is not binding
upon us.
Mr. PHELPS. The point I made was merely
this: That, under the existing laws, you have
an officer of the Government whose duty it is to
explain those laws, as between the Government
and the claimant under them; that, under those
laws, the very officer whom we have appointed,
and upon whom we have devolved that duty, has
declared that, in his opinion, the Governor of
New Mexico is entitled to the amount recom-
mended in the bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I rise to a question of
order. I do not perceive the relevancy of the
subject-matter of the salary of the Governor of
New Mexico to the subject of striking out the
proviso in reference to the marine hospitals.
Mr. DUNN. To make it relevant, then, if
such a difficulty exists, I inquire if it is compe-
tent to move, as an additional amendment, to
strike out that part of the bill which allows this
compensation to the Governor of New Mexico ?
Is it competent to make that motion as an amend-
ment to the motion of the gentleman over the
way ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time.
Air. DUNN. Would it be competent to movo
to recommit the bill to the Committee of Ways
and Means?
The SPEAKER. It would be.
Mr. DUNN. Then, to make my remarks in
order, I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from Indiana to be under the impres-
sion that it has been decided that his remarks
arc not in order. The Chair has made no such
decision.
Mr. DUNN. I did understand that he had,
as it is difficult for me to hearthe remarks of the
Speaker at my seat. Then I move to strike out
that clause.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move
to strike out. While the question of amendment
is pending it is not in order to move to strike out
another part of the bill relating to another ques-
tion. But the gentleman has the right to di&euss
| the question, and to refer to the other provisions
of the bill.
Mr. DUNN. The act of 1852 is a clear and
undoubted qualification of the compensation al-
lowed by the two acts of 1850 and 1854. These
