1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1299
to which I have alluded, for the construction ofa
military road from some point in the State of
Missouri, via Great Salt Lake, to Carson Valley
settlement, on the eastern frontier of the State
of California, and for the establishment of mil-
itary posts, and the sinking of wells thereupon.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. AVELLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
336) forconstructingamilitary road from El Paso,
on the Rio Grande, to Port Yuma, at the mouth
of the Gila river, and for establishing military
j)osts thereupon; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
339) to authorize protection to be given to citi-
zens of the United States who may discover do-
posits of guano; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
relations.
THE MADISON PAPERS.
Mr. MASON" submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Com mittee on the Library be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of publishing "the papers of
James Madison, late Pre>ident of the United States, which
were puicha&od from Ins reprr^entativc? by the United
States, and are the property of the Government.
WILLIAM CAREY JONES.
Mr. "WELLER. I presented some weeks since
the memorial of "William Carey Jones, which
■was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
That committee reported it back, and, on the
ground that the proof was not complete, asked
for its reference to the Court of Claims, and it
was so referred. I think 1 can show the Senate
that it is a case which ought not to be sent to that
court, but one which can be readily acted on by
this body. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved. That the Secretary ut the Senate request the
Couit of Claims to lotiun to tho fcscnatc the petition and
papers of William Carey Jones, heietolbie rekried by the
Senate to that court.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
W. S. DERRICK.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 0a Friday last, the bill
No. 294) for the relief of Mrs. Ann P. Der-
rick, widow of W. S. Derrick, deceased, was
passed over on my motion, on the ground that 1
there was some little misunderstanding in regard |
to the parties to whom the money should go. j
As there may not be another opportunity to take i
it up for two or three weeks, and as I expect -
shortly to be absent, I ask the Senate now to ;
consider the bill. 5
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was ,
read the second time, and considered as in Com- i
mittee of the Whole. j
Mr. BB-ODHEAD. I move to strike out the j
words, " Mrs. A. P. Derrick, widow of W. S. I
Derrick, deceased," and insert "the widow and
children of W. S. Derrick, deceased." j
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I also move to amend the j
bill by adding at the end of it: " The money to j
be paid to the said widow and children accoi ding
to the laws of the District of Columbia, in case !
-of intestacy." j
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was ;
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend- ;
ments were concurred in. As amended it reads .
as follows: ;
Be it enacted, £;c., That the proper accounting office! s of the !
Treasury Department be, and they are hereby, authorized ]
ill id requued to account with and allow to the widow and 1
children of W. S. Douick. deceased, late chief clfik in the
Depaitinent of State, foi the time the said W. S. Derrick ;
performed the duties of Secretary of the Department of .
State, by appointment of the Piesidenl of the United States, i
the same compensation as was then allowed by law to the !
head ot that Department, deducting therefrom the compen- j
sation received by the said Doniek as chief clerk of said :
Department during the -nunc time, the same to be paid out 1
of any money in the Trea&iuy not otherwise appiopnated;
the money to be paid to the paid widow and children
accoiding to the laws of the Di^tuct of Columbia, in case
ot intestacy. ]
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a ■
third reading, read the third time, and passed. :
Its title was amended so as to read, "A bill for
he relief of the widow and children of W. S Der-
rick, deceased."
KANSAS AFFAIRS.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (S. No. 172) to authorize the
people of the Territory of Kansas to form a con-
stitution and State government, preparatory to
their admission into the Union when they have
the requisite population.
Mr. PUGH addressed the Senate at length in
favor of the bill as reported from the Committee
on Territories. He dcscanted on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Seward as impossible, on ac-
count of want of the necessary population, and
because the constitution established at Topeka
was not adopted by any considerable number of
the people. His speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.
Mr. WADE. I move that the further consid-
eration of this subject be postponed until to-mor-
row, and that it be made the special order of the
day for one o'clock.
Mr. TOOMBS. I desire to call up to-morrow
the President's veto message, which was the first
business in order, and was laid aside to enable
the Senator from Ohio to be heard. I think it
is in accordance with the understanding, that we
should next proceed with that business.
Mr. WELLER. I prefer that this subject
should be postponed until to-morrow, at one
o'clock. It was the understanding, I believe, last
week, that when this question should be taken up
again it should remain under consideration until
disposed of. I hope that the Senator from Ohio
will persist in his motion for its postponement
until to-morrow, at one o'clock. My understand-
ing was, that the veto message was to be taken
up during the morning hour. By taking it up in
that time we can soon dispose of it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no objection to that,
if it be the understanding of the Senate; but I do
not so consider it.
Mr. WELLER. So far as I am concerned I
shall insist on that arrangement being carried out,
so that the Kansas question shall now remain
under discussion until we are able to come to a
conclusion upon it. The motion before the Sen-
ate is, to postpone the further consideration of
this subject until one o'clock to-morrow, and that
it be made the special order for that hour. I hope
that motion will be agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to enlarge that pe-
riod. Let me say to my fiiend from California
that, when the naval bill was last taken up, it was
understood that it should be disposed of before
any other measures of importance were discussed.
It was understood that nothing should interfere
with it. Then there came in a veto message,
which, being a privileged question, took preced-
ence, and that business was laid aside, and this
day assigned for the consideration of the Kansas
question. The naval bill is, I think, the business
having priority, and the Kansas question may
very well be deferred to a longer day. With a
view of asking for the consideration of the naval
bill to-morrow, and in the hope of getting a vote
on it then, as last Tuesday was fixed, by com-
mon understanding, for taking a vote on it, I
propose to defer the Kansas bill until a longer
day.
Mr. WELLER. It was generally supposed
that we were to close the debate on the subject
to which the Senator from Florida alludes last
week.
Mr. MALLORY. It has been closed.
Mr. WELLER. But I thought it was gener-
ally understood that, when we took up the Kan-
sas question, we should proceed with it until a
vote was obtained. In my judgment it is a much
more important question than the naval bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I differ with my friend from
California. So far as I understand the question,
debate has closed on the naval bill, and it is now
ready for a vote.
Mr. WELLER. There will be no difficulty
in getting a vote on it in the morning hour if the
debate be closed.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the Kansas bill, which
is now before the Senate, until Friday next.
Mr. WADE. ' Is not my motion pending 5
The PRESIDENT. The Chair must-first put
the question on the longest time. The Senator
from Florida moves to postpone the further con**
sideration of this subject until Friday next.- ;
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. WADE. This is the third time that £
have risen to obtain the floor on this question. I
have allowed if to be postponed heretofore, with
the understanding that, when reached again", we
should go on with it until a vote were obtained.
There is no probability that the other questions
to which Senators allude can be disposed of
even by Friday. There is no limit to the debate-,
and there is no probability that either of those
questions will come to any early conclusion.
Mr. TOOMBS. It seems to me, and I desire
to suggest to the Senate, that the President's
veto message is a business of such a nature as
should override all others. If, however,, the
friends of the measures which the President has
vetoed, propose to postpone them to a day cer-
tain, I shall not interfere. I do not know what
their views are, but 1 think the veto message is
one of those questions which have been usually
held to have priority, from their particular char-
acter. I wish the Senate to determine that point,
and therefore propose that it be taken up to-
morrow, at one o'clock, I have the floor upon it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 was rising to make the
same motion, when the Senator from Georgia
addressed the Chair. I imagine that there will
be no difficulty in getting through with that busi-
ness to-morrOw, and talcing a vote on it, and
having the matter decided one way or the other.
It is understood to be a privileged question, arid -
when we dispose of it it will be entirely out of
the way of all other business of the Senate,
The Senate is full; nearly all the Senators are in
the city; and I trust we shall be allowed to take
a vote to-morrow on the bills returned by the
President.
Mr. WADE. I believe that the only way to
comc to a conclusion on the Kansas question is,
to insist on its consideration regularly. We have
permitted it to go over as often as it has been
up. I think we ought to make a stand upon it
now. I believe the matters involved in it are as
urgent and as important as any others. I must
insist, therefore, on my motion being put, at alt
events, that it be postponed until to-morrow, at
one o'clock, which I believe is the first motion
in order.
Mr. WELLER. The Kansas bill was reported
over two months ago—aboutthe middle of March.
It has been under discussion on and off ever since.
It has been usually taken up for the purpose of
having a speech made upon it, and has then been
postponed. 11 seemed to be the general agreement
of the Senate last week, that when it was taken
up again we should continue its discussion until
every Senator who desired it should be heard upon
the subject, and then take the vote. I shall insist
on that understanding being carried out so far as
I am concerned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope we shall be per-
mitted to proceed with the Kansas question. It
was one of the earliest matters brought to the
consideration of the Senate at the present session,
and, in my judgment, it is by far and altogether
the most important question which has come or
will come before the S«nate. When we are placed
here at the head of this great ^Government, at u
time when a portion of our people arc perhaps
engaged in civil war, we should lay aside all river
and harbor and Navy bills, and all othe/ busi-
ness which may be in the way, in order to come
to some definite action on this subject. I am not
going over the ground now, with a view of irri-
tating the feelings of anyone; but I appeal to the
Senate that we who are placed here in charge
should do something, if we can, to stay the strife
which is arising in one part of this Union, and
which may extend from that far-off region to the
center before wo are aware of it, if something
be not done.
In a business point of view, it is the best way
to get along with our business to take up one sub-
ject and finish it before we begin another. The
Kansas debate will never be concluded in the
way in which it has been going on. I trust we
shall proceed with it, day by day, and at night,
if necessary, until we get through "with it. If the
measures now proposed are not such as will give
peace to the country, let us try and devise some-
