1300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
thing else. We must do the best we can, and not
sit here idly, while our people, who have placed
this great trust in our hands, are about (if they
have not already done it) to imbrue their hands
in each other's blood. Avast responsibility is
upon us; for one, I feel it, sir. I wish to turn
Biy attention, first, to this great question; and I
hope, as it has been the understanding in the
Senate, nothing will be permitted to interfere with
it until we can act upon it in the best way to give
peace and quiet to the country—to save, if we can,
the Union, and preserve it as it has been com-
mitted to our care.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Florida to postpone
the further consideration of this bill until Friday
next, and make it the special order for that day
at one o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WELLER. It is very well understood
by the Senate that we shall not be in session on
Friday, so that the effect of the postponement
now proposed will be to throw this question over
until the second Monday in June.
Mr. MALLORY. "With the permission of the
Senate, I will modify my motion so as to post-
pone this question until Thursday.
Mr. WELLER. It cannot he modified after
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent to allow the motion now to be modified.
Does the Senator from California object to the
modification r
Mr. WELLER. I do.
The PRESIDENT. The question will then
be on postponing the further consideration of this
subject until Friday next.
Mr. BENJ AMIN. I have a word to say in reply
to the suggestion of the Senator from California.
I do not suppose ho has the remotest idea that any
vote will be taken by the Senate, if we go on with
this discussion to-morrow; but that a vote on other
questions will be defeated is very certain. I think
we had better take a vote on those subjects which
are ready for voting, than discuss one which can-
not be voted on by Friday if it were discussed
from now till that day.
Mr. WELLER. I am sure that, by going on
with the discussion, we shall be nearer to the
termination of it than by postponing it a week
at a time. This is my answer.
Mr. STUART. It appears that new light is
shining in upon us every day. Is it really ex-
pected that the Kansas question can be disposed
of between this and Friday? Why, sir, it will
not be disposed of between this and. the next ten
Fridays.
Senators talk about " understandings." I had
some business under consideration a long time
ago, with an understanding in which the Senate
seemed to acquiesce for two or three weeks, but
finally some gentlemen got the floor on the naval
bill, and my "understanding" vanished in a
moment, anu the Senate said they would go on
with the Navy discussion until that was termin-
ated. The Senate firmly resolved that they
would end that subject oefore taking up any
other. Mine was cut out without any liesitation
under that resolve. Courtesy has been extended
from time to time on the* Kansas question. A
Senator has had the floor to-day; and now an-
other understanding is got up that the Kansas
question will be ended before taking up any-
thing else. This certainly cannot be done. The
solemn agreement of the Senate entered into to-
day will not effect it.
I think the Senator from Georgia is right in
claiming the floor upon the President's veto mes-
sage. It is due to him as a Senator, and I think
it is due to the subject under the Constitution;
for the Constitution, in express language, says,
that when the President returns a bill with his
objections, those objections shall be entered at
large upon the Journal, and that the Senate, or
House, shall " proceed to reconsider it." 1 do
not deny the power of the Senate to postpone it,
for their convenience; but I do deny the right
of the Senate to treat it subserviently to other
questions. I care not, in this view, what may
be the nature of the bill which is vetoed. It is
known to every Senator that t feel a very deep
interest in the subject of the bills which have been
returned by the President with his objections; but
I would care just as much abotit this point, if I
had not that interest. I took the same course
when the President returned other bills in which
I did not feel much concern.
I repeat, Mr. President, it certainly is within
the knowledge of every Senator here, that it is
impossible to close the debate on the Kansas
question between this and Friday. If you sat
continuously day and night, it could not be done.
Nor do I think, with the Senator from Illinois,
that the mode proposed is the best one for the
country. I have no idea of being able to check i
this discussion, either in its length or its charac-
ter; but, if I were going to prescribe a remedy |
for the evils which afflict the country on this j
topic, it should be utter and total silence in Con- |
gress. If that be not the sovereign remedy for 1
the evils now existing in the country on this I
question, there is none. i
I hope that the motion for the postponement of |
this question will be agreed to. If, as the Sena- |
tor from California says, there will be no session i
on Friday—if the Senate adjourns from next :
Thursday, and from time to time for a week or !
ten days," it will be the same as if we continued |
the subject until Friday, fpr it must then go over, j
and not one half the gentlemen of this body who !
desire to speak on it can do so by that time. ;
The Senator from Louisiana is correct when he j
says the probabilities are strong that the subject ■.
of the President's veto message can be disposed j
of to-morrow, or, at all events, during to-morrow j
and the next day. 1 think, though I may be j
mistaken, that it can be done to-morrow. There 1
is to be no lengthy discussion on it. It can be
disposed of, ended, and there will be one ques-
tion out of the way. If the Senator from Florida
be correct in reference to the Navy discussion,
that can be disposed ofbefore Friday; but I appre-
hend, and I may say it again with safety, that
the Kansas question will be a very durable one
for some weeks to cdfme.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Florida to postpone
the further consideration of the bill before the
Senate until Friday next.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 18; as follows;
YEAS—Mes-os. Adam^, Allen, Benjamin, IJi^gs, Bright,
Brown, Cas<, Dod<jo, Fitzpatuck, Halo. Hunter* ivcr^on,
Johiifon, Jones ol'Tennes&re, Malloiy, Mason, i'njfli. Stu-
art, Thomson ot New Jersey, Toombs, Wiight, and Yulee
 £0,
NAYS—Mes>rs.Bell of Tennessee, Brodhead, Clay, Col-
lamer, Douglas Duikec, Evans, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Har-
lan, Seward, SShdell, Toucey, Trumbull, Wade, YYeller, and
Wilson—18.
So the motion was agreed to.
MISSISSIPPI RIVER BILL VETO.
Mr. TOOMBS. With a view to test the sense
of the Senate, 1 move to take up the bill to remove
obstructions to navigation at the mouth of the
Mississippi river, winch has been returned with
the President's objections, for the purpose of
postponing it until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I now move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed until to-
morrow, and that it be made the special order for
one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, <May 26, 185G.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer '
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo. j
Mr. FLAGLER moved that, inasmuch as the t
Journal of Friday was a very long one, the j
reading be dispensed with.
The''SPEAKER stated that it could only be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
The Journal of Friday was then read and ap- i
proved. |
CAPITOL AND POST OFFICE EXTENSIONS, j
1 The SPEAKER stated the business first in i
order to be upon the motion of Mr. Ball, holding
over from Monday last, to suspend the rules for
the purpose of introducing the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to inform this House, at the earlier practicable
day, what amount ot money has already been expended, or
debts incurred, upon the enlargement of the Capitol; and
what further amount of appropriations will probably be re-
quired to complete the same, agreeable to the present plan
of construction.
Furtheimore, that he causae detailed information to be
given upon the following heads, to wit: The cost, per ton,
when delivered at the Capitol, of the wrought, lolled, and
cast iron, respectively; and the number of tons of each kind
which has been supplied, and the number of tons which
will still bo icquired.
The co>t, per foot, of the various kinds of marble used m
said construction ; the localities from whence obtained ; the
amount of each eription which has been already deliv-
ered; and the amount contracted for which is still to be
delivered; and the proportion of that known as the "Lee
maible*' which ha-, been furnished in blocks of less than
thnty cubic feet; and what variations, if any, have been
made in the cutting of the marble specified ni the original
'contract ot Fiovost, Winter & Co.; and whether such
changes, if made, have increased the costof the work; and
if so, to what extent; having special reference, in this con-
nection, to the windows of the principal story, the capitals
ofihu pila&teis, cot nice, 8tc.
The quantity of bricks furnished, with the places fromr
whence obtained, and the cost, per thousand, of each lot
when dehveied at the Capitol; the cost, per thousand, tor
laying up the same, including superintendence, tendeis,
&.c.; and whether the said bucks were iaid up by contract
or by the day.
The number and cost of horses, oxen, wagons, carts,
drays, carriage*, buggies, or othei vehicles, used or employed
in connection with said extension of the Capitol.
The co'st ot simps, sheds, steam-engines, turning lathes,
slotting machines, stone saws, wire cables, derricks, and
other machmeiy and tools, the property of the Government,
used m said extension.
Also, what amount of money has been expended, debts
incurred, or contracts entered into, towards the removal of
the old dome, and the erection of the new one, upon the
original Capitol building.
Also, the number of persons employed as sculptors, mod-
eleis. bionze woikers, See.; the prices paid, and under what
authouty of law they arc employed.
And, nuilier, th.it he cau&>e to be furnis-hed to the House
a list ot the names of all persons employed, within caeli
year, since the commencement of the Capitol enlargement,
as ?>upmntendents, architects, draughtsmen, engineers,
clerks-, inspectors, or receivers of mateiials, foremen, over-
seers, messengers, vvatchmcn, or others employed about said
woik in any capacity other than as workmen or laborers ;
specifying the particular service performed by each, ami
the amount of compensation.
That the information here sought be accompanied with a
detailed statement of all contracts made in connection with
tins building ; stating whether the same have been made in
all ca->es atter advertisement foi bids; and if so, whether
the contiacts have been awarded, in all eases,to the lowest
biddei; and if not, the reasons therefoi.
Post Office Extension.
Resolved, That the President cause the House to b®
informed as to the amount of granite or maible contracted
l'or or purchased, to be used m tlie construction of the
extension of the General Post Office building; from what
localities obtained; and tiie prices paid, or agreed to be
paid, for each particular description of iiiateual.
The amount expended in shops, sheds, stables, and tools;
the amount expended in the construction of derricks,
including all hoisting apparatus; the amount expended in
the purchase of horses, oxen, wagons, drays, carts, See.
What portion of the work upon said building is con-
structed by contract, and what portion by mechanics and
laboieis employed by the day; together with the prices paid
and the number of men employed upon each description of
work.
The number of days already expended in cutting granite,
and the number of surface feet now cut.
The pnee paid per day, or per foot, for cutting marble,
the number of days' work already applied to that service,
and the number of surface feet dressed.
The average co.>t (including superintendence) per foot for
setting gtanite and marble.
The number of ton« of iron beam? and other metal con-
tracted tor; from whom obtained; and the cost per ton
when delivered.
What other material has been purchased or contracted
foi; the piiees to be paid; and with whom the contracts, if
any, have been made.
The names of all persons employed as superintendents,
architects, draughtsmen, engineers, clerks, inspectors, re-
ceivers, overseers, foremen, messengers, watchmcn, fitc.,
together with the compensation paid to each per day or per
mouth ; and the paitieular service which eacli performs.
Mr. PHELPS. I objected the other day to
the introduction of that resolution, and I ask per-
! mission now merely to rail the attention of the
j House to the fact, that there are two committees
I of the House which are charged with the investi-
; gation of the subject-matter specified in that reso-
! lution. I am willing that inquiry should be made
: into these expenditures; and if either of these com-
; mittees will report that they cannot obtain the
i necessary information without an order of the
1 House, 1 will vote to clothe them with power to
send for persons and papers. I desire to call the
attention of the House to the 100th and 106th
rules of the House, defining the duties of these
