1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
provided for in this bill, and ten days in which
to consider the particular provisions contained in
this deficiency bill, and still is not prepared to
act upon it, how long will it take the House to
prepare itself to act upon the recommendations
prepared for their consideration by the Secretary ?
Mr. DUNN. If the gentleman from Virginia
will indulge me, I suppose he well knows that
it is utterly impossible for members to examine
in advance all those questions that are crowded
upon our consideration. Many of us, not having
been here last session, know nothing of what
then occurred. What I insist on is, that time
should be allowed, in the discussion of questions
of this grave and important nature, for those
whose particular care it has been to examine the
questions involved to enlighten the members of
the House upon them. That has not been done
in this case.
Mr. LETCHER. This bill was in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union for two
days, and any gentleman could debate it as long
as he chose, subject only to the limitations im-
posed by the House in the hour rule; and when
the resolution was adopted by the House, stop-
ping the debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, was it done by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means for the purpose of
gagging the members of the House?
Mr. PHELPS. It was adopted almost unan-
imously.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir, it was adopted
almost unanimously; and when gentlemen have
stopped debate by their own vote, they come h ere
and complain that the Committee of Ways and
Means have stopped debate. They tell us that
they have defeated the bill because the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have agreed with a large
majority of the House in the propriety of closing
the debate, and bringing the House to the vote
on the bill.
Now, in reference to another matter, my friend
from Indiana says he has no objection to legisla-
tion if members understand the subject; in other
words, where the subject is one that addresses
itself visibly to their judgment, where their opin-
ions arc made up in regard to it, that in all such
cases legislation may be proceeded with with
propriety. Now, sir, T have supposed that there
was a rule of this House which declared, in ref-
erence to appropriation bills, that none except a
certain class 01 items should be embraced in
them—that they should be such items as were
authorized by existing laws, or are for the con-
struction of some work already commenccd. But,
according to the theory of my friend from Indiana,
he is for taking anything that he may think
proper, and place it in these bills, whether there
has been any previous legislation upon the sub-
ject or not.
Mr. DUNN. Not at all.
Mr. LETCHER. Now, sir, I take the ground
that, when you come to the regular appropriation
bills, and amendments come to be offered relating
to almost every possible subject, I trust the gen-
tleman from Indiana and the House will take the
ground which they have taken now, and that
when provisoes more extraordinary than this are
offered, as they will be by members, the gentle-
man will refuse to admit them; when his friends
come to bring forward propositions for objects in
which they maybe interested, I hope that he will
refuse to sanction them as amendments to appro-
priation bills. I trust he will be prepared to en-
force the same measure upon others that he now
seems disposed to measure out to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Sir, let us have some rule here that shall be
carried out. The Committee of Ways and Means
has never claimed to control the House in any
way. They have asked no control. They have
done nothing more than it was their duty to do.
They have reported such provisions in this bill
as they deemed it their duty to report. But if
they have reported any particular feature that is
objectionable to the House, let the House strike
it out and be done with it.
Now, sir, I desire, if an opportunity occurs, to
present a substitute; and in order to give those
gentlemen who complain that they have never
had an opportunity to vote upon this marine hos-
pital clause a chance to vote upon it, I will pre-
sent the same bill, leaving out the objectionable
features.
Mr. BOYCE. It seems to me that this bill has
been very fully discussed.
Mr. LETCHER. I have not yielded the floor.
Mr. BOYCE. I thought you were through.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; the Committee of
Ways and Means have been fired at from all
quarters. There are only nine of us against two
hundred and odd members, and if wereturn all
the firing, we shall necessarily take up a good deal
of time. If the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Dunn] will withdraw his proposition to recom-
mit, I will then move a substitute, leaving out
the Merriwether proposition. The House can
then vote upon it, and will be prepared to con-
sider the proposition in reference to marine
hospitals.
A Member. Leave out the marine hospital
proviso too.
Mr. LETCHER. _ Very well; I will offer a
substitute for the bill, leaving out both these
objectionable propositions.
Mr. DUNN. If these propositions are both
stricken out, I will withdraw my motion to re-
commit.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well; I will leave
them both out, and the House will then have a
fair chance to consider the whole matter.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask for a divis-
ion of the question on the motion of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, so that the question
may be taken upon the provisoes in reference to
marine hospitals separately.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia whether his substitute is the old bill, with
the propositions in reference to marine hospitals,
and in reference to the salary of the Governor of
New Mcxico, left out?
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, sir, exactly the same.
Mr. li. MARSHALL. I move to amend the
substitute by inserting a provision for paying the
deficiency in the salary of the Governor of New
Mexico, in the same terms employed m the ori-
ginal bill to which the substitute is ollered. My
friend from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] says he does
not want any log-rolling. Why, sir, this is no
time for the gentleman from Virginia to talk about
log-rolling, when he has just now been log-rolling
right in the face of the House.
As I understand the precise position of the ques-
tion as it now stands before the House, there is
a pending motion to strike out from the thirty-
fourth to the forty-seventh lines, which is the prop-
osition relating to marine hospitals. While that
question is pending, a gentleman from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means offers, as a substi-
tute, the same bill, with the clause relating to
marine hospitals stricken out, and also with the
clause relative to the salary of the Governor of
New Mexico stricken out, the effect of which
would be to weigh down the proposition relative
to the salary of Goveinor Merriwether, which
the House this morning, upon the yeas and nays,
deliberately refused to strikeout, by invoking the
aid of both parties. And the gentleman in the
same breath talks about log-rolling!
Mr. LETCHER. Who talks about log-roll-
'"Itr. MARSHALL. You do.
Mr. LETCHER. X did not say a word about
it. I have not mentioned the word.
Mr. MARSHALL. Probably, then, I heard
an echo from somewhere else. X want the
House to see the exact position to which the
gentleman invites tliem. It is proposed to strike
out a proposition in the bill, which is backed by
the Comptroller, backed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, which has been reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means, and which has
had the approval, and been advocated upon this
floor, by the gentleman from Virginia and his
colleagues of that committee. It is also proposed
to strike out the clause in reference to the marine
hospitals, which is deemed objectionable in the
bill. I invite the House, from a consideration of
the dignity of its own record, to refuse the offer
of the substitute; and, in order to test the sense
of the House, I move to insert in the substitute
the paragraph in the original bill which provides
for the payment of the salary of the Governor
of New Mexico. If the amendment is adopted
it will perfect the substitute. Having stricken
out the clause in reference to the marine hospitals,
I hope the substitute, with my amendment, may
pass.
Mr. ORR obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. LETCHER. The geiltleman from Ken-
tucky will recollect tha.t I voted for the marine
hospital provisoes, as well as for the Merriwether
proposition, and I leave out from my substitute
the only two portions of the bill that have been
the subject of complaint. But the gentleman says
that he wants the record kept straight. He wants
the country to understand the exaet position of
gentlemen of this House. While he is suggest-
ing a correction of the record, let me callhis atten-
tion to the fact that, while he advocated and helped
to sustain by his vote the Merriwether proposi-
tion, he voted against the bill and helped to kill it.
Mr. MARSHALL. My position is perfectly
explicable. I voted for the provision for Gov-
ernor Merriwether's salary, because I believed
that it was right in itself. I voted against the bill,
and the proposition in regard to Governor Merri-
wether's salary could not induce me to vote for
its passage while it contained those provisoes in
regard to the marine hospitals. Voting for the
appropriation for the Governor of New Mexico
when it stood alone, I voted in the end against
the whole bill for the reason I have stated.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
Is the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky in order. An amendment is pending to the
original bill; then there is an amendment pending
in the nature of a substitute, offered by my friend
from Virginia. There is an amendment to an
amendment,and nofurtheramendmentisin order.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to perfect the
substitute before the question is taken unit. The
question will be first taken on the motion to strike
out some portions of the original bill. It will
then be in order to perfect the substitute.
Mr. ORR. I do not propose to discuss the
merits of either of the clauses mentioned. I only
desire to understand the exact condition of the
question. If I state it incorrectly, I hope the
Chair will correct me. If the previous question
be sustained—and I intend to call for it before I
sit down—the first question to be taken will be on
the motion which I submitted to strike out the
provisoes of the bill m reference to the marine
hospitals. Then the question will recur on the
amendment to the substitute proposed by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
The SPEAKER. The questicfti is first on the
motion of the gentleman from South Carolina, to
strike out certain portions of the original bill;
then on the amendment to the substitute; then
011 the substitute itself.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order, while an amend-
ment to an amendment is pending, to entertain
another amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair prefers that the
question shall he first put on the motion of the
gentleman from South Carolina. Then the gen-
tleman from Kentucky may move to amend the
substitute.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the call for the previous
question is sustained he cannot move his amend-
ment.
Mr. ORR. There is the difficulty. If the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky is
not received at this stage, and the call for the pre-
vious question is seconded, it cannot be offered
subsequently.
Mr. HOUSTON. The result will be the same.
If the motion of the gentleman from South Car-
olina is carried, the question will come up the
same as if it were on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. We shall then be called
to decide between the 01 iginal bill with the marine
hospital provisoes out and the Merriwether pro-
vision in it, and the substitute with both out.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not make
a decision upon the question, but states the man-
ner ill which he would prefer to put the question.
Mr. ORR. Well, to come to the practical
result, if the previous question be sustained, the
first vote will be upon the motion to strike out
the proviso in reference to the marine hospitals.
The next, proposition which will come up will be
the substitute proposed by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] assuming that the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky is
not in order. Now, if there be a majority ot the
House in favor of striking out the proviso m
reference to the marine hospitals, and a majority
in favor of retaining the appropriation to pay the
Governor of New Mexico, they will vote ajjains
