1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2175
carry it pretty regularly, so that there is not the I
same complaint as before; but still it is a contin-
uation of the old abuse. I consider it an abuse.
To have this mail carried satisfactorily is a great
object to the public—not only to the people on the
Mississippi river, at NewOrleans, Memphis, and
elsewhere, but to the whole western country.
We can get our Ii£ht mails carried to Cairo from
Cincinnati, Nashville, and other placcs, with con-
siderable regularity, even in low water; and it is '
a gieat object to have the mails canied certainly,
effectively, and promptly, from Cairo to New i
Orleans. We have been defeated m carrying out
the first law, which required a con tract to be made
for carrying the mail regularly from St. Louis to
Cairo, and from Cairo to New Orleans.
Now, if my colleague will explain these points
satisfactorily, I shall have no objection to the
amendment; but if we aie to have no safer reli-
ance for regular service on this great route than
we have now, I am opposed to it. 1 do not wish
to countenance this attempt to underbid practical
men and then employ transientboats,as the Gov-
ernment formerly did. I want my colleague to
state what interruption by ice there was between
Cairo and New Orleans. If there was any it was
for a short time. I am told there was sometimes
ice from Cairo to Memphis last winter, but it
did not last long. 1 should like some explanation
of these points.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think I can
explain the proposition to the satisfaction of my
colleague. In the first place, he inquires, why
extend the contract, if they have performed the
service regularly and satisfactorily to the Depart-
ment under the present contract for the Iasttitiar-
ter ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. No; but my ques-
tion was, why require them to charter boats, if
the service has been done well by them under
the present system ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then the question
propounded to me is, why extend this contract,
if, under the present system, thev have been
enabled to carry the mail legulaily for the last
quarter to the satisfaction of the Department? 1
am surprised that my colleague asks that ques-
tion, because he has, perhaps, more knowledge
of the navigation of those rivers than I have.
The contract did not require the parties to own
a single boat; and it must be obvious to my col-
league, and to every man who ever knew any-
thing about steamboats on western waters, that
nobody would contract and bind himself to pur-
chase and own fourteen boats to carry the mail
regularly from Cairo to New Orleans for £,32^,000
a year, to last for two years. That would not
more than pay the interest on the expenditure.
But these gentlemen were not required, under the
contract, to do that. They were simply required
to cairy the mails, and they bid to carry the
mails just as Mr. Benedict did. What did Mr.
Benedict bid? Six hundred thousand dollars.
Does my colleague believe that Air. Benedict over
intended to own and put on that route fourteen
boats from Cairo to Now Orleans, when there is
not commerce enough for three boats * Neither
Mr. Benedict, nor anybody else, ever intended,
under that contract, to inn boats between Cairo
and New Orleans exclusively. The only sensi-
ble bid, made with a view to cany out that object,
was made by parties in my own town, and by
my own friends; and they said they would not
do it for less than $900,0U0. They would agree
to do it for $900,000, taking Memphis as a point,
and intending to put on four or five little boats
from Cairo to Memphis, and reg.ilar independent j
packets from Memphis to New Oilcans.
These parties came m and took the contract at
$339,000, upon the principles of the proposals.
Now, why do they seek an extension? If they
have made regular service for the last three i
months, without having a charter for these boats, !
why seek to change their contract? Air. Presi-
dent, you know,and anybody who ever traveled
on the Mississippi, knows that during the busi-
ness season there is no difficulty, nny day, in
getting a boat from Cairo to New Orleans. :
Everybody knows that, during the business part
of the year, the boats ftom Nashville, the boats .
frcn the Tennessee river, the boats from the Ohio j
river, me boats from St. Louis, all pass Cairo, :
anu uieAi is not a day during the business season |
when you cannot get a boatto carry your mails, i
Can you rely on any such system as that? Cer-
tainly not; and it is to obviate that difficulty that
we urge these gentlemen to come in and bind
themselves to put boats of their own on this
route. They have chartered six or seven boats,
and are paying $2,000 a month for each boat, so
as to secure them during the season when there
are but few boats on the river. That is a reason,
and an obvious one, which must strike my col-
league and everybody else. It is evident that the
contractors cannot affoid to own and control
fourteen boats, when they rcccivc but $339,000 a
year, and their contract is to last but twenty-one
months longer. They believe that a trade will
grow up on that navigation from Cairo to New
Orleans, if they have time to develop it. If they
were to buy boats now, they would be considered
old at the end of twenty-one months, and have
to be sold as old boats. If they have three and
a half years in which to run the boats, they will
have used up the boats by that time, and will
have their money returned, as they suppose, by
freights and transportation.
liow does this proposed extension of the con-
tract injure anybody? My friend from Indiana,
whom l hoped to have on my side, says he wants
to throw the service open for competition. His
friends had a chance to obtain this contract. Why
did they not bid? 1 do not know whether they
were in the Benedict company or not; but I take
it for granted that some of them were. The lowest
bid was $600,000, except the one which was ac-
cepted; and we have now, according to the Post-
master General's statement, better service than
on any line in the United States of the same
extent?
What harm will be done to the Government
by this extension? Does my friend believe the
time will come within the next four years when
anybody will agree to carry a daily mail from
Cairo to New Orleans for less than $329,000 a
year? But I am asked, why make this exten-
sion ? Because it is a broken-term contract. The
parties had to commence it at the expiration of
half the regular contract time, and they ask you
simply to give them the full time, on condition
that they bind themselves to give satisfactory
security to the Postmaster General that they will
absolutely own and control a sufficient number of
boats running between Cairo and New Orleans
to perform the service as contemplated by the
contract. That is the whole of it. We have
better service on that route now than we have
ever had; and I think this is the only chance we
have for a continuation of the service.
Air. BROWN. I am for this amendment.
There is no one of these contractors a constituent
of mine, as far as 1 know or believe. If I know
any of them by sight, except one, I am not aware
of it; and that one I know very slightly. There-
fore 1 have no favors to extend to them. My
constituents are more interested perhaps in the
successful carrying of the mail on the Mississippi
river than the constituency of any other Senator
on the floor. I think the contract ought to be
extended for the reasons which have been so well
assigned by the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr.
Jones.] 1 am not seeking, nor do I desire to
find, that sort of competition of which my fiiend
from Indiana speaks in reference to this matter.
We had competition in the bidding, and, as has
already been said, the next bid to the one accepted
was &600,000, or nearly double the accepted bid.
If this contract expires in twenty-one months,
we shall have the,same species of combination
among steamboat men to extort large amounts
of money from the Federal Government for car-
rying this mail, that we have already had. They
will combine together, and demand half a million
dollars or more for the purpose of carrying the
mail; and after it has been once earned regularly,
the people on the river will not consent to have
it taken away; but whatever may be the lowest
bid will be accepted by the Postmaster General.
You never had, and never will get, in my opinion,
a lower bid than the one of which you are now
enjoying the benefit.
The complaint that these men have no steam-
boats is not well founded. The contract did not
require them to own boats; it simply required
them to carry the mail. If they have .not eairied
it to the satisfaction of the Department, and of
that portion of the people on the Mississippi river
whom I represent, their complaints have not
i reached me. Last winter, when the river was
; frozen up, 1 know the mail was not carried. No
; contractor is required to perform an impossibil-
• ity. The service has been always performed by
i these contractors in as good a manner as the ele-
| ments would admit of. When the river is so low
j that large class boats do not run, or, as may
! sometimes happen, when it is filled with ice, it is
1 impossible that the boats can carry the mail reg-
! ularly; but, as I have said, the service has be"en
, generally well performed. I think, for these and
| other reasons winch might be added, and which
need not be alluded to in open Senate, the con-
! tract ought to be extended. I say again, the
people whom I ^present have the deepest inter-
est in this matter.
Mr. CLAYTON. It may be as my friend
from Mississippi has said, that it would be ex-
pedient for the Postmaster General to extend this
contract; but I think this is an exceedingly ob-
jectionable kind of legislation. Whatare we about
to do ? To direct and oider thePostmasterGeneral
to extend a contract for carrying the mail. Why
thus convert the legislative into an executive
body to this extent? We have a Postmaster
General, ft is his duty to see whether this, that,
or the other individual applying for a contract is
the man who is entitled to it. He is to ascertain,
according to law, who is the lowest bidder, and
who will carry tie mails most advantageously to
the country. I would not interfere in this matter.
Notwithstanding the western gentlemen, who are
peculiarly interested, urge it, I see objections
which appear to me to be insuperable. If we go
on in this way we may substitute ourselves for
the heads of all the Departments in matters of
contract. I am for taking on my shoulders no
part of the responsibility of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, but I wish thePostmasterGeneral to assume
the whole of that, and be accountable to the coun-
try and Congress for las action. Here arc dif-
ferences of opinion. One gentleman says these
men ought to have a contract. Another says
they ought not. The fairest proposition seems
to me to be the one made by the honorable Sen-
| ator from Indiana: open the bids, and let all the
men on the western rivers compete for this con-
tract, and let the Postmaster General decide
j who will carry the mail most advantageously to
the country. I say, sir, that I am not capable—
I have not the light or the knowledge to enable
me to decide whether these men, whom my
friend from Tennessee advocates, are the proper
persons to carry this mail two years longer or
not. I want the mail carried. I am anxious that
mail sorvice shall be rendered for the benefit of
that section of the country, but I cannot take
| upon myself the responsibility of the Postmaster
' General. 1 shall vote against the amendment.
| Mr JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the Senator
1 from Delaware, who seems to think it is mon-
, strous to direct the Postmaster General to do a
I thing, if he does not remember the legislation of
' the Congress of the United States, by which we
! directed the Postmaster General for years to do
! this very thing, and he would not do it? Why
1 shall we now speak in any other terms than those
; which are directory? But the honorable gentle-
. man says he is opposed to that system of kgisla-
• tion which directs the Postmaster General. I
1 wonder if he was not directed to make a contract
! with Collins ?
[ Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And was not my
I honorable friend an advocate of that measure ?
Mr. CLAYTON. Certainly.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. If you can direct
the Postmaster General to make a contract with
' Collins, may you not with Patterson, Brennan,
| and others5 Why make a distinction?
Air. CLAYTON. Do you contend that this is
a case in any particular like that of Collins ? That
was for carrying the mail between Europe and
; our own country—an extraordinary case—a case
m which Congress was called upon to say whether
this mail service should be rendered at all or not.
! The Postmaster General was utterly opposed to
| having any contract at all, and then it was proper
for Congress to decide. I recollect tin case to
which I suppose the honouible Senaioi- relV.rs,
where Congiess did direct the Postmaster Geiv
' eral. Theie was an act of Couiv.v.ss which was
i disputed by him; but that is not tins case. There
S is no disobedience to the law here manifested by
