566
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[May 7,
34th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Naval Retiring Board—Mr. Bayard.
Senate.
Mr. BAYARD. The object of my inquiry
of the honorable Senator is fully answered; and
I made it in consequence of having received, on
the 22d of January, a letter from Commodore
Stewart, requesting me to make the inquiry, and
to give a peremptory denial to any accusation
that he had applied to be relieved from service on
that ground. I will state, also, what actually did
occur, which has given rise to this rumor, and
■which doubtless must have been the foundation
of the judgment of this board of officers; but it
only goes to show how dangerous it is to trust,
without hearing or explanation, any set of men
■with authority to pass on the rights of their fel-
lows.
Commodore Stewart had been in command of
the home squadron shortly before Commodore
Conner. Commodore Conner was ordered to
relieve him. Commodore Conner had at the same
time under him Commodore Perry. During the
Mexican war, Commodore Conner's health be-
ing feeble, the press writers in Washington were
urging the appointment of Commodore Stewart.
From this cause the Secretary of the Navv wrote
to him, requesting his presence in Washington
to consult on the subject. He came here. His
view was, and his desire was, that if the squad-
ron be sent to Mexico, it should be of such a
magnitude as to enable them to attack the castle
of San Juan dHJlloa, which is the defense on
the sea-side of Vera Cruz, and carry the town in
that mode. The Department determined to cap-
ture it by a land attack by the Army, and land-
ing them from the fleet. It was not willing to
provide a squadron sufficiently strong for the pur-
pose of an attack by sea. The duties devolved
on the Navy were simply the landing of the
troops, and any incidental movements that might j
occur in standing off the enemy's coast. I
Under these circumstances, Commodore Stew- '
art did not desire this command, but he tendered ,
himself ready to obey the order if it were given;
and, in the course of the conversation, he said to j
the Secretary that he thought some allowance
should be made for years. That was the extent
of this application, which has been converted, j
by rumor, into the allegation made by my hon- (
orable friend on the information which he re- ]
ceived, that he had repeatedly reported himself I
as incompetent to do duty afloat by reason of his !
advanced age.
Sir, Stewart stands in relation to the Navy in
the same position as does General Scott to your
Army. He is, as I have stated to you, the only
living officer who, at the time of his retirement,
had commanded in an engagement with the enemy
during the war of 1812. Further, a fact in Stew-
art's career, which may not be generally known,
was stated—and I know it to be so—by the hon-
orable Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallory,]
in his speech made in 1854, on the subject of
naval reform. During the war of 1812, such
was the prestige of British invincibility, and such
the magnitude of the navy of Great Britain com-
pared with our own, that the Executive had de-
termined to lay up our small Navy in ordinary,
and not permit it to run the risk of an encounter
on the high seas with the fleets of Great Britain.
It was owing to the remonstrances and repre-
sentations of Stewart, in connection with Bain-
bridge, that that order was rescinded, and the
opportunity was given for those brilliant achieve- 11
ments during the war of 1812,jwhich, at the time, ■
had so profound a moral influence over the whole i
country, and which have then, and since, so ;
elevated its character and extended its renown, j j
Mr. President,you revived, not many months
ago, for General Scott, the office of lieutenant
general, as a mark, and a proper mark, of grati-
tude on the part of his country for distinguished \
services; you retired Commodore Stewart. Gen- !
eral Scott is an old man. From wounds and age, !
beyond all question his physical capacity must
be in some measure impaired. Would you have
ordered him to take charge of the campaign against
the Indians, and to encounter all the deprivations
which must necessarily have been incident to the
conduct of that campaign under Harney, and,
if he had replied to such an order or such a sug-
gestion, " I think that the campaign may be in-
trusted to a junior officer, and that some allow-
ance should be made for years," would you have
retired him ? The cases are precisely parallel
Stewart found, on inquiry at the Department,
that the duty to be performed was not naval
warfare by an attack upon Vera Cruz from the
sea, but that it merely required 1 landing of
the troops, who were to make the attack on land,
and the covering of the embarkation, with no
navy on the part of Mexico to resist. Is there
any impropriety, therefore—is there any ground •
of charging him with dereliction of duty, or the
admission of incompetency on his own part,
because, under these circumstances, he preferred
(at the same time tendering himself ready to obey
the order if issued) not to be ordered into the
command of that squadron? Sir, does not dis-
tinguished service earn an exemption from the
performance of ordinary duty? Is not that the
principle which you have applied in your action
towards General Scott? You cannot expect in
Commodore Stewart the physical energy which
existed in his earlier life. Doubtless he could
not now mount to the maintop of a man-of-war
with the agility of a monkey or a midshipman,
but he could ascend to the quarter-deck of a man-
of-war; and once place him there, and you have
no officer in your service better qualified to com-
mand. Sir, his known skill and reputation, and
the influence that they would give him over the
minds of his crew ana of those who served under
him, would outweigh all the vigor of any junior
in the service.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope my friend will allow
me to say a word here, as I do not wish to refer
to the point again.
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. It may possibly be under-
stood, if the friends of the Navy sit nere and do
not deny it, that they assent to the implication
which may be drawn from the Senator's remarks,
that the Navy did not participate in the attack
on Vera Cruz further than to land the troops and
use the boats. I only desire to put my friend
right on that point; perhaps he is not aware of
the extent of the implication to be drawn from
• his words. The fact is, that the Navy did per-
form a very important part in that action. Naval
guns, manned ay naval seamen, commanded by
naval officers, many of whom were killed at their
stations, did contribute, in a very great degree,
to the capture of that work.
Mr. BAYARD. I did not think it necessary
to go into all the circumstances. I meant that
this idea should be given to the Senate: that Com-
modore Stewart thought in .consultation—and he
was sent for by the Secretary for consultation
alone—that the proper mode of making the attack
was by sea; that the Department was not willing
to make the attack in that mode; and that under
these circumstances he preferred that the com-
mand should be intrusted to another officer, espe-
cially as he had been in command of the same
squadron not more than a year or a year and a
half before. Now my object is, not to enter into
the question of what service he could have ren-
dered there, but to rebut the imputation that he
declined duty either once or twice, on the ground
that he was incapable of performing duty afloat.
The extent of his remark was, that he tendered
himself ready to obey the order, but that he
thought some allowance should be made for years.
The construction put on that remark is what I
have stated to the Senate. In my judgment, age
and distinguished service earn an exemption from
ordinary duty, and you applied that principle to
General Scott in the case which I have specified.
I proceed now to the remedy which, I suppose,
ougnt to be provided in the case. The Naval
Committee themselves say there should be some
remedy. They propose one. The points of dif-
ference between us are two. The first section of
the bill which 1 intend to submit as a substitute,
provides for the restoration to the active service
list of all the officers who have been placed upon
the retired list. I consider this as an act of jus-
tice, requisite as the very first step; because I con-
sider, for the reasons which 1 nave given, that
the law under which they were retired, left room
for such wide-spread errors of opinion on the part
of the board, tnat until you have examined in
some other mode into the capacity of those officers
who were retired, it would oe unwise and unjust
to confirm the action of the board.
If I am right in my objections to the law, of
necessity yuu must" adopt the course which I
propose as to these retired officers. You cannot
question the authority there. The officers are in
tne Navy. They are put on the retired list by
virtue of the law, and the law alone. If you re-
peal that law and provide that they shall be re-
stored to the active list, as thev are still in the
Navy, beyond all question, it affects merely the
abolition of the retired list. If you accompany
that repeal with a proper mode of reform in pro-
viding for a retired list, I think you do all as
regards these officers and the reform of the Navy
that is requisite.
With regard to the dismissed officers, I have
adopted the same provision which constitutes the
first section of the committee's bill, as the second
section of my substitute. I am perfectly aware
that these officers cannot be restored, except by
executive action; legislation cannot reach them.
A portion of the bill of the committee, as well as
mine, provides for courts of inquiry on the case of
any dismissed officers who demand it; and, depend-
ent upon the result of that inquiry, my bill author-
izes the President to nominate them to the Senate
for reconfirmation in their rank, if, in his judg-
ment, he thinks proper. The object, therefore,
of both bills, is to give what ought to have been
given to them before—a hearing and a trial.
As to the reserved officers, I propose to restore
them at once, which unquestionably is in our
power; as, both from the vicious structure of the
law, and what I have endeavored to point out as
the errors of its construction, a mode of investi-
gation has been pursued at war with great prin-
ciples of right; and, therefore, you can only do
justice by placing things where they were before
the law passed, so far as legislation can effect that
result.
Sir, in the most ordinary action involving civil
rights — in the case of an indictment for the sim-
plest misdemeanor, involving merely a fine, if the
proceedings are irregular in their character, though
there may be a verdict against the party in the
civil case, or a verdict of condemnation in the"
criminal case, when an application is made to a
court of justice to revise that action on account
of the irregularity of the proceedings, no inquiry
is made into the question of whether the party
can prove himself to be innocent, or whether he
can establish his rights on a second trial. The
only question is, has the case been properly tried ?
If it has not been properly tried, whether the
party is guilty in tne one case, or whether he
would fail, on a second trial, in the other, is per-
fectly immaterial. Justice entitles him to a proper
hearing by an appropriate tribunal, before his
rights arc disposed of, be they civil or be they
criminal. That is the principle of law. Why
should it not be applied here ?
There is another difference between the two
bills. The act of 1855 provides only a retired
list for a particular occasion. It is an occasional
and a violent remedy. The plan which I have
submitted for a retired list, in the third section
of my bill, provides that the President of the
United States may, at any time, nominate to the
Senate, for retirement, any commissioned officer
in the service. I will read the section:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That whenever, in the
judgment of the President of the United States, a commis-
sioned officer of the Navy shall have become, from any
cause, incapable of performing the duties of his office, or
Bhall prefer a request in writing to be retired, the President
may, at his discretion, nominate such officer to the Senate
to be retired from active service, upon leave-of-absence or
furlough pay, and upon confirmation of such nomination by
the Senate, the name of such officer shall be placcd upon
a reserved list, and he shall be withdrawn from active ser-
vice and command, and entitled to receive leave-of-absence
or furlough pay according to the nomination and confirma-
tion : Provided, That the number of captains so placed
upon the reserved list shall not at any time exceed thirty,
the number of commanders thirty, or the number of lieu-
tenants sixty.
I have made no provision for a reserved list for
officers of junior grades, because I think it un-
necessary. This provision prevents any ex-
tended system of what might be called pensions,
but it leaves room for a gradual improvement of
the Navy; it leaves the discretion where it ought
to rest in the first instance—in the President,
founded on his inquiries, to nominate to the
Senate, and take the judgment of the Senate on
the propriety of the retirement. This is in
