576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5.
the entire substitute, because the original bill, as
-amended, will reflect the opinion of the House.
Therefore, with a view to bring the House to a
direct vote upon the question, I demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The House is brought first
to vote upon striking out the following provisoes:
- Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized to change the present system of providing relief
for sick and disabled seamen by dismissing from service the
employ^ of the Government, leasing the marine hospitals
at such points as, in his judgment, the public interest
requires a change, to private individuals, city or town
authouties, or private associations, on terms pio.viding for
the necessary attention to seamen entitled to relief: JTnd
provided furthe)-, That the said Secretary shall suspend all
further expenditures of money heretofore appropriated for
the purchase of sites, and the construction of marine hos-
pitals at those point"; where the construction of buildings
has not been commenced; and that the said Secretary
report to Congress annually the arrangements which he
may have made under this proviso.
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask for a divis-
ion of the question, and that the vote be taken on
the last proviso first.
Mr. LETCHER. It will be more regular to
take the vote upon the first proviso first, and
then upon the second.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will put the
question upon striking out the first proviso.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will not consume the
time of the House, though I desire a vote upon
the last proviso first.
The SPEAKER. The other course is the
natural order.
Mr. MARSHALL. Where a motion is
made to strike out a given part of a bill, is that
susceptible of a division which will make it a
motion to strike out only a part of it?
The SPEAKER. A motion to strike out and
insert cannot be divided; but a motion to strike
out two distinct clauses of a bill can be divided.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for a division, and
demand the yeas and nays upon striking out the
first proviso*, and I call for tellers on the yeas and
navs.
Tellers were refused; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative.
So the first proviso was stricken out.
The question was then taken on striking out
the second proviso; and it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the second proviso was also stricken out.
" The question recurred on the substitute offered
by Mr. Letcher.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I now propose that
the vote shall be taken upon my amendment to
that substitute.
_Mr. HAVEN. I think the gentleman from
Kentucky will see that the matter is right just as
it is. We have now got a bill with the two pro-
visoes stricken out, arid the Merriwether appro-
priation in. The next question is, will we keep
that bill as it is, or will we substitute the other
for it, which other is the same bill, with the
Merriwether provision out. For one, I am for
striking the Merriwether appropriation out.
Mr. KELSEY. I desire to understand whether
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia is
anything more than to strike out the provision for
the salary of the Governor of New Mexico ?
Mr. ORR. That is not all, as I understand it.
The amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
pioposes to strike out both the provision for the
salary of Governor Merriwether and the marine
hospital provisoes. The question which has just
been taken was taken with reference to the
original bill, and the House have stricken out the
provisoes. But that does not operate to strike
them out of the substitute, and the gentleman
from Virginia therefore leaves them out of the
substitute, if those provisoes were left in the
substitute by the gentleman from Virginia, and
the substitute should be adopted, the provisoes
would be adopted also, notwithstanding the pre-
vious action of the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not understand the
proposition as my friend from South Carolina |
doe-?. The provision in reference to the marine !
hospitals is now out of the original bill, and out i
of ihe substitute. The only difference between j
the bill as it now stands and my substitute is the j
Merriwether appropriation. That is stricken out
of the substitute, while it is in the bill for which
mine is offered as a substitute.
Mr. HOUSTON. By general consent the
House can simplify the vote by simply allowing
it to be a vote on striking out the Merriwether
proposition.
Mr. MARSHALL. I think the much easier
mode is to travel according to the rule.
Mr. SEWARD. I thought the previous ques-
tion was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I insist that debate is
out of order.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to know whether
I have not a right to amend the matter to be in-
serted ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide,-if the
gentleman from Kentucky proposes at this time
to amend the substitute, that it is not in order,
the mam question having been ordered.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I may be at fault in re-
gard to this matter, but I do not understand that
the House has reconsidered the subject-matter at
all. After the bill had been lost, the gentleman
from Arkansas moved to reconsider, and on that
motion I do not recollect that any vote was taken.
Several Members. Oh, yes, there was.
The SPEAKER. The vote was taken on re-
considering the vote ordering the bill to a third
reading and engrossment. The Chair has stated
the question to be on ordering the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and pending that
question, the gentlemen from South Carolina and
Virginia [Messrs. Orr and Letchek] have of-
fered amendments. The question recurs on the
amendment, proposed by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, to strike out the words standing as the
original bill, and to insert his amendment in the
nature of a substitute. The Chair understands
the two bills to agree in this, that the clause re-
lating to the marine hospitals does not exist in
either; but that in the bill as it now stands the
clause relating to the Governor of New Mexico
does stand as a part of the bill, while in the sub-
stitute it is stricken out.
Mr. WAKEMAN. Those who are desirous
of retaining the Merriwether clause will vote
against the substitute ?
The SPEAKER. It is not proper for the Chair
to answer that question.
Mr. MARSHALL called for the yeas and nays
on Mr. Letcher's substitute.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL asked leave to withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object; the House
has ordered the yeas and nays.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
96, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright,Allison, Ball, Bingham, Boyce,
Branch, Bronton, Bufftnion, dawson, Chngman, William-
son R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Craige, Ciawford,
Cuilen, Cumback, Timothy Davis, Day, Denver, Dickson,
l)odd, Dunn, Durfoc, Edie, Edmundson, Edward*, Emric,
English, Flaglei, Galloway, Giangei, Greenwood, Grow,
Harlan, Thomas L. Ham*, Haven, Hickman, Holloway,
Thomas ft. iloiton, Valentino B. Horton, Houston, George
W. Jono*, Kelly, Kulwell, Knapp, Knowlton, Knov, Laki1,
Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, McAIullm, Kilhan Miller, Mill-
son, Morgan, "VIott, Mutray, Andrew Olivci, Pame, Peaice,
Pel ton, Pennington, Fcny, Poitoi, Powell, Pumance, Pur-
year, Quitman, Ready, RjchauUon, Ritchie, Rivers, Rob-
bins, Robeits.Rutfm, Sabm, Scott, Sherman, Shoiter, Sim-
mons, William II. Smith, Spinner, Thonngton, Todd/fraf-
ton, Underwood, Vail, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wells, Wmslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V.
Wright, and ZollieofFer—-96.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Baibour, Barksdalc, Bell,
Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bishop, Bowie, Biadshaw. Brooks,
Bioom, Burnett, James II. Campbell, John P. Campbell,
Lewis I). Campbell, Caskie,Uhaftee, Ezra Clark, Davidson,
Hemy Winter Davis, Elliott, Eu?tis, Evan«, Faulkner,
Floiencp, Goode, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris. Samp-
son W. Hams, Harrison, Hovvaid, Kelsey, Knight, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Moore, AlordeeaiOliver, Oir, Paiker, Peck,
Phelps, Pringle, Rieaud, Sage, Sandidge, Stephens, fltrana-
han, Talbott, Taylor, Tyson, Valk, Wakeman, Walker,
Warner, Elhhu B. Washbuine, Watluns, Wheeler, Wil-
liams, WoodiutT, and Woodwortb—60.
So the substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed, and road a third time; and having been
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. LETCHER moved the previous question
on its passage. j
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
of the previous question the bill was passed. j
Mr. LETCHER moved to reconsider the vote i
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
DIAMOND REEF, NEW YORK.
Mr. WAKEMAN, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and they
hereby are, instructed to inquire into the propriety of making
an appiopriation for the lemoval of Diamond reef, 111 the
harbor of New Yoik; and that they report by bill or other-
wise.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The Speaker laid before the House a commu-
nication from the State Department, transmitting
a copy of a memorial addressed to the President
by Mr. Henry Cronchcy, a British subject, pray-
ing compensation for extra services performed in
the office of the Legation of the United States at
London, between December, ]852, and August,
1853; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
three o'clock and fifty minutes) the House ad-
journed till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 5, 1856.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of State, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, information in relation to printing
paid for by the Department of State during the
year ending December 31,1855; which was read,
and, on motion by Mr. Weller, ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, showing, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, the number of employes in the Treas-
ury Department other than clerks, and the com-
pensation paid to each; which, on motion by Mr.
Weller, was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, the correspondence with the Navy
Department in relation to charges and specifica-
tions against G. J. Pendergrast, S. F. Du Pont,
and other officers of the Navy, and the action of
the Department thereon.
Mr. WELLER. I move that that communi-
cation be laid upon the table, and be printed.
Mr. MALLORY. I suggest to my friend from
California that, before these papers are printed,
he or some other Senator should examine them.
I think there are matters in them which might
just as well, perhaps, be not printed.
Mr. WELLER. I move, then, that the docu-
ment be referred to the Committee on Printing,
with a view of obtaining a report from that com-
mittee as to the propriety of publishing the whole
or part of them.
It was so referred.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to present the
memorial of the Board of Trade of Philadelphia,
asking that the ice harbor at Reedy Island, in
the Delaware river—a work commenced some
years since by the United States Government—
may be promptly completed. This memorial is
accompanied by a very strong letter stating the
position of the Board of Trade in relation to this
subject. I move that the memorial and accom-
panying papers be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. STUART. Let me suggest to the Sen-
ator that, inasmuch as the committee have already
reported on the subject, perhaps his purpose
would be better accomplished by allowing those
papers to lie on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have no objection to
that.
The memorial was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. STUART. I present the petition of citi-
zens of New Buffalo, Michigan, praying for the
construction of a harbor of refuge at that place.
The Committee on Commerce instructed me some
