1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1303
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I hope the gentle-
man will not object to the introduction of a bill.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I only object to discus-
sion.
Mr. BURNETT. I insist on the motion to
adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
HON. JOHN Gr. MILLER.
Mr. POUTER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolied, Thatt'ae Speaker of this House be directed to set-
tle the accounts of Hon. John Ci. Miller, late a member
of tins House, liom the State of Missomi, for mileage and
per diem from the commencement of the session to the
11th day of May, (the day of his decease,) and to pay the
same to Maigaiet Miiler, lus widow.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
83, noes not counted.
Mr. NICHOLS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; mid Messrs. Nichols
. and Stranaiian were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported— ayes 94. noes 23.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative to
make a quorum.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. KENNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
M r. PHELPS. I desire to propose, before that
question is put, that the further consideration of
this bill, reported by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, be postponed until two weeks from to-
morrow.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee to withdraw his motion to adjourn,
and allow me to offer a joint resolution.
Mr. JONES. I have no control over the motion
to adjourn; but I insist that, if the House do not
adjourn, there is already business before it with
the consideration of which it must proceed.
The question recurring on the motion to ad-
j ourn,
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House then refused to adjourn.
Mr. HARLAN obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I now move that the further
consideration of the subject be postponed until
two weeks from to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has assigned the
floor to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. HARLAN. 1 merely wish to offer a reso-
lution in order that it may be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. It is a "joint
resolution to pay Ohio volunteers for services in
the Mexican war."
No objection being made, the resolution was
introduced, read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS AGAIN.
Mr. PHELPS. I now submit my motion.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion upon
the bill to which the gentleman's motion refers,
is to recommit it to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The gentleman from Missouri now moves
that the further consideration thereof be post-
poned for two -weeks.
Mr. LETCHER. "What is it to be postponed
for? Why not go on with its consideration now?
Mr. PHELPS. I desire, for one, to investi-
gate the question, and I fear I shall not have
time unless it is postponed for that length of
time, as I expect to be absent before the close of
this week, and to remain absent eight or ten
days.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. Does the_ motion to
postpone take precedence of the motion to com-
mit' . ' ,
The SPEAKER. It does. The motions, stand-
in"- ill their order, are, first, the motion to post-
pone, then to commit, and then to amend.
Mr. DENVER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia asks the reasons for the postponement asked
for. For my part, I should like very much to
have a postponement, for the reason that this bill
is an important one, affecting very nearly all the
landed interest in the State.ot California, and be-
cause it has been sprung upon the House unex-
pectedly and without notice of the time when it
would come up. I wish to bring forward very
important amendments to the bill, which will
change it materially; and I wish to have time
and opportunity in which to draft and prepare
those amendments, and also time to consider the
bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I merely wish to say
to the House, that, so far as I am concerned, I
feel no personal interest about this matter. The
bill was introduced by the other member from
California; and I feel that it is a matter of comity
and courtesy to him that the bill should take such
course as he may prefer, and as the House may
indulge him in. I would further say, that the ,
bill, as it came from his hands to the Committee ]
on the Judiciary, has received no alteration, ex- \
cept that which strikes out what gives it a pros-
pective operation, and which inserts the words, j
" prior to the 1st of January, 1836," so as to fix
the period of limitation. Those are the only
changes the committee have made in the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my objection ,
to the postponement of the bill, after hearing the !
statement of the gentleman from California, as
lie desires opportunity to prepare amendments,
and to discuss the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire whether
this day two weeks is not the day assigned for
the consideration of the Illinois contested-elec-
tion case?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
it is on the 9th of June. I
Mr. HERBERT. 1 regret very much that my
colleague and myself have taken different views
of this bill. I had hoped that we should have :
been together upon it. I acknowledge that it is
one of the most important measures which has !
been introduced relative to our common eonstit- ,
uents; but it is a plain, simple bill, of only three >
sections, and if we are not able to make f -ich cor-
rections as are necessary to-day or to-morrow, I
do not think that we will be able to do it at the
expiration of two weeks. Besides, if we post-
pone this matter, there is no certainty Ciat we
would ever reach it again. We have the game
now, sir, ill our hands; by postponing the matter,
we may lose it. It is important that something
should be done to quiet and settle the land titles
of California. Before the board of commission-
ers was appointed there, a person claiming lands
could go into the market and sell them to some
one; but since the establishment of that board—a
board created by the United States Government,
and to protect the interests of the Gov< rnineut—
our lands have become valueless, and those who
are claiming them have sacrificed their stock,
and, in many instances, half their land, to carry
on their litigation in opposition to the General
Government.
We do not propose by this bill to settle the
titles as against third parties, but we ask you to
give us a title, when the board of commissioners
appointed by the General Government, and sent
out there for the purpose of protecting the inter-
ests of the Government, have decided that the
United States have no title. Let the patent then
issue. Until that is done our lands are valueless.
It would have been far better if no Mexican
grants had ever existed there.
I hope, sir, that the House will consider the
bill to-day, or at least to-morrow. I hope my
colleague will agree to this suggestion. It he is
unprepared now, let the bill lieover until to-mor-
row, when we can take it up, discuss its merits
pro and con., and act upon it. I hope that it will
not be postponed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Piielps's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the further consideration of the bill was
postponed for two weeks.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. GALLOWAY, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the papers in relation to the claims of
Charles Townsend, of New York, and William
McVicker, of Ohio, for the purpose of reference
to the Court of Claims.
BOOKS FOR NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution:
RaolvcJ, That the Clerk of the House oi Representa-
tives furnish and deliver to each member and Delegate in
the House of the present Congress, who has not already
received the same, and pay for the same out of the contin-
gent fund of the House, such numbers and editions of such
books of a public chaiacter as were furnished to the new
members and Delegates of the last Congress under the joint
resolution of February 23,1854, and the resolutions the
House of Representatives of June 20,1854: Provided, That
they be furnished at prices not exceeding those for which
they were heretofore supplied to such members and Dele-
gates. .
Mr. BURNETT. I object to that resolution.
Mr. MARSHALL. I ask a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is an ex-
press law that neither House shall order books.
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir; there is no such
law. Both Houses have ordered books this
That is my recollection of the
session.
Mr. JONES.
law.
Mr. MARSHALL. If the gentleman will refer
to the law, he will find that ho is mistaken.
Mr. JONES. I ask for the yeas and nays on
| the motion to suspend the rules.
i REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
| Mr. OLIVER, of New York, by unanimous
! consent, from the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
| reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, House bill for the relief of S. Knapp; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BURNETT moved an adjournment, and
demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pmiviancb
and Winslow were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 63, noes 37.
So the motion was agreed to; and thereupon
(at ten minutes to four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 27, 1856.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MALLORY presented the jietition of Ot-
way H. Berryman, a lieutenant in the Navy,
praying that a balance found against him by the
accounting officers in the settlement of his ac-
counts as acting purser of the United States
schooner Oakahye, and paid by him into the
Treasury, may be refunded; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of
the captain and members of the Spy Company,
commanded by Colonel Dominguez, in the late
war with Mexico, praying to be allowed extra
pay and bounty land; which was referred to the
Committee on "Public Lands.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of ship-
owner and merchants of Boston, praying that
the duties on all raw materials imported from
foreign countries into the United States may be
abolished; which was referred to the Committee
oil Finance.
Mr. BROWN presented two petitions of citi-
zens of the District of Columbia, praying for the
establishment of primary schools for the instruc-
tion of youth in that portion of the county of
Washington not included within the corporate
limits of Washington and Georgetown; which
were referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also presented a memorial of the black-
smiths and armorers of the marine barracks at
Washington, praying for an increase of compen-
sation; which was referred to the Committee on
Retrenchment.
He also presented the memorial of Edward
Patton, praying for indemnification for property
destroyed and damages sustained by the bom-
bardment of Greytown; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, That the heirs of Isaac White have leave to
withdraw their petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That Fiancis Gardere have ieav®to withdraw
his petition and papers.
