2178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
tfte mails between the Atlantic and the Pacific, are very
considerable, amounting to about $731,868. Tn view of this
faet and of the many sections and neighborhoods in the
different States which are either greatly restricted in, or
deprtved altogether of mail facilities, it appears to me both
inexpedient and unjust to go into the expenditure of a still
further sum ot ,"$424,('00 tor the service in question. More-
over, [ disapprove of the principle upon which this contract
is made. In iny opinion, if the Postmaster General has the
right to make such a contract at all, it ought to be made
without the restriction or limitation contained in yours, by
which its force or validity is made to depend upon the pas-
sage of an appropriation by Congress to carry it into effect.
I am unwilling to recognize any contingency of this kind,
"because, although the contractors may, under such condi-
tional arrangement, establish no legal claim for compensa-
tion, they may, nevertheless, go on and incur expenses in
the expectation that they will be paid, and Congress, moie
from private sympathy than from public policy or right, be
at length induced to yield to a measure to which its prior
sanction never could have been obtained.
" Since that time the Depaitment has not heard from the
Mexican Ocean Mail and Inland Company."
The Senate will observe that the Postmaster
General here says, in his annual report, that he
had not heard from the "Mexican Ocean Mail
Inland Company" since July 9,1853. He must
have either forgotten or been ignorant of a sub-
sequent correspondence carried on between the
Department and the contractors on this subject.
I will now read a copy of his letter, dated No-
vember 3, 1853, to which I have already alluded.
This letter proves most conclusively that the com-
plaint of the contractors is well founded:
Post Office Department, November 3,1853.
Gentlemen: In answer to your letter of the 20th ultimo,
I have to state that, at the request of Mr. Carmiek, the
contiactor, the present schedule of the New Orleans and
Vera Cruz. route was arranged to connect with the contem-
plated loutc across fiom Veia Cru/. to Acapuleo, which it
was proposed to i un in due connection with an independ-
ent hue of s-teamers, between Aeapuleo and San Fiariciseo—
thus, with the route Via Panama, giving a mail four tunes,
instead ot twice, a month between the Atlantic States and
Cahioima. It was not the intention to connect at Aeapulco
with the steamets ot the Panama line, but, as above re-
marked, to establish an additional serm monthly mail, to run,
via Vera <'iu/, and Acnpulco, alternately at regular intci-
vaU with the line via Panama
Tin- arrangement wa-  made with my predecessor, Mr.
llubbaid, with whom, as Postmaster Ueneial, also, a con-
ditional contract was enteied into tor the part of the mm vice
between Vera Cruz and San Francisco, which contract was
to take effect only from the tunc it should be ratified hy Con-
; nor was it to have any force or validity whatever until
it should receive the sanction ol Cnngioss hy the pn->sa e
of an appropriation to cany it into effect. No Mich sanction
has, as yet, been given hy Congress; but, apart liom this,
and without troubling you with my mowuoh the whole miI>-
jeet, u is simplv neeess-aiy loi nie to say, that theie can be
no lecognition by this Department of an> auangement by
wlm h the additional -semi monthlj mail, clearly contem-
plated by the then Postmaster General, can be dispensed
wilh.
The application, therefore, for a change of schedule on
the route liom New <>i lentil to Veia Cnw mu-t now lie
considered without icfetenee to am tups it may be pio-
posed to l un in connection theie with beyond. The conn act
itqune*. tlnce trips a month, you propose but two; audit
is iinnece-Nary foi me to say that the number of tups stipu-
lated lor in the contract will be ie<|iured.
1 am, \ery icspecttully, your obedient seivant,
JAMMS CAMPBELL.
Messrs. IIaruis &. .Moikiak, New Orleans, Louisiana.
Those facts, Mi. President, I think, establish
very clearly that the memorialists are entitled to
damages.
The amendment proposes to authorize the
Comptroller of the Treasury to examine fully
into the nature and extent of tins claim, and to
settle it upon principles of law and equity. Since
that officer has won the confidence of the Govern-
ment and people, and that deservedly, I tiust the
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. T>1GGS. I should like to ask the Senator
from Wisconsin what is the amount of this
claim?
Mr. DURKEE. No amount is named in the
amendment.
Mr. BIGGS. What is the amount sought by
the persons who claim damages?
Mr, DURKEE. It is left to the Comptroller
to adju&Lit as he thinks proper. There is no par-
ticular mTiount.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to know when
the report of the committee was made on this
case ?
Mr. DURKEE. The report was made two or
three days since.
The Secretary. It is dated August 14.
Mr. BAYARD. I know nothing of the merits
of the claim, and do not mean to pass any judg-
ment on them; but I think we are going much
further than we have gone yet, when, on a report
made upon the 14th of August, two days ago,
we are asked to pass in un appropriation bill a
measure which is condemnatory of a high execu-
tive officer of our Government. I do not think
that when we have no opportunity for examina-
tion, that should be done. Those gentlemen who
have examined the case may be perfectly familiar
with it; but there are facts here unknown to me.
Thei*e are legal principles involved. For instance,
under what law did the Postmaster General of
the United States, who made this contract, make
it; and was he authorized by that law to make a
conditional contract ? That would enter materi-
ally into my judgment. If there has been injus-
tice done, I am perfectly willing to afford a remedy
to the parties whether the executive officer wishes
it or not; but I do not like the mode in which this
is brought forward on an appropriation bill. If
the Postmaster General of the United States, who
made this contract, had no authority to make con-
tingent contracts, beyond all question in my mind
it does not bind the Government, and you are not
responsible for acts not done under the warrant
of law. If, on the contrary, he had authority to
make a contingentcontract, and made it, and then
there was a breach of it by another officer, there
is of course a claim for damages.
Mr. SEWARD. I find myself obliged by the
force of circumstances to say a few words on
this subject, although it does not come within any
proper department of my own. I have a letter
here from the party interested in this question:
Unfortunately, as Mr. Benjamin is confined to his
house quite sick, and he had intended to express very fully
his views on this case, may E ask your support of Mr. Dur-
kee's amendment to the Post Office bill ?
" II. Carmicic."
This explains that I speak in the place of the
honorable Senator from Louisiana, who would
have supported this proposition. 1 have one other
word of apology. Last year 1 had the honor to
be a member of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads: this year 1 have not. When I
was there last year, this ease was brought before
the committee under the presidency of the hon-
orable Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] who is
now absent, very much to the regret of ourselves
and to the public loss. He being our chairman,
we entered upon an examination of this case.
We wrote to the Department. We received the
answer which has been read. We considered
the case. We were of opinion that it was a case
which called loudly upon the justice of Congress
and of the country. We ascertained the facts
according to my present recollection to be these:
Postmaster General Hubbard, under the admin-
istration of Mr. Fillmore, gave a contract to
these parties to carry the mail, by way of experi-
ment, to ascertain whether the land passage—the
dangerous passage of the mails to the Pacific,
coutd nor be expedited and rendered more safe.
It was suggested that the route was new, untried,
and unexplored except by these parties, and that
the great continental mail, if I may so call it,
which required twenty-eight days of time, two
voyages by sea, and a passage across the Isthmus
of "Panama, or else a lake voyage on Lake Nicar-
agua, might be so carried on this route, as to
make a difference of a week m the communica-
tion between the two points.
A contract was made with these parties. They
went on to provide their stock m good faith, their
carriages, their horses, their drivers, their em-
ployes. A new Administration came in. It had
neon stipulated that the contract should be sub-
nutted to Congress for consideration. The new
Postmaster General, without waiting for Con-
gress to assent, abrogated the contract, and gave
the parties no damages, and neglected to submit
the matter to Congress m any way whatever until
his attention was called to it by the Post Office
Committee; and while he had denied any knowl-
edge of the subject—honestly dented no doubt—
it was shown that he had notice that these parties
were going on to execute the contract, and had
established the fact, that the service could be done
with economy and with dispatch by them. The
contract was abrogated, and the. parties were left
to suffer loss.
Under these circumstances, the committee, by
what comparative vote I do not remember, re-
ported a bill to the Senate, but it failed to be con-
sidered for want of time. The honorable chair-
man of the committee, by instruction of the
committee, on this very bill last year moved an
amendment similar in all respects to this. The
Senate, I think, approved and justified the amend-
ment, appended it to the bill, and sent it to the
House of Representatives. There, owing to some
disagreement, it failed.
These facts I state according to my best recol-
lection, and in the mam I think I am right. I am
sure it is a case which addresses itself to the
consideration of Congress, and is in all respects
very similar to the case of a contract on the Mis-
sissippi riyer, where the same public functionary,
doubtless in the exercise of a conscientious regard
for the public interest, refused to give the mails
to the contractors on the grounds that the steam-
boats carried freight, although the contract in
that case did not require that the mail should be
carried in exclusively passenger vessels. There,
not only the Senate, but Congress, made an award
of damages on that principle, and the damages
have been paid at the present session.
Mr. IIUNTER. Here is a contested claim,
which it is manifest would require a very long
debate in order to ascertain its merits. It is well
known that we have no time to enter into the sub-
ject. It is known we cannot do it. So little time
is left to carry through the appropriation bills that
we dare hot debate these matters as they ought
to be debated. The friends of such measures as
this have only to wait until the heel of the ses-
sion, place them on appropriation bills, and make
so many speeches that there is no time for any
one who cares for the safety o£the bill to attack
them. Thus they are sure to pass them.
Does not this admonish the Senate of the pro-
priety of keeping such matters away from appro-
priation bills ? Let them come up on their own
merits. We have not time now to enter into
these inquiries and ascertain what they are. As
to any debate that may have occurred years ago,
it was probably something like this, on an appro-
priation bill, when we were pushed for time and
had no opportunity and no means of entering
into the discussion as we ought to have done. 1
have no doubt that the acting chairman of the
Post Office Committee, [Mr. Yulee,] if there
were time, could say a great deal in relation to
this claim; but gentlemen are restrained from a
sense of the necessity of carrying through this
bill. I hope the Senate will, for that reason alone,
vote down the amendment.
Mr. ADAMS. I will not detain the Senate.
I never do so when appropriation bills are up. I
only want to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact, that other propositions are brought here
by other committees, about which the Senate
certainly know much less than they know about
this case. 1 think the amendment for the dome,
which was presented here by the Senator from
Delaware, and which he urged with so much force
and success, was as little understood by the Sen-
ate as this question. The Senate at the last ses-
sion, investigated this case and passed it. The
committee has reported it again. The facts, as
slated by the Senator from NewYoik, are in
accordance with my recollection. I will not delay
the Senate. All 1 ask is for a vote on the merits
of the proposition.
Mr. YULEE. I think it a duty to the Senate,
to correct very briefly what I deem to be a mis-
apprehension of the facts of the case by the Sen-
ator fiom New York, doubtless resulting from
imperfect memory, as I dare say he has not ex-
amined the case since the last session to which
he refers.
This contract was made by the predecessor of
the present Postmaster General, and signed, I
believe, on the day before he retired from office.
It contained an express provision to this effect:
"And it is hereby further expressly understood,
that this contract is to have no force or validity
until it shall have received the sanction of the
Congress of the United States, by the passage
of an appropriation to carry it into effect." The
order upon which the contract was made, emana-
ting from Mr. Hubbard, provided, among other
things, "service to commence from the time
Congress shall ratify this contract, and end in
four years from that date." The contract was
signed on the 3d of March, 1853.
On the 8th of March, Mr. Campbell took pos-
session of the office, and three days afterwards,
on the 11th of March, he transmitted to the
Senate, then in session, a copy of the contract
which had been made with these parties, and
which depended on the action of Congress for
