1304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
WILLIAM CAREY JONES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter from *Slq Court of Claims, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, the memorial andpapers of William Carey-
Jones; which, on motion of Mr. Weller, were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate and Speaker
of the House of Representative? do adjourn their respective
Bouses on Monday, the 21st day of July next, at twelve
o'clock, meridian.
BARNSTABLE CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire what appropuations', if any, shall be necessary
for grading and foncmg the gtounds and furnishing the cus-
tom-house at Barnstable, in the State of Massachusetts.
. CALIFORNIA TRADE.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to inform the Senate—
' 1st. The amount of revenue collected from customs m
California, for each fiscal year since 3Uih June,
~'d. The value 01 foreign pjoduois inipoited into the re-
spective ports of California, and flic dntnw paid on them m
the port-? where they vveie cleared.
JJd. The value of domestic products imported into San
Francisco nnd the other ports ol California.
4th. The amount of gold dust, bullion, and quicksilver,
• exported in each ye ax* from California.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Donn Piatt, reported a bill (S. No. 340)
for his relief; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (3.
No. 336) for constructing a militaiy road from
Kl Paso, on the Rio Grande, to Fort Yurnn, at
the mouth of the Gila river, and for establishing
military posts thereupon, reported it without ,
amendment. |
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. TRUMBULL gave notice of his intention '
to ask leave to introduce a bill to prevent civil
war, and restore peace in Kansas.
NICARAGUAN AFFAIRS.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no further
morning business, the unfinished business of the
morning hour will bo taken up. The unfinished
business is the motion of the .Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mason] lhat the President's message
in relation to affairs in Nicaragua bo referred "to
the Committee on Foreign Relaiions.
Mr. ADAMS. I understand that the Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] desires to say
something further on that subject. He is in at-
tendance now, I bdieve, before a committee of
the Senate; I theiefore move that tin- further con-
sideration of tins subject be postponed until to-
morrow morning.
The motion was agreed to.
MARINE SIGNALS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If there bo no pressing
business before the Senate, I move to take up
Senate bill No. 277. It is a bill reported from the
Committee on Commerce, "to provide for the
general introduction of a uniform national code
of marine signals."
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It provides that, within twelve months from
and after its passage, it shall be the duty of the '
owners of every ship or vessel of the" United
States, of the buiden of three hundred and fifty i
ions and upwards, to provide it with a copy of
the latest edition of Rogers'* Maiine Telegraphic
List of Merchant Vessels, and Rogers's American
Code oi Marine Signals, which is adopted as the
national code of marine signals of the United
States: and with a complete set of the flags or
signals necessary for communicating marine
phrases and sentencesasdescribedin these books;
and imposes penalties for non-compliance with
this requirement, and makes many provisions to
carry out the object.
Mr. BENJAMIN. A very few words will put
the Senate in possession of the facts which have
given rise to the report of this bill from the com-
mittee. A setof marine signals has been invented
by Mr. Rogers, which has been tested by the
Navy Departmentand by the Light-House Board;
which has been examined and approved by the
chambers of commerce and boards of trade in
our principal seaports, by the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, and has been adopted by
the Collins line of steamers. By these signals,
' whether in storm or in calm, every possible exi-
gency that may arise in the course of navigation
can be communicated from one vessel to another;
vessels can report each other's names; in case of
distress, the exact nature of the distress can be
communicated; in case of want of assistance, the
exact nature of the assistance required can be
communicated. In fact, it is a complete marine
language. The inventor has a patent, and the
use of his patent requires that the two volumes
which he has published—and which, 1 believe,
have been laid on the table of nearly every mem-
ber of this body—should be supplied to every
ship. These volumes contain instructions for
the use of his code of signals, and a telegraphic
list of vessels in the commercial marine of this
country. By means of these signals, communi-
cations can also he made, in case of distress, with
light-house stations ashore and with light-house
keepers.
Tiie recommendations in favor of this code are
very warm, both from the Navy Department and
from the boards to which I have referred; but it
is obvious that no one person will use a system
of this kind, unless the use becomes universal,
because it is utterly idle for one vessel to be fur-
nished with a code of signals necessary to enable
it to communicate with another, unless the other
vessel be able to understand what is communi-
cated.
The committee considered this as a measure
of humanity, similar to those contained in acts
of Congress providing for the safety of the nav-
igation of pus sona;or vessels, and providing for
the safety of the lives of passengers in vessels
which are navigated by steam. Thecost to each
vessel in the Union is merely nominal. The in-
ventor is to furnish his two books, which are
worth something like six or eight dollars—prob-
ably seven dollars would be the fair value of the
books in a bookstore—and the right to make use
of his patent, for the sum of ten dollars,to any
vessel that chooses to apply for them. Under
these circumstances,the Committee on Commerce
have deemed it a matter of national importance
to report and recommend the passage of the bill
which has just been read to the Senate. It ap-
plies only to vessels which navigate the ocean,
or which are over tlnee hundred and fifty tons
burden.
In the fifth section, which provides for extend-
ing a term of three months' grace to those who
may not be able to find these books at their ports
withm six months, there is an omission of three
words. L move an amendment to insert after
" months," the words from the date,*' so that
it will read " until the expiration of three months
from the date of the arrival, "&c.
The amendment was agreed to. The bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill wo? ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Hou^e had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No.
104) for the rehef of Captain Langdon C. Easton,
Assistant duart^rmsfor United States Army.
Also a bill (H. R. .No. 172) making a grant of
alternate sections of public land to the State of
Michigan to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in said State, and for other purposes.
ASSAULT ON Mil. SUMNER.
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senate will indulge
me for a moment, I wish to make a personal ex-
planation. I find in the Baltimore Suij of this
morning, a statement which purports to have
been the testimony given by Mr. Sumner before
a committee of investigation of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and which contains some matters
that concern me. I am not disposed to attribute
what Mr. Sumner has said to any deliberate in-
tention to create a false impression in the public
mind, but such naturally must be the inference
from the passage in the testimony of Mr. Sumner
to which I now beg leave to call the attention of
the Senate; and I will simply explain jrty own
position in this matter, without making any com-
ment on Mr. Sumner's course.
It is unnecessary for me to read the introduc-
tory part of this testimony. Mr. Sumner says,
speaking of having received blows from M.r«
Brooks:
" Other persons there were about me, offering friendly
assistance ; but I did not recognize any of them. Others
there were at a distance, looking on and offering no assist-
ance, of whom I recognized only Mr. Douglas, of Illinois,
Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, and I thought,also, my assailant,
standing between them. I was helped from the floor, ana -
conducted into the lobby of the Senate, where I was placed
upon a sofa. Of those who helped me there I have no rec-
ollection.
As I entered the lobby I recognized Mr. Slidell, of
Louisiana, who retreated; but I recognized no one else
until 1 felt a friendly grasp of the hand, which seemed to
come from Mr. Campbell, of Ohio."
The two other Senators who are mentioned in
the same connection can explain their own posi-
tion. As regards, however, my friend from Illi-
nois, I am enabled to speak. While defending
myself from the imputation conveyed by this
statement, I am enabled to speak with great cer-
tainty of his position in the matter.
The Senate will recollect that we adjourned at
an early hour on that day. I went into the ante-
room, where I found my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] Governor Fitzpatrick, of Alabama,
and Mr, J. Gl vn'cy Jones, of Pennsylvania, in
conversation. They were seated. I approached
them and asked them if they were engaged in
any particular or private conversation. On re-
ceiving a negative response, I sat down and
joined them in conversation. We had been there
some minutes—I think we were alone in the ante-
chamber—when a person (if I recollect aright, it
was Mr. Jones, a messenger of the Senate) rushed
m, apparently in great trepidation, and said that
somebody was beating Mr. Sumner. We heard
this remark without any particular emotion; for
my own part, I confess I felt none. I am not
disposed to participate m broils of any kind. I
remained very quietly in my seat; the other gen-
tlemen did the same; we did not move. A minute
or two afterward,anotherperson passed through
the Chamber and said that Mr. Sumner had been
very badly beaten, and that the affray was over.
Mr. Brooks's name was then mentioned for tho
first time. Hearing that the affray was over, and
hearing that Mr. Brooks was concerned in the
matter, I felt a little more interest, for 1 had really
supposed that it was some ordinary scuffle. I did
not knosv from what cause it originated, and was
not disposed to meddle in it. I then came into
the Senate Chamber, passing through the .side
door at the back of my seat. I found, I think,
at least sixty or seventy persons on the floor of
the Senate Chamber—perhaps more. A crowd
surrounded the second chair on the other side of
the lobby, and I was told that Mr. Sumner was
there extended in a state of insensibility, pros-
trate on the floor. I did not endeavor to approach
him; I did not see him; I suppose there were
twenty or thirty persons around him.
After inquiring into the cause of the difficulty,
ascertaining that, Mr. Brooks, the Representa-
tive, was concerned in it, and that it was in con*
sequence of something which Mr. Sumner had
said in the Senate, and his relationship with a
member of the Senate, who had been personally
attacked b/ Mr. Sumner, I returned to the ante-
room, I think, with Mr. Jones—of that, how-
ever, I am not certain—with the intention of
resuming the conversation with the gentlemen
(somewhat of an interesting character) which
had been interrupted by this affray. I did return,
and remained there for some time. Mr. Sumner
was about being brought into the reception-room
of the Senate—not into the lobby; for, as I un-
derstand, the lobby is in the interior of the Sen-
ate Chamber. I was approaching the door of
the reception-room with a view of passing out
and going home, having no longer any induce*
