<880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
•its ih embers, all spring from, and are all defined
.by, a*nd all have their political being in, the Fed-
eral Constitution. Nothingis submitted or granted
-to the States in respect to the Congress of the
•United States, except that " the times, places,
and manner of holding elections for Senators and
Representatives shall be prescribed in each State
by the Legislature thereof,'' and even these regu-
lations may bo altered by law of Congress, except
the places of choosing Senators. And here it
may be observed that, with the exception of
members of Congress, no other officer of the
^Federal Government, or whose office is created
under the Federal Constitution, is elected through
the agency of the State authorities. The manner
of electing the President and Vice President of
the United States forms no exception to this state-
ment, as they are elected by the people of the
whole Union in the manner prescribed by the
Federal Constitution. A State, either by legis-
lative enactment or by provision of its organic
law, -has nothing to do with defining the tenure
of office, the duties, powers, or jurisdiction of
.office, or the qualifications for office, of any Fed-
eral officer, whose functions are all created, regu-
lated, and controlled by the Federal Government.
Can a State extend or limit the tenure of the
office of a United States Senator? Can it limit
his term to three years or extend it to ten ? Can
it modify the composition of the Senate, in re-
spect even to its own representation, and put
three members contemporaneously into this body
instead of two ? Can it extend or limit any of its
powers, regulate its jurisdiction, or modify any
of its functions ? Can it restrict the eligibility of
persons to the Senate to such as shall have passed
the age of forty years, or have been citizens of
the United States twenty-one years, or to native-
born citizens, or to such as shall have been in-
habitants of the State one or more years ? Can
one State impose a rule or condition of qualifica-
tion for the Senate of the United States, and an-
other State prescribe a different rule or condition,
and another State a different rule still, and so on
through all the States, and all differing as they
may from each other, and all differing from the
rule or condition prescribed by th«* Constitution
of the United States ? These inquiries all carry
with them their own answer, and that answer is
an emphatic negative. And the reason of it is,
that the office of Senator or Representative in
Congress is a United States office, and not a State
office; that it is created by the United States
Constitution, and not by the State constitution;
that all its functions are derived from the Federal
Constitution, and not from the constitution or any
original right of the State.
The office of Senator is a United States office—
the creation of the United States Constitution,
precisely as much so as the office of President,
or of the judges of the Supreme Court, or of the
district judges, or collectors, or marshals, or at-
torneys of the United States. Will anybody pre-
tend that in selecting a candidate for the presi-
dency you are obliged to go outside of the Federal
Constitution, in order to ascertain whether he is
legally eligible or not? Must you go to the con-
stitution of the State of which he happens to be
a citizen and under whose jurisdiction he lives,
to ascertain whether it fastens upon him any dis-
abilities for that offiee not named m the Fcdeial
Constitution? Were you to take a candidate
for the presidency from the State of Illinois—he
then being a judge of the supreme court of that
State—must you first ascertain whether the hold-
ing of that office renders him ineligible under the
constitution of Illinois?—for certainly such is the
literal reading of that constitution, wherein it
declares that her judges shall not be eligible to
any other office in the State or the United States.
When you are called upon to confirm the nomin-
ation of a district judge, or district attorney, or
district marshal for any State, did it ever occur
to you that his eligibility to the office in question
depended at all upon the provision of the consti-
tution of the State in which he lived or for which
he was appointed, and that you must look there
to learn whether any disabilities are imposed
upon his eligibility?—to learn whether a judge,
or a governor, or a legislator of the State is dis-
qualified for the appointment to any office under
the General Government?—to learn whether by
the constitution of the State he must be twenty-
five, or thirty, or forty years of age?—-or seven,
or nine, or twenty years a citizen of the United
States ?—or to learn whether he must be an inhab-
itant at all of the State at the time, or one year, or
five, or ten years an inhabitant? I presume it
never occurred to any one that such an investiga-
tion was necessary; and for the very obvious
reason, that the Constitution of the United States
is our only guide upon the question of legal qual-
ification; and no less so in respect to Senators or
Representatives than in respect to the President
or any other officer of the United States. That,
and that only, determines the legal capacity or
incapacity, tne legal ability or disability, of those
who constitute the different branches of the Na-
tional Legislature.
The eligibility of a person to any office must
be determined by the Constitution or the law
under which the office was created,and by which
its jurisdiction, and powers, and duties are reg-
ulated and controlled. The eligibility of a State
officer must be determined by the constitution
and laws of the State; and so, too, must the eli-
gibility of a United States officer be determined
by the Constitution and laws of the United States.
The one cannot interfere in any case with the
qualifications for office in the other, any more
than can one independent State or Government
interfere with the qualifications for office in any
other independent State or Government. These
propositions are as undeniable as any moral
axiom can be.
The language of this provision in the consti-
tution of Illinois is very general and comprehen-
sive in its terms, literally embracing within the
inhibition all offices of trust and profit in the
United States, from the presidency itself down
to that of a receivership in the remotest land
offiee.
But it is said that the inhibition is limited to
those offices or places of trust in the United
Statns which the State is authorized to fill by
election, either by its Legislature, or by the pop-
ular vote—thus restricting the inhibition to the
office of Senator and Representatives in Congress,
insomuch us these are the only offices under the
Constitution which the States are authorized to
fill by election or otherwise. The election of
Senator and Representatives to the Federal Legis-
lature was given to the several States for co<rent
and obvious reasons, not essential to our present
purpose to be inquired into. 1 accept tins con-
struction of that prohibitory provision as the
more reasonable one, although such is not its
literal reading. I am the less disposed to combat
this interpretation, as it does not at all affect the
aigument. I imagine, however, that H will not
be seriously questioned that the office of Senator
or Representative in Congress is, in every sense,
quite as much a United States office as that of
judge, or attorney, or marshal, or collector, or
receiver, or any other functionary under the
Federal Constitution. They are all equally the
creatures of the National Government, and not
of the State Government. But the inhibition or
disability pi escribed in the constitution of Illinois
and of many other States is open to a more pal-
pable and urgent objection, on the score of its
validity, as applieable to the office of Senators and
Representatives in the Federal Legislature, than
as applicable to any other United States office,
for the reason that, with the exception of the
offiee of President, the Constitution of the United
Siatesdoes not undertake to prescribe specifically
the conditions or terms of eligibility to any other
Federal office than that of Senators and Repre-
sentatives in the Federal Congress.
If a State may step outride of the United States
Constitution, and impose any disabilities upon its
citizens as to their eligibility to Congress, it may
do so not only for one cause, but for an indefinite
variety of causes, if it may impose this disability
upon its judges, it has equal power to impose the
same disability upon those professing the Roman
Catholic fath, or the Jewish faith, or the Calvm-
istic faith. And this is not answered, and the
distinction in the two cases is not made out, by
saying that this would be in direct conflict with,
and in derogation of, an express provision of the
Federal Constitution, which declares that, "no
religious test shall ever be required as a qualifica-
tion to any office or public trust under the United
States." The reply is, that the State has just
as much power to impose tests of qualification
for office under the United States, which are
expressly prohibited by the Federal Constitution,
and quite as much power to take away or abrogate
those tests of qualification which it expressly pre-
scribes, as it has to superadd other tests which
! are clearly excluded by implication. The power
! to add to, implies the power to take from, the pre-
! scribed tests of qualification; and the power to do
j either implies the power to abolish altogether,
i But wc assume the broad ground that the State
j has no authority to interfere in this matter in any
[_manher whatever.
j' In the first place, it has no such power, bccause
j the Constitution of the United States having pre-
; scribed certain qualifications and imposed certain
j disqualifications for the office of Senator or Repre-
! sentative m Congress, and having thus exercised
the power, it has been exhausted upon that subject.
It comes within a familiar principle, that the enu-
meration of certain requisites of qualification, o*r
of certain disabilities to election, is the negation
of all others, and is equivalent to a positive pro-
hibition of all authority to impose any others.
But, if it be still insisted that, though the State
cannot require tests of qualification which are
expressly prohibited by the Federal Constitution,
; (and religious tests only are prohibited,) and that,
j though the State cannot take away or abrogate
j those requisites of qualification which are ex-
j prcssly prescribed—as, for instance, that a Sen-
j ator shall be thirty years of age, nine years a
| citizen of the United States, and an inhabitant
j of the State for which he shall be chosen—itmay,
] nevertheless, require other tests of qualification,
| or impose other disabilities not expressly pro-
I hibited; there is yet left a very wide latitude for
] State interference. If the State may make the
; person holding the office of judge ineligible to the
j office of Senator or Representative in Congress,
! during the term of the office and a year thereafter,
i it certainly may impose the same disability upon
j any other State officer; it has the same power to
i impose other disabilities upon its citizens in al-
j.niost endless variety — as, that a person shall
i'not be eligible to the Senate until he shall have
| attained to the age of forty instead of thirty years,
! nor unless he shall have been a citizen of the
! United States twenty-one instead of nine years,
! nor, indeed, unless he shall be a native-born citi-
j zen. These tests of qualification are not expressly
; prohibited in the Federal Constitution; nor are
; they m direct conflict or contravention of those
i expressly prescribed in that instrument. They
i are only additional tests of qualification, or ad-
I ditional disabilities to the tests already prescribed,
; by an extension of the constitutional term of
' years of probation.
j To illustrate this point still further: if a State
| may thus disqualify its judges or other officers for
j a seat in either House of Congress—if it may add
j any new tests outside of, and independent of, the
! Federal Constitution—you must admit its power
I to incapacitate any citizen for a seat in the Con-
i gress of the United States who shall be a ciergy-
! man, a. lawyer, a doctor; or unless he be a fiee-
: holder, or slaveholder, or bank stockholder. It
j may go the extravagant and ridiculous length of
' requiring, as a requisite of eligibility, that a per-
; son, to be fit for Congress, must iiave attained
: to the stature of six feet in height, and two hun-
dred pounds weight avoirdupois, and be all right
and sound on the "nigger question!" So that,
when your candidate is about to be selected,
there will be more occasion for the use of the
tape-string and yard-stick, and a set of Fairbanks
! platform scales, wherewith to decide the requi-
i sites of qualification by weight and measure,
! together with a copy of the most approved edition
J of the orthodox catechism on the " peculiar insti-
tution," upon which the candidate is to be put
, through, by way of testing his present faith upon
; that subject, than for any use of that somewhat
' obsolete instrument, called the Constitution of
the United States.
It lias been asserted, with considerable empha-
sis, as though somebody doubted the proposition,
that a State has a right and the power to attach
■ what disabilities and restrictions it pleases upon
' its own officers. That is admitted. But it does
! not follow that a State can impose any obligatory
! inhibition upon any of its citizens against holding
j office under the Government of the United States
i —or of any other State—or even of any foreign
| Government.
I It is further to be observed, that the test of
