2180
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
ft provision in relation to the pay of the clerks in
the Washing-ton navy-yard.
On motion by Mr. Seward, the Senate receded
from their fourth amendment to this bill.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, transmitting a communication
from the Secretary of War, and a report from
Captain M. C. Meigs, asking for an appropria-
tion of $350,000 for the prosecution of the Capi-
tol extension until the close of the next session
of Congress; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
The hour of four having arrived, the Senate
took a recess until six o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jlngust 16, 1856.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
RECESS.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask the consent of
the House to say that, as we must have a long
session to-day, it will be better to provide for it
at once this morning. I propose, therefore, if
there be no objection, that the House shall take
a recess from half past four to seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr.McMULLIN. I hope the gentleman will
modify his proposition, so as to make it from
four o'clock to seven.
Mr. COBB. My only object is to pi ovidc for
the transaction of the business of the IIouso. It
will be necessary that we should impiove all the
time we have to finish the business of the session;
and I think, therefore, the motion had better
stand as I have made it.
There was no objection; and the motion was
received and agreed to.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. GIDDINGS*. T wish to submit a motion
to suspend tho rules, and go into Committee of
the Whole House, for an hour or two, m which
we can do much for the claimants who are in
distress for want of the money which is due them
by the Government. I piopose that the Private
Calendar shall be taken up where wo left off the
other day, and .such bills considered as there shall
be no objection to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am in favor of tho prop-
osition of tliegentleman, hull think we had better
dispose of the bill before the House.
Mr. OUR. I desire to inquire of the Chair
whether the bill regularly before the House is not
the bill making appropriations for the mail
steamers ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ORR. 1 submit, then, that we had bettri
dispose of that bill before the gentleman from
Ohio makes his motion to go into Committee of
the Whole. The Senate ought to have this ap-
propriation bill before them, or it will be lost.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 think we had better de-
vote a couple of hours to the Private Calendar. I
insist on my motion.
Mr, HOUSTON. Is it in order for the gen-
tleman to submit tho motion to suspend the
rules ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. CLIN OMAN. I demand the regular order
of business.
MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill (No. 316)
making appropriations for the transportation of
the United States mail by ocean steamers and
otherwise, during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1857, upon which the previous question
has been ordered. Pending that question, the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Thoringtojj] sub- i
mitted a motion to reconsider the vote by which !
certain bills were referred to a Committee of the
Whole House. The gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] raised the question of order, that the
motion to reconsider could not be received after
the main question had been ordered on the bill
before the House. The Chair overruled the ques-
tion of order, and decided that the motion could
be received and entered, but not considered at this
time. The gentleman from Tennessee appealed
from that decision, and the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Underwood] moved to lay the ap-
peal on the table. The question immediately
before the House is upon the latter motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 ask if the appeal
must not go over with the motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. It does not, in the opinion
of the Chair.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid on the table.
The House then proceeded to the consideration
of the mail steamer appropriation bill, the pend-
ing question being on concurring with the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union in
the following amendment, upon which the yeas
and nays had been ordered:
In Hue nine, insert as follows:
Provided, Thatrthe Secretary of the Navy is hereby direct-
ed to give the notice provided for in the fin-t section of the
act entitled "An act to supply deficiencies m the appiopu-
ations for the service of the Government for the fiscal year
ending the 30th June, 1834," appioved the '20th of June,
1854, to terminate the anansementtor the additional allow-
ance for the transportation ot the United States mail be-
tween New York and Liveipool, in the Collins line of
steamers.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 144, nays 25; as follows:
YEAH—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Bail, Barbour,
Baielay, Harksdale, IJendley >S. Bennett, Bliss, Bowie,
Bojce, Btadshavv, Brunch, Bientori, Broom, Buffinton,
Burnett, Cadwalader, Jamex II. Campbell, John P. Camp-
bell, Carlile, Caiutheis, Caskie, Chaffee, E/aa Clark, daw-
son, Clmgman, Williamson it. W. Cobb, Colfax, Connns,
Covode, Ciagsn, Cuinbuek, Daimell, Davidson, Timothy
Davis Dean, Dick, Dnriee, ICdie. J-ldimnuNon, UdwanK,
Emne, English, EiMis, tivans, Eaulknei, Floienee, Foster,
1 Icin v M. Kuller, Gillicit, (ioodc, <.'iconwood, Glow. Hobfit
1 . Hall, Marian, J Moirwm Dam--, Sampson \V. Hairi<,
Thomas L. llariis Hanson, iiawn, JJcibeit, Hickman,
iiotlunn, ilolloway, Thomas It. lloitou, \ aicntui,'' Jl. lioi-
tou, Houston, Howaid, («eotir<' W. Jonc^, Kuhvell, Knapp,
Kmght, Knowlton, Knox, Knnkol, Lake, Leitet, Letcher,
Lumpkin, Mace, Alexaridei K. Marshall, Uurnphiey Mar-
shall, M.iwvdl, MeCaity, McMullin, MeCiueen, Kilhan
Miller, MiIImjii, a'tchoK, Notion, Otr, Packer, Book, Peiry,
Bettit, Phelps, Bike, Purtei, Bowel!, Pnngle, Quitman, Ki-
eaud, Rtehatdson, Kivers, Uoboits, Ruthn, Rust, Sandidye,
Sapp, Savage, Scott, Shei man, William ^nuth, William II.
Smith, Sneed, Spinnet Stanton, Stephens, Stewart, Tal-
bott, Tappan, Ta\ loi, Todd, Tialton, Trippe, T>«.oti, Un-
(leivvooil, Vail, Valk, Wade, Wallmdge, Wnldson, Walker,
Wat nc:, Cadwaladt'i C. Wash bin ne, i'thlm B. Wa^hbume,
Watson, Window, VVoodiulf, Woodvvonh, Daniel B.
Wught, John V. Wught, and '/olheoflet—1-H.
NAVS — Me^rs Bcn-on, UiJht< huist, Bishop, Bayard
Claike, Dickson, Podd, Granger, Matte-on, Miilw aid, Mor-
gan, Mon ill, Munuv, Andiew Ohvei, Pelton, Ritchie, Sun-
mom, Stianahan, Thui-ton, Wakcuuui, I^aVi Washburn,
Wells, Whectei, Whitney, William^, and Wood—
So the amendment was agreed to.
Pending the call of the loll,
Air. SM 1TH, of Vn^mia, stated that Mr. Bei.l
was detained fiom the House in consequence of
illness.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama, stated that he had
been detained from the House foi several days
past, inconsequence ofi-cAcie indisposition.
Mr. NORTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to, and also
| moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PHELPS moved, the prev^n us question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opeiation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed,and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; winch lat-
ter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, by unanimous
consent, the 10th and 3 7th joint rules were sus-
pended, so that the bill might be considered in
the Senate during the present session.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I now renew the motion
which I made some minutes since, to suspend the
rules, and go into a Committee of the Whole;!
House on the Private Calendar; and in order that [f
the House may vote understanding^, I will state
that I propose to take up the Private Calendar
where we left off the other day, and act upon the
bills as if it were objection day.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw the motion, to enable me to offer
the following resolution:
Whereas, there is a large anfount of unfinished business
remaining on the Private Calendar of the two Houses of
Congress, much of it being for debts against the United
Slates m favor of its citizens, established h> justice and all
the sanctions known to the law and u<age of the nation,
which debts ought to be immediately paid, and only await
the formal order of Congress for their payment: And
whereas, the Congress has passed a law increasing the com-
pensation of its members and providing the salaiy mode of
payment, by which they are paid, as well lor the time Con-
gress does not sit, as for the time it does, making it impera-
tive upon the Congress to finish their business before their
adjournment: Therefore
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled, That the
time of the present session of Congress be extended until
the 31st day of August, instant, for the purpose of disposing
of the unfinished business at present on the Private Calen-
dar of the two Houses respectively, and for the prompt pay-
ment, from an overflowing Treasury, of the debts due by
the United States to its citizens, so that the present Con-
gress may not be pointed at as an example of having made
provision for increasing the debts due by the Government
to its members, and for the immediate payment of-those
debts, whilst it utterly failed to provide for the payment of
the public cieditors, many of whose claims havp been so
long established, and so unconscionably disregarded by
Congress, whose duty it was, and is, to order their pay-
ment; and also to transact such public business as may be
regarded essential to the proper protection, safety, and
support of the Government for the fiscal year beginning on
the 1st day of July, ulumo.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I must decline to yield.
The question was taken on Mr. Giddings's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The.House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar,_ (Mr. Haven in the chair.)
The Chairman stated that thecal! of the Private
Calendar would be resumed where it was last left
otF.
A bill (H. R. No. 381) for the relief of Amos
1j. Corwme.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, from any mo,ney in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Amos B. Corwine,
$27,804 33, in full compensation for moneys ex-
pended by him in forwarding destitute citizens of
the United States from Panama to San Francisco.
From the report, it appears that the memorial-
ist was,during the years 1850,1851,1852, and the
greater part of the year 1853, consul of the Uni-
ted States at Panama, New Granada, and in that
capacity was called upon to relieve the sufferings
of a large number of destitute American citizens,
emigrating to California, who were detained at
the port of Panama by the insufficiency of trans-
portation on the Pacific side, and was required to
supply hundreds of his sick and indigent country-
men with the means of subsistence, and with
shelter during the period of their detention, and
ultimately to forward a portion of them to San
Francisco at his own expense.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House. '
A bill (II. R. No. 383) for the relief of Don
Piatt. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
A bill (H. R. No. 323) for the relief of S.
Knapp. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see.]
A bill (TJ. R. No. 385) for the relief of George
II. Giddings, contractor for carrying the United
States mail on route No. 12900.
The bill authorizes the Postmaster General *to
pay to George H. Guldings, contractor for carry-
ing the mail on route No712900, from Santa Fe,
New Mexico, to San Antonio, Texas, monthly
each way, according to the contract under which
said service is now being performed, the sum of
$33,500, for one year's scrviee, commencing with
18th of August, J855, and continuing one year;
provided, that the Postmaster General, with the
assent of the contractors, be authorized to annul
said contract.
The mail contract on route No. 12900 was
takenottho lettingin March, 1854, by one David
Wasson. The contract was for four years, rom-
mencing on the 1st day of July, 1854, to end the
30th day of June, 1858. The service required by
the contract was the transportation of the mail in
two-horse post-coaches, monthly each way, be-
tween Santa Fe, New Mexico, and San Antonio,
Texas, The compensation for this service was
to be $16,700 per annum.
"Wasson commenced the execution of the con-
tract chiefly on means borrowed from the peti-
tioner, and being unable to execute it, the peti-
