mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
become part and parcel of the law of Congress,
it may be distinctly understood.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the gentleman
from Louisiana has made an explanation. That
explanation is not inconsistent with anything
stated by my colleague. It explains the position
of the Senator, and we shall all accept it. I do
not believe Mr. Sumner intended to put him in a
false position. The Senator from Illinois has
made his explanation. I see nothing in that in-
consistent with my colleague's statement. Mr.
Sumner was striken down on this floor by a bru-
tal, murderous, and cowardly assault 
Mr. BUTLER, in his seat, impulsively uttered
words which Senators around advised him were
not parliamentary, and he subsequently, at the
instance of Senators, requested that the words
might be withdrawn.
Mr. STUART. I call to order.
Mr. "WILSON. Mr. Sumner is confined to
his chamber to-day 
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will take his seat. The Senator from
Michigan will state his point of order.
STUART. It may not become me as one
of the youngest members of this body to inter-
pose; and yet, sir, I regard it as a solemn duty.
I would gladly hearfrom older,moreexperienced,
and abler men. I rise, not to comment on any-
thing that has been said or done, but simply to
exercise a duty which devolves upon me. Inas-
much as there is no question befoio the Senate, I
make the poiiU of order that the discussion shall
end.
Mr. BUTLER. My friends have said what
is entirely ri«ht, that I never before used an epi-
thet here. The subject is not legitimately up. I
gave notice that I intended to speak—and when
I do speak it shall be in calm language—when
the resolutions come up. This mode of attacking
my relative is very trying. I used a word which
I hope will not be put down. I have never used
an epithet on this floor, and therefore I ask that
it may be excused. 1 make the request at the
unanimous instance of my friends.
Mr. STUART. I hope that will be done, and
I also hope that my motives may be appreciated.
1 could not object to gentlemen on the other side
making (heir statements on tins question; but so
soofi as these statements assume a farm which is
likely to involve the Senate, possibly, in a succes-
sion of the difficulties that have already occurred,
I trust every Senator will excuse me, although a
young, inexperienced member, for interposing
and insisting on the rules, and asking that we
may unanimously agree to leave this subject
where it stands.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President •
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state that
it has been the uniform practice of the Senate to
permit St natoi.s Irelmi; a^gneu'd by publications
through the public pres.*, to make Mich explana-
tions as they may deem proper, always confining
themselves, however, to the us«> of parliamentary
language. The Senator from Oiiio and the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts have both used language
that might be r< garded as unparliamentary. The
Senator from Michigan having raised the point
of order, the Chair is under the impression that
the Senator from Massachusetts* was out of order
in using the tenu which he utteied.
Mr. WILSON. I have no desire to transgress
the rules of order, and 1 shall thank any Senator,
or you, sir, to call me to order whenever 1 do so.
The PRESIDENT. The impression prevails
'that the Cluur should interpose when improper i
language is used on this floor. Such the Chair i
does not understand to be its duty; such has not
been the practice. It is for Senatois to decide ■
when improper language is used, and to make '
points of oider; and then the Chair will decide
them. That is the duty of the Chair; but the ;
Chair cannot undertake to measure the language '
that Senators shall employ.
Mr. HALE. I wish to call the attention of
the Chair to one fact, if the Chair has forgotten
it. This question was raised some time ago when
Mr. I'ill more was the President of this body.
The practice of the Senate, as I understand it, up
to that time, lu<d been as the Chair now states.
Mr. Fillmore, however, read a formal paper to
the Senate on the duty of the Chair, which, if
I am not mistaken in my impression, maintained
that it was the duty of the Chair to correct im-
proprieties in debate, and to call to order Senators
guilty of disorderly remarks. When that paper
was read by Mr. Fillmore, the then President of
the Senate, upon motion of the late Vice Presi-
dent, Mr. King, it was accepted as the opinion
of the Senate, and ordered to be placed on their
files and proceedings. I believe it will be found
there. I think I am not mistaken in my recol-
lection of it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, my colleague
is absent; I have stated the reason why he is
absent. He has stated his recollections of that
transaction. He was just recovering from the
effects of blows; he had been rendered uncon-
scious. He may have made mistakes; I think it
possible that he has. He has stated his recollec-
tions under those circumstances. I do not believe
that he intended injustice towards any of the
persons mentioned in that statement. If I thought
so, I would condemn itas soon as any othermem-
ber here.
The Senator from South Carolina has made a
statement this morning of what he intends to do
in regard to the matter. When my colleague
shall have recovered, and shall be able to take his
place in the Senate, he will be ready to meet the
Senator from South Cjr'olnui, or any other Sen-
ator on this floor, in debate on this matter. Any
assumption of superiority by the Senator from
South Carolina, or any other Senator, as to recog-
nition, will pass for what it is worth in the Senate
and the country.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not wish anything to go
out on this occasion, but what I said and intended.
I intended to say what 1 now lepeat, that when
those resolutions come up, I shall speak to them
as coming from a Commonwealth fairly entitled
to my attention. What I may say of that Sen-
ator, I do not now undertake to advertise the
Senate or himself, for I do not know. I shall
endeavor, however, to confine myself to the terms
prescribed by official propriety; and if I trans-
gress them, it will be because I am provoked to
do so. I never have been the aggressor upon this
! floor, and I call upon the Senate to bear me testi-
i mony to that fact.
| Mr. FOSTER. I wish to say one word, and
i I desire that that word may not tend to increase
[ any excitement or provoke any evil passion; but
) after it has been remarked by an honorable inem-
. ber of this body, as I understood the honorable
j Senator from Georgia to remark, that lie approved
] of striking forcibly down in this Chamber a mem-
ber of the Senate, I think it incumbent on me,
I recently a member of this body, and not having
! participated in its debates; to say a word. If I
remained silent under such circumstances, my si-
lence might be misinterpreted; it might be thought
to result from fear of like consequences to myself.
| I wish certainly to disabuse the minds of any
persons on that subject if any such impression
exist.
1 have thus far participated but very slightly in
the debates of tins body. U was more wise, in
' my judgment, as n recent member of the Senate,
; that 1 should listen rather than speak; but if
, Senators do not speak when an intimation of this
1 kind is made—I presume it was not intended, but
others may get a wrong impression in regard to
it — it may seem that silence is produced by a
| passion so base and unworthy as fear. What 1
i say now is only to vindicate the principle, and to
i assert my most entire and perfect belief in the
: freedom of speech here and elsewhere, to be main-
' taincd at whatever price, at whatever cost, and
let whatever maybe the consequences. When
, anything unlike that shall obtain in this country,
theie is nn end to liberty; for, sir, I brieve, as
religiously as I believe anything, that the liberty
of the press, the liberty of speech, and the liberty
of the people, will live and will die together.
i The PRESIDENT. The hour has arrived for
' the consideration of the special order; and unless
the Senate direct otherwise it must be taken up.
j Mr. STUART. I hope the. Senate will pro-
ceed to the consideration of the special order.
! Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to say a
: word in reference to the question which has been
under consideration 
Mr. MASON. Unless there is to be a general
debate on this subject, m which I should be very
strongly disposed to participate, I hope the
Senate will proceed to the consideration of the
special order
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not occupy more
than five minutes.
Mr. HALE. I move to postpone the special
order.
Mr. ADAMS. When the committee make
their report, we can hear all that gentlemen de-
sire to say.
Mr. HALE. I think we ought to hear it
now.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
motion of the Senator from New Hampshire to
postpone the special order.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS.. 1 have no disposition to sup-
press the expression of the sentiment of Senators
on this subject, when the proper time shall ar-
rive; but I think it is premature now. When the
committee shall have made their report, the sub-
ject will be fairly before theSenate, and Senators
can then express their views.
The yeas and nays being taken, resulted—yeas
11, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs*. Collamcr, Foot, Foster, Hale, Hamlin,
Harlan, Seward, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—
li.
NAYS— Messrs. Adams, Allen, Cell of Tennessee, Bei>-
hmm, Biirgs Bright, Biown, Butler, Cass>, Cuttenden,
Dodge, Douglas, Evans, Fitzpatuck, Geycr, Hunter, Jvcr-
son, Joim&on, Mason, Peaice, Pratt, Real, Shdell, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jersey, Touccy, YVeller, Wnght, and
Yulee—29.
So the motion to postpone the special order
was not agreed to.
: j The PRESt DENT. The special order is the
i, bill for the improvement of the mouth of the
Mississippi river, on which the Senator from
Georgia has the floor.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
' Mr. CASS. The Senator from Georgia [Mr.
i Toombs] has been good enough to permit mo to
I ask leave of the Senate to make an explanation
j somewhat personal to myself. It will be recol-
! lectcd that about two weeks since extracts of .a
letter from Mr. Crampton, the British Minister
to this Government, were published in the Union.
I alluded to them then, and intended to have done
so more distinctly at the time, but the Senate was
particularly occupied, and I did not wish to tres-
pass on its time. The whole letter has now been
published; and I will ask the permission of the
Senate to have it read from the British Blue Book,
containing the papers m relation to the Central
American treaty.
The PRESIDENT. There is a question before
the Senate, and it will require unanimous consent
for the Senator from Michigan to proceed.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Michigan
asked my permission to occupy the time of the
Senate, which I am perfectly willing to grant if
it be the pleasure of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. CASS. I had, before I addressed the
Senate, the permission of the Senator from Geor-
gia, who was good enough to say that I might
occupy the attention of the Senate for a few mo-
nicnts. I ask that this letter of the British Min-
ister may be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
[No. 143.] Mr. Crampton to the Ecu I of Malmesbury. Re-
ceived January 27. Extract.
Washington-, January 10, 1853.
I had the honor to inclose to your lordship, in my dis-
patch of the 2d I'.stant, the copy of a resolution o/Teied in
the Senate of tlw [Jnited States by Geneial Cass, respect-
ing the establishment of a new Bntish colony at lloatan
Island, and the supposed violation of tlie treaty signed at
Washington on the 19th of Apul, 1850, which such an es-
tablishment, in his opinion, would involve. In pursuance
of tnis lesolution, the Piesident has communicated to Con-
gress, in a message, a copy of which I have the honor to
inclose,the correspondence which took place between Sir
Ilenry Bulwur and Mr. Clayton upon the subject of Butish
Honduras and its dependencies, pievious to the exchange
of the lauhcauons of that treatv.
Phis communication has given lise to a debate in the
Senate on the subject of the treaty in question, and in
which Gencial Cas*, as well as other Senator-1, expressed
then suipnse at the nature of the mtoimation conveyed by
the President's message, and averring their entire ignoiance
of the existence of any coirffepondence between Sir Henry
Buhvei and Mr Clayton on the subject of Honduras, de-
clared that had they been aware the provisions of the treaty
were to be interpreted as not applying to that colony, they
never would have acquiesced m its la ideation by the Sen-
ate. Geneia! Cass concludes by animadverting upon Mr.
Clayton's conduct, and ch'iigmg with having willful I v con-
cealed from the Senate the conespondence in question,
and with having consequently madG to Sir Ilenry Bulwera
