582'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
instance: The Constitution of the United States
declares that the President "shall hold his office
during the term of four years." Itfurther declares,
that "he shall, at stated times, receive for his
services a compensation, which shall neither be
increased nor diminished during; the period for
which he shall have been elected." The word
period here is synonimous with term; and the
period or term for which he is elected is four
years; and his compensation- shall neither be in-
creased nor diminished during that time. Does
this mean that his compensation shall not be di-
minished during the term of his office—during
the four years, whether he holds the office through
the term or not ? That is the literal reading of the
clause. But is that its reasonable or sensible
interpretation ? Most clearly it is not. The word
period here is to be construed with reference to his
continuance in the office. If he resigns at the end
of a year, nobody can suppose that the compen-
sation would be continued to him through the
whole term of four years. The only sensible
construction of this language, saying that his
compensation shall not be diminished during the
period or term for which he shall have been
elected, is, that it shall not be diminished during
the term or period of his continuance in officc.
The compensation follows the officer—the Presi-
dent, and not the period 01* term of the office. The
language is as explicit in this case, that his com-
pensation shall not be diminished during the/cm
for which the President shall have been elccted,
as it is in the other case, that the judges shall not
be eligible to any other office during the term for
which they shall have been elected; and both alike
are to be interpreted with reference to the term
or period of the continuance of the person in the
office. This, I repeat, is the only sound and
reasonable construction that can -be given to the
language used in either of these instances. I shall
froceea no further in the argument of this cask,
n any view that I have been able to take of the
questions involved in it, I am constrained by the
clearest convictions of my judgment to vote for
the resolution offered by my honorable friend from
Kentucky, [Mr. Chittenden,] declaring that
Lyman Trumbull is entitled to retain his seat in
this body as a Senator from the State of Illinois.
Mr. PEARCE. I beg leave to say a very few
words. It is not my intention to argue the ques-
tion which has been so fully aud satisfactorily
argued already ; I desire only to make a very
brief statement in reply to a suggestion which fell
from the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh.] That
Senator, in stating that various States of the Union
had constitutional provisions similar to this in
the constitution of Illinois, made some allusion
to the State of Maryland, and suggested that a
provision somewhat akin to the Illinois restriction
was to be found in our State constitution. I
suppose he has not very carefully examined it,
or he would not have made the statement. There
is a provision in the constitution of Maryland,
the effect of which, and the language of which 1
believe is, that where a person holding an olHec
under the constitution of Maryland shall be
elected either to the Senate or to the House of
Representatives, his acceptance of that office shall
vacate his office under the State government.
That is the effect of the provision of the constitu-
tion of Maryland to which he referred.
When our new constitution was formed in
1851, this question was deliberately considered.
There was a proposition, singular as it may seem,
introduced into the convention providing that the
State should be laid off into senatorial districts,
and that the Senators of Maryland in the Con-
gress of the United States should be elected alter-
nately from those districts; but it met with very
little favor. The question was argued at length
on the same grounds on which it has been argued
here; and the opinion of almost every man of dis-
tinction in the convention concurs with that which
was so well pronounced yesterday by the Sen-
ator from Connecticut, [Mr. Toucey.] Among
others, Judge Chambers—one of the most emi-
nent jurists of our State, and long a member of
this body; General Howard, formerly and for
many years a member of the House of Represent-
atives; Governor Grason, recently Governor of
the State of Maryland—all gentlemen eminent in
their respective spheres, and all competent to dis-
cuss such a question as this—agreed fully in the
opinion that the qualifications of a Senator were
to be found in the Constitution of the United
States, and nowhere else. I mention this only
to rebut the inference which may be drawn from
the allusion to the State of Maryland which was
made by the Senator from Ohio. I cannot add
a word which would give any force or effect to
the argument of the various gentlemen who have
expressed the same opinion.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, it is a matter
entirely unimportant to any person here, but it
may excite some interest elsewhere, and therefore
I beg leave to say that, in the case of Mr. Tall-
madge, formerly a member of this body, he was
elected while a member of the Senate of the State
of New York, and I was a member of the Legis-
lature at the time. I assumed and maintained,
on that occasion, the opinion which has been
defended with so much ability here by the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Ohio. In expressing a differ-
ent opinion now, and giving a vote in opposition
to the opinion which I expressed so long ago, I
have only to say that my mind has undergone a
change on further examination of the subject.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, it is not my
purpose to go into the discussion of this question,
but simply to state the reasons for the vote which
I expect to give in this case. In addition to the
reason given by the Senatorfrom South Carolina,
[Mr. Butler,] and the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr. Toucey,] I have this to say, that, if a ques-
tion arises as to the eligibility of a member under
any qualification prescribed by the Constitution
of the United States, I judge of that for myself,
as a member of this body; but if the question of
eligibility arises from the construction of the
constitution or laws of a particular State, I take
it for granted that the construction which the
State places upon it is correct, and I act upon it,
without regard to the question whether I would,
as a member of the State Legislature, have de-
cided in the same way or not. We decided, if I
recollect correctly, by a unanimous vote of the
Senate in the Florida contested-election case, in
1852—where it was contended, with much plausi-
bility, that blanks should not be counted—that,
the Legislature of Florida having determined that
they should be counted, we must take their con-
struction of their own laws and their own consti-
tution. I therefore look upon it as a settled
question, that the action of the Legislature of a
State is binding upon this body, so far as their
State constitution and laws arc concerned; and
that we will take it for granted, and not inquire
whether they have decided right or wrong accord-
ing to our notions.
If a question arises in reference to any qualifi-
cation prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States, it would be different; but concur-
ring, as I do, with the views expressed by the
Senators to whom I have referred, and entertain-
ing the additional view that the action of the
Legislature in the election of the incumbent was
a construction of their constitution and the rights
of the parties under it, I will not go beyond their
action and inquire whether it was right or not. I
do not consider that as fairly before us under the
opinion which I have already expressed.
Mr. HALE. I did not intend to say a word on
this subject. I have listened to the tie bate with
some attention; but the Senator from Mississippi,
who has just taken his seat, it strikes me, occu-
pies precisely the ground on which I stand; and
1 will occupy but a single moment in stating my
views.
I believe it belongs to us to judge of the quali-
fications prescribed by the Constitution of the
United States. Those we are to settle authorita-
tively. If there arc any others which address
themselves to the tribunals of the State, the State
tribunals arc the exclusive judges of the qualifi-
cations required by their own constitution. 1 be-
lieve that, whatever the constitution of Illinois
may mean, the Legislature of the State of Illinois
is the ultimate and final tribunal to settle it.
They have settled it; and, as they have settled it,
their action is conclusive; and I place myself
upon this ground. I believe none of the gentle-
men who have spoken before the Senator from
Mississippi have taken it. In this view, it makes
no difference whether the constitution of Illinois
does or does not apply. If it does no.t apply, it
is out of the case. If it does apply, the only tri-
bunal which has the right to decide the meaning
of this clause of the constitution of Illinois has
decided it; and the Legislature of the State of Illi-
nois having settled it, the Senator is entitled to
his seat. In either view, I can support the res-
olution.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I desire to trouble
the Senate with only one or two observations in
reply in closing the debato on the general qus-
tion.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] has
stated the main proposition in favor of the sitting
member in the most distinct terms in which it is
possible to state it. Thccase for the sitting mem-
ber must stand on that proposition or it must fall.
His proposition is, that the right to prescribe
qualifications is derived from that power which
constitutes the office.
Now, Mr. President, who made the Constitu-
tion of the United States ?—for it seems to have
been taken for granted on one side of this dis-
cussion that it is the act of the people of the
whole Union, acting as one people, making a
law, in the language of the Senator from Con-
necticut, conferring upon the Legislatures of the
• States the right to elect a Senator. Sir, it was
adopted by conventions of the people in separate
States.
Mr. TOUCEY. I hope the Senator will allow
me to correct him.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly,
Mr. TOUCEY. I did not advancc the propo-
sition that it was a grant by the people of the
whole Union; very far from it. But i say it is
a grant of the people of Illinois, through the chan-
nel of the Constitution of the United States, of
a power which they cannot afterwards withdraw,
dimmish, or modify.
Mr. PUGH. I am happy to be corrected; I
shall, therefore, so far as the Senator from Con-
necticut is concerned, pass him over and address
myself to his proposition in another connec-
tion.
I ask again, who made the Constitution of the
United States ? The people of the several States
in convention. Their Legislatures did not make
it. Their Legislatures could not make it. When
it was proposed to the people of the United States
for adoption, it was not referred to the Legis-
latures; it was referred to conventions; and yet
the Senator from Now York [Mr. Seward] says
that the Constitution of the United States does
not know any such body as a State convention*
Sir, the Constitution of the United States is the
constitution of every State in this Union, adopted
precisely as their State constitution was adopted.
To be sure, in the case of some State constitu-
tions, they have been afterwards submitted to a
vote of the people; but in some of them that was
not, the case.
I say, therefore, that the Constitution of the
United States has no authority over the peoplo
of any State which its own constitution has not.
They are adopted, so far as that State is con-
cerned, by the same authority. The power pro-
ceeds from the same source; and when they havo
made grants to the General Government by tho
Constitution of the United States, they have gone
on to make grants to their own State government
by their own State constitution. Then I accept
the proposition of the Senator from Vermont, and
I ask, whence comes the authority to create a
Senator of the United States? Has it been given
to the State of Illinois by her sister States? Has
it been given to her by a numerical majority
of the people of the Union at large? It has been
given by her own people in convention, when
they ratified the Constitution of the United States;
and in like manner, when by the same authority
they proceeded to frame their own organic law,
thev have prescribed what their Legislature is.
The Senator from New York says that the
Constitution of the United States has elevated tho
Legislature of the State above the people of tho
State, above the constitution of the State; and
the Senator from Connecticut said—I hope in this
instance I do not misrepresent him—that where-
ever the Legislature in fact exists, that body of
men had a right to electa Senator. Is it pre-
tended that the members elect of the Legislature
could meet in one chamber, and, after choosing a
chairman of their own, could elect a Senator in
the Congress of the United States? Is it pre-
tended that they could elect a Senator until they
had taken the oath of office as members of the"
Legislature? And what is that oath? To sup-
