lt&8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
States, he holds that a vessel proceeding from the
State of Georgia to the State of Mississippi,
through the mouth of the Mississippi river,'and
up the river to the State of Mississippi, could be
taxed by the State of Louisiana for passing by
the mouth of the river?
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no doubt of it at all.
It has been done by eight States.
.Mr. BENJAMIN. Could it be done when
the-vessels did not touch Louisiana at all, but
passed directly up, on the public waters ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I know the clause to which
the Senator refers; but he gives it a forced ap-
plication. It is a question which has been argued
in Congress twenty times.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand the gentle-
man to say, that the State of Louisiana can levy
tonnage duties on commerce between Georgia
and Mississippi, or Georgia and Tennessee.
Mr. TOOMBS. For her own purposes of im-
provement, by the consent of Congress. This
is the very object for which the power of levy-
ing tonnage duties was given, as the debates m
the Federal Convention show.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The power to levy tonnage
duties on vessels of any particular State, was, as
I have always understood, given for the purpose
of allowing that State to make local improvements.
I am now referring to the case where waters,
which are public to the whole United States, shall
be passed through by a vessel on its way from
one State to another; and I ask whether that ves-
sel can be taxed by an intervening State which
happens to lie on those waters ?
Mr. TOOMBS. By the consent of Congress,
certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. There is one difficulty with
me on this subject that I have always had, and I
am sure thatmy friend from Louisiana will answer
me whon I state it to him. What prevents Mis-
sissippi and Louisiana from entering into a com-
pact to-morrow to open the mouth of the river,
by the consent of the Congress ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will tell the Senator.
The difficulty about the matter is this: The mouU
of the river Mississippi is common to all the Ter-
ritory of the United States, and the navigation
of the mouth of the Mississippi cannot be taxed.
When the land on the Mississippi river belonged
to a foreign country, it was held by this Govern-
ment as a true principle of international law, that
the people and country lying above on the stream,
had a right to free passage to the sea; that they
could not be obstructed by those who had pos-
session of the mouth of the stream; that they
could not be subjected to impositions, tolls, or
imposts of any kind 
Mr, BUTLER. That is not my question.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is not the rule.
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to put my question
distinctly, and to have it answered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to understand the
Senator's question.
Mr. BUTLER. What is there to prevent
Missouri and Illinois from entering' into a com-
pact, with the conscnt of Congress, for keeping
the Mississippi clear along their borders? What
is there to prevent Kentucky and Arkansas from
entering into a similar compact to keep it clear
between their boundaries ? Is there anything to
prevent Mississippi, Arkansas, and Louisiana,
from entering into a compact to open it, whether
they charge for it or not, if they think it im-
portant?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand perfectly
well that, by the consent of Congress, two or
three States could join together and make an
improvement of any kind; any one State can do
it; but the question is whether a work which is
for the benefit of the entire United States ought
to be done by one State, or by one or two States,
alone? That is the point.
Mr. BUTLER. That does not answer my
question. It has never been answered. I have
heard others maintain the same proposition. If
it is so important—if the Mississippi is to fertilize
the whole land, and the people who live along its
borders are so much interested in sending their
products through its mouth—what is to prevent
them from doing it themselves ? Nothing, except
that it is easier for them to get the work done
out of the Treasury of the United States, which
is a better place for them, perhaps.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly the States of
Mississippi and Louisiana could agree to move
obstructions to navigation in the Black sea, if
the requisite consent were given.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not intend to Speak on
this subject, except upon one point. I have
given offense even in the city of Charleston, by
saying that I could not vote for $50,000 for the
improvement of its harbor. My friend from
Georgia is right in his position, and I agree with
him, that every city which can get the money is
willing to break down sound doctrine in order to
do so. 1 made use of an expression on this floor
a short time ago, that so far as regarded the Mis-
sissippi and its valley, it was a great interest, and
I used, in this connection, a phrase which has
been perverted. I said " Ay, they would, like
Egyptians, make it a god;" but it has got into
my papers that " I would make ita god "—rather
more power than I ever assumed to myself.
I think the Senator from Georgia has well
said, that if there were no constitutional restric-
tion whatever on this point; if we held the un-
disputed power to'administer the public funds in
this way, I would Hot commit it to Congress,
having such varied interests, which may combine
to take from one part its fair share and distribute
it among others. You might as well say, that,
where there is a source of fertility upon three
farms, by a combination of two it can be dis-
posed of to the exclusion of the third.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will my friend from South
Carolina allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire the opinion of the
Senator from South Carolina on the constitutional
question which I propounded to the Senator from
Georgia, whether Congress can give the State of
Louisiana power to levy tonnage duties on a ves-
sel passing from Georgia to Mississippi, through
the mouth of the Mississippi river?
Mr. BUTLER. 1 have not studied that part
of the subject, But I am inclined to think that,
when you once have ingress and egress, it ought
to be free, and that Indiana or Louisiana ought
not to have the power of imposing taxes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My friend from Georgia
proposes that we make this improvement, and
pay for it by levying tonnage duties. 1 object
that Congress cannot give us the power to levy
such tonnage duties.
Mr. BUTLER. But I understand the Senator
to say m one breath, that it is so common that
it does not belong to his people exclusively.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Undoubtedly.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not see why it could not
be done according to the view of the Senator
from Georgia; but I will not give any definite
view oil that point.
Mr. DURKEE. I wish to call the attention
of the Senator from Georgia to one point, and
to ask his opinion as to whether the operation of
a tonnage-duty system, such as he suggests,
would be equal upon the whole United States?
An appropriation for the city of New York,
under his system, would be repaid by a tax on
the commerce centering at that city. A very
great proportion of the goods imported into the
United States, are brought into the port of New
York — pei haps all the goods consumed in the
western States. All these goods must be taxed
to pay for the improvement, and it will therefore
fall heavily on the consumers throughout the
United States. Then what is its operation if
you go west of New York? You must have a
harbor at Buffalo, and at other points, which are
to be paid for in the same manner. In this way,
Wisconsin must help to build harbors in Michi-
gan, and those in the far-off western States will
pay more taxes than others, because they have
to pay for the improvement of all the interme-
diate harbors. This, I think, is unequal. I
believe, in fact, that any system which can be
introduced for the improvement of harbors will
be unequal, and will have its difficulties. The
great point to determine is, which is attended
with the least difficulty ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I will answer the Senator from
Wisconsin with pleasure. He is entirely mis-
taken in his view, I think. If tonnage duties be
levied at New York by the consent of Congress,
they will be for the purpose of improving the nav-
igation, and they will be paid by the ship owner,
or by the merchant. Then, as the Senator says,
that tax will be distributed all over his constit-
uents. There is exactly where it ought to go to
be equal. It is distributed on every man accord-
ing 10 his consumption. It enters into the price
of goods, as one element. Every man in the
Senator's State will pay for the improvementpre-
cisely in proportion as he is benefited by it. If
he consumes one pound of tea, he will pay the
proportion for one pound. If he is more extrav-
agant, and consumes ten pounds, ho will pay ten
timeg as much. If 1 consume no goods from
New York, I pay nothing. Thus the system
works equally and fairly.
The same remark is true in regard to Buffalo,
to which the Senator has alluded. If acitizen of
his State is going to Buffalo, and you cheapen
the transportation of commodities, the man who
carries them gets the benefit; and just in propor-
tion as he is benefited, he pays. He uses a light;
a rock is taken out of the way for his vessel, and
he pays for it just the tax which is necessary to
accomplish the object, and that tax is distributed
equally and exactly among all the people who
derive the benefit of it. If the Senator derives
no benefit, it will never hurt him. If you lay a
tonnage for the improvement of the Savannah
river, and his constituents use none of the goods
which pay that tonnage duty, it will never hurt
them; but if they do consume them the tax will
be distributed as accurately as duties on imports
can be discriminated. This is the effect of the
system which I have suggested.
Mr. DURKEE. But the idea which I meant
to bring out is this: a gentleman in Georgia is
taxed for the improvement of New York harbpr;
the goods imported into New York from abroad
are subject to duty in New York, and hence the
gentleman from Georgia is taxed.
Mr. TOOMBS. And ought to be.
Mr. DURKEE. I think" it is unequal.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; it is equal.
Mr. DURKEE. But, as the Senator says, it
is a benefit to the city of New York to have half
a million of dollars expended there, and the peo-
ple of the whole Union are taxed for their benefit.
This is the inequality to which I have alluded.
Mr. TOOMBS. The objection which I have to
the gentleman's position is, that under the system
which 1 oppose, the people of the whole Union
are taxed, and but a part of the people get the
benefit, if I receive goods from New York, it is
very proper that I should pay the proportion of
tonnage duty levied on goods in New York. I
am perfectly willing to do it; it is just. But I say,
that a person who lives in New Orleans, and gets
no goods through New York, ought not to pay
for the improvement at New York. I am willing
to pay my portion. It is an clement which enters
into the price of everything that comes from New
York; but I would not lay it on the people of
Wisconsin, if they did not consume those goods.
If they were unable, or did not choose, to consume
foreign goods, they ought not to be taxed for
them. We ought not to put a tax on the hard
labor of honest industry, who, perhaps, cannot
consume the foreign goods. If the tax is ever
removed from the merchant, itgets exactly on the
shoulders of the mail who is benefited, and will
never get on anybody else; it will follow him like
his shirt. This will be the effect of the system
which I have suggested.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If I understand my
friend from Georgia,he admits that improvements
for the common defense are national objects, and
that the public money may be expended in con-
structing such fortifications. Now, I ask him if
the benefit of that is equally distributed ? Iiis
constitutional idea seems to demand not only that
the system of taxation shall be equal, but that no
man shall be required to pay more than his ade-
quate proportion of the taxes. If that is not suf-
ficient to produce all the equality intended by the
Constitution, and if we are compelled to make r.o
other improvements than those the benefits of
which can be distinctly traced equally to every
tax-paying citizen of the United States, where and
when is there an improvement that can be made?
This Government, on such a theory, is a barren,
lifeless trunk—forbidden to do good—forbidden
to advance the great national necessity which has
created it, and which pays for it. Congress can "
do nothing on this principle.
Let us apply the principle to the admitted
constitutional power of improving our sea-board
frontier, so as to guard against the incursions or
