2182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 16,
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] I do not feel disposed
to take the responsibility of defeating this appro-
priation bill; but I wish the House to understand
that there are some four or five millions of dol-
lars involved in these amendments. If these
amendments go to the committee of conference
upon a general disagreement to all, a single vote
will be taken, when the committee report, upon
agreeingordisagreeingto the amendments. Now,
the committee of conference, if appointed now,
would have no indication as to what amendments
of the Senate the House desires to agree or dis-
agree to. The House is cut off from all oppor-
tunity of expressing its opinion in detail upon
them. I confess that I would rather sit all night
and Sunday until twelve o'clock, than adopt this
wholesale way of disposing of these amendments.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Does my colleague ob-
ject? I think he has had as much to do with
throwing- obstacles in the way of these appro-
friation oills as any other member of this House.
wish to know whether he objects ?
Mr. STANTON. As my colleague challenges
me to object, I do object.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Ohio will hear me, I will propose that he
call the previous question upon these amend-
ments, and then we will have them read over, and
have a vote of the House upon them separately
without debate. It is an extraordinary course, I
know; but we are in an extraordinary condition,
and, therefore, I make the suggestion. The
House, under that course, may agree to some of
the amendments, and refer those to which it dis-
agrees to a committee of conference.
Mr. MILLSON. I am inclined to think, from
what has just passed before us, that the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] who made objec-
tion, did not seriously intend to make objection;
but fancying that he was challenged by his col-
league to make an objection, he did so because
some little personal feeling or pride of position
was involved. I beg leave to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, who may feel disposed to make
objection to the proposed proceeding, that this
course is one exceedingly common in this Hall,
especially at this peiiod of the session; and the
gentleman will find that, while the present couise
is well calculated to save time, the difficulties
which he suggests will not be avoided by the
adoption of the mode which lie indicated just
now; for if we concur or non-concur in many
amendments of the Senate, at last all those v/jfl
be subject to the action of the committee of con-
ference, and we shall in the end be compelled to
vote upon the report of that committee as a whole.
And I suggest to the gentleman from Ohio that
we obtain a decided advantage in the conference
by objecting to all the amendments of the Senate,
for then in the committee we may recede from
a number of them, and use our disposition to
recede as a reason for urging the Senate to recede
from some of their amendments.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend the
rules is not debatable, unless by general consent.
Mr. STANTON. My purpose in rising before
was to indicate to the House what the result of
this mode of proceeding would be; and I did not
intend, until challenged to do so by my colleague,
to interpose any objection. I will now withdraw
my objection.
Mr. MILLSON. Then there is no objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
there is no objection. %
Mr. FLAGLER. It will be in order, I sup-
pose, to ask for a separate vote upon any amend-
ment where it is desired *
The SPEAKER. The amendments arc to be
considered together, by tho unanimous consent of
the House, just given, as the Chair understood.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to know what will
be the effect of such an order of the House re-
ferring the amendments to a committee of confer-
ence? Will the committee be bound by the action
of the House upon the amendments ?
The SPEAKER. The whole matter will be
m the discretion of the committee of conference.
Mr. MACE. If the proposition is to disagiee
to these amendments in the aggregate, and then
refer the whole matter to a committee of confer-
ence, I object.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio has been adopted by general con-
sent.
Mr. FLAGLER. We can have the amend-
ments read?
The SPEAKER. They will be read if request-
ed.
Mr. FLAGLER. I call for the reading of
them.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman from New York
requires that the amendments shall be read, I
suppose that the House can, with the consump-
tion of but little more time, vote upon them as
they are reported by the Clerk.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman from New
York insists upon the reading of the amendments,
I will withdraw my motion, and move the previ-
ous question upon the amendments. I wish to
know whether the gentleman insists upon his
demand ?
Mr. FLAGLER. I think that the amendments
ought to be read; but if we can have a separate
vote upon any amendments we may designate, I
am willing that the vote shall be taken in gross
upon the others.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The Senate amendments were then reported
by the Clerk; upon which action was had as fol-
lows:
First amendment:
Page 2, line six, strike oat the word " correct," and in-
sert in lieu thereof the word " connect;" so as to make
the clause read :
For tunning a hue to connect the tiiangulation on the
Atlantic coast wait that on the Gulf of Mexico, across tiie
Flouda peninsula, $15,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
Add to tin- clause making appropriation for repairing
eeifam public building in Philadelphia, and for purchasing
a site fot a budding foi the accommodation of the United
Status couih m Baltimore, &c., the following:
And tint further .--urn ol ^67,000 to enable the President
to puiehasc the lot, and repair the building thereon, con-
ditionally purchased by him of the Merchants' Exchange
Company lor a post ofhee in the said city of Baltimore.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Third amendment:
Strike out the word u building," and insert the word
" buildings so as to make the paragraph m relation to the
United States com tat Baltimore read:
Prouulwlj That no [tart ot the money shall be applied for
the erection of Mich buddings uuUl, &c.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
P.ujr ten, after line   mhteen, insert:
To enable the Seeretaiy of the Treasury to purchase for
the I 'iiited States Hie lot m the rear of the maune hospital
at Mobile, Alabama, $(j,0U0.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Insert as follows :
Foi eoinph ting tin: marine hospital at Cincinnati, Ohio,
000.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Tnsert as follows .
For lnipioving Batteiy and Washington streets and road-
way O. P , aiomid (he custom-house at San Francisco,
California, $1.3,101 3U.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Sti ike out the woids, u for flagging the sidewalks and all
the aiea^, tenaee, cm b stone tor three streets, building
three vaults, and completing the stone bahwiade ol the
custom-house at < hncinn.ui, Ohio, $20,009 90," and insert in
lieu thcicofthe following.
Foi completing the custom- house and post office budd-
ings at Cincinnati, Ohio, with all tin' necessary additions,
appendages, and accommodations, $35,000.
Mr. HARRISON. I ask that the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of the Treasury may be
read.
Objection was made.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
I'acc 11, hue ten, after word " dollars," strike out the fol-
lowing:
Provided, That it shall not be lawful, after the loth day
of Novembei, m the year JtfoO, for any officer m commission
in the miliraiy service of the United States to have ehaige
of or to he employed as assistant superintendent or aiclutcct
in the construction of the building for which tins appropri-
ation is made, nor tor any other custom-house, or marine
hospital, mint, po-t office, court-house, Capitol extension,
or other public building, except such as pertain to the mili-
tary defense of the United States : Jind provided further,
That from and after tiie said loth day of November, 1856,
the general supervision of the construction of the Capitol
and Post Office extensions shall be transferred from the
Secretary of War to the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. BALL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edie and
Barksdale were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 83, noes 69.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
For inclosing and grading the lot, constructing pave-
ments and cisterns, and uitroducing gas for the custom-
house at Oswego, New York, j$5,000.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
For fencing and grading the grounds, completing and
furnishing the custom-house at Barnstable,Massachusetts,
$9,870 80.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eleventh amendment:
For bridging the Kenduskeag liver on each side of the
custom-house, at Bangor, Maine, from the middle bridge to
the lower budge, $5,300.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby authorized
to sell the old custom-house and lot, at Piovidence, Rhode
Island, and apply the proceeds thereof to the purchase of
land for the enlargement of the site of the custom-house
now being constructed at that place; or to exchange said
oftl custom-house aud lot for land for the enlargement of
said site, if, in the opinion of said Secretary, it shall be
more advantageous.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
After line two hundied and thirty-eight, insert:
That the officers of the late surveying and exploring ex-
pedition to the China seas, and BchrnigV straits, who, under
the orders of the Secretary of the Navy, performed the
duties of grades higher than their own respectively, shall
be entitled to receive, in lieu of the pay of their own grades,
the pay of the grades whose duties they performed, respect-
ively, tor and during the tune they pertoimed the same;
and that the >ame be paid out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appiopriated.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
In the clause for the completion of the marine hospital at
NewOileans, in addition to the appropriation heretofore
made by the act approved August 4,1854, $86,3*22 10, strike
out"$H6,322 10," and insert:
One hundred and fifty-one thousand six hundred and
flfty-nme dollars and twenty cents: Provided, That the
Seeretaiy of the Treasury shall be authorized to direct the
said hospital to be built either of iron or brick, or of both
materials and fire-proof, as in his discretion he may deem
best ad.ipted to the climate.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
For completing the custom-house at Norfolk, Virginia,
$54,653 53: Provided, That the proceeds that shall be re-
ceived from the sale of ihe present custom-house shall be
paid into the Treasury of the United States.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Foi enlarging the building provided by law to be con-
structed at Bristol, Rhode Island, for a post office and
court-house, ovei the plan adopted under the appropriation
heretolore made, and so modifying said plan as,m theopm-
ion of the Secretary of the Treasury, the public conveni-
ence shall require, $7,500, and ten per centum on the same
lor contingencies : Provided, That such enlargement and
modification shall be completed within the sums heretofore
and hereby appropriated.
The amendment was concurred in..
Seventeenth amendment:
For alteration and improvement of the court-room in the
City Hall of the city of Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, the sum ol $-2,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
For continuing the Capitol extension. $750,000.
For continuing the spading and planting with trees the
unimproved portions of the Mall, $10,000,
The amendment was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
For continuing the works on the Washington aqueduct,
$500,000.
Mr. BOWIE. I call for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 76, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright. Barbour, Barksdale,
HendleyS. Bennett, Bilhnghurst." Boeock. Bowie, Bojee,
Bianch, James H. Campbell, Lewi«. 1) Campbell, Baysud
Claike, Ezra Clark, dawson, Chngman, Craige, Cullen,
I)a\idson, Denver, Dick, Dickson, Edrnundson, Eusti«,
Fdulkner, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fullci, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Giddmgs, Goode, Robert B. Hall, Thomas L.
