1856.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
583
port their State constitution as well as the Con-
stitution of the United States.
I ask again, does any man pretend that the
members of tiie Legislature—taking the illustra-
tion of my distinguished friend from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Butler,]—on their being elected,
couiil assemble together according to their own
will and by a majority vote, or otherwise consti-
tute a Senator? No, sir; they must select.him
according to the forms prescribed by their own
State. In some States Senators are elected by
the concurrent -voice of the two Houses of the
Legislature, separately expressed in other States,
by a joint vote of the two Houses sitting to-
gether; and in others, by a majority of all the
members elected meeting in general convention;
and in others they have been elected by a plurality
vote; and,as I stated the other day, that is the case
with two Senators now sitting m this body.
Has the Constitution of the United States pre-
scribed these things? How are they to be de-
cided? You must ascertain what the Legislature
of the State is. Does it consist merely of the
men who have been elected members? No, sir.
It consists of them, after they have taken the
appropriate oath of office, and have been assem-
bled in their separate chambers, according to the
forms prescribed in the law of their creation.
The law of their creation is the State constitu-
tion. They cannot express legislative will in any
other way. They cannot act in any other way.
They can neither pass a law nor elect an officer
either for this body or for themselves, except in
the mode prescribed in the law of their creation.
Until gentlemen can convince me that the creature
is superior to the creator; until they can convince
me that a body corporate can act contrary to the
law of its incorporation; until they can convince
me that the Legislature of a State (which is a
Legislature only when it acts according to the
forms prescribed by its authors) can act in a dif-
ferent form, they cannot convmcc me, fur one,
that the Constitution of the United States has
conferred a power merely upon men as such to
act 112 opposition to the direction and instruction
which they have received from their own con-
stituents.
My friend from South Carolina had a very
adroit illustration. He told us that, when some
individual was elected a member of the Legisla-
ture of a State, he was immediately invested with
a double character. He was first a member of
the Legislature for State purposes; and then he
had another character as a constituent in the elec-
tion of a Senator of the United States. Whatever
may be this second character, I think I have
shown that he can exercisc it only in virtue of
his first character, namely, the fact that he is a
member of the State Legislature. Bui the Sen-
ator seems to imagine—I trust I do him no injus-
tice in this particular—that an officer holding tlus
double relation can, in his character as constitu-
ent of a Senator of the United States, violate his
oath of office, and violate the public obligation
devolved on lnm as a member of the State Legis-
lature, I cannot understand this. I cannot un-
derstand how it is possible for a man who has
two characters, in virtue of one of them to con-
travene the rules which should guide him in the
performance of his duty m the other.
Then, sir, the Senator from South Carolina
was pressed to the wall by the suggestion of my
friend from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart.] What
should we do if a "convict—a person who had
been tried and found guilty of an infamous crime,
of treason, or murder, of any of the higher grades
of crimes, who had been convicted under the
authority of a State, and not pardoned—should
be elected a Senator of the United States? "Oh,"
said my friend from South Carolina, " I would
expel lum.55 Then we should abuse the power
of expulsion. It was conferred for no such pur-
pose. It was conferred as a check on the official
conduct of a Senator; and whenever it is applied
to reach circumstances connected with him prior
to his taking his seat in this House, it is a simple
abuse of power; and when my learned friend is
driven to that emergency—when he is driven into
the abuse of another power conferred by the Con-
stitution , in order to avoid a difficulty of this sort—
it seems to me that he is very near the end of his
argument.
On the other hand, the Senator from Connecti-
cut and other Senators seem to think that we
stood in great danger from this doctrine—that
the people of the States would prescribe various
qualifications. My friend from Kentucky sug-
gested that some State might prescribe the qual-
ification of political reasons. Well, sir, if they
were only prescribed by the Legislature, they
could be altered by the Legislature. If a Legis-
lature desires to have as Senators those only who
are supporters of the Nebraska bill, and chooses
to pass a law to that effect, and a subsequent Le-
gislature meets together, and find that law in their
way, they can repeal it and then elect a Senator.
They act as effectually now in choosing the Sen-
ator without such a law, as if it existed. As to
the suggestion of religious tests, it is sufficiently
answered by saying that they are prohibited, not
only in the Federal Constitution, but in many of
the State constitutions.
These ore not the questions. The questions
are, whether the people in Slate convention can
govern their Legislature, or cannot govern them?
whether it behooves us to teach the Legislatures
of the States that they owe to us a higher alle-
giance than they owe to their own constituents?
whether we arc to set our foot on their constitu-
tions, and teach them to set at defiance the sol-
emnly expressed will of those from whom they
derive their authority, and from whom wo also,
indirectly, derive our authority? Why should
we fear that the people of the States, either
through their conventions or through their Legis-
latures, will abuse this power more than wo
should abuse it? Has all wisdom departed from
the people ?
I revere the Constitution of the United States
and the Union established by it as sincerely and
as devotedly as any Senator upon this ilooi, and
I would £o as far as any Senator to maintain
them tcjjffce full extent of all the powers which
have been delegated by the people of the Siatcs.
But, sir, although I regard it as a Constitution
appropriate for our Federal form of Government,
it never occurs to me that it is by implication to
be carried further, and to the aestruction and
overthrow of the State constitutions and govern-
ments. When the people of the States meet in
thei r conventions, to frame their own constitutions,
they have some little modicum of wisdom left to
them. They are able to provide wise restrictions.
They have the experience and the whole history
of this Government down to the present time to
guide them. It seems to me that all arguments
addressed to our fears, that the States may affix
unworthy restrictions or improper restrictions
can safely be answered by declaring that the
people are not only the source of authority, but
the sourcc of wisdom.
Mr. President, I have detained the Senate longer
than I intended when I arose. I do not care at all
about the present question, whether the Senator
from Illinois i  allowed to maintain his seat or
not; and if this question were to be decided on the
point first suggested by my friend from Kentucky,
as to the construction of the constitution of Illi-
nois, while I should be compelled to differ from
him, I should consider that as comparatively an
unimportant matter; but I do feel it incumbent
on me to protest against the proposition that we
are deliberately to set at defiance the constitutions
of one half of the States of this Union.
In the whole history of this Government, when-
ever it has been called on to interfere with the
laws of a single State, or with the proceedings of
a single State, those m power have come to the
consideration of that question with the utmost
doubt and the utmost diffidence; and whenever m
even an inferior court the judges are called upon
to decide between the Constitution and a mere act
of the Legislature, they have adopted the propo-
sition that unless the conflict between them is
plain, indubitable, inevitable, they will allow
them both to stand. No man has been able to
point out any conflict between the Constitution
of the Unite! States and the constitution of the
State of Illinois. It is upon a presumption, it is
upon an idea, that the Constitution of the United
States meant more than it has expressed—more
than its language can be made to express: it is
upon a theory invented for the occasion, that we
are to make this holocaust of the constitutions
of the States. Other Senators may feel it within
their duty to give votes of that description; but
for myself, acting upon my sense of duty, and
my ofneial oath, I am not able to do it.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, my friend
rom Ohio docs not differ in principle from those
who maintain the opposite side of the question.
His difference with us is on details. I beg leave
to ask him, if the constitution of Illinois had for-
bidden the election of a Senator unless he was
under thirty years of age, would he contend that
in that case the person elected under that age was
entitled to his seat ?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly not.
Mr. TOUCEY. Why not? Because such a
provision would be in conflict with the Constitu-
tion of the United States. He admits that. He
admits, then, chat the Constitution of the United
States is superior in power to the constitution of
a State, because the people of a State have given
■ their sanction to it; and having given their sanc-
j tion to it, it is a compact between the people of
j the State and the people of the other States, irrev-
' ocablc by them. Does he doubt this? Docs ho
deny it? Does he deny that the authority to elect
a Senator for a particular State is derived from
the people of that State, and that it is granted to
the Legislature of the State through the Constitu-
tion of the United States? I apprehend not. No
other Slate could grant the power. That Stato
does not grant the power by its own State con-
stitution. It grants the power by the Constitu-
tion of the United States. After it has been
granted, docs he contend that it can be revoked,
diminished, modified? I apprehend not.
I say, then, the Senator from Ohio and myself
do not differ in principle. Why, then, this com-
ment on our deference to the will of the people?
Sir, I have the most unlimited confidence in the
people, but when they have, in the exercise of
their sovereign power, assented to the Constitu-
tion of the Uiuted States, and made their assent
irrevocable, except in the mode pointed out by
that Constitution, I say 1 have such confidence in
them tint I will carry out what I know to be their
will. When, therefore, the Legislature of Illi-
nois elected, precisely in pursuance of the Con-
stitution of the United States, the Senator who
now occupies the seat, the Legislature obeyed
the Constitution of the United States and obeyed
the people of Illinois. No Senator here will con-
tend that there is any doubt, provided that there
isaeolhsion; and the question is, whether there is
a collision. The Senator from Ohio thinks there
is none. It is in that alone that we differ; but I
will not go into the argument.
Mr. STUART. I do not know but that, under
our rules, it is now too late to amend this resolu-
tion; but if so, I should like to have the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to propose an amend-
ment, so as to take the sense of the Senate upon
the effect of the constitution of the State of Illi-
nois. I do not make the proposition for any mere
curiosity of my own, but fdr the purpose of pro-
viding for future reference; and for that purpose,
I have prepared this amendment—which will test
the sense of the Senate—to add to the resolu-
tion:
" Tor the reason that the said Lyman Trumbull, having
reined the officc of judge moie than one year previous to
his election a* Senator, is, in the opinion of the Senate,
thereby relieved fiom the inhibition contained in the con-
stitution of tlie fcjiate of Illinois."
Expressions of dissent were heard all round
the Chamber.
The PRESIDENT. It is not in order, unless
the Senate should reconsider the vote ordering
the yeas and nays.
Mr. STUART. I am mvare of that; but for
the purpose of testing the sense of the Senate I
should like to have this amendment voted upon.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senator can test
that principle after the resolution itself is dis-
posed of.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I have great
regard for my friend from Ohio, and J regret to
differ from him. I intend, in three sentences, to
express my views. The clause of the Constitu-
tion is:
'■ Xo person shall be a Senator who shall not havp attained
to the iige of thirty vears, and been rene veai'd a citizen of
the United tftaie^, and who >ha!i not, when eleetcd. be an
inhabitant of the State for which he shall be chosen."
This clause is full and entire. It is a constitu-
tional will of sovereign parties to a compact, and
it comes within the maxim of the law exfressio
est exchtsio alterius. That is my proposi-
tion.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
